user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006834433,Recommended,217290,8905340,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,James Russell,"This is a fun little RPG.  It's hugely replayable, as every town is different and you have to do different things to save each town (most of these are ""Kill X monster"", ""Destroy X Machine"", or ""Collect X Items"", but they're just slightly different enough to stay interesting).  There are some flaws in the game, the graphics are extremely dated and can be glitchy, and townspeople behave like idiots (starving to death when 1 copper piece in debt, charging towards high level invading monsters with poor weaponry and armor, standing motionless while a tornado is heading straight for them, and so on.  Worse is that you suffer a reputation penalty even when they die in stupid ways).  The monster AI seems pretty rudimentary as well, once they're aggro-ed, they run in a straight line after you and attack in predictable ways.  However, even with the flaws, it's still a solidly fun game and you can get engrossed in it pretty easily"
,Not Recommended,217290,8432102,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Trooth,"I really wanted to like this game. I could look past the low-poly models, the awkward texturing, the clunky animations, the garish particle effects, the simplistic UI, the bland music, and the jarring sound effects... If ONLY the game was fun to play.For the most part, it's like any other Diablo clone you might have played. Sometimes the movements and attack animations feel kind of sluggish, but it's the same kind of point-and-click combat accompanied by a lot of randomly-generated loot, and other random factors.But I consider that one of the biggest flaws in the game: TOO much is left up to random chance. You get a random town with random NPCs, a random dungeon with a random monster pool and a random number of floors (generally from about 5 to about 20) and you're given random quests to kill a specific monster, kill several lesser monsters, recover or destroy a random quest item, or find and/or rescue somebody from a random floor. All of which would be FINE, if the game didn't leave SO MUCH up to chance.For example, if you get a quest to meet an NPC in the dungeon, you have to reach the floor they're on, then HOPE you find them almost immediately, because they can and will be attacked by any monsters that happen to spawn near them. And 9 times out of 10, they'll be killed by the monsters, forcing you to fail the quest. Now, failing one quest like that isn't the end of the world, but it feels like you just aren't given a fair chance, and it's one of many factors reflecting this game's lack of polish.A lot of reviewers praise the fact that you can fail any quest, any NPC can die, and you can even fail to save whatever town you're on from ruin. This isn't a bad idea in theory, but there's no way to gauge how well you're doing or how safe the town is until people start dying off and it's practically too late to help. It's true that failing to kill a ""boss"" enemy before an arbitrary time limit means he'll start raising minions and sending troops and assassins into the town, but there isn't much you can do to expedite that quest. It comes to a point where you're fighting a constant tide of new quests, compounded by attacks on the town, which keep you from reaching deeper floors of the dungeon, since you have to constantly return to the surface. The enemies just teleport directly into the town. It would be nicer if they had to physically travel there, so you could intercept them or cut them off, or SOMEhow take preventative action against them, but all you can do is grind along on each quest as you would normally have done. If one of my quests involved killing a boss monster on floor 15, and I was only on floor 5 or so, I would sometimes just let the monsters destroy the town and move on to a new one, because these randomly generated quests were asking far too much of me. I knew I would not only be constantly traveling back to town to kill invaders, but also that new quests in other deep floors of the dungeon would be constantly arising, just as unreachable as the first, and compounding the attacks on the town. People throw around words like ""consequences"" and ""stakes"" in praise of this game, but failing to save a town has pretty much negligible consequences. You lose some reputation and you move on to a new town. Losing one or two has no major impact on the overall game, so there's not much motivation to protect them when they're so easily disposable.Another problem is that a town becomes ""saved"" after you complete a randomly-selected arbitrary quest, and there's no way of knowing which one it will be. You might kill the boss monster, break his evil altar, destroy an uprising of skeletons, recover an evil artifact, and cure the town's poisoned water supply, but none of those things might ""save"" the town. Instead, the game might decide that the town is ""saved"" when you gather items for the townspeople to construct a lightning totem in the town. There's no way of knowing what your ""main"" quest is, because it looks like any other random task. But all that happens when you ""save"" a town is that you're allowed to move on to a new one. The dungeon is still full of monsters, and all the other pre-existing quests can still be done (in fact, more will continue to spring up as long as you stay in the town) and you need not even reach the final floor of the dungeon. I found it weird when I saved my first town having only been to 10 of the dungeon's 12 floors.So, these might be some pretty frustrating game design choices, but by far the most frustrating thing turned out to be the combat. I played as a summoning character, which I usually find fun in games like these. But the monsters' AI is so dreadful, playing a summoner is practically useless. I had my minions set to ""aggressive"" but they seemed to just do whatever they wanted. Sometimes they would completely ignore enemies, even as I fought them, sometimes they would attack an enemy once and then run away for no reason, and worst of all, they LOVED to stand in narrow hallways, blocking my path when I needed to escape from enemies.But worse than that is the enemies' ability to stun you. Certain enemies with special attacks, or even ordinary enemies getting critical hits, apparently, can stun you, meaning you are 100% immobilized and unable to make any attacks or use any skills for a good three seconds. At higher levels, this is plenty of time for a swarm of monsters to surround you, stunlock you, and slowly whittle away at all of your health as you cannot possibly break through the crowd or drink potions fast enough to keep yourself alive. All you can do is sit there and watch your character slowly die.I'm perfectly fine with a game being difficult, but this game just comes across as sloppy. The difficulty is unfair and unbalanced, as a result of some very clunky combat mechanics and far too much of the quests being left up to random chance. Speaking of which, there is no real narrative or over-arching final objective to ""beat"" the game. Just a big disorganized pile of infinite towns, infinite dungeons, and infinite quests. I was eventually given the ""gain your freedom"" quest, which I took to be something a little different, signaling an ""end"" to the game, even though I was only about level 18. But the objective was just to kill another randomly-generated boss monster. And after I did it, nothing changed. I didn't gain an especially substantial reward, I still had my same pile of quests from the townspeople, and the game invited me to do some more of them... Forever. Even worse, actually, is that I FAILED the ""gain your freedom"" quest on my first attempt, and the town was eventually destroyed. But then I moved on to a new town, and the quest was immediately made available to me again. My failure of this seemingly-important quest had zero impact on my game. I just did it again.If you're looking for a Diablo clone/action RPG/dungeon crawler, you can do a lot better, even just on steam. I'd recommend either of the Torchlight games, Titan Quest, or even Fate (a similarly unpolished-feeling game) before I would recommend this one."
,Recommended,217290,21067106,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,maplesyrupghost,"Just picked up Din's Curse during the sale and figured I would give it a shot.  Played it for a few hours... pretty much addicted to it now.It's basically Diablo or Titan Quest.  If you're already a fan of those type of games, you owe it to yourself to try this one out.  This was absolutely a thrill to play.  Everything seems to work.  The graphics are a bit dated, but by looking at the release date this is about a 6 year old game.The loot was pretty good here as well, it was always interesting to know what each magic item's attributes were.  It's just the same as the Diablo series, it's always worth identifying your equipment in case you get something special.  It almost felt slightly crazier loot-wise than Diablo, as they would sometimes get items that Blizzard wouldn't dare give you at a low level, like gloves that add +56 damage when your weapon is only like 5-10 damage.  It doesn't even feel imbalanced or anything like that, since the difficulty ramps up quite quickly, it's just a huge bonus when you find something awesome.There's something this game does differently which I had not seen before.  It sort of just throws quests at you like crazy to the point where you are having to find food for everyone in town one at a time.  It felt like Fallout 4 where the whole settlement needed your help, where normally in Diablo you would not have to fend for anyone but yourself, typically.  Also it seems like everyone in the town had a busy-quest for me.  Usually quite simple like killing some foes, activating a button, etc, but the fact that you have seemingly random generation on quests is something that I haven't seen from one of these types of games.  Usually the game comes with a bunch of quests and that's it.  Not so sure about this game.  Seems like they changed enough aspects of the game to make it really unique.I'd love to see if there is a multiplayer community for this game!  I see it is supported, but I haven't tried it out yet.All in all, I'm super impressed.  Go out and buy this game!"
,Recommended,217290,15165036,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,The Semp,"Din's Curse is a game about substance over style. There are prettier, smoother, flashier action rpgs out there right now, but what Soldak brings to the table with their take on the genre is a game that can be fine-tuned and customized, providing a randomly generated town and a dungeon to protect it from. Layer on top of that systems of interactive NPCs both friendly and hostile (which works most of the time) and a class system that gives you the freedom to build the kind of character you want to play. These features and more allow Din's Curse to stand on it's own.There is somewhat of a storyline. You (The Player Character) have incurred the wrath of Din, who tasks you with redeeming yourself by becoming a hero. It's mostly an excuse to send you to an infinite number of worlds so that you can delve into their dungeons and kick the crap out of pixies and orcs. Most of the quests in the game are randomly generated ""kill x"" and ""fetch y"" throwaways.The way this is kept from turning the game completely stale is the way that these quests can have a tangible effect on the game world. You aren't just collecting metal shards for no reason - the townsfolk might be making an ice turret to fend off attackers. Leave an enemy leader alive too long and he'll start building an army which will overflow from the dungeon and endanger the townsfolk. It's possible for the town to become dehydrated and famished too as shipments are lost in the dungeon.The combat can feel clunky at times. Though the game isn't terribly old the animations and hit feedback leave something to be desired. The dungeons themselves aren't particularly attention grabbing. They more or less look like a series of corridors filled with monsters to slay. Generic at best, mediocre at worst. The UI itself is the definition of clunky and there are features missing that have existed in most games like it for years.The reason I have to give this game props is that it truly does build on its own unique concepts. I've had lots of fun delving into dungeons and gearing my character, and I love that I can go through and save a town in a matter of hours. It allows me to craft somewhat of a legacy for my character: He isn't just a guy who has done that one heroic thing. He's the savior of multiple universes!This game will be hit or miss for a lot of people. I personally loved it, but that's because I had the patience to look past the clunky presentation to see the underlying systems beneath. It's sophisticated, but not outwardly so. If you're a fan of dungeon crawlers I'd say give it a go.I give Din's Curse an 8/10"
76561197993850478,Recommended,217290,10373715,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Penguin Blender,"To me, this is what an ARPG should be. If you like messing around with different character builds, killing stuff, collecting gear with little story or exploration to slow you down, give this a go.PLEASE don't look too much at the screenshots or videos, just download the demo and give it a try. It's only 100MB or so, and it plays way better than it looks.If you like the ARPG genre, I don't think you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,217290,32911193,Posted: 27 June,all,raubrey,"""Choose one of 141 class combinations and journey to an infinite number of dynamically generated towns with vastly different problems."" -- Enough said. Sold.Seriously though, for the price (<$3 USD on sale) hopefully you can get a ""few"" hours of fun out of the game. It's somewhat a mix between Torchlight (on steroids) and tower defense (in this case town-defense) with some harder RPG elements (character  building, limited inventory (very) and traps, for starters).One thing really nice about the game is you can really customize the difficulty level. So far I have turned off the timed quests/town attacks until I learn how to navigate and manage loot in an efficient manner.That the NPCs and quests vary is pretty neat, (since they also have consequences for failure) and more impacting than say a random Torchlight map.Lastly, be prepared to die. It is a bit rogue-lite (if you have town attacks on esp.) but you keep your equipment and level.This isn't the type of game I usually play (real-time, no save etc. but am branching out.) I'm pretty pleased with it especially for the price. It can be quite addicting or something just played a bit when you feel like it. Also, there are mods, which I have yet to explore."
,Recommended,217290,7890167,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Saeta,"This is Diablo, only with a fifth of the plot- all action. You are probably going to die. A lot. And so will all the townspeople relying upon you, their hero, for safety. All because, in ""Din's Curse,"" the bosses fight back.Slowly but surely, they gather power and influence, staging ambushes upon the town while you're down in the dungeon or shopping for more armor. You will die a lot, but it's great fun. Highly recommended for any fan of Diablo, Torchlight, or Titan's Quest; try the demo if you're unsure."
76561198014594997,Recommended,217290,9839063,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Cthulhu Fhtagn!,"This is an amazing game. If you loved Diablo or Fate, this is like an upgraded version of those. Not only can you dungeon delve and kill tons of monsters, but the townspeople need your help as well. People can starve to death, fight each other, plot against the town, ect. No one is safe, not even quest givers or vendors. Down in the dungeon, monsters can swarm you from all sides, especially if there is dimensional gateways that constantly spawn monsters. If you are not careful, quests can pile up, monsters start uprisings and try to invade the town, various machines can cause harmful or strange effects, like causing tornados in the town. Loot is completey random, and the various classes are fun to play, especially hybrids. Din's Curse and it's slightly different game, Depths of Peril are must buys."
,Not Recommended,217290,19338007,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Nerevarine,"I looked into Din's Curse after reading some reviews of it. The novelties it brings - randomized worlds, dynamic events, time-sensitive quests - are all extremely interesting and full of exciting potential. Unfortunately, the game never rises to meet said potential. After playing through two and a half towns I feel as though I've more or less gotten the idea.Go to a town, win and fail some quests, occasionally have to rush back to town to defend an attack... rinse and repeat.If the dynamic events were held together by something even resembling a storyline, or some more interesting characters, this game would probably be nothing short of incredible. But as it stands - it's just another bare-bones Action RPG clickfest with a few interesting features that are borderline gimmicks.If you know you love Action RPGs then by all means, check this one out. It's certainly not bad insofar as the genre goes. But if you were hoping, like me, for a new take on what has long ago become a worn-out genre, then think again:  at best, Din's Curse can be an interesting experiment in which you can invest a couple of hours, but nothing more."
76561198064749920,Recommended,217290,17609375,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,FarAwayBuyer,"A delightful little Diablo clone, nobody will confuse this with Blizzard's most recent titles.  The primitive graphics are more than made-up for by the game's greatest innovation on the genre:  Everything is played on a timer, and if you take too long to complete a particular quest (or if you ignore a quest altogether) the monsters living down in the Dungeon will attack the town!If your town is destroyed, it's game over, so the game becomes a tense balancing act as you try to do what's best for your hero while also trying to keep the town relatively intact.  The townsmen can defend themselves, and you can complete quests along the way to make it easier for them to defend themselves (e.g., ""Find the blue prints for an Arrow Tower on Level 12 of the dungeon"") or to give you access to better equipment (e.g., ""If you can find this rare artifact on Level 3, we can recruit an Armorer to come to this town"").As with all the Diablo games, the dungeon-romp gets a little repetitive after a while.  The different classes help some with this, but not overly much.  If this turned you off in other titles like Torchlight or Diablo, there's little reason to think you'd enjoy it more here.But if you enjoyed those games, and want something that provides a bit more of a thinking man's challenge, this is a great little game!"
,Recommended,217290,20279156,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Diet Sausage,"If you enjoy action RPG's primarily for their mechanics, this game is easily one of the best.Your job is to rescue towns by fulfilling various, randomly-generated quests, most of which have you delving deep into multifloor, randomly-generated dungeons.  While you're doing this, any number of events within the town can occur.  For example, individuals may get in a fight; the town may be attacked by monsters; merchants may arrive with new goods.It's striaghtforward and simple, but the real draw of this game comes from the many ways you can alter the gameplay.  There are several character classes, each with three variants, each with their own small skill trees.  You can also create a class.  As for the worlds themselves, you can determine the level at which enemies spawn, how often events occur, how often other NPC's attempt to solve quests (they can, and sometimes do succeed).  You can pay to take back stat points and skill points, allowing you to dynamically customize and re-customize your character as you're playing.  There is very little you can't directly change.  There is also the option for permadeath, if you want a greater challenge.The DLC is absolutely worth it.  It only adds more content, and does so seamlessly.The only downside is the graphical presentation - this game is passable, but not particularly good looking.  The UI works, but could do with having some elements closer together - on a large monitor, you might find yourself having to shift attention away from your character in order to keep track of their health, which means getting caught by surprise in some of the harder floors.  I'm not particularly bothered by it, as the gameplay is worth the occasional trouble, but if you've a very large monitor you'd probably benefit from scaling it to a different aspect ratio.Overall, I very much enjoy this game.  It's worth the price even without a sale."
,Recommended,217290,10834152,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Braneman,"You know what diablo was missing? Werewolves. this is a dungeon crawler game where you can be a werewolf/druid, you can also create hybrid classes and there is a unique quest system where in real time you are defending a town built on top of the dungeons you crawl through."
76561198060942663,Recommended,217290,8836989,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,CosmicAuran,"Diablo and Torchlight may offer more in graphics, this game offer alot more in content.One thing love about this game is that monster actually hate each other(unlike most rpgs where they all gang up on you). The monsters gain xp each time they kill a npc or monster, so  it may be wise decision take them out before they become to powerful. Another cool feature is that objects in the dungeon can be interacted by either the player or monsters; for example levers which activate traps or unlock areas. Monsters may activate a ruin which heals them or gives them buff.Ocassionally monster uprising may start which can lead to the town being invaded. Towns can be destroyed if the you vital npcs; fortunately the dungeons have teleporters which allows quick trips to the surface. The player also gets a teleport stone which be used in emergency; however you must complete a certain quest to recharge it. Since some players may want to focus just on dungeon crawling an option during character creation allows to disable invasions. The game offers quite options for both character creation and world generation."
,Recommended,217290,13247524,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Underwhelmed,"The nuts and bolts are imperfect, but this game is full of heart and delicious meat."
76561197980125232,Recommended,217290,29257264,Posted: 14 January,all,Morte,"Personally this is one of the best action RPGs I have ever played.  The biggest reason for this is because the game actively fights back against you while you are trying to fight through the dungeon to beat the boss.  As you play the boss enemy will occasionally send creatures to attack the town you are trying to save or build machines to damage the town which you will have to find and destroy as you explore.  Having to be constantly concerned about the town you are trying to save and having to run/teleport back in case of emergency adds a new dynamic to the ARPG genre and makes you feel like enemies aren't just waiting around for you to come and kill them.  The only flaws in the game are that sometimes the enemies end up feeling a bit ""samey"" and the game design limits high level play for magic based characters (fixable with mods).  The graphics are also very old school but this is to be expected given the game is made by a solo programmer.  If you can look past the graphics this game is one of the best ARPGs out there.Pros:Boss enemies actually attack towns instead of waiting to diemany classes available including hybrid classesCons:GraphicsPoor scaling for mage classesdungeons/enemies end up feeling the same eventually."
,Recommended,217290,28842669,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Aron,"Strong points of the game:Complex and neat RPG and hack'n'slash featuresGame time can vary from as little as 10 minutes to hours, up to the playerRandom world is super random and dynamic, lots of surprises and cool eventsCharacter development is robust yet impossible to mess upPossibility to make interesting character builds by combining multiple classesThings to consider:Expect low-budget models, textures, animations and effectsThe game is not necessarily a fast-paced slaughter-fest, combat can feel slow sometimes"
,Recommended,217290,12852225,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Rancid Sam,"Great ARPG, and the class-hybrid system is more interesting than it would first appear, since two skill trees are moe than enough to build a useful and relatively-unique character.The randomized towns are relatively small and unengaging until enemies start pouring up to the surface, at which point they become a burden; a burden to relieve of invasion, and a burden to face the deaths of the townsfolk therein. After a couple towns, one may feel the repetition, but with increasingly frequent invasions, focusing on dungeon clearing and exploration becomes more imperative, similar to Torchlight.Hella' unpolished, but Din's Curse has a rough charm to it; you can tell there were just two dudes working on this game with their hearts in it.But seriously, ♥♥♥♥ that noise when the town is invaded."
,Recommended,217290,7851255,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Seneschul,"Very fun game.Slow to build.Similar to diablo, but with twists that improve it imho."
76561198042890140,Recommended,217290,9094358,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,SFF,"A criminally underrated ARPG gem.  Din's Curse sports a living, breathing dynamic world, tons of monsters to fight and loot to find, and literally over a hundred different class combinations.If you're a fan of action rpgs in the vein of DIablo, Torchlight or Divinity, you owe it to yourself to pick this one up.  its cheap, easy to get into, full of heart, and above all, its FUN!Give this game, and Soldak, the love it deserves!"
,Recommended,217290,23942576,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,cactus friend,"I actually can't believe that I haven't reviewed this game yet. As other reviewers have said, it's 'substance over style', here. Ignore the screenshots, if possible - the gameplay is deep. If you've ever wanted a ARPG like Diablo that takes the roguelike aspects to the absolute limit, here you go. The multiplayer is great, and you have a LOT of ways to 'tweak' each town/dungeon combo. Once you 'save' a town by defeating the threat in the dungeon below, or fail to do so, you move onto the next randomly-generated town/dungeon combo, which you're able to tweak to your liking (or challenge) again. You can also customize your character in many ways, including inventive handicaps that force you to play differently. Eventually, you are able to 'ascend' a character, and choose to continue playing as this character, or not.The game's on sale right now, so it's a no-brainer. Just MAKE SURE to get the Demon War DLC as well, as it adds a lot of meaningful complexity to the townspeople and events (not just demons)."
,Not Recommended,217290,26209594,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,BreadLust,"Din's Curse is an interesting game with original ideas, but in practice, plays like another mediocre dungeon crawler.This is a very systems-driven game. Rather than have a scripted campaign, each game is entirely procedurally generated, from the layouts of the dungeons to the quests themselves. The quests are refreshingly honest: if an NPC tells you that you need to go carry out a task quickly or the town will be in danger, or the inhabitants will starve (or similar consequences), they aren't joking. You need to go do that thing quickly (rather than mess around with side quests) or that the consequences really will follow!Unfortunately, in execution, your interaction with these systems is extremely limited. Each game follows a similar pattern, with only occasional and slight deviations: you start at the ground floor of a dungeon, work your way down the levels in a more-or-less linear fashion, and complete whichever quests you can. Often your ability to complete a quest on time is a matter of luck, having little to do with any decisions you have available. And the combat system, which is your main way of interacting with the game, is far less interesting than the systems in which it is embedded.As an experiment, I applaud this game and hope that much was learned from it. As a game, it's really hard to recommend."
,Recommended,217290,305962,"Posted: 23 January, 2013",all,Drake,"The Diablo-like I have been craving since Diablo. Incredible dynamic dungeons, deep loot and character systems and tons of surprises. Make sure you get the Demon War expansion."
,Recommended,217290,13859887,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Choppywee,This game is awesome... Really all I can say.Its like fast food with all the core machanics that makes this genre great. Also they expand and go further with living cities that evolve and live with or without your interaction.
76561198010691612,Not Recommended,217290,2662619,"Posted: 23 August, 2012",all,Soulsick,"So I loved this game.. Dynamic world Diablo type game with co-op.. awesome.I finished the first town.. hmm that was kinda fun.Second town.. all the quests start 7 levels down.. I cant get there in time and they all fail.. while im exploring the town gets attacked.. NPCs die.. I save it.. go back down.. Attack.. return.. NPCs die.. go back down.. ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING ATTACK.. NPCs die.. oh look, the armourer is dead and there never was a weapon smith in this town. Oh look.. your weapons are broken! Oh look, you can't deal damage! Oh no the town's water is poisoned, 9 ♥♥♥♥ING LEVELS BELOW YOU. Oh, you took too long, it's getting worse... worse.. oh you solved it.. but the poison spread.. ANOTHER 9 LEVELS DOWN.. worse... worse... oh theres an NPC you can save 5 LEVELS BELOW YOU... oh he can't repair anyway... so how are those broken weapons? 1 dmg you say? Oh look a lever.. OOPS it was a teleport.. LVL 15! DEAD! DEAD DEAD DEAD... RAGE QUIT"
,Recommended,217290,13862686,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,MentalMidgit,"Randomized quests, loot, NPC's (including their interaction with the world - some get attacked, some are on different floors, some offer unique quests), and enemies, makes this game a classic Roguelike that all fans of the genre will enjoy.The class customization is insane and lets you make really cool combinations to slay your foes.Multiplayer (co-op) is also really easy to get going and can hop in and out (with saved progress) in minutes."
76561198132282056,Recommended,217290,14107025,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,cc2600,"Chances are really good that you dismissed this game when you looked at the screenshots.If you didn't, great! I'll make a case for it.This game, to me, has all the pieces of a great roguelike / arpg game.  Instead of repeating the same story over and over, the game will randomly generate a town, dungeon, and quests for you to complete.The really great thing about this game though, is that the world just isn't standing around waiting for you to interact with it. Villigers are starving, alpha monsters are rallying troops to attack the town. The longer you spend doing one quest, another might have been made impossible due to your target getting attacked by another mob. You might find yourself rushing OUT of the dungeon due to a raid. This randomly created world dosn't revolve around you.Once you have sufficiantly set things right in town (or not) you go on to the next. You can set how long this should take on average in the options, It creates a really nice arcade-dungeon crawl feel that never gets old.It's really rough around the edges, the graphics look like my cat's puke stain on the carpet and the combat gameplay while not terrible isn't really worth mentioning. But if you can allow yourself to get drawn in to the core game mechanics you may see the beauty in it.It takes the RNG dungeon aspect of many ARPG's and applies it to the entire world you interact in, and then consolidates it into a very fun and often hectic 30 minute to an hour game.If a more polished, refined game came out using these same mechanics, it would have the potential to be a real classic, especially for fans of the dungeon crawl, arpg or rougelike genres.So download the free demo, give it a whirl, have some fun. Get the game on sale if you can, It can be a bitter but you might develop a taste for it."
76561198007240278,Recommended,217290,26509382,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Naburimannu,"Exactly what it says on the tin: a procedural ARPG. Older, but scratches the roguelike itch better than many more recent attempts."
,Recommended,217290,22324228,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Vágyakozás,"i've been playing this game for quite a while and it's a decent time sink; i guess i'll just list the good and the bad down here and maybe throw some thoughts at the end too or something:THE BAD:* performance is pretty horrible when compared to how bad the game looks: I'd imagine running all the game logic at once takes a big toll on both graphical fidelity and framerate.* balance occasionally seems off-tune: some skills are extremely strong while some feel lackluster, and sometimes item requirements are weird, to say the least, for the level you find them at. occasionally you will meet monsters which are very overtuned but that's mostly a consequence of their randomly rolled stats and may not be as bad (you can just, like, walk away or save/exit).*the villagers could probably have easily been somewhat more capable, since at the moment they feel a lot like babies you need to tend to, but whenever one of them defects to the enemy they get like 5x stronger, and it feels kind of unfair.THE MIXED:* combat isn't exactly the strong suit of the game: it's floaty, imprecise, and seems slightly lacking in depth (overall, the mechanics allow for some mastery and animation cancelling which is always a good thing, but the control scheme and the fact that you can move while attacking kind of work against you).THE GOOD:* you can respec at any moment as long as you have the coin for it without cutting into the game's replayability. there's a lot of classes to explore and the ability to create any custom class out of combining two instances of any subclass (repeats allowed) truly helps in this sense as well.* there's a lot of variety in the quests you might encounter and the game truly feels like a living world which you're interacting with, if a bit rough around the edges.* you can easily tackle any kind of content you want and customize your experience and town to a high degree. towns have a few preset town-centers around which they spawn and they usually end up repeating themselves in layout pretty often, but every dungeon is unique, with invisible walls, mysterious levers, hidden stashes of goodies, and overall modifiers which change the way the town and its associated dungeon behave, which makes just about every single town you save unique.* while the game doesn't have all that much tactical depth in its combat, there's a lot of strategic depth; once you get to know how quests pan out, or even based on little footholds and advantages you can obtain in the dungeon.* netcode is good and stable; i didn't get to play often with friends, but when i did, it went along hassle-free with no quests falling into any unfinishable states or anything like that: i once encountered some disconnections but i'm not sure that's necessarily on the game's side.if you're into ARPGs full of procedural content, with high replayability and can stand lack of polish and optimization, this should be right up your alley. if you're not sure i still suggest buying it and testing it. it shouldn't take more than two hours for you to realize that you'd rather refund this purchase if you don't like it."
,Recommended,217290,14268302,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Kamikaze Snark,"This is a great aRPG. While the graphics are very dated and user interface is a bit clunky at times, the game's other qualities more than make up for those shortcomings. The dynamic nature of the quests is very engaging. Townspeople may starve or that monsters may attack the town if you don't move quickly enough, and that creates a sense of urgency which adds tension to the game that just isn't present with any other game of this genre that I've ever played.The character creation is very open-ended; the ability to select any two skill trees to create a hybrid class, and the ability to level any skill in those trees without level prerequisite skills, means that there are hundreds if not thousands of viable ways to play the game.This is a unique game and you owe it to yourself to give it a shot. Don't let the screenshots turn you off, this game is amazing."
,Recommended,217290,28458778,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Booger,"Outstanding game. I haven't had my Roguelike itch scratched like this since Angband. It even has a hunger option and permadeath option, if you really want to get into old school mode."
76561197997404567,Recommended,217290,9412053,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Sleepy Eric,"Some would probably think this game is unfair and one reviewer in particular called this game unfair and that it ""left SO MUCH up to chance"". Honestly I don't see the problem with this game.Graphics? Doesn't make a game so don't care.Monster AI? I think every game known to man could use some work on the monster AI and most people would probably judge it based on there opinion of how things should react to the player and let's not forget the glitches that can happen at random. So for this game it's not the greatest I've seen but it is good enough to be enjoyable and not to easy.Diablo Clone? Although I use this method of labeling games that fall under this genre just like Torchlight, The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing, so on and so forth, I hate it. Honestly it makes it nearly impossible for anyone to make a game of this style to always compare it to a predecessor who was in my opinion nearly flawless. But, I will say Din's Curse was one of the only well made games of this style to be labeled a Diablo clone. (I feel the same about Torchlight II)Too Random? You know what, no it isn't. If any gamer out there who has played Din's Curse and doesn't like the random craziness of it all that's fine, it's your opinion. Don't go calling the game sloppy for the reason that others (like me) love this game. To me it feels complete like it was meant to be ridiculous. I found this game to be quite humourus in that aspect. Seriously the first time I got a quest failed notification because an NPC died in the dungeon I realized wasting time was not good in this game and I had to stay on the ball. It keeps you on your toes. Also, it's quite entertaining to watch villagers mess around and get themselves killed cause there in debt by like a couple copper coins, or charging at high level enemies expecting to do more damage than a bee sting.The gameplay is entertaining and keeps you busy like games are meant to. It's difficult and doesn't hold your hand a like a child unlike most games made these days, especially triple A titles. Hell, when I was 2 (maybe 3) I started playing video games, Diablo II came out when I was what 5 or 6. It's how I became pretty decent at solving puzzles and actually helped me read and write (for the most part) correctly unlike most people from my generation. So these days when they make games easy and predictable it's lame and boring I don't care how much money it's making from ignorant gamers and the layman of gaming a.k.a casual gamers, it's still a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. That's why Din's Curse is outstanding in my book. And you know what, I have a feeling that on that difficulty I only beat it because I was playing with my Cousin and our mutual friend. We loved it and I'm actually thinking of playing it again it's been awhile.So to sum everything up, ignore the graphics play the game with your own music score in the background if you must, and maybe get a friend or two to play with you cause this game is great and don't be a whimp up the difficulty. When you've gained enough reputation to lift the curse it's like a new game+ without having to leave the game and opening the menu to start the new game. So play it beat it, and start again with the same stats, or make a new character. Hope you all enjoy."
76561198032117582,Not Recommended,217290,11323728,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,NatureMage,"I want to like this game. That's probably why I've got so many hours played, despite any session never being longer than 30 mintues or so. The game is dull and frustrating.Din's Curse presents itself as a dynamic, living world that continues to evolve as you do your own thing, regardless of how you play. This sounds fun until you realize that quests can become unfinishable as you're attempting to complete them through no fault of your own. Necessary NPCs in town can be killed while you're in the dungeons below. Monster spawns change as the game progresses (randomly), meaning there aren't always enough monsters to actually complete your objectives. One solution is to just wait and see if something changes after a while, but you don't get many quest slots.The graphics are bad. Really, really bad. That might not be a deal breaker for most people, but it's definitely a mark against it. The music is mediocre, and voice acting is almost completely absent. Dialogue menus and the inventory system are even worse.Combat is a mixed bag. The class system allows you to customize your playstyle to a significant degree, but with so many options you start to realize that there's a lot of overlap. Still, the class system is probably the best reason to pick up this game. It's got a healthy amount of choices and encourages replay. Combat itself isn't so great though. Animations are awkward, weapons lack impact, and many spells trigger cave-ins that can help or hinder. (usually just hinder)Dungeons are a bore, and that's all you get. There are very few changes to the scenery as you explore one dungeon after another, deep below the next randomly selected doomed village. They're randomly generated and all end up looking exactly the same.All in all I really can't recommend the game to anyone. The game feels like something that would have been released in 2002, not 2010, but it doesn't even have that bubbly nostalgia feeling. It mostly just makes me sigh and appreciate how far good games have come."
,Recommended,217290,2090756,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,ricmadeira,"One of the best, most innovative action RPGs in recent times! The sense of urgency is immense, and it's great fun with friends."
,Recommended,217290,1060232,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,-=CotS=- Wadsworth,Just a really good and addictive game.
,Recommended,217290,1820695,"Posted: 6 September, 2012",all,XDem,"If you manage to get past the graphics this game is a pure gem, a Diablo-like where the world actually fights back. Bosses don't stay in their lairs patiently waiting for you to come and kill them, they plot, they hire lieutenants, rise minions, build machines, stir trouble, send spies and assassins to the town, and much more. It's up to you to take the proper decisions to save the town, the more time you take to complete quests the stronger your enemies become.While the first few towns created are a bit dull and give a poor idea of the game, the action picks up quite fast and the game becomes addictive as hell. Give it a try!"
76561198035039004,Recommended,217290,14003764,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Atech66,More than meets the eye..alot more.. def worth every penny even at the full price.. addictive hack and slash you progress from town to town saving them  I am a hardcore rpg fan and enjoyed every minute so far.
,Recommended,217290,2222993,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Ibitato,"This game is really sweet. Its ARPG but has some king of live events, and quests, random towns with dungeons, and gameplay flow is great."
,Recommended,217290,9685436,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Zanem,"Din's Curse turns out to be an amazing game, especially with the Demon War expansion, which adds more to the base game!A game with a simple idea (To start in town, haunted by a cave, temple, etc) and limited area (that town, haunted with an underground cave, temple, etc) is taken far with this game!You have been revived by Din (a Diety), who feels as though in your life, you never quite did enough. He explains that to redeem yourself, you must journey with himself to towns, and in these towns you must do your best to solve all that is wrong, and save the small towns from extinsion from the demon threat below.That is the basic idea for the game, but the execution of this game takes the cake, you can select your class, several of which are available. In each class there are 3 perspectives. For example, you can choose the Thief, who has 3 different perspectives, you can level up and persue skills in the Assassin's tree, which allows you to attack with deadly efficiency! Or you can persue the Thief tree, which allows you to sneak, pick locks, and slow the enemy!Also, while on the subject, you are allowed to use a special *Hybrid* class, which allows you to select ANY 2 perspectives of the classes, and combine them. For example you could select a Mage perspective AND a warrior perspective, allowing you to use heavy armor and magic, and essentially any weapon you want. It adds a gread deal to the game, and the variety.Also, the levelling system, I mentions perspectives ( and tree's a couple of times) but the levelling is free-form. So if you have the points, you can select ANY skill in the tree, top or bottom. All you need is the skill points, allowing you to grow and build your character in any way or order you want.I can praise this game in many different areas, but it's really a game to be experienced, not read about."
,Recommended,217290,33455168,Posted: 11 July,all,Redrusty66,"this is an amazingly good casual Diablo-like. Combat has a good amount of depth and even simple melee characters have a good amount of tactics apart from ""click till they drop"". There are a bunch of pregenerated character classes or you can design your own, mixing & matching skill trees. I also really like the dynamic nature of the game. Quests aren't static. Enemies aren't static. NPCs aren't static. Events evolve. Failures happen. Take too long, and the bad guys gain more power and minions. It's hugely replayable, as every town is different and you have to do different things to save each town. To me, this is what an ARPG should be. If you like messing around with different character builds, killing stuff, collecting gear with little story or exploration to slow you down. This is Diablo, only with a fifth of the plot- all action. You are probably going to die. A lot, though you can highly customize the difficulty to your liking, And so will all the townspeople relying upon you, their hero, for safety. All because, in ""Din's Curse,"" the bosses fight back.Slowly but surely, they gather power and influence, staging ambushes upon the town while you're down in the dungeon or shopping for more armor. You will die a lot, but it's great fun. Highly recommended for any fan of Diablo, Torchlight, or Titan's Quest"
,Recommended,217290,19445991,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Rowsdower70,"Great ARPG.  Don't expect flashy graphics, and at times it can be even a bit clunky.   However, give it a chance and you'll see the game has personality.   It offers a different spin on ARPGs with lots of replay value.Definitely worth the price point if you ever find it on sale."
,Recommended,217290,886620,"Posted: 22 September, 2012",all,☠Elimination☠,Like Diablo or Torchlight but with way more variation and customisation options. Has multiplayer as well. Absolutely love this game. It isn't the prettiest but the random stuff that happens in town and in dungeons can often lead to hilarious and fun random events. Being able to mix and match class tree's to make my own class is also really great. I love dungeon crawls and this one is one of the better ones available if you can look past not-so-stellar graphics for the fun times underneath. Very old-school game.
76561198101557223,Recommended,217290,13313073,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Rhythinian,A game that makes an exellent presentation of a good RPG.
,Not Recommended,217290,26751025,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Paul,"Bought the game for coop play - the game refused to let us connect because one person did not have the DLC.After making sure everyone had the DLC (there's no way to disable or remove it), we were able to set up a game.To its credit, the game seemed stable and had few noticable bugs - however it turned out to be a somewhat dull experience, despite the dynamic world aspect."
,Recommended,217290,5455150,"Posted: 28 August, 2012",all,Cliff,If you love dungeon crawlers this one is a great indie game with an 'old school' feel to it. Also supports multi-player. For 8.99 you can't say no to it.
76561198070330940,Recommended,217290,6607541,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,AstinDextor,"Best time killer I've played. The graphics are pretty poor, but the engine is really really good."
,Recommended,217290,22559041,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,LeBron's Hairline,Gameplay > Graphics
,Recommended,217290,23058825,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,MarleVVLL,Fun and interesting multiplayer ARPG.
76561198045285245,Recommended,217290,24438358,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ellipse,"I may have accidentally started a class war in the first town because I couldn't be asked to cloth and feed everyone. On another note, did you know you can just kill people? It's crazy..."
,Recommended,217290,2386379,"Posted: 15 March, 2013",all,obitom,"It's an Ok game, despite ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics and such, but as a diablo kinda game it's quite ok. I enjoyed it, and always wanted to find out what was on the next level. But now that i haven't played it in a while i'm not tempted to open it again.It's a cheap and fun game if you don't have anything else to play."
76561197963852846,Recommended,217290,11040889,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Finger,"It's a decent, low cost Diablo type game. 6.5 / 10.Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,217290,13834590,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Honest Jackie,Great Game Love it
,Recommended,217290,18945588,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,bobclown,"This game redefines group-AI-survival-psych-ward-simulator into something completely unique, leaving you with a feeling that you've finally found that missing piece of your childhood buried under your mother's geraniums.  Possibly the most invigorating experience I've had in years.  This work of art leaves you asking key existential questions, like:Did I just lose when my quest NPCs abandoned the town?Is the audio still playing?Are traps really killing everyone in the town?If I can't see my character, am I still stealthed?How are the townsfolk starving?Is there a boss?Have I taken more damage in town than in the dungeon?... and many more!I've sunk more hours than I care to admit into this game, and I can honestly say there is nothing quite like it.  You will be amazed from the moment you launch the game."
76561198018757869,Recommended,217290,17924691,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,HuntingU,"Keep it up guys, time for Din's Curse 2!"
76561198039399209,Recommended,217290,15070119,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Raserei,"The action RPG genre hasn't really changed. Soldak Entertainment makes an effort to make very unique ARPG's with more going on then just the same formula. All of there games are addictive and unique! Highly customizable with mod support and difficulty rulesets which can be toggled at the character selection screen! Multiplayer support, both online and LAN for Din's Curse and Drox Operative!Drox Operative:http://store.steampowered.com/app/274480/Din's Curse:http://store.steampowered.com/app/217290/Depth of Peril:http://store.steampowered.com/app/23600/10/10 A+++Do yourself and Soldak Entertainment a favor and spread the word about these great games and more to come!They have a new game called ""Zombasite"" on the horizon. The hype is real!Zombasite:http://www.soldak.com/Zombasite/Overview.html"
76561197991023520,Recommended,217290,20341054,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Willy Ink,"Very replayable game, outdate graphic but fun, worth buying"
,Recommended,217290,20894459,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Mistabullit,Good RPG to play a few rounds of. Does some really interesting things with quest generation.
,Recommended,217290,10283974,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Wayne Skylar,"Basically what Diablo 3 should of been.The graphics are dated as ♥♥♥♥, but it;s pretty fun."
76561198037678244,Recommended,217290,12186281,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,edrountree999,"Love it ! The random item you can get , Is Awesome , I think any way... :-)"
76561198010392957,Recommended,217290,32896435,Posted: 27 June,all,Super Drewski,Not a bad game. The element of protecting the town is an added challenge. Not a crazy pace. getting bach to the town  is key with finding the portals in the dungeon as quik as you can.
76561198006568104,Recommended,217290,15262430,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Morgoth,"Oh no....I can feel it happening....another game that I sink hundreds of hours into!!  Oh god, this is Binding of Isaac all over again!!  Wait....WHAT....and there's multiplayer???  Oh dear lord no......"
76561198043475341,Not Recommended,217290,13856599,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,jbowed21,this is grind grind grind no more then grind and level.
,Not Recommended,217290,9856342,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,MsSexyGeek,"This game is okay if you're just in the mood for beating up beasties, but I haven't decided if its worth any more of my time than I've already put into it.  There is no tutorial; instead, as you happen on something new in the game, you are given a short description of what you are to do, but so far I've not found anyway to re-read anything forgotten.  This is a turnoff to me.  I'll probably play it when I have nothing better to do, but I don't see myself investing too much time in this one.  I'm glad I got it on sale."
,Not Recommended,217290,19318387,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Cognitive,"Things I like:- Lots of shadow, and line of sight is important- Looting- Quests do actually fail if you don't focus.Things I dont like:- Boring talents, not tempting to invest in- Rather simple graphics- Minimap acts weird whenever I moveI really need more interesting talents to be happy for gaining a new level and want to carry on"
,Recommended,217290,8558465,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Chris Randle,"Inferior Diablo 2 clone that fails to live up to the standards set by Blizzard Entertainment's original game.  It's not just the game that copies its inspiration - Soldak Entertainment appear to base their company name on the leading corporation's title. Despite this blatant plagiarism, the game does have some merits although few that allow it to stand on its own. It has a dynamic world generation, and is very much point and click. If you've played Diablo then you will be able to dive straight in to Din's Curse. The one main difference is that you have better game options in DC. You can turn on different modes, such as giving all monsters more aggression, or increasing their numbers, or reducing your own chances of finding rare items. It's all good fun at first although it quickly develops into a grind.The relentless aggression of the mobs mean that the single player mode can quickly become overwhelming. Important NPC's in the town seem to have little regard for themselves, and having no guards to protect themselves, they can easily be killed by intermittent raids. And they will. Regularly.It seems that Steam doesn't host Diablo, and for this reason I recommend buying DC if for no other reason than that you can experience this kind of isometric point-and-click genré. However, I would be hesitant paying full price for something that is a poor imitator."
,Recommended,217290,8407098,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Magic Donut,bam!
,Recommended,217290,1603304,"Posted: 25 August, 2012",all,「Ｂｏｋｕ♥」,"For lack of a more concise description, this is basically a fully 3D Diablo 2 with a much more diverse class system.Theres 6 different classes, each with 3 masteries or - if you prefer - you can make a hybrid which takes any 2 masteries and smashes them together into a single class for you. Skills arent presented in trees and instead allow freeform purchasing: they just cost extra SP the higher a skill they are and you can ""buy back"" used skill points to re-apply them to higher skills later on.Theres no inventory tetris and instead you just have a fixed number of bag slots which can be increased by finding other bags of holding. There is, however, an equipment slot for every damn body part to think of.Its not a terribly pretty game, but its all randomly generated. You start in a town which has residents, vendors et al which can starve,  catch diseases and may also come under attack. Its up to you to babysit them while dungeoneering.Lot of play for that price."
76561197973236751,Recommended,217290,17147630,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Eolair,"Unique ARPG - you are part of a living world. Your action have consequences, e.g. if you fail to solve a quest in time."
,Recommended,217290,169330,"Posted: 25 August, 2012",all,MCpl Green,"Solid dungeon crawler. At times, frustratingly difficult (see below) but overall very enjoyable. Worth the investment.Procedurally generated content, from the town through the quests, monsters, NPCs and dungeon floors, everything's randomized. Overall it works very well, but sometimes events with negative penalties can stack, and generally make the game exceedingly difficult. Nothing that can't be avoided with some speed."
76561198018457424,Recommended,217290,17527988,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,leekain125,"ITs good, takes a while before it gets old.  Fun."
76561198083471807,Recommended,217290,17555487,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,SolemnCouncilor,"Like Diablo but a little easier to get your hands on, and will entertain you long enough to be worth it.Also play the demo, so you know if you want to buy it."
,Recommended,217290,14363755,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,jmcone,"Din's Curse is a game of ups and downs; highs and lows. Think of dying every time you enter the same level of the dungeon; killed by mercilessly hard enemies; then think of obtaining a demon-smiting weapon that cuts down those enemies like butter.The game doesn't have the best graphics; but as with most games, graphics in the end do not affect one's enjoyment of the game. It is the gameplay that counts, and Din's Curse has one heck of a rollercoaster.The toolbar combat is reminescent of an MMO, and it is easy to utilize. The inventory system is good; but the poor shared inventory system between characters is frustrating.The entire world of Din's Curse is randomly generated; from names of citizens to towns to dungeons, each dungeon has similar yet different enough aesthetics that you won't mind the repetitive encounters. And although most encounters play out similarly, there is enough enemy variety that you perk up when you see a new enemy type. A full bestiary is avaliable for lore junkies, such as I.This game is one that will divide players; one that can be easily hated, yet also easily loved. In the end, I fell in love with Din's Curse. I hope that, in time, you will too."
,Recommended,217290,1751910,"Posted: 23 August, 2012",all,illocution,"This is a weirdly addictive dungeon crawler, where the gimmick is that stuff continues to happen in town as you are away. I was too slow on a quest - well, the guy decided to do it himself. Or it took too long for me to delve down to kill the thing I was supposed to kill, so it got more powerful and built an accursed darkness machine. Stuff attacks the townsfolk so you have to decide to keep plowing onward to finish your current objective or run back to try to stop any of them from dying. Generative, emergent plot! PRETTY FUN"
,Recommended,217290,846398,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Paulie Knuckles,Diablo who?
,Recommended,217290,12284793,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,SoGaPit,"SImple and fun to play.  Now with linux support, I am giving it an A+"
,Recommended,217290,12154895,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Papa Bloss,"Kinda like D2 but more focused on randomized events, Cool class hybrid system, can either pick a predefined class with three talent trees, or mash two different classes together with but sacrifice a third talent tree option. I takes a lot of the good about D2 features. If you can deal with not so great graphics, it's a worthy game for purchase."
76561197982989481,Recommended,217290,12848317,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Addicted to Sadness,very good old rpg game dont judge from the graphics its one of the best diablo clones
,Recommended,217290,247553,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,three_sevens,"Din's Curse is a fun Diablo/rogue-like type game, that holds it's own unique flavor.  You save different random towns by doing randomized quests, from the influx of monsters from a randomized dungeon.  When you save a town, you go on to a new town, which is never the same as the last.  The game isn't as polished  or have the prettiest graphics, but it is addicting and fun and has a certain charm to it. Try out the demo if you like action role-playing."
76561198045582308,Recommended,217290,5144365,"Posted: 27 August, 2012",all,TheCometCE,"This is one of those indie games that you either love or hateI've been playing this one for months (was on sale through their site + expansion for awhile, about time it hit steam) and I still enjoy playing it"
76561198029239720,Recommended,217290,3928266,"Posted: 21 September, 2012",all,Thomas Shelby,Fantastic Game and Cheap!!!
76561197990641231,Recommended,217290,14282579,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Clashway,"It's not the most polished game, but there is something very cool about a living world that you are frantically running around trying to maintain. The option of hybrid classes will ensure that you spend hours on character creation, either trying to min/max a powerhouse, or deciding if you want a warrior who spits flames, or a mage who casts spells from within the saftey of plate mail."
,Recommended,217290,632047,"Posted: 30 August, 2012",all,flaviodesousa,"Plain hack'n slash RPG... Akin to Torchlight (yeah, much cruder visuals... sigh!) but great for relaxing for some minutes (or hours...) -- quick!"
,Recommended,217290,1054358,"Posted: 21 September, 2012",all,Kanosis,I am unbble to type because I am a Gaseous form.
76561198053969744,Recommended,217290,21237371,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,AstrihKonnash,"Soldak is  well-known for games like Depths of Peril, Drox Operative (plus DLC), Kivi's Underworld and Zombasite (all except Kivi you can get on Steam).It's a very light game, you can play it on PCs with minimal requirements and have hours and hours of fun. Demon War adds even more new stuff to make it more fun. Procedural dungeons everytime you start a new town, with new NPCs and the ever-present Din, the god who made you immortal and forced you into making the town happy and free of monsters - as if that's easy - NOT! (well, you squandered your previous life on messing with everyone, he's just ""helping"" you into not doing it the next ""n"" times)Go ahead, try the demo and/or buy it. Unless you're picky about high-end graphics and such."
,Recommended,217290,26911,"Posted: 22 August, 2012",all,HKEY_LOVECRAFT,"Like Depths of Peril before it, this is easily one of the best games I've ever played.  With the exception of Kivi's Underworld--a good game in its own right but a deviation from their trademark emergent gameplay model--Soldak never disappoints.The sheer amount of things to do in this game is mind-boggling and can literally be overwhelming.  The best part?  Each game plays out completely differently.  Lots of games boast infinite replayability--Din's Curse is the standard by which all others should be measured.If the idea of playing alone induces a yawn, please know that multiplayer is a frenetic, exhilirating blast.  I simply cannot imagine anyone who spent a few minutes with this game not quickly finding themselves in its thrall.  And when you're ready for something familiar but new, Drox Operative, their latest title (currently in beta) s right around the corner."
,Recommended,217290,730769,"Posted: 21 September, 2012",all,"Dr. Rick Dagless, M.D.",This is a pretty addictive dungeon crawler. Currently putting off purchasing TL2 as too deep into this. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,217290,35046969,Posted: 18 September,all,Wolf619,"I played din's curse a long time ago and really enjoyed it. I finally got a copy on steam with the demon war DLC.Ill start off first by saying this game is a diablo clone, so if you hate diablo games then stay away.the graphics while dated are good enough for what I like, you can turn the graphics features up to a certain degree but it's still an older game.Now, for what seperates this game from other diablo clones:You actually affect the people in your town, you can donate them money or food so they don't starve and you affect their happiness levels. Also if you open a portal like in the diablo games but dont close it, the monsters can attack your town and kill the villagers, so you need to kind of be aware of the alerts you recieve otherwise your town might die (which is pretty much game over)it features randomly picked quests, randomly generated dungons, you can pick from one of the character classes or create your own hybrid (im using reaver/gladiator).The story is kind of weak in the game, there isnt cutscenes and most characters have only a few lines of dialog. So if you are playing for the story don't bother.If you are looking for a diablo like with different features, din's curse might be your thing. I played a lot of Torchlight 2 as well and honestly I prefer din's curse (tl2 is made a lot better but i find din's curse to have more random fun and i like that the villagers lives are actually in danger so you feel a little more attached to them than in most diablo clones).It's a great little game!"
,Recommended,217290,35082992,Posted: 20 September,all,ＰＲＩＴＣＨＡＲＤ,"I spent 15% of the week after I bought this game playing it. I haven't been this hooked on a game in a long time. This game has one of the best gameplay loops I've seen in a long time, and the way that it drip feeds you content means that just when you're getting bored of the monsters you're fighting right now a new challenge will come along.I definitely recommend getting the expansion pack, it adds more content and increases the amount of things you can do around town."
