user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,217690,18277221,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Faudraline,"“Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart … Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.” ~ Carl JungThe first time I tried to play this game, it annoyed me a bit. Most beautiful atmosphere, sure. But the camera movements were lagged and inventory interface was downright annoying. I gave the game an hour or so, declared it as ""meh"" and quit to complete it for achievements on a later date. That was before I managed to get into the house. After my success, I learned that I couldn't be more wrong.Annais a tragedy, adorned with a love story, a murder, a forgotten promise and the cult of the Sacred Feminine. Our protagonist is an esteemed professor of history who gives lectures at a university in Italy. Important to note that he is specialized in mythology and folktales - because this is where social sciences tend to present complications fitting for a horror story. Life goes pretty much ordinary - aside some vaguely disturbing and symbolic dreams that he has been having - until he finds an envelope in his closet which leaves him with a sense of uneasiness. He avoids the envelope like the plague until his assistant conveniently spills tea over it, making opening the thing a priority. Then, he discovers photos of him in places that he has no memory of visiting. And the implication of a woman being there. He takes a pause, and mumbles to himself: ""Anna, how could I forget you, my love"".We learn all this information from our professor's notes, meeting him the first time where he stands outside of an abandoned country house in a secluded valley. This is the house that he's been dreaming of, and he intends to discover more about it at any cost. I warn you: this is a ""be careful what you wish for"" scenario and it includes many disturbing symbolic imagery, knowledge of the occult, and the versions of folktales that Disney wouldn't even touch with a 10 foot pole. So keep reading if you are interested in a kind of dread that Lovecraft would be much proud of.I wouldn't like to exaggerate anything, but the atmosphere is really marvelous and effective. Every detail is carefully put together to arrange the correct mood, empowered with symbolisms and background noises. Drawings and writings on the wall, lights flickering and beaming on furniture, random events and paranormal occurrences within the house makes you tiptoe, and jump at the tiniest of changes in setting. Yes, there are jump scares, but on contrary to a brutally gory display which we are used to, such events are presented elegantly with the usage of either uncanny symbolisms - concerning many, many weird puppets - or the usage of partial objects that would poke your unconscious with a needle likeSilent Hilldid back in the day. All of this is accompanied by the most beautiful soundtrack, full with suspense and emotion.As for story, all events center the cult of the Sacred Feminine, where female force is idolized like a deity, or even a paranormal entity. I was astonished at the amount and authenticity of lore accumulated in this game. Story and atmosphere combined with the theme of survival horror, I think Anna as a more female oriented version ofAmnesia: the Dark Descent. We have a flaw in memory, an abandoned settlement with occult on goings, appearances of most strange and disturbing phenomenon and a mystery to solve at all costs, mostly to our own inconvenience.As for gameplay itself, there are much that lacks, I won't lie. There are books to collect and learn from, intuitions to combine, items to gather and puzzles to solve. Both without a basic background on at least mythology and an understanding of societal belief, the game would feel plain. Puzzles and most items do make complete sense only if you are already familiar with pagan customs. It is a feast to the ones who are interested in the lore, but I'd advice to skip this game for the casual horror game player.If we are to be straight with the negative, controls do suck. Okay, you cannot go wrong with the tradition of WASD, but camera controls lag horribly, and mouse sensitivity is abhorrent. You basically go pixel hunting to grab something you are interested in, and I have been stuck with inventory bugs that makes it impossible to go through your documents for more than once. You save. You quit the game. You restart, reload. This is a thing now. Sorry.Still, if you are persistent enough to endure controls - you get used to it as a nagging spouse after a while - and set aside the 3rd Party DRM that belongs to Kalypso, it is a good game. As a market strategy, a 3rd Party DRM is a really bad call and I've read there are issues of lost CD Keys about this game too. If you are interested, I advise to play the game in a 3-4 days period, complete everything and get done with it, for being on the safe side.Is it worth all this trouble? Most would say definitely not, but I'm still glad that I was stubborn enough to go through with it. The true ending - it has 8 different endings depending on different courses of action you may take - baffled me and made complete sense for me. I gulped down the rest of my coffee and shed a tear, knowing what this whole ordeal was about. A tragedy, a warning, a mistake to be corrected, a demon to be faced... Call it whatever you may. On a last word, I loved it. I loved Anna, the Sabot Maker and our poor professor. I hope you'd give them a chance to haunt your subconscious too.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Not Recommended,217690,10248787,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jasperline,"Anna-It has an eerie story, a few ""jump scares"" that we're tastfully done, but overall the game wasn't fantastic. I spent a few hours banging my head against some of the puzzles, as even though you're given a LITTLE direction, it's not enough half the time. If you're looking for a pretty game, this is it. Anna has it's own DRM, along with Steam, which some might find obnoxious. I forced myself to 100% it, alot of it in offline mode.I would have to give it a 4/10, it did spook me a few times and give me the ""WTF is that?! OH♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moments. The story could of been a bit more fluffed, and the puzzles given a little more direction. I spent most of my time, wandering back and forth in areas for a bit trying to find that TINY clue I needed to move on.I recommend googling a ""Walkthrough/How-To"" for this game when you get stuck, or go slowly your first playthrough. Pay attention to every tiny detail.My opinion on the matter, this game could have been more."
76561197971252326,Not Recommended,217690,12961527,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,spaceman spork,"Basically you have this adventure game with a pretty intriguing story and a very cool atmosphere.  Sounds like it has a lot of potential right?But let's talk about the controls.  There's idiotic things like not letting you escape out of your inventory by hitting ESC.  You have to hit ""I"" again.  And then there's the inventory itself.  It's very awkward where you have to scroll through a bunch of stuff you have.  The interface could use a lot of work.And now let's talk about ""pixel hunting"".   You know what's frustrating?  Going into a dark room with a bunch of items scattered about the room.  The thing you want isn't an more noticeable and hidden a certain area and it looks just like all the other stuff you can't click on.  So the only way to find it is to move your mouse over every possible item on the screen.  Ugh.  I combed rooms and missed things before and I had to use a walk through a few times to find things.And now let's talk about the worst part of the game.  The puzzles.  Some make sense, many do not.   There's a very thin section of wall you need to break through.  Maybe use a stone or something?  Nope.  You have this metal gear piece.  Maybe you can use that to break through?  It's metal and looks fairly heavy, should bust through.  Nope.  I have a full canteen, that should be kinda heavy...  Nope.   Solution?  You gotta use a tree branch to break through.  A tree branch!  To break through a wall.Yes, that makes sense, right?  The whole game is full of puzzles that barely make sense.   The other use for a tree branch?  There's a knife lodged in a wooden table.  You want that knife.  Your possible tools to get this knife blade out?  Your hands.  Nope, you''ll cut yourself, that makes sense.  An axe!  Let's just chop it out.  Nope.  A shovel?  Maybe you can whack it out or pry it?  Nope.  Ah ha!  I found a woodworking tool!  That's gotta be it.  I mean how else do you get a knife out of a WOODEN table!  HAHA YEAH RIGHT.  Obviously you would use a tree branch to get a knife out of a wooden table.Good puzzle games, when you figure them out, you go ""AHHHHH!  That makes sense!  Why didn't I think of that?""  Anna, you can actually play with a walk through and be like ""uhhhh, ok, I don't get it but sure whatever.  I guess it might make sense maybe?""  That's what made the Lucas Arts games so much fun.  You might have NO idea how to pass a certain part of the game but if someone tells you the answer or you brute force the answer you think ""Oh my god, that makes sense!""  I remember in Monkey Island where I couldn't figure out what to trade the head hunter.  So I offered him everything in my inventory until it worked.  And when the item that worked was offered I had to laugh because it made complete sense once I thought about it.  Anna, I used a walk through heavily after figuring out how terrible the puzzles were.So basically, do not recommend this game in the form it is in now.  Now, if they went through and fixed a bunch of things and redid a lot of the puzzles, I think this could be a very good game.   It's just fairly minor things that need fixing, but a lot of things.  Inventory fix would be very easy and then it's just fixing the puzzles.  It almost feels like it would only take a week or two of work to fix the game completely.It's a shame too because I think the story and atmosphere is great.  If you are a HUGE paranormal / occult story fan, the game is worth playing for the story.   Just make sure to have the walk through available for you so you can just play through the story without any of the frustration."
76561198078208116,Not Recommended,217690,20736378,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,odoscoldbeak,"Game unusable and Refund Refused, stay away from this developer!   After Three Years I have finally had enough of the intrusive (and highly glitchy) Registration Process every time I want to play this game.  I really liked this game but I have never before come across a publisher who deliberately shoots themselves in the foot to this degree by barring the customers from playing a game they paid good money for.  STEAM should do something about this highly suspicious (and creepy) company who are harvesting personal information and ripping people off in this way.EDIT......I had an important question about my review that I should share with the steam community.  There is no doubt that Kalypso are selling our personal information to third parties.   I got so exhausted from the glitching and inconvinience of the registration system that I created an email for no other reason than to use it for the registration process and nothing else. Sure enough withing days of doing this i started getting spammed from all sorts of buisineses and scams. The only people who ever had this particular email was Kalypso so they must be selling our personal information to third parties.  It should also be noted that I left that particular email fallow for a month before registering it with Kalypso to see if It would get spammed if I did nothing, It didn't. That was evidence enough for me so I quickly closed it down. I made my findings known and took exeption at what they were doing, I asked Kalypso for a refund which they refused."
76561197999652522,Not Recommended,217690,10048962,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,jeffrey,"Game is ok, but the controls feel like they are from 1996. Also requires some lame Kalypso(sp?) account before you can play.... You  must also agree to some lengthy TOS when you sign up too, and they try to ""opt-in"" spamming you on their mailng list. until they remove that crap I can't recommend buying it on steam."
,Not Recommended,217690,15602015,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,caubert,"This game is absolutely beautiful graphically. The shadows, the feeling. Good graphical design. Audio also is very good. Also story writing. Reading the journal first time was long but very interesting. So storytelling is also good.What this game lacks of is UX-design or User Experience. Seems like Kalypso or whatever company had no money for UX development. Inventory is crap. Searching a pixel on 1920x1080 in darkness is hopeless time waster. Even the inventory items look like crap. And puzzles. This is all the field of User Experience design. And this game does not have it.Still a quick play through so. Don't buy it if you don't like clumsy UI-s."
,Recommended,217690,7778574,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,JacquesLeSauve,"Plagued by a sudden and insatiable urge to investigate a mysterious, far away sawmill in a remote, Italian countryside, a man tries to uncover the source of his fevered visions and sense of familiarity with a place he has no recollection of ever visiting, despite evidence to the contrary. His search leads him to unearth a gruesome history of the abandoned dwelling and its past inhabitants, and in particular to the story of Anna, a woman who seems to somehow be at the heart of it all. But to what end?A first person horror game set almost entirely within a single, modestly sized building, players are tasked with solving puzzles to both progress exploration and to reveal the story related to each room and/or the part the items involved in each puzzle played in past events. But the deeper you delve into the mystery, the more your sanity and reality are called into question as the world begins to change around you and conspire against your efforts. Presentation is stunning as the visuals, sound and overall design are the beating heart around which this games revolves and reason enough to play it through from start to finish.UI is largely intuitive but can confound on occasion as there's no explanation of its more intricate workings necessary for fully uncovering the story. In fact, that probably also sums up just about every aspect of the gameplay here. Satisfying and frustrating in equal measure, for every part of the game that there is to enjoy, there's also as many flaws as the puzzles and story become increasingly convoluted towards its conclusion. Since quite a few of the puzzles are based around performing rites and rituals, it means the player has no natural process of logic or intelligence to apply to the solution, but instead must pick up on the clues or directions provided by the game, which at times can prove annoyingly obtuse.But don't let that stop you. Despite its shortcomings (one of the biggest of which is the unneccesary DRM which requires that you create an account with Kalypso Media in order to run the game. A process that feels incredibly archaic at this stage in our chosen pastime), that still doesn't stop it from being a worthwhile and gratifying experience, for nothing else if not for providing one of the singular most startling scares I've had in a game to date (mind how you go in the artisan room!). Anna - Extended Edition also includes the original game released prior to the free update which overhauled a massive amount of the game to include a myriad of new content and greatly expands upon the story and its surrounding lore. In comparion, the extended edition makes the original seem like a skeleton without its flesh and really should only be played after finishing the latest version just to see how far the game has come and how much effort developer Dreampainters went to in order to craft an experience that stays with you long after the credits have finished rolling."
76561198041552449,Not Recommended,217690,8597630,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Vareness,"First thing to note: This game requires you to input a CD key and create an account before being able to login and play. You have to login each time to play the game through their launcher. DRM is NOT COOL.This is a tough game to review. I liked the atmosphere of the game, for the most part, and I liked the general direction of the storyline...even though it has problems...but ultimately the mechanics and ""puzzleness"" of the game hurts it for me. There are a lot of little sloppy things, or some poor design choices, that make the game difficult to enjoy, but not impossible to play through. I recommend playing through the game at least one time for the 2-4 hours of interesting experience (it is a bit unique from many games in its genre), but unless you're achievement farming it'll have little to no replay value.After about an hour and a half of playtime I decided I couldn't stand the random item/puzzle hunt and looked up a guide (there is a very good one for the extended edition on Steam, btw). Even using the guide, I still don't understand why I had half the items in my inventory at the end of the game. At one point I had upwards of 20+ items in my inventory, most of which I either never used or didn't know where to use. After finishing the game I looked up other comments and guides and it seems there are just a lot of pointless items in the game thrown in there as red herrings. I really dislike games that do things like this, so it's difficult for me to enjoy it after playing the similar, and MUCH BETTER, survival-horror game,Amnesia: The Dark Descent. If you are really into the idea of a horror puzzle game where it gives you little to no help/clues, then this would be a great game for you.For a horror game, I didn't find it particularly scary. Most of it was ""creepy noises to the sides/behind you and you can't figure out their source!"" or ""something appeared next to me! JUMP OUT OF MY SEAT!"" It wasn't even scary.It was always the same mannequin-lady (I presume to be ""Anna""?) following me around doing the same set of 5-6 poses the entire game. There was 1 moment where a flying mask surprised me a little, but that's about it.The art of this game was pretty subpar which hurt my ability to get ""sucked into"" the atmosphere of the game. Maybe I'm being picky about this, but subpar or bad graphics in a horror game can ruin my experience. The music was pretty good, but the animation felt blocky and choppy a lot of the time.As far as the story of this game, I'm left pretty confused. It has an interesting storyline...if it were fleshed out more. Don't read my spoiler if you plan on looking into this game at all. I completely give away the entire game's plot as well as my problems with it, which would defeat the point of you exploring the game for yourself!The premise of this game, as far as I understand it, is that there is a married guy who becomes obsessed/falls in love with a statue of a goddess (who is supposed to be Mary? or an ancient ""Goddess""? who the guy names Anna? or is actually named Anna? I am so confused about how to interpret her). He more-or-less turns into a cultist and worships Anna/the statue. His wife realizes he's going crazy and destroys the statue. He goes psycho-mode on her and murders her and their two sons (who might be named Castor and Pollux? Lots of references to Greek mythology with them). I can't tell if he loses his memory because of his guilt, or if he just goes so far off the deep end in his cult-worship of Anna that he loses it completely, but...whatever the case is, he regains his sanity and becomes a professor. He starts having crazy dreams and stuff and decides he HAS to visit this cabin (where the game takes place) to discover what is ""calling"" to him.There are 8 different endings to this game, but they can be broken down into 3 categories: You get kicked out/Leave the house, You go insane and ""die,"" You discover that you are a murderer and decide that you *must* live for/die for Anna stuck in a cave beneath the house (where you find her statue as well as ""mannequins"" representing the two sons you murdered). I don't particularly care for most of the endings except the ""full"" ending (going nuts and choosing to die, spending eternity with, the statue/the mannequin sons), which really doesn't help explain/answer some of the questions throughout the game. Who exactly is Anna? Does your character care at all about his wife whom he murdered & apparently chooses not to spend eternity with (choosing Anna over her)? Why are there constant ""moon"" and other Greek mythological references--is Anna supposed to be an interpretation of Diana?Is your character crazy at the end, or so truly grief-stricken by his actions that he can't help but stay in the cave, atoning for what he's done until he dies of starvation/dehydration/asphyxiation?There are many, many more questions the game doesn't bother answering. The game developer says they want the player to interpret the story, which I would be fine with, if they didn't throw so much information at me that I am completely unable to create my own version of what happened due to too many loose ends..."
,Not Recommended,217690,15745802,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,SchizoBeaver,"This game's developers are absolute garbage.  I have to verify my email account through them before I can play this game, and even though I have requested the email several times, I haven't received anything after 24 hours.  So, I apply using a different email, and would you look at that, I finally got the verification email.  I click verify, go to sign in to their game with my new email, and it won't let me because my game key is bound to my other email address that they won't send a verification email to.  I have emailed their ""support"" address about this issue several times over the last couple days, and I have not heard a single thing back from them since.  Absolute trash."
,Not Recommended,217690,24398284,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Flávio,"Could be a good game, but it's just an annoying point and click fest, most of the time you'll feel like exploring every inch of the given map to find all the needed items, and then just trying to use'em in every interactable place... but that's just the nutshell of how bad it is, my main concerns are:1. HORRIBLE CONTROLS, one of the worst I've ever seen, the camera is worst than if you were drunk playing anything else, pretty bad menu interaction, no shortcuts, just awful.2. Pretty bad programmed game, just happens that my pc is good enough to run way better graphics games, but on this one it simply lags for no reason, and I doubt the devs will do anything about it since its problably just a dead game in their hands by now, and no, I don't wanna waste hours of my time to solve a problem that shouldn't be my own, devs should be concerned about it, not me/us.3. Talking about the point and click fest, it sounds so random, you do wanna try to use your head and think how the puzzles should be solved, but no, you better just try most of the things randomly, or you WILL get stuck, just in the 2nd part of the game (this isn't a spoiler at all, it's a pretty short example) when I entered the house, you are supposed to remove a stuck knife's blade out of a table (among other things), so, I have a bunch of objects I collected that I have no idea where they gonna work at all, I have an axe, a huge blade, blablabla, no, they won't remove the knife's blade from the table, but the TREE BRENCH that I got earlier, of course, THIS ONE removes the knife's blade.... that was enough for me, you see? you want to use your head, but you better just randomly try every object you got, oh and be sure to look in every corner, every small inch, because if you missed something, you can be stuck having no idea what to do, no fun at all, I'm sorry, and if you wanna know, I love puzzle games, and I played alot of'em, Zelda, Penumbra, Amnesia, Resident Evil, any puzzle game you guess, is 10x better than this one."
76561197970352902,Not Recommended,217690,28912735,Posted: 1 January,all,P90RUL0R,You simply cannot play this game without registering via e-mail. That's terrible and unforgivable. I regret I ever gave them some money.
76561198057652834,Not Recommended,217690,20338551,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Omega Keiichi,"When I first got this in 2013, my laptop could not handle it. I got a new PC recently, so I wanted to try to run it again. The game demanded I get an account on their website, which was annoying. What was worse is that the game claimed the product key couldn't be used again, so I can't even open the game. Be wary of this game.EDIT: I tried to get a refund and was denied. Went to their website, and there is nothing about this game on it. I guess I am just screwed over $5."
76561198000078066,Not Recommended,217690,9508061,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Apotheosic,"Full disclaimer: I did not finish this game. I really really really wanted to like this game. Really truly. However it has some really serious flaws that made me want to stop playing. So I did.First off, the atmosphere and ambiance in this game are phenomenal. It is very immersive and beautiful to look at. The sound design is smart, the visuals are stunning. The way in which the story is told is very nice, very intriguing, and really weaves an interesting world for the player. The horror is excellent. Very few games have made me jump and just physically react like some of the scares in this game have.However, despite all it has in it's favor, it has some serious issues that make actually playing the game exceptionally frustrating. Perhaps the biggest offender, and probably what gets harped on the most, is how completely obtuse and irrationally difficult many of the puzzles are. You will carry items around with you for most of the game without ever having a use for them. Your inventory will be so waterlogged with pointless items that you'll find yourself trying every possible combination of items on a puzzle, no matter how illogical, and when you finally think you've got a solution that makes sense, the game says no, that's not the right answer, continue scavenging every square inch of the house for that one item you missed in a dark corner. Additionally, death is very unforgiving. Granted I got through half the game without dying, but when you do, you get the bad ending, and if you want to continue have to go back to your last (manual) save. You do not make a game with perma-death and no checkpoints, this is not 1995, I don't want to sound entitled but I really do feel like that is just basic game design common sense. And on the topic of death, every time you see a scary event, you lose health. This might be okay if there were more ways to restore your health, but there are not. And in a horror game, you kind of want to check out all the scary things. I mean, they're some of the strongest design points of the game, I'd be loathe to run away from any of them. But no, they damage you, and lead to death, so you should avoid these smart well-made scenes that really make the game experience.This game had so much potential. I am very disappointed that it didn't live up to it.4/10"
76561198261972637,Recommended,217690,29108150,Posted: 7 January,all,Tunnel,"Apparently, Anna has mixed reviews, and I totally understand why. It has major flaws, which may be repulsive for a lot of people. To be honest, I gave up my first attempt of this game after trying to like it for an hour or so. The unbearable defects that are commonly complained about in the negative reviews of this game: lagged visual movements (poor optimization), ugly UI, and the awkward control. On the other hand, despite the incompetence in those aspects, this game is outstanding in my opinion.The soul of Anna as a game, is undoubtedly its story. Our nameless protagonist, an archeologist, is haunted by reoccuring dreams and déjà vu of a fenced sawmill located in the depths of a mountainous region in Italy, and a woman who seems to have a mysterious bond with him, called Anna. In his last dream, he finally finds himself inside the fence, and feels the presence of Anna ever closer, awaiting in that very house. A tragedy about love and madness, is to be unveiled.Just like how the protagonist is enchanted by Anna and keeps returning to the mill in his dreams, I somehow returned to the game several times in the span of one year and I finally had the patience to play it through. I must admit, it was definitely worthy.To be clear, Anna is a story-based, atmospheric puzzle game featuring psychological horror.Aesthetically, this game is great. When I was outside the house, it was lively and colorful. Once I stepped inside the house, it became gloomy and depressive. As I ventured deeper, the scene grew even more gruesome and macabre. The background music and sound effects of the game are executed perfectly and make significant contribution to the atmosphere. The chirps of the birds, the chatter of the brook, the rustles of the leaves outside the mill, and the creaks of the doors and the floor, the whispers of the ghosts inside the house, combined to be one of the most unforgettable immersion that I had ever experienced in a game.There're lots of reading in this game as well, from the protagonist's personal journal to books about fairy tales and cult rituals, varying from two or three pages to more than ten. Some people may find it tedious to read so much in a game but I enjoy it most of the time. The stories and lores in this game are actually interesting and well-written, and sometimes they're related to the puzzles you'll need to solve.The puzzles in this games are generally vague and abstract, which makes sense as most of them involve ritual procedures or cult traditions. It may take you plenty of time trying to figure out the correct combination of items and wondering what to do next. I'm kind of regretful for resorting to a walkthrough late in the game becuase I had been concentrating for so long that my brain probably became fatigue, which broke the immersion and reduced the sense of achievement each time I solved a puzzle.The game has 8 different endings so there's some replayability if you wanna try them out. It took me 5 hours to finish my first complete playthrough (assisted by a guide in the fifth hour). It's better to beat the game within one or to days to get a more continuous experience.Overall, Anna is not for everyone, especially the ones who don't care much for the story in a game and those who are just looking for a casual game to kill some time.That's about all I have to say. Anna you're flawed, yet you're beautiful in many other ways."
,Recommended,217690,15758451,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Isador,A wonderful story. Such is today no longer see.The game is quite enjoyable just the difficulty of the puzzles are somewhat exaggerated.I recommend the game only if you love adventure and discovering the story piece by piece.
,Not Recommended,217690,1568777,"Posted: 29 September, 2012",all,Tundra Scorpion,"*Final review*After completing Anna, I find myself to be... Rather disappointed. It is just too short, and only on the second stage of the game do the puzzles devolve from clever methods to open a door to completely random rituals that will have the player constantly guessing about where the hell are they supposed to go, eventually either swallowing their pride and searching up a walkthrough or getting frustrated to the point where they burst a blood vessel.However, there are redeeming qualities. As I've mentioned before the game has some pretty heart-stopping scares, and the music is quite beautiful and complements the setting perfectly.In the end, Anna just doesn't seem worthwhile. Probably best to give this one a miss.*UPDATE*I am well aware that the developers have updated Anna to the ""Extended Edition"". I've looked into it and this edition still suffers from the same flaws: Puzzles are still completely random, the game is still disappointingly short and the story is still flawed. All they added was a few new rooms and one or two new scares. Whoop-de-freakin'-doo."
,Not Recommended,217690,31983336,Posted: 26 May,all,B9king,"Here is my first expirience with the game:I launched it and then waited for the first time set up to finish fully, pretty standard♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then I got a notification for the CD-Key. I figured hell I don't need that its most likely just some♥♥♥♥♥♥they give you that never gets used like half the games on this platform.So I choose my graphics and resolution settings, the game starts to launch.... and then a pop up comes and ask me for the key. I tab out and grab it and paste it in. I then figure that that would be it and I could then play the game. I must be one niave ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because right after that it asked me to create an account. Now never would I have thought that a company would be so paranoid about piracy that they would not only require a key, but require you to register a ♥♥♥♥ing account for a single player horror game.I input my email to creat the account, and then get an error message saying ""you already have an account."" I then hit forgot password, it said we have sent an email to_________@gmail.com. Waited about an hour and finally got an email that looked sketchy as ♥♥♥♥ and led me to an equally sketchy site that was literally a gray box on a blank background with my email and a place to input a new password.The game finally starts and I am greeted with a piercingly loud soundtrack on the main menu. I go to options and attempt to turn down the music (the only ♥♥♥♥ing volume setting there is), and I notice someting even when I place it all the way down it doesn't change♥♥♥♥♥♥about the menu music. There is also no option to put it in full screen that I could see, and really only very basic graphics options.Once I got into it, I was immediately underwhelmed. I went in a tad annoyed and left♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. The game doesn't explain the mechanics well if at all, and really likes to bug out terribly. For instance I had to restart the game twice as the little door below the stairs refused to open, then my inventory quit opening.  I then found the crouch key by accident, and was then stuck crouching as regardless of how much I ♥♥♥♥ing mashed that key, it refused to return me to a standing position.I later found out the only way to get my inventory to open and close again was to tab out and back in.Honestly, after the sound cut and stopped working I gave up and decided to say ♥♥♥♥ it. Never before have I had to log into a single player game every single time I launch it, or have been blinded by the brightness of a game (if you want to simulate the brightness and glare of this game, get incredibly drunk and then sober up and get ungodly hungover and walk outside and stare at a freshly polished piece of aluminum that is directly reflecting the noon sun).♥♥♥♥ sake, I don't understand why they would put this much DRM into a buggy and terribly built game, I wouldn't blow the 20 minutes it would take to pirate this game, and I sure as ♥♥♥♥ wouldn't have bought it back when I did if I would have known that this was buggier than ♥♥♥♥ing Manhunt.1/10 I could never truly recommend this, I don't care if there is some deep story or lore to it, I couldn't give an absolute ♥♥♥♥ less."
76561198057994640,Not Recommended,217690,9130138,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Doctor Octagonapus,"Anna is a wonderful looking game that has a lot of potential, however the developers haven’t seem to fix its many problems. The game at the moment is pretty much unplayable due to the horrid lag you get from just looking around and enabling Vsync doesn’t do anything. Another issue with this game is something that has come up recently which is when you try to launch the game it asks you whether you want it windowed or not and the resolution and so forth, regardless of those settings the game is determined to make you suffer by ignoring those settings and playing in extremely small window. So as for buying a copy I would recommend that you wait till (if ever) the developers fix its issues. The lag is not only with the mouse in looking around but also moving around as well. Also the developers haven’t fixed anything with the game since I bought it which was like a year or two ago. However if you are a Linux user some of this my not apply to you because that seems to be what they are focused on fixing, but if you are a Windows user your outta luck. Like I said before this game has a lot of potential, the developers  just need to work on it more."
76561198020505922,Not Recommended,217690,11365384,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Egg-Cerberus,"This game was a huge dissapointment to me. I usually like point-and-click games and am also a fan of horror games, so I assumed that Anna would be a great fit. Boy, was I wrong.While the game looks pretty and you can feel that is desperetly tries to have a deep, thrilling story, it fails utterly at it. The story is predictable and one that has been told over and over again, in better and more engaging ways. The ""horror"" is hardly able to amount to slight tension and to top it all off, the music and sound effect is horribly annoying;After 5 minutes in the first room, I  wanted to kill the person I was supposed to be reachingand the looping music was driving me mad.In addition to the bad sound effect/music and a dull story, you have to battle with (often) ridicilous and illogical puzzles and sub-par controls, and to top it all of, you have to log into your kalypso account on startup, of course in addition to being logged on steam.The only good side I can say about this game is that the graphics and lighting are both fine.In conclusion, I would say that taking a walk in a thunderstorm with no umbrella, while having to go to the toilet is slightly more appealing to me than to play this game.Bad storyBad puzzleBad controlsBad launcerBad experince[/b][/list]"
,Not Recommended,217690,18373705,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Fart of Presto,Forcing you to register an account at the developer/publisher to play a single player game is just plain stupid.At least the game had cards.
,Not Recommended,217690,24990685,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,DeadnCryin,"this game started good , but just after getting inside the house its starts to be annoying in every aspect.-walking is annoying. not smooth at all, too slow, you keep walking into furniture.- you can turn the music down but thats it. no audio control.-flash light keeps turning to the right when you get closer to objects.-the game light system is ugly. bright stuff are too bright and dark stuff are too dark.-sounds are ugly and repetative. doors, closets, drawers all share the same audio file.-inventory system is one of the worst.  opening the inventory, picking an item then closing the inventory those 3 simple steps will take you longer then they should be.-the story is just ( trying too much ) went from simple to complicated to just please end.-this is one ugly unity engine.-and after all this lol this game have a 3ed party DRM register with email and password.buy it only if you are an adventure horror fan and if its under 3 euros."
,Recommended,217690,12491175,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Alex,"This review will be about Anna - Extended Edition. I also played the original version tho im not going to say anything about it. I mean why play the old version when you can play the updated and polished one?Story8/10The story revolves around a man with amnesia who dreams about an old sawmill in the mountains and a woman he can't forgot - Anna. To find his lost memories, the reason why he lost them and the true identity of Anna, he finds himself at this place again. In order to do so, he's got to solve misterys/puzzles and keep his sanity while witnessing a lot of supernatural phenomena to get his way through all the rooms in the sawmill to eventually find out the truth.Everything will be told to you through voices you hear throughout the game, books you'll find and read, notes the protagonist will make about certain things and with your own intuition. The Extended Edition has 8 different endings which i'll not put on display here so don't worry about spoilers.I enjoyed playing this game while discovering all the different endings and making conclusions on what exactly happend there. The story is not made that easy so you don't get bored after the first time playing it because you already know whats going to happen, but also not that difficult that you can#t understand everything. You will have a great time playing this gem if you pay attention and take your time to read certain books/notes you find throughout the game, because this game is certainly not something you can rush through and expect to understand everything. I enjoyed the story and everything around it and can only recommend it.Gameplay9/10You see everything from the 1st person view, you have to explore the area and find clues and objects to solve puzzles/riddles in order to progress in the story(If you played something like Amnesia you will have a better image of what i mean). Theres no healthbar in the game so you basically can't die, but theres a bar that shows you your sanity.Meaning if you witness to many harmfull events, the game will end with a rather unsatisfying ending, depending on how far you got.[/i]the gameplay is easy to understand so nothing really there to confuse you. The only thing i would have to mention is that in the beginning the controls might feel a bit off when you are trying to use the objects you found and when you are trying to interact with your enviroment, but that will go away after playing for a bit so no serious problem. Only bad thing i would have to mention is that sometimes the phenomena you witness are bugged. Well leaving the 2 buggs i witnessed aside the game has a solid, simple gameplay.Sound6/10Dialogs are voiced really good, everything is easy understandable and just fits the situations. Backgroundmusic and sound effects are not especially good or bad. The game also features different background music while exploring the sawmill.Overall the music,dialogs sound effects are good. Nothing special that will be stuck in your head but im not going to use that as a negative point for the game. What i really didn't like is that you can easily notice when something is going to happen, because most of the time theres a change in music slightly before something happens. Personally i think that is the worst thing about this game since it takes away the fear, which..well.. should be in a horror gameConclusion7/10Taking everything into account im giving this game a 7 out of 10. The story is enjoyable and interesting enough to make you feel like you want to know everything and get all the different endings to find the real truth. Gameplaywise there isn't much innovation but also nothing really bad to say about it.All in all i had a great time playing this game, playing it multiple times to learn more about Anna and her story. Some of the phenomena scared me for good the first time and some of them even for the second and third time :D. I can really recommend this game for people who like horror point&click adventure games. But don't expect the great horror, if you do, choose something else because this game is focused more on revealing the good story with some nice scare-jumps to push up the mood of the game a bit."
,Not Recommended,217690,15876033,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,bloomtodecay,* Product Key already in use *Cannot have access to my own copy of the game.
,Recommended,217690,7796938,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,FadedTeleTubby,"You likely won’t find yourself screaming for your mother, but you may have a couple of disturbing dreams afterward. The game offers a strong storyline which will satisfy the more curious players through repeated playthroughs, but has a simple ending for those who don’t want to spend time with the more obtuse puzzles."
,Recommended,217690,31853910,Posted: 19 May,all,WTBHTL?,"I liked Anna because of the atmosphere. The music, the (small) setting, the stories and lore woven into the puzzles all blend together to make this game something compelling and interesting."
,Recommended,217690,10056530,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Anna: Extended Edition represents the natural maturation of Dreampainters debut title. Italian developers corrected the most bitter points of their previous work in order to create a deep and complete game, an homage at the same time to the never-dying adventure game genre and to the most deep and sick horror.Anna Extended Edition has brand new accessible puzzles, a larger area to explore and stronger narrative material. Its so much richer compared to the standard edition that even those who have already finished the original game will find many good reasons for a second play through.In this Extended Edition Dreampainters has given a more professional look to Anna. Now the Italian adventure is also less cryptic and more understandable, although many plot points are still unclear and some puzzles must be solved again with a lot of trial & error.Anna Extended Edition improves the basic title from every point of view. The game is one of the best Horror Adventure available on the market."
,Not Recommended,217690,11855521,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,AlienBug,"I definitely don't recommend this game. The graphics,controls and lighting are really bad. its really glitchy. the solutions to the puzzles dont make sense."
,Not Recommended,217690,13498097,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mithras O_+,"Pros:>Lighting>Graphics>Sound>Interesting storyCons:> Not really scary> Have to sign up and register to makers of the game to play it.> Can be very confusing at times.> Inventory interface is lackingAll in all story is ok-ish but it has been done before, game looks great but just seems boring to me. The puzzles can really cause ""WTF?"" moments.Id reccomend it to those who are hardcore fans of this point and click horror genre but if you are not id give it a pass.You are not really missing much.4/10"
76561198038045887,Recommended,217690,16671057,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,dark.matter.kid,"This is a game with an awful lot of problems.First off, you need to sign up for a Kalypso acount. I don't think anything else needs to be said; if we already have steam, we should not have to sign up for third party DRM systems.The other major problem is that unlike Amnesia, Portal and the Talos Principle the puzzels aren't intuative at all; I strongly advise against playing the regular edition due to the shear insanity of the puzzel logic and this is the area where I think the EE makes the most improvments.Despite that there's something special about the atmosphere of the game that keeps me coming back and the music is truely wonderful in my opinion. While Anna can't quite match the dread instilled by Amnesia and Alein isolation it is capable of some scary moments; one mid game encounter never fails to make me jump, i think you'll know what I mean when it happens.So despite the problems I am prepared to reccomend Anna EE, though i can't blame you if you try for a refund on it."
76561198048974498,Not Recommended,217690,8029897,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,rjmacready,"Hmmm...I dunno. I really, really don't know.It's got a good setting for a horror game, and a lot of creepy ideas...but somehow, just isn't that spooky. And the pace at which your character walks around is AGGRAVATING, especially in all those long, winding tunnels at the end.And the scenery isn't anywhere near as spectacular as the similarly-paced and similarly-themed Dear Esther, and nor is the story as intriguing, so...it's all a step in some kind of ""right"" direction, but just never seems to quite reach its intended destination. Which is...a poignant, slightly disturbing ending? Again, not quite. But its heart is definitely in the right place.Maybe the ""Extended Edition"", which I've yet to play, will rectify some of the shortcomings (including, one hopes, all those typically obscure ""adventure"" game puzzles which don't necessarily make much sense, even once you've bluffed your way through by humouring every remotely viable solution you can think of)! And I do look forward to the next release by Dreampainters, 'cause the intent is all here...just not the execution.Better luck next time.Verdict: 4.5/10."
76561197999793755,Recommended,217690,27512797,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Laika,"This may have mixed reviews, and quite frankly I do understand why. However, I found this game to be captivating and beautiful and so utterly perplexing that I just cannot help but love the thing. Maybe it is the crazy Alice in me who laughs at the chaos others find so distressing. I would recommend for the hair raising storyline and haunting soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,217690,13676330,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The Eater of Dreams,"It`s really a mess, but a very pretty mess with some very scary moments. Things never really come together and the puzzles are sloppy and poorly constructed, leading to wandering and frustration which sucks the horror out of what could have been deeply unsettling. I liked the atmosphere and uniquely creepy happenings, but eventually hit a point where I didn`t care about solving things myself anymore and just wanted to see the ending. It might scratch your itch if you`re running out of horror games to play, but it could have been much, much better. I can recommend this loosely for scaring me a few times, but overall can`t suggest it for anyone but the most hardcore horror lovers."
76561197976255832,Not Recommended,217690,711991,"Posted: 26 September, 2012",all,UberDAHnooB,"There is a movie called ""Lady in the water"".  Sometimes when I can't sleep, I will throw that movie on and I will knock out before the opening credits start.  I think I found my new sleeping aid.This game is crap.  The controls are clunky, it is in the horror genre but is not scary in the least.  The sound bytes for doors opening/moving wood around need to be lengthened because the loop is too short.  Opening a door once makes the same creaking sound about 3 times before finishing.  The graphics look ""nice"" but nothing to call home to mom about and the whole story line is just...not interesting.I played for about 20 minutes before breaking out the walkthrough just to get it over with quickly.Also...whats with the DRM?  The game costs $9.  Why did I have to create an account on some site just to start it up?"
,Not Recommended,217690,12363852,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,NickKnack,"I'm a little torn with this game. When I saw the preview I said, ""YES! This looks like some really freaky horror s***!"" But when I played it, My first reaction was one of ""... Huh... That was a thing, that happened...""To be perfectly honest, I'm not entirely dissapointed with the game, but I feel like during the development somebody forgot to ask, ""Hey, I get that we're working on a horror game but... where exactly is the conciquence?"" Don't get me wrong, some legitimately freaky stuff goes on but, it felt more like I was in one of those Haunted House attractions more than playing an actual game. Now I can defend something like Dear Esther utilizing a minimalistic game approach because there was an interesting story woven into the visuals being presented to the player, but this game doesn't seem to really have a story minus ""Demons in a shack... maybe?""I guess it's supposed to be like a 1st person 3D Point-and-click Puzzle adventure, but even then there is a lot of context missing from the puzzles, hell I spent almost an hour trying to figure out how to get into the cottege. If it's on sale and you want a short-lived horror experience then sure, pick it up. Otherwise, it's just kind of ""blah"" as far as horror games go."
76561198011993105,Not Recommended,217690,12746528,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Salamander,"Very Short and BuggySo, the game itself was good and it had a decent story. However, it was very short and unplayable. Allow me to explain.A vast majority of all players experienced the dreadful graphics glitches as soon as you enter the house. It was technicially playable, but it would near cripple my 8 core CPU gaming rig...I'm not sure if this was ever fixed, but I know I waited 3 months and never got a patch. There was a workaround, but it's not what you think.The extended edition also includes the option to play the original Anna. This version did NOT have the house bug, but it was almost like playing a different game! The interface, story, and puzzles were very different and had an unpolished feel to it.So, basically, I never actuallyfinishedthe extended edition..."
,Not Recommended,217690,16766300,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Wight,The game is creepy and okay to look at (when the graphics are working properly).   I didn't think too much of the plot and the puzzles are a mixture of 'find small object in dark room' and 'do non-obvious stuff based on what you read in books that can be found in dark rooms where you might not notice them'.   Some people like 'hidden object' gameplay but I'm not much of a fan.More to the point; it's quite glitchy.   I had to run on a low-resolution windowed more because otherwise the screen would start flashing and eventually white out completely.
,Not Recommended,217690,16288953,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Gorpie,"This game... wasn't for me. A strong start that soon descended into obtuse puzzles with easy to miss objects due to the dim lighting. There are a number of different endings which may be a bonus to some people but it did lead me to a rather confusing conclusion that I didn't entirely understand at first without reviewing the other endings.Also, the horror elements are interesting at first but don't seem to have any real 'threat' so become meaningless as soon as you realise this.There were a lot of things I liked about this game but unfortunately it didn't quite gel cohesively in my opinion."
76561198027817984,Recommended,217690,17478339,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Anasazi,"This is honestly one of my favorite games in a way. It is such a haunting and engaging tale. There are reviews complaining about the inventory or whatever, but honestly, I have had no issue with the inventory or never felt like I had to ""pixel hunt"". Just be observant and think outside the box. I have played through this game 3 times for the different endings and simply to experience it again. It is an amazing game that is clearly not for everyone. If your complaining about the ""UI"" and can’t enjoy the game for what it is based upon the fact that they spent their budget on the AMAZING soundtrack or gameplay instead of the UI (that isn’t actually bad in the first place) then you should go play a game that cost half a billion dollars to produce like Destiny and leave real game lovers to enjoy an incredible experience that can really stick with you if you let it. I love this game and would rather pay 9.99 then 59.99 for a game with a great UI but no real substance. Plus you support indie artist who are trying to make great games that don’t have endless DLC's or any other form of money grab.9.5/10 for damn sure"
76561197993270139,Recommended,217690,20518462,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SilverBlade,Great game! Just disconnect from internet while launching to bypass Kalypso DRM.
,Recommended,217690,22929029,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Observer (2),A weird but interesting story filled with many puzzles that have to be completed in order to continue. There is also more than one ending which can leave you wondering what happened exactly.5/10
,Recommended,217690,17065466,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ocean&Space,"Jesus. I don't even know why I bought that game, I don't like horror games/movies.Anyway, this is more horror in the sense of 'damn, but that guy has one hell of a screw lose', rather that horror as in 'omg, I'm going to die!!' To be honest, it feels more realistic, since people are more capable of one time horrors, rather than going on killing spree with a hook/chainsaw/...I don't regret playing it, though. It's interesting, and easier to concentrate on the storyline, when you know you're not in danger of dying. And the mix of supernatural/superstitions is really fascinating.On the ++++ size: the musics are absolutely magnificent.On the -- hand: the puzzle sometimes have no sense/are not intuitive. To be honest, I finished the game with the Steam guide, because I wanted to get it done and know the ending.(fun fact: it took me to more than half-way through the game to realize that I was playing a male character and not a female xD )"
76561198059760652,Not Recommended,217690,9400336,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,j.r.dutka,"The games looks o.k., the sound design is great and the puzzles require a little bit of thinking but are interesting and satisfying to solve.Can I recommend it?  NO.  The Mac version is completely broken on every level.  The graphics glitch, the frame rate the terrible and it locks up if you zoom in on something.  This should not be for sale because any Mac user at the very least is buying an unplayable game.I will never purchase another game by these devellopers because this was released ages ago and they clearly don't care enough about their customers to bother fixing all the bugs."
,Not Recommended,217690,29977872,Posted: 16 February,all,Possum,"The game is interesting, I'll give it that.  Definitely great in the creep factor, but this game is not something you can play without watching a playthrough or reading a guide, and that really annoys me.  I should be able to figure some things out, but that's not really an option for this game.  There are several different endings and I've seen one and was able to achieve another, but I was left thinking, ""That's it? I spent all this time for this to be the way the game ends?"" So I didn't really feel like I achieved anything other than finally reaching an end to it.  The controls are laggy as well.  I might give it another shot to explore other endings, but I wouldn't really recommend this."
,Recommended,217690,33063822,Posted: 30 June,all,Garstrum,"Loved this game, the atmosphere and music were great, and they did a good job of cultivating an atmosphere of dread, while also giving you breaks from it. Some of the puzzles were a little iffy on the logic, i.e. how would I have know to do that, but if you get too stuck, just look at a guide to keep things moving. Great game to play on a saturday night, can be finished in one or two sittings."
,Not Recommended,217690,25318422,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Station Earth,"After putting the game off for a little while due to the fact that I just wasn't feeling up to it to play it, I decided to come back to it to finally continue the game. Unfortunately lots has changed with the game including the unfortunate DRM method in order to play it. This being said the game (through my personal experience) isn't TOO bad though I have little say in it as for I only progressed so far until I decided to take said break. The first room is already cryptic enough in terms of puzzles but the atmosphere does a good job with the dark and creepy vibe. One thing I will say though is that you will find yourself looking at walkthroughs if your puzzle solving skills are not 110% which is one of the reasons why I do not recommend it.But the MAIN reason why I can't recommend this is because the moment you decide to put it off like me, you may suffer the same fate as the game will decide to render itself unplayable. The CD key is, you guessed it, one time use. And guess what? So is the email account! What a joke. There's no way at least to my knowledge that you can re-activate an already registered account. The server itself most likely erases your account due to inactivity which I can understand but at the same time lock you out of the game possibly forever.I was looking forward to coming back to this beautiful horror game but unfortunately the ""best new changes!"" doesn't like people who take breaks.Overall it's a nice little horror game but don't pick it up UNLESS you're sure you'll be dedicated to finishing it without putting it off for a few weeks!"
76561198042304630,Recommended,217690,28086952,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,aeroprism,"Just finished this, a solid 7 hours of play.  Nice game really. For the price, go for it, don't look back.PROS:The mood is excellent, very easy to sink into.The musical soundtrack is amazing.  Really.The first half of the game has very fun puzzles and you will need to stop and think.The story is engaging and the lore and documents you find bring a lot to the mood.The graphics are just great, really nicely done.CONS:The second half of the game. That's it. Many aspects that were good prior to that point suddenly take a drop:The narrative becomes confusing, it's hard to reach a definite conclusion.Some of the puzzles become... how can I say... not hard but simply senseless. Some I solved by pure chance.ALSO:You can't die. This eventually removes all the fright potential from the game, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Instead of being scary, this game is unsettling.  Really, bloody unsettling.9/10 - Would worship Anna again."
76561198055431037,Recommended,217690,17519469,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,MrFuzz,"10/10 the best Horror game ive ever played. The Tone is unbelievable. The music is Masterful. The puzzles are amazing. Lets slow down and look at it slowly. Anylizing what we can at a slow rate. The beginning you are outside of the house. An experience i absolutely LOOOVE!! The feeling that i had when i first saw the absolutely stunning visuals is indescribable. This game gave me the chills to an extreme extent when you go inside. Confusing and daunting. I remember how many times i jumped when i saw something that freaked me out. Too many times. Now looking at this game critically. The puzzles are extremely confusing and sometimes make little to no sense. But its not until you finish the puzzle that you realize it did make some sense. Not enough to say that it was just you being stupid, but enough to make you feel like saying ""Ohhhhh"" A lot. This is the first game. The original, unextended edition. Its got amazing visuals, enough to make me feel like my chest is rising. Never before have i felt the inate need to jump into a world. The Ambiance is unreal, aboslutely the best part of the game.Extended Edition:This is where it starts to fall a little bit. This still has the beautiful and even enhanced graphics of the original, but the puzzles were changed. Making people, like me, who played the original to completion confused and a little upset. But nevertheless understandable, after all this game is definately changed. The original you can sink many hours into, the enhanced you can sink twice or triple that amount into. The ambiance is even better and the sound is sublime!Now the hard part for me. The downsides of this game. The Puzzles. If you played other Puzzle Games this will STILL be a challenge. I love Puzzle Games and this one is definately one of my favorites, but you could have played a million puzzle games, all through to completion and this will still stump you multiple times. The story is confusing so dont expect to understand it fully until replaying the game keeping all the past reasonings in mind. Second this is not User Friendly. The Inventory is just as confusing as the puzzles hell it is an awful inventory. How you may ask? The UI is not pretty on the inventory screen, in general actually, its pretty unfriendly to users. Again, How? Well its one of those inventorys that you need to be really finicky about how ot use things, especially in the Extended edition. Its difficult to explain without using it yourself. I found it wresteling with me every now and then but i worked around it.Finally the best part of the game the reason you should totally get this game!ITS                  JUST                   AWESOME!!!That may seem like a childish response but its true! Again, difficult to explain. The downside to this game that a lot of people need to understand is that it take a LOT of slowing down. You need to take your time with this game. If it was charged for more, i would say save your money unless your a huge fan of Puzzle and Horror games. This game definately warrants 10 bucks. Absolutely. Play one or the other first. Id reccommend the first one first because its shorter and the game is a little easier to understand. Unless you want to dive Headfirst into a game with gorgeous graphics and a downright amazing story (Once you understand it). If nothing else, buy this game for the Soundtrack. Because OH MY LORD!! THE SOUNDTRACK IS ABSOLUTELY ♥♥♥♥♥♥IC!!! I love games with an amazing Soundtrack, and THIS!! THIS is in the top 3 for me!"
,Not Recommended,217690,16806781,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,anarchy,"Not worth the time, the story is average, the graphics are nice, but you aren't going to be scared at all. You are going to be frustrated. This game floods your inventory with crap then expects you to combine items seemingly at random to progress in ways which seem to make no sense.Unless you want a fun few hours of reading a walkthrough to find you were meant to run around gluing magic leaves to walls, play a well made game instead."
76561197995408661,Not Recommended,217690,13605075,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Siloam,"I was raised on puzzle games, growing up with Myst, Adventure Co., and Lovecraft, so I was hopeful about this game. But I must say that it was wholly disappointing and I really had to force myself to finish it. Everything that I will briefly mention is negative, unfortunately.It was not as beautiful as I had hoped, and I found the levels to be mostly dark and ugly. The music was pleasant enough, but often seemed to clash with what was actually occurring. The story itself was very ugly. Be prepared to not only read about but also participate in pagan rituals (and not really have a clear idea of why you’re having to do them). I felt very, very uncomfortable doing these. Finding out who the characters are is the main goal of the game, but there really isn’t any personal connection to the characters, and no real motivation to want to know them. They are just a mystery. The puzzles are ambiguous and I found that it often became an inventory click-fest. The inventory I found to be one of the biggest irritants. There were about three pages of inventory items, half of them red-herrings and dead ends, and I was constantly scrolling back and forth, equipping and unequipping items, and waiting for the game to load while doing so. That became quite tedious, as did having to read and reread the slow-loading item descriptions that may or may not change the second and third time you click on an item. The text itself I found to be the most irritating part of all. Generally I love to go around collecting books and letters. In this game, I cringed every time I found a book, knowing I would have to read it. The books were generally a mash of useless, repetitive, uninteresting words that you nevertheless had to read through to find a recipe for some puzzle. Not only are they in a rather difficult font to read, the attempts at sounding archaic—filtered through a poor translation—were extremely distracting and unpleasant.The one thing I appreciated was the idea of mouse movement being a sort of feedback for the reactions of the player. However, all that means is that looking around when events are happening will get you killed. In other words, whenever something interesting happens, you are supposed to freeze and look at a wall (I guess). That really isn’t fun. Since a sanity meter was never mentioned, to me this just did not make any sense in the context it was used, and I would have appreciated being told why I was dying.I love scary games with great story. I did not find this game to be at all frightening. It was mostly just uncomfortable and I felt no investment in the characters or their progress in the game. I hate to give such a bad review for a genre I really enjoy, but I would suggest avoiding this game, especially if you are not particularly interested in pagan deities, blood rituals, and fertility cults."
,Not Recommended,217690,26100309,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Evaheist,"This game would have absolutely benefited from a Myst-like movement system instead of free walk. The puzzles aren't as illogical as some seem to say but the game performance and vague mechanics are as frustrating as some of the the worst out there.The movement and framerate were so choppy (even on lower settings) that it never felt like I was in total control. The graphics engine needs a lot of polish.The story is actually pretty interesting and I loved some of the atmospheric flourishes like the brooding lighting of the cabin's many rooms.UI is messy and the choppy framerate made it even more of a chore to browse my inventory or find the sweet spot for environmental interacions.All in all, you're better off with the more quality titles that have much higher levels of polish than what you're getting here. The developers here show real promise and I'd check out their next game but as far as Anna:EE goes, I really can't recommend the game to anybody but diehard adventure game fans who have already exhausted everything else in the genre."
76561198014051231,Recommended,217690,27707203,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PumaGTX,"A trilha sonora impecável e sons ambientais de alta qualidade são os pontos forte do jogo, permitindo a imersão no drama vivido pelo protagonista da estória. O jogo é curto, contudo permite diferentes finais, conforme as escolhas feitas pelo gamer. Os sustos são frequentes e as vezes se tem a impressão de que estamos dentro de um filme de terror."
,Not Recommended,217690,498436,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,iwem.xo,"Nonsensical puzzles, really short. Only one good scare. Looks alright, though.If you've seen the trailer, you've seen all the good bits."
76561198073270328,Recommended,217690,21520641,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,One Man and his Droid,"...well presented, well designed, great soundtrack and haunting storyline... all the right elements for a great adventure game... my only criticism is that the puzzles are incredibly convoluted and it's sometimes really difficult to identify what to do / where to look at / what is even clickable... it does lead to a lot of trial and error... still, worthy of your time!"
,Not Recommended,217690,400489,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Jasiri,"You do not want to buy this game.I've not gotten particularly far just yet, but the puzzles I solved are often not logical, tedious (because you go looking for stuff that I didn't consider worthy, well, looking for) and - as a result - annoying. I'm not even certain I would like to continue playing considering just how badly designed some of them were.The game promises suspense, but instead of making me afraid I tried to actively find something that would spook me... alas, I haven't been successful in my endeavours yet, and I don't expect this to change.So either don't listen to me or suffer the consequences. I was curious and so far I have been bitterly disappointed. :("
,Recommended,217690,6183483,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,://sineater,This game scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you after you get upstairs.
76561197968468189,Not Recommended,217690,13777540,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,themooddoom,"This may be heavily subjective but I did find Anna boring on occasion. There was not enough motivation to work through the puzzles and the mystery. If the story even can be called a mystery since I found it pretty straightforward. I am sure there are things to think about, to connect. Anna just didn't help me care. It could be more interesting for witchery enthusiasts :P.I found myself looking at a walkthrough a few times since I couldn't be bothered to waste the time. Some parts of the game can be quite obscure.But there are interesting moments. Some moments of sinister ambiance. It is not completely forgettable.Anna isn't necessarily a bad game. But it's certainly not something I'd want to do again."
,Not Recommended,217690,14301282,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Fluffer,"I was excited because the game had great atmosphere. That quickly went downhill once I realized how clunky the interface and gameplay was, and horribly and illogical the puzzles were."
,Not Recommended,217690,14300480,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Inkajoo,I found it boring.  The writing is poor and the scares are not-so-much.
76561198088213112,Not Recommended,217690,14801935,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,wcc,"The puzzles are quite obscure, the interface is really annoying. Avoid the headache and watch a walkthrough for the story."
,Not Recommended,217690,14340292,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Momentai,"What. The.I'm confused. I don't actually know what the fish I just played.- Charming music, which is good.- Disturbing, creepy, which is good.- Interesting, which is good.- Short, which is not.- Makes no sense.- Buggy hotspots.- Badly optimized LQ graphics.And still, I don't know what was it. 5/10"
76561198077719495,Not Recommended,217690,14857633,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,babydollpinup,Although this game has a creepy tone and many puzzles you may enjoy I found it very long and tedious. The plot is meant to be abstract in my opinion but I stuggled to figure out what exactly had occured even at the end of the game because it was so vague and interprative. If you like creepy spooky stuff and lengthy puzzles go for it and buy it on sale but if not save your money
76561198068985118,Not Recommended,217690,13250842,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Abby Normal,"I tried my damndest to give this game all the tries. For me, the puzzles are way too intricate and require way more work than what I think is necessary. Don't get me wrong, I love difficult puzzle games... But, this game tries to take that stirke zone to a whole different level. Personally, I would not recommend this game. Puzzles make no sense, and even the story line isn't that great. Apologies to anyone who thinks otherwise."
76561198074803677,Not Recommended,217690,13827280,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Blazejpias,"This game dosen't wortk well on Gnu/Linux - Fedora 21. Some thing dosen't wrok as expected: F.E.: i can't examine things, so i'm stick at start. Please, fix that game for Linux users."
,Not Recommended,217690,14427681,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ElementOfDanger,"The premise to Anna looked interesting enough but about half an hour into it I caved in and looked up a walkthrough only to realise that the reason I was not making progress in the game was that I naively expected the puzzles to make sense. To be honest, playing Anna feels like trying to solve a Rubik’s cube when you’re colour-blind. I think most of the puzzles are way too far fetched for the average player and ruin the spookiness of the experience."
,Not Recommended,217690,12091786,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"Another one of those wannabe symbolic adventure experiences that MIGHT work for a lot of people but certainly doesn't for me. To be fair, Anna had a lot of atmosphere and was keeping me on edge and had a huge buildup throughout my experience. Only, that buildup till the end was for nothing and after realizing what the story was about, made me feel empty. Perhaps that was what one was supposed to feel, but it was not to my liking."
76561197982685987,Not Recommended,217690,8221412,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Hazza the Fox,"I feel bad rating down an indie game, but I think it's appropriate in this case.I suppose the best way to describe it is to simply treat it like a sandbox horror and not a puzzle game.Firstly I would like to establish that this game DOES have some VERY good moments (creepy poltergeist moments when you run affoul some of the 'spooks' like the wooden mannequins). But overall the game isn't actually remotely scary at all.That aside, the gameplay is awful. The interface is very clumsty and requires a ridiculous amount of precision. It is supposed to be a 'puzzle' game, but the puzzles are completely nonsensical. There are little to no clues for solving most of them, you just spam trial-and-error with every silly combination of materials until something happens, and then you must repeat it a number of times just to get one puzzle done (and believe me, a lot of the combinations are the most inane and arbitrary you could imagine- like sticking a pinecone into a mirror and lighting it on fire to open a nearby door- and that's the easiest one). Basically, you don't ""Solve"" anything, you're just supposed to ""know the answer"".Furthermore, after playing through the game, you just get the 'bad' ending, because you didn't solve the 'other puzzle'. After watching the solution played on youtube (the guy spent over an hour randomly punching in combinations until they fit together), I decided it wasn't remotely worth it and uninstalled it."
,Not Recommended,217690,8076740,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,ReleaseTheKraken.exe,"I wanted to like Anna, and to a degree I do, but I feel that it tried too hard to be something big.While I did enjoy some of the puzzles, the story, and the atmosphere, the controls and gameplay were creative, but distracting in some areas. Did the game scare me? Sorta. Spooked here and there and having the wood lady suddenly appear next to me did make me jump (not to mention having a few nightmares about her following me). There are some scenes in the game that I feel are just so forced. It tries too hard to be scary to a point it's almost laughable and the gimicks get old. Some points are just plain annoying. Any fear I had just turned is to annoyance and anxiety of having to waddle through several rooms because I missed something and I have to avoid damage.It had potential and it hit some decent marks, but overall it was an experience I could live without."
76561198035054806,Not Recommended,217690,13349199,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,sara_bear,I've never gotten this game working.
,Not Recommended,217690,10137756,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Cle,Worse game EVER. BORING.
,Not Recommended,217690,13511255,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Xaeius,"Anna took me a few tries to really get into. It's alright for what it was going for. I don't know if it was the story or the gameplay that didn't draw me in. But, if you are looking for a game with scares and puzzles, this is for you. However, it isn't for me. I'm not saying it's a bad game, it's just not my cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,217690,11864981,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,AbdullahSuleman,"Haven't even started playing and i dont like it. The first thing they want you to do after you installed the game is sign up for an account, then go into your email and verify account. When i want to play a game i expect to click play and go straight into the game, not sign up for anything. Probably wont end up playing this game at all now."
76561197996524160,Not Recommended,217690,13085009,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Dawkins,"Great game, don't play it.Because you'll run into a horrible design choice that actually gives you a game over equivalent if you lose all your sanity.Of course if you know this you will keep backup saves with decent sanity level, if you don't you are screwed and need to start over the game, of course knowing what to do gives you an advantage now.But really, I need to go back and mechanically do everything again to get back to where I was?Dvmb developer, you could at least divided the game in chapters and let us start from any of them once unlocked."
,Recommended,217690,10811079,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,❤ Jack ❤,Anna is a good game for us!
76561197991333557,Recommended,217690,7355144,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Cnk ' #,Juste énorme !!!
,Recommended,217690,21118554,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,JackE,"The moment i started this game, i was wondering: how could these mountains and such a beautiful landscape possibly scare me? Well, i solved the puzzle, opened the door: OMG OMG LET ME OUT! but sorry, you can't turn back in anna - original.I like the psychological aspect of this game, the way i knew there is no death, there is no losing, and there won't be a monster chasing me, but still i was terrified.I simply recommend this game to whoever that is tired of monster and blood games, and want some horror in a smooth pace."
76561198026080952,Recommended,217690,27900670,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Annika,"One of the most touching horror games I have played, the atmosphere and music is hauntingly beautiful."
76561198013427434,Not Recommended,217690,20617209,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,jay_l_a,"Have to create an Kalypso account to play this game. I've created 2 so far and still can't launch the game. Account checked by logging into their website, then the game login tells me this is an invalid account. Create new account. Can't play game, key already in use. Past caring whether this will even launch. Terrible DRM prevents me from playing a game I paid for."
76561198008559341,Recommended,217690,2512830,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,Omni,"Before I played this game I had no idea how in the world to perform strange, batshit crazy occult rituals.Sometimes I wonder if they were created exactly how I learned how to do them...By acting like a retard and doing random♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,217690,22945118,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Buttayobred,Anna is an adventure with many horror and puzzles aspects. I would recommend the game to anyone with a willingness to enjoy an atmospheric game and not a gore-fest. Top on my horror/thriller list.
76561198000863077,Not Recommended,217690,12113337,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Drigeolf,"I've invested a little less than half an hour into this game after it became abundantly clear that this is not something I can enjoy. I love a good adventure game and after playing Amnesia, I've bought this game -thankfully on a sale- to satisfy my urge for more scary, adventure-y goodness.  Unfortunately I was disappointed.The game starts with asking you to create a Kalypso user account (which is essentially an extra layer of unneccesary DRM); something we don't need nor will probably ever use. It is noted on the Store page for the title however, so buyers beware.In the game, your character moves in a fashion that I could only call unnatural. I don't know if it is due to the FOV or something else, but I felt literally nauseated after playing for 15 minutes. I normally don't get motion sickness from first-person games, especially ones with a relatively slower movement speed, like this one. But since I've spent very little time with the title I can't tell if its a fluke or not.The user interface is horrible. It simply is badly designed, so much so that I had to check if it was a console port or something(It isn't). It is completely counter-intuitive, hard to navigate and use. In an adventure game, this is unacceptable. The options menu is very barebones, it feels like the developers made it as an afterthought, quite reminiscent of a bad port instead of the PC exclusive title that we have.The puzzles are very contrived and illogical(unlike say, Monkey Island, it really doesn't have any redeeming qualities, such as being humorous). By the time I managed to go into the house(you start outside at the beggining) I've already lost my interest in the game.  I don't care  if the game opens up or gets very scary afterwards, I simply didn't see any reason to stick with it any longer.The game looks pretty and it ran on my machine smoothly without any problems. I haven't encountered any bugs. The sound assets used were quite good.All in all, the game might get better later on, for all I know. But I didn't want to struggle with the bad UI and the uninspired puzzles to get to the meat. I uninstalled the title immediately after exiting it. I would recommend the prospective buyer to watch a gameplay video so that they can decide if the problems I report are relevant to them.If you're a fan of the genre, you might want to pick it up at a sale. But I can not, in good conscience, recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,217690,11811653,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,narkius,"This would be a good adventure: thrilling setting, nicely told story, well-placed music and effects. Often enough, i felt scared for a moment or two. But there are two things that annoyed me:- A technical problem, maybe only on Linux, maybe only with Intel IrisPro5200: whenever there is a 'cut-scene' or some kind of fading effect, it takes forever. I literally had to wait for minutes to be able to continue playing. It's even impossible to access the menu to load a save or exit the game.- The sanity meter dropped too fast and the game was over before i could fully explore the house and solve the riddles. Sometimes there was the 'scary' moments when the red eye was flashing a couple of times, but i couldn't run away, because the game held me captive in one of these 'cut-scenes'. I have developed a strong dislike for adventure games where you can lose health but not regain it.Otherwise the game is worth playing."
,Not Recommended,217690,7685061,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,GooseAttack,Stupid third party DRM required.
,Not Recommended,217690,10554631,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,dex,"I honestly don't play a lot of horror games, but when I do I like to hunker down with a friend and get freaked out together and then bond while solving the game. Anna, however, didn't do that. We spent about an hour wandering around trying to figure out how to make things work, then gave up and went to watch a youtube video for a hint. We ended up just watching the youtube videos for the whole game, because none of the puzzles made any sense. A point and click horror game with no sense to the puzzles just ... makes no sense. Instead of bonding through a shared horrifying experience, we bonded over how senseless it was."
,Not Recommended,217690,10815881,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BlacKnight,"The game runs fine on my Windows 8.1 laptop but there is no sound. Also, when exiting the game I have to use Task Manager to close it as the exit menu doesn't work from within the game. I hate how I have to sign in everytime I start the game. So without sound I am not going to play this game. But I only paid $1.99 for it."
76561197991626623,Not Recommended,217690,11776407,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,tyra,"Anna looks nice enough however as far as advernture games go it feels more obtuse than necessary. Pixel hunting isn't fun in a 2d setting and it tends to be worse in a 3d setting. The controls and the way they interact with the world are a bit grating and there is a definite lack of refinement (ex's. I was literally unable to click ""yes"" to exit the game at one point, forced to sit through slowly scrolling text, lack of readily available controller layout options or even an overview of your current control configuration while in the game).In short, I went in thinking I'd get a good spooky adventure game and instead was scared away by the actual ""adventure gameness"" of it."
76561198108138698,Not Recommended,217690,9802137,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,mismatched-ideas,"It's not that I don't like ther game, it's just that I never played it. I tried to play it but it hasn't worked for me yet. The instructions are horrible, actually there aren't really any, so I was really confused at first. I wasn't able to get past the first portion of the game because it wouldn't let me do anything.I really wish I could play the game but so far I've had nothing but 45 minutes of frustration."
76561198121136504,Not Recommended,217690,10078649,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Archie the Magical Rhino,"The Extended Edition just doesn't work. I have to go through the dumb Kalypso launcher, and then the game just crashes on the other end. Although the original edition works perfectly, you are paying for twice as much content as you are promised."
,Not Recommended,217690,3998714,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Nithal,Bad and not very scary.The only good thing about this game would be just how pretty the game's image picture is. Other than that it disapoints as both a psychological and a physical horror game.2/10
76561198114645423,Not Recommended,217690,10732593,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Crazyboy4826,"It has good story and good atmosphere. I really like how it has multiple endings too. However the game is slow (might be my computer) also it gives you no guidence, if I selected an item i didn't need I thought I was stuck because the game never bothered to tell me RMB would unequip an item. The puzzles are also try everything on everything until something happens. i got it on sale and I'm glad I did because it would feel like a waste to buy it at full price. I'm not saying don't get it I'm just saying if you like story and atmosphere get it, but get it on a decent sale if you can."
76561198142236407,Not Recommended,217690,11013221,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ryanpotts12,"anna mendaciously promises its buyers an aura of fear, its claims to be a psychological horror game fall flat within moments of loading the game up, and it never really gets much better. it can be classified more easily as an arrogant first person puzzle solving game. with logically flawed puzzles and very little to be afraid of, this game is not one i would recommend playing."
,Not Recommended,217690,12017314,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,theotherwinchester,"Definitely happy that I didn't pay full price for this.The atmosphere is done really well. There's always a feeling of unease, and when stuff starts happening around you it's pretty insane and unsettling, which is great.However, I feel like without the guides I found online, I wouldn't have been able to figure out a lot of what was supposed to be done because some of the tasks are so convoluted. The story itself isn't that bad, but it i very predictable and when the character starts to piece it together, they kind of play stupid and it's frustrating being 5 steps ahead of the character.I think the game looks pretty, and that was one of the reasons I wanted it, and it will be more enjoyable to replay and try to get different endings now that I have a better idea of what to do. There is some replay value to it, because there are several different endings you can get, but other than trying for different endings, which some people might not try to do, there isn't replay value.My biggest complaint though, is that if you play it on Windows, you have to register or sign in to a Kalypso account. Every. Single. Time. You. Launch it. It's a minor annoyance the first timme. After the second time it gets old. It's bad enough having to set up an account, but it's made worse by needing to log in to it every time you go to play. Only the people who play it on Windows have to sign in to Kalypso though, so if you don't play on windows, that won't affect you.Overall, I wouldn't recommend the game, especially at full price, unless you like confusing tasks and predictable stories."
,Not Recommended,217690,10547142,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Zapix,"I enjoyed it, but I really wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Finished the majority of the game in about 5 hours. The story was painfully predictable, a problem I run into with games, tv, and movies. Recycled ideas."
,Not Recommended,217690,10556566,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Whytemare,"I couldn't bring myself to play much of this game as it seemed each 'puzzle' is just an exercise in 'click on stuff until it works' as opposed to logic, plus the game's far too CPU hungry for what it is."
76561198097423666,Not Recommended,217690,11149594,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,bloeddwyth,"This game  never ran on my computer, ever.  I contacted the company, and the fixes they sent were just files I already had on my computer.  No explanation for why the game would not run, it just never progressed beyond a blank (black) start wiindow. First and only game that I've bought from Steam that would not run.  No refund, of course.UPDATE: Got a new PC. Looked promising that it might run on this one. But when I tried to register my account, it said 'that email already in use,' and wouldn't allow me to register. So I can't play. Seriously, what idiot at Kalypso thought forcing people who've already bought the game to register additionally to play it was a good idea!?"
76561198014407393,Not Recommended,217690,10740404,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[] BIG b0ss [] sonicfmt,ALWAYS CRASHES ON THE LOADING SCREEN! U GUYS NEED TO PATCH THIS NOW!
76561198020014728,Not Recommended,217690,13120306,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,tesla323,"6/10. Frustrating to play unless you've played a lot of point-and-click adventure games before and know what you're doing. My intent was to play it without help, but after ten minutes I pulled up a guide to figure things out. The guide said if I didn't do things JUST right I could get a dead end and have to restart the game."
,Recommended,217690,25354672,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Yuki,"This is one of the best adventure/horror/escape the room games I've ever played. It's amazing how much they put together to make a single house seem so menacing and creepy.Yes the controls and interface suck, but nothing that makes the game unplayable.It seems most people are complaining about its technical quality and how they felt its puzzles were too hard, so if you're looking for an easy story driven or survival horror game, with smooth game-play, action or good looking graphics,this game is not for you.It will, however, please the old fans of ""Myst"" and Sierra's 90's horror adventures such as ""Shivers"", who look for terrifying atmospheres and challenging puzzles."
76561198018537483,Recommended,217690,9442364,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Pure Anger,"This game surprised me. It gave me the chills and sucked me inn until I got one of the many endings in the game.While the game it self isn't very long if you are a mastermind in the arts of puzzle solving, it has some flaws as you will have to solve puzzles which doesn't make much sense and there is a lot of combining in it.This is however not a complet puzzle game, you will have the chills all the way through the game as scary event will tear your insides apart. The developer did a great job making the game scary without scaring you away.I love such scary games and even though I am not much of puzzle fan i do recommend that you try this.You will not regret buying it, you get way more than you pay for."
76561198057934370,Recommended,217690,6047698,"Posted: 4 October, 2012",all,Goat Nero,Overall great game with fitting soundtrack and beautiful atmosphere; only complaint is that some of the puzzles are ridiculously illogical.
,Not Recommended,217690,581086,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,Andrack,Anna's a♥♥♥♥♥♥and her game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,217690,12718238,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Thimio,"The story  is good, and engaging but...The graphics are sluggish, and sometimes color and setting doesn't seem to fit the game.The soundtrack and effects are good, but not enough to scare.It sometimes tries to scare the player but, in the most of the cases it fails.Summarizing, the story is good, but the game itself not really. It tries to scare you but the most ""terrifying"" part of the game is the story."
76561198012275256,Not Recommended,217690,14844457,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Count Gumberton,"Puzzles are ridicuously hard and nonsensical, making it so that this game is nearly impossible to beat without looking at a guide. Couple that with a short and boring story, and you've got a game you can safely skip."
,Not Recommended,217690,14231243,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Plain,"Kinda hard to do puzzles when you're about to♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself scared :PStill, if you're a fan of the horror genre (I'm not), and enjoy a good story and AMAZING visuals, give it a try."
,Not Recommended,217690,13777587,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,Too obtuse.
76561198063597832,Not Recommended,217690,9699809,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,hayleyhuston,"Runs horribly on Mac OS X. I've had to force quit twice in less than 10 minutes due to the game locking up. Even playing on the fastest setting, it runs very slowly. Not worth $9.99."
,Not Recommended,217690,13749318,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,night captain colin,"So did you ever grow tired of being physically out of shape, and popped in one of those exercise videos, and tried to follow the perky instructions? And was it all smooth moves on the screen, and sweaty flailing on your end? Because that's kind of what Anna is to many of its horror game siblings. It imitates, and imitates, and doesn't really measure up. If you can get it cheap though? Get it. Because it puts a few neat thoughts into the setting (though not the story, mind, let's just pretend that one isn't a thing), and it'll help you pass some time with weird riddles and a mild sense of unease."
,Not Recommended,217690,12207029,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dusk,Just dont buy it
76561198038831587,Not Recommended,217690,16234733,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rinzler,"Not recommended. The game has all traits of a good quest, but one. Lack of real puzzles. For the real fan of this genre  it's an automatic no-go. Though, it's a personal opinion only."
76561197987660767,Not Recommended,217690,11811898,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,LESTAR*,"I want my money back!There is so much wrong with this game. It's not even funny. Honestly, I dont't even know where to start. How about the extra account you need to play this game? Are you kidding me? From the ui, the controls, the graphics, the sound design, gameplay mechanics, story telling etc. Everything is a huge mess. Im playing games since the golden age of atari and the like and came across some serious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in video gaming history. Man, this is 2014 - and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games are still beeing made. Kalypso Media? Never again! Ever!"
,Not Recommended,217690,8472633,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,FishBowlKraken,"It has aLOTof truly scary, very good moments. I like this game, mostly. But my problem isn't with the story, or the graphics, or any of that, it's simply the fact that this game does not make clear what certain interface elements are, and it makes for a huge problem later on. Unless you're prone to save scumming, so to speak, and big into going back and forth in your save files, this is going to prove to be a problem for you, I guess that if you read this, it'd be alright too. But there's some sort of sanity meter in the form of a creepy eye in the item select screen. Now, for the first few hours of gameplay it didn't move, and I honestly thought it was decoration. But later I found that it in fact was not, and by the time I had, it'd gone down too much for me to meaningfully continue the game. If there's some way to replenish it, I haven't found it. I tried staying in light, like other games have you do, but that didn't really work, so I cannot continue playing because a cutscene draws some of my sanity meter and I instantly lose."
76561198000567511,Not Recommended,217690,9309559,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Sheckelbergstein,"Was cool for one playthrough with a walkthrough, thats about it"
,Not Recommended,217690,9337717,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,NodPapi,"The stupidest game i have ever played, The first puzzle makes absolutely no sense and game breaking level design in first level-12 soda tabs out of 3"
,Not Recommended,217690,1707504,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Sunfish,"Least intuitive puzzles I've ever seen. Oh hey just stick a pinecone on a piece of glass then light the pincecone on fire, then put the fire out and a door ♥♥♥♥ing opens. What the ♥♥♥♥. Don't buy this"
,Not Recommended,217690,8504566,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Josh,"A ridiculous waste of time. A friend and myself both bought the game thinking that it would be an enoyable mystery/horror game, however that proved to be very, very wrong. The game does not provide a sense of ""chilling"" and is by no means ""horrific"", what it is however is a gigantic group of puzzles that make so sense whatsoever, forcing the player to click around randomly until they are lucky enough to somehow move forward through the game.I am yet to try the ""extended edition"" as my first playthrough was incredibly mind numbingly boring."
,Not Recommended,217690,8872631,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,MattyRasker,"I loved adventure games back in the old days of PC. I liked solving puzzles and I also like horror stories.I've attempted to play Anna three times, quite desperate to get into it. In the end, I found myself not satisfied in any category - the gameplay is boring, the horror isn't exciting and I very quickly lose the drive to solve any of the puzzles. I'd love to see the story until the end, but I know I'll just find myself reading the guide just to get through it, and there's no fun in that.Personally not one I'd recommend."
,Not Recommended,217690,10049423,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,redheadsoldier,"I'll try to write a good review about Anna, pretty much like how this game TRIES to be a good game. In fact, ""trying"" is the whole theme of this game: It's a game that TRIES to be clever. It's a game that TRIES to be scary. It's a game that TRIES to offer a well-balanced challenge. It's a game that TRIES to be immersive. Sadly, it fails, leaving this Amnesia♥♥♥♥♥point-and-click adventure knockoff a title best left for the dust mites."
,Not Recommended,217690,10278438,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,e3b0c44298fc1c14,"""I should of..."" said the protagonist, at the very cheesy end. I can't advise against buying this, yet I do not recommend it either.Puzzles were not ""intuitive"" at all, and the game kept me telling ""it does not make sense"" whenever I try something that was much more logical than what I was supposed to do. At first, it was more like ""Oh, I didn't see that coming"", but later it turned into ""Why would you even do that?"" and further frustration. At the end, I was playing just to finish it. Of course, it may be just me, but let me say that I am not a newcomer to this genre.Concept was really creative, sure, but the game really suffered from the Unity engine itself, controls (especially constant misscliks resulting from bounding boxes -did I say Unity?), puzzles with no logic and no hints in-story, and lousy texturing (especially at the end). And seriously... ""Should of""???Thanks for your time though, developers. Atmosphere/concept did make up for those shortcomings. On occasion..."
,Not Recommended,217690,10412625,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,TonySnow,It failed to capture my attention from the get go. The mouse movement was jerky. I did not like having to create a separate login just to play this game.
76561198098390579,Not Recommended,217690,19687549,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,audiophonia,"It's sad because it's exactly the type of games  I usually like; indie, atmospheric, adventure-puzzle.- DRM - The game asks you to create an account, email address, etc. You need to insert the CD key EACH time you play  (f**K you kalypso game).- Lots of minor dysfunctional things makes the gaming experience painful and frustrating. Text is barely readable, controls are clumsy.For me it's a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,217690,9436532,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,mooz,"Intriguing, freaky story. Very spooky atmosphere. Haunting graphics. *Incredible* music soundtrack. BUT... An excruciatingly bizarre, agonizing, torture puzzler of a game! Definitely not for the adventure game faint of heart. The puzzles (or more like experiments that test sanity) really are the true horror of this inane title. The Extended Edition only extends the misery!"
76561198037325581,Not Recommended,217690,10300679,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,silkysilver,There is a login screen that makes you create a Kalypso account.  You have to login each time you play.  This should not be necessary with Steam.  One should also not have to input a CD Key for a Steam game.This developer doesn't understand how to make gaming enjoyable.
,Recommended,217690,16655776,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,αυst,"Pros:Mecânica inteligente, som adptado, gráfico incrível, enrredo bem criativo.Contras:Alguns itens dão erro"
,Not Recommended,217690,15591514,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,AwCmonPuddin,I barely gave the game a chance and I never will again... Very buggy and sloppy.Complete waste of $10.
,Not Recommended,217690,10714183,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Holysword,"I played up to half o the game, which is an okay game, but let me tell you what truly sucks here: the developers.The game is glitchy; slow; I tried several combinations of graphic options, to try to figure out why, and apparently the shadows seem to be causing a major overhead on everything. Disabling shadows and some crazy light effects make the game faster, and I even mentioned that in some threads - but even though developers were following the said thread, no comment was made on that note.Achievments do not work on Linux. This is a known bug, that the devs acknowledge, but completely ignore. After a lot of insistence, I obtained a reply from a dev - saying that the achievments are not an important issue. Which makes me wonder what is an important issue since none of the issues have been fixed for more than 1 year.After some investigation, it seems like these bugs all come from Unity engine, but devs don't even bother to tell that to us. All in all, it seems to me that we are dealing here with highly amateur developers who are incapable of tracking and pacthing flaws in their softwares, and even worse: unable to reach the community."
76561197970879514,Not Recommended,217690,10049098,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Klaim,Please read about the third party DRM in the forums before buying (at any price.)
76561197999273279,Not Recommended,217690,10688914,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lies&Scorn,"You have to  create an account with Kalipso to play this game, that is on top of Steam! Also there is a graphical glitch that makes the game flash like hell, just read the forums here. You have been warned."
,Not Recommended,217690,169641,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,McMillanFixXxeR,"Well... this game was on my wish list and I was excited to play it... but for some reason I didn't find it as engaging as I wanted too.  (Played extended edition version)This is your basic - First Person puzzle solving adventure/story board game.   I generally like those, even more because it is somewhat a scary/horror style.However after playing it a few timee for a couple of hours.  I found myself not wanting to play it.  It starts out and the outside, first floor/couple of rooms are fun and the puzzles seem somewhat logical with few moving parts.Then I went upstairs and back downstairs... I had suddenly 30 items and none of the puzzles made sense and the cryptic journal books didn't help.  After wondering around, putting on masks, melting wax, and burning gold... I didn't want to play anymore.It played well, good set up, atmosphere, and puzzles, but it ran away from my attention midway I think.  Guess it wasn't for me?  Perhaps for someone else who has more patience than I do."
,Not Recommended,217690,7921946,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,mikengo,"Worst pre-gameplay experiance.The extra DRM is anoying; I registered an account, never got the email. I got around that, however, by going offline. Why need the extra steep for a single player game?By the time I got playing, I was mad at the game taking 2 hours to get started.As for the mechanics, the ""click on everything with all the items"" was booring."
,Recommended,217690,11172447,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Kamgusta,"A Not-So-Horror Game! [KAMGUSTA's REVIEW]Game is a pretty standard point-and-click adventure in a nice 3D environment... It had a charming appeal on me so I finished it in a couple of days - all the 8 endings. There are not any combat but there a couple of scary encounters, but I won't ruin your fun describing them!Puzzles are nice and unobtrusive but they don't always make sense, so you will often have to try every item combinations to advance in the game. There is also a help system if you really don't have any clue what to do. You can die, but it really requires some efforts (and this is a plus for me!)...Music is nice and so are the special effects. I did not encounter any bug - maybe they have been fixed in the latest patch.Ok, the game is not a masterpiece, but the story is nice and the gameplay is addictive. I found it worth playing.Best played with Keyboard and MouseRecommended Buy Price < 8$Score 8/10"
,Recommended,217690,9122505,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,mzda_grl,"Nice little horror game, you have to solve a number of puzzles to figure out how to progress.. overall, I like it.  It has some creepy moments and scary parts and it requires you to think about things and find a solution."
,Not Recommended,217690,7760927,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dan,"Anna's developers seem to be operating under the assumption that modern adventure games need to return to their roots, and that the best way to do that is to reintroduce pixel hunting and hours of rubbing every item in your inventory against every other item. While there's some truth to the argument that we as gamers have become spoiled by too-obvious gameplay hints and on-screen tutorials that follow you from the first five minutes of a game all the way to the final boss, the solution is not throwing out everything we've learned about game design over the last 30 years in favor of pointlessly frustrating authenticity."
,Not Recommended,217690,13059109,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,BaronV Big-E You Know What to Do,"There's really no reason for this game to have added a required account and log in on their specific website just to play. There wasn't a third party DRM warning when i bought the game so long ago and now after a ""overhaul"" the game now has it. What's the point? It's just going to turn away people like me who tried to boot it up and saw the ""you must create an account to play"" then simply uninstalled. Seriously wondering what the devs were thinking..."
76561198113124729,Not Recommended,217690,12927430,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,tany.rush,Game is broken and gets stuck every five minutes. It's unplayable. I would recommend it if it actually worked but it's a waste of money.
,Recommended,217690,12427146,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,brkkrkya,Anna is the game which gives you much more than a standart horror game. First thing if you like Dear Esther than you'll like this game too. Anna's story reminded me usually Fatal Frame 2 Crimson Butterfly because of twin sacrifices and the mask puzzles from the first Fatal Frame. Soundtrack is great but it's too soft for the horror game or mystery game. one of the main soundtrack is very similar with first Risen game. It makes me feel like wandering around and cutting chickens in the Risen :D I seriously recommend this game. I'm sure it's story will catch you.
76561198066145343,Not Recommended,217690,10780393,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mimh2o,"Everything is wrong about this game.First; software and modelling have so many flaws, because of that gameplay is so slow and painfull to controll.Second; game suppose to be a horror adventure game. However, adventure part is real mass, even getting in the house to start the game takes half an hour (you could check on youtube), therefore you barely feel the horror part."
,Not Recommended,217690,15777048,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,John Krieger,"Well that wasn't my cup of tea.I'll tell you STRAIT OFF, that it wasn't a puzzle game, unless you have a degree in obscure european(?) pagan religions, you won't solve the puzzles in this game without some form assistance, I had to look up more than half  of the answers, I admit that with NO SHAME, because I would have never thought to grind up colored leaves and set them on fire to make the smog dissappear from a dark room, I certainly wouldn't have thought to put on a mask to find that the trew I grew in a basement had a baby growing on it, and that I had to cut it open to get the next obscure bullcrap item to progress throught the game, but I PRIDE MYSELF in figureing out to get the gear pieces and tie them together to get the door to open, at least THAT was an actual logic puzzle.Evidently in the Non-Extended edition of this game, you have to break mirrors and set pinecones on fire to open the same door, so I still don't respect it.  I don't know who thought up the puzzles in this game but as an average joe with weird tastes and sociopathic tendancies, I can tell you would demand a refund if I didn't know better.  It has a strikingly break-neck descent into madness from the get-go, it runs on the same Silent-Hill 2 Logic, that ""I can't leave this place because I haven't found what I'm looking for, even though it's gotten past the point of ever being worth what I am going through and I kind of don't know what I'm looking for anways so Durr Durr Durr""Didn't appreciate that.  leaving the Mill-House (The whole few hours this game took me overall takes place in a seven-room saw mill) counts as being a quiter and even though it provides the best endings in my opinion it never really gives teh sense of satisfaction you get from finding the End-End instead of the ""This stuff is waaayyy too wack for me and I'm never coming back"" end.I was stared at by tree-women, chased by flying horned monster masks, and the whole time, me, NOR THE CHARACTER knew why on earth we were going through this.I'll tell you right now, I recieved three endings for this game.SPOILER ALERTFirst time I ended it I put the wrong masks on the wrong maneqquines in the cave under the loft that would be impossible to reach by the laws of physics, and all that happened is it showed me laying on the floor in the first room as a wooded mannequin wearing the mask I put on and pressumabley dead.Second time I ended it I put the right masks on and crossed the magic bridge and went left to get confirmation that (Either myself or the mill-master who lived here and left this stuff behind) Brutally murdered the wife and infant child as well as the brother in order to consemate with an ancient forest spirit/deity/witch named Anna (This game is bad at clearing things up) for no other reason than it seemed like a good idea, and the only path left was to the right where in I got to the cave found out me and the mill master somehow have become the same person (If we weren't already before) and that I am in love with the statue of Anna there and don't care that the cave collapsed behind me because we were together.  Then it showed me there was a painting of some whacked up crap (I'm trying to not curse and it's getting hard) in the wardrobe in the attic/loft/bedroom that has chains covering it.Third Time (This is the first ending I got) I walked out of the Saw Mill, looked up at the beautiful forest and the sunbeams shining through the pine trees and said ""There was nothing but madness in there and something something something I'm never coming back""I would not recommend this game.  I might play it again one day, simple because I have it and I have a tendancy to replay even the things I hated, Like Broken Helix on Playstation 1, but if I can warn you of anything:If you buy this game don't buy it becuase it's scary, it is not scary.  If you buy this game for puzzles, know that getting out of game is easiest by Alt+Tab to go view help of it from the internet.If you buy this game for the sole purpose of seeing just how whacky and full of garbage and feces it is.  By all means, be my guest.  That's the only reason I would ever reccomend it."
76561198049217300,Recommended,217690,15806847,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Zneb,"Anna is wonderful little atmospheric horror and puzzle game that keeps you thinking about its story well past its conclusion.The puzzles gradually increase in difficulty, starting off relatively logical until the end where they become, at times, truly some of the most bizarre events of any game. Though they can all be completed using the increasingly vague hints given throughout the story in the form of old texts, many players will turn to a guide for at least some because some will truly leave you asking what the hell you actually just did.However, do not let the puzzles stop you from experiencing the best part of the game: its story. Drawing on various folk legends and the Pagan religion, as well as having multiple endings, the story will have you thinking about it and drawing connections well past the end. It's very easy to miss parts and multiple play throughs are required to do everything, giving it great replay value.Finally the graphics and audio are absolutely gorgeous and serve their purpose of creating an incredibly creepy , surreal atmosphere throughout the game. Although some audio and lightning glitches are present, they did not detract from the overall experience very much.While it may not be worth the full $10 to some, it is certainly worth its sale prices and has become one of the most intriquing games I've played because of its elements. Certainly not for everyone, but well worth a try if you get the chance."
,Not Recommended,217690,10200390,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,aviadr1,meh
,Not Recommended,217690,13884642,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Papart,"I really like Kalypso and their Tropico series. Never tried other genres made by them, so I tried horror. I be blunt - there's no much of horror. More of random ambient sounds, suddenly moving object and atmosphere trying to be scary. There's a lot of unclear puzzles tossed everywhere, without any hint or sign, forcing you to circle in two small rooms. Maybe if you are very prominent in puzzle games, you can have some fun there, but I spent about two hours clueless.Want puzzles without any hint, where you need to think about everyhting? Good, play it.Anything else? Go away, it's not the game for you."
76561198085630138,Not Recommended,217690,15018871,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Vikkibeans,"Very buggy, just installed after purchasing last year. Looked like it could be good, the initial puzzle to get into the house was easy enough although I can not comment on any further puzzles. Once in the house the game crashed. I am above minimum recommended requirements for Mac so assuming this is a bug. Any time the lighting or texture changed - on the puddle and stove - the game crashed. Very frustratiing, after turning the graphics down and retrying after attempt 3 it was uninstall time. Was fairly eery and could have been good, if I could get past the first room."
76561198046955260,Not Recommended,217690,11705140,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,HannibalsCircus,"I really want to like this game. I love the atmosphere, I like the puzzles, I want to know the story.  But the game is not supported, it is technically broken, and it is unplayable.On my previous Mac it would run for about 5 minutes and then freeze.  I even tried to play it like this for a while -- constantly saving and reloading while I walked around, trying to solve the puzzle. But I finally gave up.Before writing this review I installed it again, booted it up again. I have a new machine and thought ""maybe they fixed it.""  I ran it windowed, let it show me the un-skippable opening animation again. I clicked new game -- and the window went out of focus. I licked back in the window, clicked new game again, and again was outside the window.  It had somehow captured the off-set to my mouse and refused to re-acquire it.I'd like to play this game and give it a good review, but it just does not work.Owned it for a year, never gotten to play it.  Glad I bought it on sale."
76561198058278806,Not Recommended,217690,11709449,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Кατΐε◆<3,"I would really like to play this game, but I can't get past the first screen because the mouse senstivity is terrible and there is no way to change it. The mouse flies across the screen so playing the game makes me feel really sick.Also, be warned you have to sign in seperately with Kalypso. Not as much of a pain as Windows Live, but still is annoying."
,Not Recommended,217690,16187509,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Spooky Ol' Untrustable,Come on down to Anna's World of Obtuse Puzzles. Here you'll find puzzles so obtuse they would make an early 90's adventure game jealous!  5/10
76561198094903841,Not Recommended,217690,16900872,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,wtomsky,"good music, spooky jumpscares, unfairly impossible puzzles wher you have no idea what you're even supposed to do, and a stupid story. just text at the end. Devs were to lazy to narrate.2/10"
76561197981548323,Recommended,217690,15213823,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Shonkawakan,"This game is way far from the kind I'm addicted to, so all pros and contras mentioned below are nothing more than how the thing are looking through the scope of my (casual player's) perception:The main con worth mentioning is being totally out of option to kick asses all the game through or get busy with any other equivalent kind of action. That's the worst part :). Another (lesser) issue I had(first couple of times i tryed to play it) was about the game play ""rhythm"", which lead me to some difficulties with balancing immersion and progress through the story. Too many dead ends and game-critical fatalities followed by annoying false endings you cannot skip(or save game reloadings).Pros are more prolific.The game's mood is a mix of gloomy, grim, mournfool and melancholic ones, and so is the look of locations you're doomed to spend most of your time in-game. Music, voice acting, the sense of things you discover along the story are all of the same colour. Yet there's a lot of impressive beauty put into it.The storyline seems very ambiguous, especially one in the extended version, giving much more information, mostly of the kind which makes things even more obscure than they were before you got ""updated'.  As a result, it looks like one (relatively clear) story with random elements of two others attached to it to increase the volume of content. Not saying it's bad, this simulation of mysteries yet-to-reveal greatly contributed to my own interest towards what the game was trying to tell before i found out enough to figure things out(though i'm not sure this rate of clearness is really enough for it, even after checking what wikipedia says :)).Anyway, the whole thing is impressive and immersive enough to make me want to get that ""you've completed this game 100%"" achievement.After all, I've got myself loads of worlds to save, locations to clean sweep and a variety of hostile asses to kick in other games with much more obvious game stories.And than get back to this one and finish what's left of it to complete.Recommended, good game, 8 of 10---------------------------Вообще игра не из тех в которых я стандартно рублюсь, так что все за и против, которые я перечисляю ниже это не более чем то как она смотрится через прицел моего (как случайного игрока) восприятия.Главный косяк это конечно то, что в этой игре не надо(и нельзя) никого валить на всем ее протяжении, и нет какого либо другого эквивалента активной деятельности. Это главный недостаток :)).Другой, (менее важный) раздражавший в первую пару заходов в игру фактор, это некоторая сложность нахождения баланса между погружением в мир игры и успешным продвижением по сюжету. Многовато тупиков и фатальностей, приводящих или к периодическим просмотрам занудных неотключаемых ложных концовок или к перезагрузкам с сейвов.Плюсов побольше.Атмосфера в игре - смесь мрачного, зловещего, печального и меланхолического начал, как раз в тон окраске локаций, в которых проходит бОльшая часть игрового времени.Музыка, озвучка и сам смысл элементов сюжета, образно говоря, все того же цвета. Однако во все это вложено и немало мрачной красоты.История  кажется во многом непонятной, особенно в расширенной версии, где информации гораздо больше, но в основном она вся того рода, после которого начинаешь понимаешь чуть ли не меньше чем до того, как тебя ""проинформировали"".  Похожа она в результате на одну более менее понятнуюю историю, к которой приделано несколько случайных элементов от пары других историй ради увеличения общего объема. Не пытаюсь сказать что это плохо, эта симуляция тайн, которые предстоит раскрыть лично мне изрядно добавляла интереса к тому, что эта игра пытается рассказать до того, как я узнал достаточно, чтобы начать что то понимать в сюжете. Не уверен правда что имеющейся степени понятности для этого достаточно. Даже после ознакомления с тем что по этому поводу пишет википедия)).Но в целом игра впечатлила и заинтересовала достаточно для того, чтобы хотелось ее допроходить до ачивки ""вы завершили эту игру на 100%"".У меня в конце концов хватает игр с гораздо более очевидными сюжетами, где можно спасти миры, зачистить локации и надрать всевозможные вражеские задницы.А потом вернуться к этой и допроходить до полной ясности.Короче в целом рекомендую, игра хорошая, 8 из 10"
,Not Recommended,217690,13756529,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Lussuria,Best part of this game was the font.
,Recommended,217690,9885943,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,SharkDouble07,"Some or most may not love this game but I do. When you first play your at a house. And its really beautiful. And the detail and scenes amaze me. Only issue I had with this game was random flashing of lights caused by graphical error. I got this on sale, and I think it is worth it if you give it a chance."
,Recommended,217690,8295102,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Happles,"Short Puzzle-adventure mystery game.It is worth a shot if you like games with focus on storytelling.Though i might add, I would only buy it on sale"
,Recommended,217690,9020507,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Lantern,"Great adventure. Just great.Anna is an amazing horror tale, very beautiful and so unusual. Some puzzles are illogical, really, but the story is awesome. Its such creepy and adorable, I totally love this game.If you like scary quests, you need this, I know.Just play."
,Recommended,217690,11307498,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,TiGGaZ,"If Life was a game, i wouldnt want it to be Anna, cause i would be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ my pants everyday.Demons + Demons + Love Story + Ghosts + Strange grasses + Fkedup Cults + Blood Sacrifices = 10/10<3 Anna."
,Recommended,217690,8835905,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Coljack,"I've always found this game to be oddly... Charming, in a way. It brought me to love a character whose face you never really see, whose voice is all you hear, and whose name resonates in your mind like a song stuck in your head with every step you take. Overall the game stuck with me because of the ambience and mood of the world as a whole. The story itself is somewhat unremarkable, but the way it's told is another case entirely, and very nicely lends itself to the style of the game.Overall I recommend it for a once or twice off enjoyable experience."
76561198088605563,Recommended,217690,9555691,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Nightless,"After finishing through the ""Truth"" ending I felt so compelled to write a review on the game. To say the least, this gaming experience had its unforseen ups and downs. It balances out in the end, but overall it was a gaming experience I do not often have.For one, let us start with story. What the Serious Heck, I mean seriously, What the Heck! This game had a amazing storyline that is at first not obvious to gamer's eye and WOW! The ending! Personally, one of the better storylines that leaves you hanging at the end. On this, the game could not seem to fail at all...That is until we hit Gameplay... Gosh, that was annoying. You will strangle yourself much like that creepy tree event does at some points. Ugh, I thought this would be fun, not tear out your hair. While it is fun to explore the house, the things you are supposed to be doing is unobvious and you often get stuck. The puzzles were fun however and when you get to some of them they are interesting and a challange. It is the grab the hook you missed in the other room kind of thing that got me annoyed.This is a horror game so let us mention scares. Anna is not a jump scare kind of horror, although there is a few instances. (I HATE YOU TREE LADY!) Overall, the atmosphere, the spectacular audio, and the creepy events that leave you scared to move foward for a few seconds are what get to you. The backstory and some rooms also really add to this factor.Graphics were a problem for me for the the first hourish of gameplay. The graphics were not bad in any way what so ever. It was a certain glitch on my computer that made me almost end the total go through. I did solve this however, but had to play on a small window screen. 800x600 to be exact. Not too much of a problem although it caused some google searching and experimentation to fix the problem.The last thing I want to mention is the music and sound. Those both really took me in and freaked me out! Not to mention the game giving you ten songs of theirs to listen too. Wow, however composed the music did a excellent job. Not forgetting the ingame sounds that send chills down your spine. This area earned a perfect score for me in the game.Overall, I say play it. The game has its bugs and can be annoying however! The story is not to be missed and the sound/audio/atmosphere/ and so much more really make a excellent game.TotalStory-10/10Gameplay-5/10Scares-8/10Graphics-7/10Audio-10/10Overall 40/50Play the game, expect some frustration however... Just remember, the other stuff in the game make up for it!"
,Recommended,217690,13856154,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Sierge,"Really good horrer game, although very difficult to beat (it was for me at least.) Pay attention to the details!"
76561198074475643,Not Recommended,217690,13144743,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,*****,"Another one of the games ""ported"" to Linux which don't run. Well, this one starts but you can't do anything in the actual game (and if you're so foolish as to try running this gem on Intel HD graphics, you won't even see half of the world - not that it makes any difference).Rating: garbage."
,Recommended,217690,11740564,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,★  ジュナイパー ★,"I tried out this game recently after a friend said I would love this game,and MAN was he right :).The plot is about an unnamed man(the character you play as),who has recurring nightmares about a sawmill and a woman named Anna. As you investigate the sawmill,finding various items and intuitions(basically little bits and pieces of your character's memories),you begin to find out the whole story of just what happened in the sawmill,who Anna is,and just what our character did to Anna,witnessing several horrifying events as you piece together the truth.The characters are pretty good,especially that wood mannequin that looks like a woman(I can't reveal who the mannequin is because of spoilers),which creeped me out/scared me several times in my 10 hour playthrough. xDThe music is really good,especially the music that plays during when you're outside the sawmill,and the credits themes.The atmosphere in this game is amazing,where one moment you have that music from outside the sawmill playing,making you feel all safe,and then the next there's some creepy music with that mannequin woman right in your face.The gameplay is pretty great,which involves solving dif puzzles to progress,and after Stage 2,a sanity meter is added,which lowers the longer you look at a""creepy event""(an example would be looking at the woman mannequin for too long).The puzzles are kinda challenging your first time through,and the difficulty of the puzzles really depends on if you know what you're doing,and have the items you need(which sometimes your first time through you can miss,believe me I missed about 4 items in Living Quarters,and had to go back there 4 times xD)Overall,this is a VERY good horror game that I recommend to everyone,even those that haven't played horror puzzle games like this.9.5/10 from me :)"
,Recommended,217690,8833558,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,noisera7,Methaphysical Adventure
,Recommended,217690,10011259,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Skinker,"What an improved experience!  The Extended Edition takes all the promise and potential of the original release and fufills it.  Now it is a very solid horror adventure game.  Well done, Dreampainters."
76561197996703299,Recommended,217690,28731130,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Octantis,A walking Simulator...before they became hip.
,Not Recommended,217690,5753577,"Posted: 11 October, 2012",all,NIL0S,It's the annoying little sister of Dear Esther -_-
,Recommended,217690,13203219,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,rosie,"Fun and interesting, but wasn't scary at all-- largely due to the fact that i had to refer to a walkthrough 99% of the time."
,Recommended,217690,12377153,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Eswin,"I like the atmosphere - a bit scarier than I thought, which I'm happy for. The puzzles make me feel sort of dumb - not many games have done that. You really have to think for a few of them...and others just seem like guess work as the clues provided are not always the best. I believe I'm about half way through so the game on a normal play speed probably would take about 4 hours.If Steam has this for $5 or less, pick it up.Comparison: Dear Esther with more ""gameplay."""
76561198053505543,Recommended,217690,8052890,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Merri,NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE !!!!
,Recommended,217690,1472803,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Ωhmnoom-kin,"Forever and ever?... And ever.Surprisingly sweet horror adventure with lonely atmosphere, melodic and calm instrumental music with choirs/vocals, which gets under your skin. Game focuses more on creepy atmosphere than Jumpscare moments. Complete random puzzles or rituals and reveal the story behind your constant nightmares and lack of memories.Hint: If you would ever play it, go for Extended version walkthrough first. After that you can try the Basic version. Basic version looks like Beta version of Anna compared to extended. It has less rooms, worse interface, graphics and almost no try of explaining the story, also different way of solving puzzles, it's overall like other game which doubles the fun and challenge.Hint Nr.2: Intuitions can be combined together and that red filled Eye bar is your sanity meter (Empty sanity = Game over)."
,Not Recommended,217690,1195601,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,tn5421,I don't recommend playing this without a walkthrough handy.  It gives you no hints whatsoever and only half of anything works logically.
76561198093151693,Recommended,217690,7213561,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,El_Capitan~,This ish be cray and hot! <3
,Recommended,217690,7918320,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Karithay,"All around a decent game, but nothing special. If I had to do it again, I'd just watch a youtube walkthrough."
,Recommended,217690,8381878,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,corneliabyrne,"Now this game totally makes sense...-NOT! I mean to get through this game without the walkthrough is just simply impossible. Even the brainiest people would not exel for the simple reason that there is no logic that you could follow. So that would be the negative bit.Now on the other side though... THE EFFECTS ARE SIMPLY AH-MA-ZING! I'm having fun taking screenshots in the game. Which means that there is good art work put in to that game. Very pretty to look at. Specially outside and few places in the house as well.Also I personally love how scary it is. I mean it just makes your hair on your back stand up. It makes me scream uncontolably in every 5 minutes and then if there are other ppl in the room they jump as well coz my screams are real. Filled with real and utter terror. But it can also be that I am a scaredycat... Hmm... I suppose ppl are different but one thing is for sure. When you want difficult puzzles, great(difficult) storyline to follow(in this game it means to figure out yourself whats it actually about) and a game that sends shivers down your spine(if not all the time then at least couple of times definitely) then ANNA EXTENDED EDITION is YOUR GAME ;)"
,Not Recommended,217690,8541212,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,PastaPillows,"This game is a technical mess when I played it last...First off, this game is so awfully optimized that as soon as I stepped in the sawmill, my framerate dropped to about 15. I fiddled with the options for a long while, and even at the lowest settings the framerate still refused to go back up. My PC specs are fairly high, as I can run most other games with 60+ frames.Second, I experienced multiple bugs right when I jumped in. Several things were off about the lighting as well, where as if I stared at a light for too long, it ended up growing and growing in brightness, until I finally turned away from it so it would go back to its normal brightness.Finally, when I actually DID get a decent framerate (which ended up being only outside of the sawmill), movement felt unnatural; when I ran over certain objects, I'd end up getting hopelessly stuck.All in all, if you're REALLY curious as to what this game is, either look it up on Youtube, or wait until this game's on a rediculously low sale."
,Recommended,217690,10235468,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,MirthlessChuckle,"Eerie, bone-chilling atmosphere. Gripping story as you sink deeper and deeper into madness. And the masks. When there are masks involved, you just know it's gonna get ugly. And that statue that keeps following me around.I think this game is starting to affect my sanity.10/10*Note: Play the Extended Edition in one go. Goosebumps and shivers down your spine guaranteed. The EE has much more content than the original and makes more sense. Try getting all the endings. Yes there are a few. After that give the original version a try, go nuts and paint the sawmill red. See what I did there?"
,Recommended,217690,10265050,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Nuuskiss,"Anna - Extended edition is a horror/adventure game without deaths and chasing monsters. Instead it pressures a player with a ghastly, dark athmosphere where paranormal things happen and twisted hallucinations appear.The story begins at a courtyard of a homely cottage surrounded with beautiful peaceful landscapes. At the first moments the game explains a bit about a male protogonist's background with few sentences, which reveal that man suffers amnesia and has somekind of overwhelming obsession on the cottage.""This is the house which keeps appearing in my nightmares. ...How did I end up here anyway?""After the short perioid of relaxing puzzle solving strange supernatural things begin to happen: these events will not leave in dropping food cans nor mysterious voices, but instead take increasingly scaier features which I won't list here to avoid spoilers. I'll just say that this is about a very terrifying game where it is really hard to make yourself confortable.The gameplay in ""Anna"" is excelent and offers various interesting puzzles, whereas some of them honestly were a little dumb and far fetched. Luckily though player is provided with customizable hint system which can be turned on/off whenever player wants. As in many other adventure games during quest the inventory is filled with many items, which can be examined and attached together. As a new innovation player also gathers some thoughts and conclusions that can be blended together to see some details about the story.Anna - Extended edition surprised me as a game and especially as a horror game, which storyline eventually sorted out to be sad, but also inspiring. I hope that the develeopers carry on with the same genre."
,Recommended,217690,10041113,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Dr. Phil,"Anna is a game that scared me like no other. Having played plenty before from Amnesia to Haunting Ground and not being overly blown away, Anna has the one special brand of horror which I can only accurately describe as 'haunting'.While some people aren't quite effected by it, Anna posesses a subtle type of horror, relying less on combat encounters or fleeing from peril and more on simply noticing strange occurances around you, playing heavily on your perception of the area. Many paranormal events are far from obvious and what few you may witness range from unnerving to deeply unsettling but will almost often leave you second guessing your senses. I can't tell you the number of times I asked myself, ""Am I seeing things?"" or ""Was that there before?"". It's the type of horror I personally feel should be present in more games of the genre, and Anna does it exceedingly well.Gameplay-wise however, Anna is securely medicore. The interface with your inventory and the world feels dated and clunky, and you can almost see the code chugging away during some of the puzzles. The puzzles themselves, however, are challenging and require a pretty heavy degree of thinking, more often then not in a good way. My only problem is several times over I found myself knowing the answer to the puzzle but not knowing how to execute it due to the shoddy interface.The narrative is also very mediocre with few twists and turns away from what one would expect from a horror story. I won't go into details to avoid spoilers, but it's definitely not something to write home about.The sound design on the other hand is nothing short of excellent and definitely builds on Anna's already chilling atmosphere. The soundtrack consists of gorgeously somber and quiet string/choir melodies, which in any other situation would seem graceful or even serene, but only build the haunting atmosphere of the environment. Audio cues being a key indicator that something around you is amiss are also executed with the perfect desgree of subtlety, though too many times I was on edge due to my own footsteps.Overall Anna is a unique horror experience that may appeal to anyone who has struggled to find their niche in horror games to date. It's a wonderfully creepy and haunting experience only held back by it's awkward design and clunky interface."
76561197975576085,Not Recommended,217690,11712994,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,DaMuncha,"Everything about this game is bad, The story, the voice acting, the sounds, the atempt at jump scares, the textures, the lighting, the puzels, etc. Everything about this is just realy bad quality."
76561197987047936,Not Recommended,217690,10534692,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,The Squid,"This recommendation  isn't a hard ""no"" - more of a ""maybe, leaning slightly towards no"".I very much enjoyed Anna's story and mystery. Inventory management is a little cumbersome and the game fails to properly communicate some of your options, so it might be a little difficult to get into if you're not used to some of the conventions of adventure games. The music is strong and moody, but sometimes doesn't quite seem appropriate to the situation. It may take you several playthroughs to see all the endings, which can be annoying, but the game isn't that long so it could be worse. Actually, overall I spent a lot of time thinking ""___ isn't great but it could be worse"" for almost everything except the story.Full review here:http://postlaunch.blogspot.ca/2013/10/anna-extended-edition.html"
,Recommended,217690,3583914,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,Marona,"I know it's been a long time since I wrote my previous review, but now I feel the review didn't describe the game enough.Anna is a game where you explore clues and where you try to find a mysterious woman named...well...Anna.Graphics:The graphics are downright gorgeous. This is something where you can close your eyes and feel that you are in the atmosphere. While they seem beautiful at first in the first scene of the game, it goes down towards the mystery and the creepy, scary side.Music:While this game only has a few tracks, the music is beautifully well done with acoustic guitar, violin, and piano. This is the kinda music you want to listen to while you're getting into the game or relaxing and touches your soul.Gameplay:There are two versions of the game: Original and Extended. The Original is more simple than the extended. It just focuses on items and getting through the game. The Extended, however, is more complicated, as there are more places to explore, more types of items to explore, and decisions and explorations that can affect the ending of the game. The upside of the Extended is that the story goes deeper.With the differences aside, there is some weirdness with some items of the game. You have to combine items you didn't expect that go together or used on something, or items that are well hidden. This can be a downside for simple players or people who don't wanna spend so much minutes on figuring stuff out.Story:The story goes into a sort of mystery and cultish feel with going back to some parts of the past. Yes, this game has some jumpscares, but in a perfect amount. I don't want to get into details, but the story is simply looking for a woman you can't get out of your head and you have an obsession. Not a crazy, sick obsession, but more of a desire just to be with the woman.In conclusion:Anna is one of those explorative, story gems that is a must have in your library and must be played. The graphics, music, and story melt perfectly into the pot that makes it a masterpiece. While the gameplay might be a bit annoying, the rest of the game will encourage you to delve further to solve the mystery."
,Recommended,217690,34225862,Posted: 13 August,all,Nokturnalb6six6,good game.  very difficult puzzles.
,Recommended,217690,983491,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,.:*|*Sway*|*:.,A good atmospheric game with beautiful music. Interesting and really creepy!
,Not Recommended,217690,7776197,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,ϟ Ericz,"I was trying hard to like this game, or at least trying to actually play it to see what it is. But that task is just impossible, because this game is an horrible technical mess!First you have to spent an hour just to familiarize yourself with the clunky controls and the horrible mouse sensibility. After that you think your problems are gone, but they're not... you found a lot of things you can do with your collected objects, but very soon you realize they don't make any sense, so you start to search and try every bizarre combination to try to solve simple puzzles and this take long, much more long than your patience.The worst is... every new room i entered i got struggle with a buggy blinking environment lights that makes me literally close my eyes to not being blind. Sometimes it stop in a few seconds, sometimes don't, and i found me running or shaking the mouse trying to stop the madness. Sometimes i had to go to options and click every button, then it stops.It is really a shame that game being published this way, because i really like the mystery mood, but it's really impossible to play. In the Steam forums you see any decent answer either by Dreampainters or Kalypso Media. You just don't get any support, unless a false statement that is a Unity problem. You buy a broken game and it's your own problem, they'll not fix it.Also, you have to make a Kalypso account and login in a launcher every time you start the game, even with no online resources. This publisher is one of the worst i ever seen, they don't have any respect or care with customers. I'll skip any title  under their label forever."
,Not Recommended,217690,9343581,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Kaen Harel,"This game can literally suck my ♥♥♥♥♥, and I'm not even being slightly ironic here, guys, you think about it"
,Not Recommended,217690,7829469,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,A.o.D.,"This game is exceptionally buggy, and the DRM layer does little to endear it.  The controls are mediocre at best, and the inventory management is a chore.  All this for what is essentially a locked room puzzle game.  It's just not very good."
76561198070245960,Recommended,217690,18475313,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Mesut Komiser,"One of the best games ı've ever played. But if you are a casual adventure/horror player don't try this. This game is way deeper than amnesia and others. It blends puzzles and narrative really well. And also visual effects are just amazing. I really congratulate the team.This game made me wonder what if the video game industry funds this type of games that I think immortal pieces of art. At old times when everything is not about graphics and action, artisticly rich games such as monkey island, grim fandango, sanitarium etc. produced within the mainstream, but now only independent producers create such rare games with really insufficient funds.I hope that virtual reality tech to clear the way for these kind of games."
76561198061901170,Recommended,217690,10695102,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,deestar,"This game is a excellent example of the survival horror genre. It is reminiscent of the Nintendo Gamecube cult classic Eternal Darkness in that it is puzzle based and very much focused on horror that is in the main player characters mind rather than stalking zombies, or deadly plagues, or the apocalypse. The atmosphere is spooky and intimidating and the player has a wide variety of options in game that effect what achievements they get as well as the final outcome of the game. The only problem is that the controls are a bit touchy and there is no controller support for this game. Overall this game gets 4.5 out of 5 for horror ambiance."
,Recommended,217690,11615284,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Bob,"This game has a few issues. It doesn't start off on a good footing by making you sign up for some account that serves only to advertise another game before you start. The game itself is beautiful with a very dark, sinister atmosphere. The inventory system is not very good and the way of moving objects is useless. The puzzles are nigh on incompressible. The built in help system does nothing except either tell you to do things that you have already done or tell you things there are no help at all. I am not the best puzzle gamer, I will generally reach for a walkthrough more often than necessary but here quite early on I just gave up any attempt at solving the puzzles and followed a walkthrough in its entirety. There is a health meter but the game is really not that clear on what injures you so losing health just feels arbitrary. Through the game you collect intuitions and offers no explanation as to what they are but you need to work this out to progress to the final endings. All these things do not mean I did not enjoy this game, the mystery and the story kept me wanting to carry on. The multiple endings add a bit of replayability This game also comes with the original Anna so you can play that and realise that the terrible inventory, controls and incomprehensible puzzles are a significant improvement on the original. Completing certain endings on the original is dependent upon random events you have no control over happening which is annoying. So overall I am giving this a thumbs up, it is flawed but pull up a walkthrough and enjoy the atmosphere and story."
,Recommended,217690,10455049,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,〤 MrWorthless,"one of the best ''scary'' games ever created it isnt like most games that let you run in this one you can't run or hide they make you see everything and make you♥♥♥♥♥♥in your pants.it's worth the money and there are altenative finals maybe 4, not just one like most of the games."
76561197999327663,Recommended,217690,8572715,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,rysa,"This is an excellent game. A first person puzzle solver/thriller.The dark story and in game environment/music/events will more than likely give you goose bumps and you still wont be able to stop playing. It's cheap to purchase and I think it's a must buy for any gamer interested in this genre.The game has some aspects which are not at all obvious and I must admit I fell into the trap of referring to the steam forums for help on a few occaisions. Anyone attempting this game should seek some tips before starting but not spoilers (from someone who has finished it), and give it a red hot go without further help."
,Recommended,217690,8554649,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Overpathos,I can't describe this game because leaved to me so much emotions that i had to reset my brain to continue using it.
,Recommended,217690,12716970,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mesmerchair,"For me, Anna was a very confusing game, especially at the start. I mean starting outside in the pretty lush garden, very confusing.. Not saying it is bad. but also that you have to find certain items.. It's a puzzle game, with horror and adventure.. Getting past the first part wasn't too tricky.. getting the achievement.. the same really..Second part.. much more confusing.. more difficult to figure out.. And I am now at a stand still..But for me the game really is something worth playing and getting through.I am not into horror games usually and this game scares the **** out of me.. but I'd still recommend anyone to play this because it really gets you on your toes..There really is a lot to this game and I am sure that it'll become even weirder the further in I get.But as of this moment it's above average really."
,Recommended,217690,11693801,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This game is a Psychological horror with Puzzle exploration.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere are multiple Languages.There is a mouse Sensitivity (I do recommend to keep this at low, otherwise you could get a punishment).There is a Resolution Size and Quality settings.You can play this game in windows mode or Fullscreen.Main menu music is decently okay.You can turn the subtitles on or off.You are able to turn off or on the help system.You can change the controls.About the game.There is Dark atmosphere.Some ""Scary"" Events.Deep interesting good Storyline.There are Subtitles.Speeches are voiced over including with subtitles.Some Puzzles COULD be difficult.There is a ""help"" System for incase you get stuck. However, you are able to turn this off.The game has Multiple Endings.Sound is okay.You can use the mousewheel to scroll through items. But opening inventory is faster.Other things.YOU NEED A KEY IN ORDER TO PLAY THIS GAME - HOWEVER YOU GET THIS ONE AUTOMATICALLY ONCE YOU HAVE INSTALLED THIS.This requires a Kalypso Account.i have complete the game and it is very good. You might want to get this with a discount however.Just a Hint, do not turn the sensitivity of ur mouse high. Keep it at low, because you will get punished for it if you have it on high.Playing in window mode is not always super in this game. Because if you are scrolling around, there is a chance that you could click outside the border and click your desktop instead.Playing on lower resolution graphics, might be easier to find items.There are ""Time based event"" (SECRET) achievements.Sometimes you get stuck at something and that is really annoying. No, you can't jump!Game is short.Let's Try Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLqVaTdxf5AI give this game a rating of 9/10."
,Recommended,217690,8536097,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Photosynthesis,"Anna is a first-person adventure/horror game. What I liked most is the suspenseful atmosphere and the story. Game's setting changes drastically over a few stages: first you find yourself outside a wooden sawmill, observing as the sun glistens from a calmly running stream. You feel intrigued to get inside the house and learn of it's secrets. Once you're inside - it gets pretty spooky. You solve puzzles and trigger scripted and random events to progress in the story. The puzzles are satisfying but usualy don't make much sense and are not really intuitive. I had to look up a few playthroughs to solve some puzzles - couldn't come up with solutions myself. Once you reach a certain point in the story, the setting becomes really grim. With an unholy presence in the sawmill and ambient sounds that chill down your spine - the experience is quite satisfying even for a horror junkie. The game has multiple endings which adds some replay value. All in all, Anna is a decent game with some flaws regarding puzzles, but if you're up for the challenge and have plenty of spare time to come up somewhat ridiculous solutions to solve puzzles - get this game. 7/10"
76561198126605615,Not Recommended,217690,10086683,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,kimberinthegarden,WERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS MY CODE SPENT 3.00 CASH ON IT FOR ♥♥♥♥ING NOTJING WERES MY CODE
,Recommended,217690,12601554,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,DawnOfBuddy,"Anna, from start to finish she is all A's.The atmosphere of the game is very inviting and insidious at once. Just the exterior of the Sawmill is enough to make you curious about what is inside, and once inside, the door back out is always an option."
,Recommended,217690,12163503,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,愛 Peekajew :3 | xygaming.com,"The game is very nice,the story,the puzzle,the supernatural and the eerie feelings.These elements were mixed flawlessly :)Worth every penny ;)"
76561197975710695,Recommended,217690,12231003,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,dead_eye_dodo,"After playing Amnesia, this was recommended to me.I liked it a lot. For all the fans of Ego-Horror-Games (real horror games, not shooters), it's worth the money."
76561198013865579,Recommended,217690,9261142,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,nilen435,"Intresting story and good horror elements. But I think that some of the puzzels where a bit hard and illogical. Its better in the extended edition, but there are many hard ones and there more of them. I did not like the ""life bar"" which took me a long time to figure out it was a lifebar which maked it very hard in the end becouse its hard to get it back. The story feels slow since you just walk back and forth between a few rooms a lot when you are trying to figure out the puzzels. And that wooden figure who keeps changing places when you are not looking freaked me out during the whole game(the most scary thing in the game except the goat mask and the most cheap one!). The game has its very good atmospheric moments."
76561197991974886,Recommended,217690,10793846,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,JustFuckIt,"While the game is visually brilliant and the music is magical, I find it too twisted in terms of the alternate endings and solving puzzles. It feels like an interesting story not told well enough. The game is worth checking out though."
76561198014001987,Not Recommended,217690,19140814,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Himeko,It's pitched to be a game similar to Penumbra or Amnesisa. It's not. It's quite far from it in fact.
,Not Recommended,217690,8587500,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Soixante,"I am not recomending this game simply because I am having troubles with the key and when I tell it to send it to my email, it doesnt do so."
,Recommended,217690,8679001,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,The Cat Did It,"Scary, beautifully constructed environment, and a freaky story waiting to be unravelled."
,Recommended,217690,2323418,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,AvaDonKos,my brain hurts. piece of ... art.
,Recommended,217690,7887950,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,L-Bunny,"I get scared soooo easily, and this game made me scream non-stop the second I got into the House. I really enjoy the puzzles, and the story, it's difficult but charming! It reminds me of the joy I got when I was younger for figuring out something all by myself. I'd suggest this for anyone who likes to be scared and gets scared easily. All my guys friends were equally jumpy."
76561198050702663,Recommended,217690,14534648,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Riff666Master,"I do recommend it, but I couldn’t have done it without the help of some walkthroughs. The puzzles are often not based on common sense, but on some sinister dark knowledge of witchcraft it seems. So I guess I used about 50% doing walkthroughs. It is dark and deep  and I really like the music and sound effects, they really add to a good experience. So if you don’t use walkthroughs I wish you good luck, but if you’re not afraid to get a little online help every once in a while, it’s ok.The story is good, and once you’re inside you really get sucked into it! I’ve done my first playthrough now and had one of 8 endings. Not the final ending though, which I’ve seen on youtube and is really worth trying again in the not too distant future.The thing I really missed was the experience you have in Amnesia, Among the Sleep or Outlast, where you occasionally have to run for your life. I have to add, there isn’t really anywhere to run or hide :p but despite this, the music, fx, story and puzzles make it creepy as hell. Whenever I play games like this, with bad or average games, I sometimes start to wonder when it’s going to end. With Anna, I was sad it had already ended :pTotally worth it!"
,Recommended,217690,14711177,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Torsten,A disturbing game but a really good one.
76561198078988841,Recommended,217690,15777590,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Cmkmax21,"I keep playing and there seems to be no end. I love the atmosphere and the music and the story and just everything about this game. It was one of the first games in my steam library and I still play it today. If you are looking for a casual, creepy, puzzle, and adventure game with a thrilling story; then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,217690,15921382,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Dawson The Lamer,great game.... loved it ..... make a sequil!
,Recommended,217690,14473588,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,yagsimas,this game is hella rad and i love replaying it. rock on.
,Recommended,217690,14575024,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,lucifer.,Really cool game! I really like this different ways to finish the game. Sometimes I had to think about the riddles longer as others because somethings were hard to find out. I would buy it!
76561197972254946,Recommended,217690,14342859,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,merb,"A very immersive story in a well crafted environment. It's a challenging and rewarding puzzle solver with a well told horror story.The only minus would be the health/sanity system wich I feel fails to clarify why you're loosing points, a bit frustrating.Strongly recommended!"
76561198087238581,Recommended,217690,15458091,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Castorsia1,"Atmospheric, haunting, with a strong scenario. What else to ask from an adventure like that?"
76561197974085150,Recommended,217690,14686058,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Horde4Life,Tough to figure out puzzles if you don't like reading. But overall a good adventure and some great scares.
,Not Recommended,217690,22025399,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,FrozenFood,crazy adventure game logic that makes no sense. also jumpscares. very below par.
76561198009267149,Recommended,217690,13514174,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,☆M4j!k[x]☆,Really grimmy feeel to iT...
,Recommended,217690,13304518,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This is game is really cool because it takes a while to get into, but once you're in you're ♥♥♥♥ing in it. If you played Sanity's Requiem on Gamecube all those years back, you'll be familiar with the idea of your character's sanity being important to maintain or else you lose the game. The same goes with Anna, for as you explore the story and the sawmill you also bear witness to supernatural events (most of which are not alarming) which damage your sanity. I think this game is brilliant because the setting changes dramatically over time as you progress and make little decisions. The darker your choices, the weirder things get and the more supernatural events you'll see. This is the kind of game where so much care and thought has been put into backstory and trivia that you can't help but lose yourself in it, and that makes it really enjoyable. Brilliant and well worth getting! *****"
,Recommended,217690,12731341,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Voidspeaker,"Lovely, chilling, and absolutely terrifying (for me). Don't play if you have severe phobias of things sneaking up on you or of darkness. I was petrified the first time I tried to play this, 10/10 would recommend for people who don't normally do horror."
76561198012023582,Not Recommended,217690,19477199,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,lewrker,It looks good.. That's about it. Found nothing about the story or gameplay that would be compelling.
,Not Recommended,217690,19860145,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Wilde,this game is poopy like a butt
,Recommended,217690,19105399,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Sak,"Uses a third party application that deletes your account, and bans your product key. Just read the other reviews. If you do get it to work it is a great getting stuck simulator.would uninstall again 10/10"
,Recommended,217690,7301832,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,kim jong skillz,the scariest thing about this game is i paid at least 2 bucks for it
76561198059187167,Recommended,217690,16959408,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Water drinking alcoholic,"It has some issues, but has antosphere I`m glad to see that you did not abandoned it infact extendet it.Glad to see people who are not money grabing :D and got the extendet version free for the poeple who get the old copy of the game."
,Recommended,217690,167663,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,RadKit,"More creepy than scary, I just love how this games story is told.It is pretty short (probably two to four hours at most) and a lot of it makes zero sense at all. Some of the puzzles may require you to look up a walkthrough.The story itself is great however, and does make sense if you pay enough attention. Just asking that of gamers is a heck of a lot, and the fact that this game does, as well as its great atmosphere and voice acting... its definatly worth picking up."
,Recommended,217690,10060926,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Tasha,"Pros:- Good Atmosphere- Very Silent Hill inspired story- Great soundtrack- Beautiful graphics for an indie game- Many endingsCons:- Confusing plot- Just puzzles and no action/monster pursuits at all-  These puzzles may be hard for many users who will not follow any guide ( i had no problem with this but it's what i heard by friends )- Many puzzles don't make much sense, you will have to guess rather than think- English translation isn't THAT good ( it's a bit spanglish even if the game is italian)- Very indie voice acting- Just one location to explore, and it has few rooms.- Terrible open/close doors controls- Needs an ingame tutorial for the insanity bar and logic buttons- Too many games like this style nowdays ( Slenderman, Amnesia,etc) and it can't be really compared to them.I have got this game for less than 2 euros, so that's why i am recommeding it, but i won't do it anymore when price will go back to 6 euros."
,Recommended,217690,10339516,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,mtam7777,i love the game but it runs like crap. even on my BRAND NEW mac book pro (will 16 GB of ram yadaaa yadaa yadaa my specifications)i seriously can find no reasons why this would happen.fix your game please.
,Recommended,217690,10290621,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Th3 Profess0r,"I played the extended version and enjoyed it. This a spooky/creepy/supernatural mystery game, with little action, lots of puzzles and an unfolding story. It's first person, but uses point-and-click inventory and object interaction mechanisms. It reminds me somewhat of the Penumbra/Amnesia games but without the stealth and not as tense. It moves slowly and requires patience and a willingness to read a bunch of text from time to time (necessary for solving many puzzles), but I thought it worked well to tell an ever so slightly Lovecraftian tale."
,Recommended,217690,25792283,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Johnny,"Very short! However, for only some bucks it's still worth it!Gameplay feels great and jump scares will definitely take place!"
76561198036835384,Recommended,217690,9314671,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,beastkingzetta,ONE OF THE GREAT HORROR GAMES OF THE PAST 15 YEARSTURN OFF THE LIGHTS & TURN UP THE SPEAKERS !!!INJOY THE SMART PUZZLES
76561197999892327,Recommended,217690,25568372,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Serious,+ very unique horror game+ pretty graphics+ good soundtrack+ some difficult puzzles+ interesting story
76561198041040258,Recommended,217690,4714108,"Posted: 19 April, 2013",all,April Ryan,Very beautiful and interesting game!
,Recommended,217690,25222066,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,XxxWesleySnipesxxX,Some scary trees and a bunch of tough puzzles. It was good (6/10)
76561198045356802,Recommended,217690,25237667,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ElCodeMonkey,"Fun, interesting, puzzling, mysterious, and creepy. What more do you need? :-)"
,Not Recommended,217690,31365917,Posted: 25 April,all,ItsClemi,"Game is ok, but DRM kills it."
,Recommended,217690,7467784,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,EnjoyCoke,"This creeps me out like Hell.Great replayability, too... Get it!"
76561198118459493,Not Recommended,217690,8475041,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Hurdov Byson,Puzzles are not intuitive of satisfying and the story is not engaging.
,Not Recommended,217690,10153100,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Needa Pickle,"Don't buy this. I WOULD recomend it if I could actually play it. You need ot register the game with the developer or something, it's stupid and pointless.Save you're money."
,Recommended,217690,14301295,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Rascilon,"Anna - Extended Edition is a unique and extremely creepy adventure game.  In fact, I thought that the audio and visuals were even more disturbing that the arguable more famous Amnesia.  The story is interesting and unfolds gradually as the player interacts with different puzzles and objects in an abandonded house, piecing together the mystery of what happened there.  There is no dialogue interactions in the game but the storytelling is well done without them.  The steam overlay, widescreen resolutions and steam achievements are supported but unfortunately the controller is not.  Anna's strength is also it's weakness, it is maddeningly difficult to figure out how to solve the puzzles.  In fact, this is a game that is nearly impossible to complete without the assistance of a walkthrough video.  However, the several possible endings based on the choices you make bring some replayability to the game that is often missing from adventure titles.  In all, Anna is a succesful but flawed entry into the genre and should be considered by anyone who enjoys a difficult adventure game."
,Recommended,217690,13171096,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Tidreit,Anna is a great title for adventure and puzzle in order to find the truth.
,Recommended,217690,962161,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Hybrid,"This was surprisingly fun. It's quite unique, and although the puzzles can be unnecessarily difficult and/or obscure, the experience is thrilling and engaging. I'm planning to play through the extended edition next."
,Recommended,217690,10249328,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,♔[GEN]Mr_General_Gaming♔,Spending more time trying to get inside the house then I would getting scared about the amount of poeple wanting to♥♥♥♥♥♥you from Omegal
76561198036674160,Recommended,217690,12879345,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,WarTits,"I enjoyed this game, ALTHOUGH Steam spoiled the ending by giving me a Trading Card that said ""You know you did it."" >.>Dark ambiance, pleasant music, dead babies, and mannequins? Sweet."
,Recommended,217690,11705131,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,SirLoin of Burger,"8/10.   my only real problem with the game is the lack of direction or dialogue with small hints to help you figure out what to do next. it's easy to get stuck and roam the mill forever before figuring out what it is you need to do next.other than that, the most psycologically mind ♥♥♥♥ing game i've ever played"
76561198076398262,Recommended,217690,27316370,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tessyrose,..
,Recommended,217690,3864216,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Wolf,"Awesome game, want a head-cracking challenge? Buy this game."
,Not Recommended,217690,28983386,Posted: 3 January,all,Dhante,Not a fan!!
,Recommended,217690,24921284,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Jetti,Spooky masks r us
,Recommended,217690,7975771,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Kirlum,A real challeng... thats all there is to say.
,Recommended,217690,7977695,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,MEOWx3,Good game! :D
76561198169389371,Not Recommended,217690,30700095,Posted: 24 March,all,Javo Sixty Four,"This game is bad. The objects you are supposed to find are hidden in not very noticable spots, the graphical glitches makes the game impossible to progress, and it costs $10. This game is not worth playing even if it was free. Lets put it this way, it took me like 15+ mnutes to find everything to get into the HOUSE. That should have been 5 minutes tops and straight into the horror. Once the graphic glitches start, it makes the game impossible to progress because you CAN'T SEE ANYTHING. There are games better than this for like a dollar and this one makes you spend 10 on it. 2/10 Bad game."
,Not Recommended,217690,12794691,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Glen Chico,Need to get a blade that's lodged in a wooden table. Hammer? Nope. Knife? Nope. Screwdriver? Nope. Stick? Yep. STICK? ♥♥♥♥ING STICK? Nuff said.
76561197972258172,Recommended,217690,563136,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"Despite the some of the special effects feeling a tad dated, I can honestly and with a straight face say that I have never reacted to a game like I reacted to this one. I can understand that many may not feel the same way upon playing, but my friend Skye can attest to the fact that I was yelling in shock and anxiety repeatedly while make my way through the game. The sound design is phenomenal in that often when you hear a sound there's nothing there...but sometimes there is...and it's that 1-in-10 moment that makes you jump out of your seat. The same principle is applied to the 'inhabitants' of the sawmill. These elements combine to create a living, unpredictable, and malevolent environment that continually surprises and engages you. My only criticisms extend to the occasionally insane difficulty and abstract nature of some of the puzzles, and the lack of explanation of the so-called 'intuitions', which, given how pivotal they are in regards to your experience, lack any in-game explanation as to their importance or function. The Extended Edition has many improvements over the original (longer game length, more puzzles, increased graphical quality) and, in my opinion, completely redeems the experience. 8.5/10."
,Recommended,217690,5434718,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,pslpsl,Do Not Buy This Shxt !
76561198075576169,Not Recommended,217690,26458558,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Buck The HalfOrc,"Waste of money, don't buy. DRM blocked me from playing my own game because my ""key is already in use"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,217690,26265177,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,onlyonegaming,doesn't run smoothly even at minimum requirements. pile of crap.
,Recommended,217690,8227561,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,𝔸𝕄𝔸𝔻𝔼𝕌𝕊,"Personally, I found the story pretty immersive. Wasn't so fond of some of the long texts since they felt like a break in the actual gameplay, but they were generally interesting to read. I didn't get very far, however, because some of the puzzles were rather obscure; it was very easy to miss one little thing and be stuck for a loooong time. Since there are barely any tutorials for the Extended Edition, it made it that much harder to figure out what to do when I got stuck (which happened fairly frequently). Granted, though, I'm not that great at puzzles. So although I'd recommend it, it's certainly not for everyone, especially those with little time to play."
,Recommended,217690,8038970,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,admin potter,אנה - מהדורה מורחבת
,Recommended,217690,9222970,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,ptK,if you are gonna play/buy this game avoid to fall in love to Anna (she is crazy!)
,Recommended,217690,2252958,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,[GND] Jester,"An artistic, visionary psychological horror game with brilliant storytelling.  The atmosphere is both unique and bone-chilling.  Keep in mind that pretty much every negative review comes from people who lack the capacity to solve its puzzles and understand the game.  Full review is here:http://www.gnd-tech.com/content/906-Anna-Extended-Edition-Review"
,Recommended,217690,4462498,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,haku,A gloriously-looking adventure game. Any point and click adventure fan will enjoy this game
,Recommended,217690,1792101,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,rogermorse@tablet,"Stay away from this. How can they price this 10 euros...it is technically primitive in both graphics and interface. The 'gameplay' is not game nor play, and the solutions to the 'puzzles' are not those of a reasoning mind. The atmosphere is a bit creepy and ok, but really i don't even care to see the second ending. Another 'indipendent game' that tries to achieve something artistically 'different' from the mass. Sorry, would prefer something less experimental."
76561198032985162,Not Recommended,217690,12641411,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,phkempkes,Intro impossibly slow. Crashes at the first attempt to look around. [2016/10/15] Fade-ins/outs still take 30+ s each. Looking around has jumps in between. Intermediate scenes take 1+ minute before starting while you can do nothing. Did some development myself - never would publish such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI- shame.
,Recommended,217690,33140934,Posted: 2 July,all,Blodoffer,Bastante dolor de cabeza con este juego! muy bueno por que no da pistas de nada!!
,Not Recommended,217690,15071100,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,♥ Gia ♥,"Register this......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,217690,12267338,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,I have no idea what this is.Nice scenery though.2/10
76561198140229093,Recommended,217690,10775961,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ปีนตึกหนียาม,"DRM aside, this is a great game. It manages to be thought-provoking without sacrificing the fun or becoming pretentious. (*cough* Gone Home *cough*) It's not just about pagan folklore, but also the effect it has on sexual archetypes. I like the ending in particular.  Goddess VS woman. Male obsession. Makes you think about how harmful 'benevolent' sexism really is to those who don't fit the bill. And it stays nicely creepy all the while.Gameplay-wise, the puzzles are a bit too complicated. And I personally find the flashing screens annoying. (It probably should come with an epilepsy warning!) That said, the game has such a unique atmosphere I was ready to overlook all that and just immerse myself in it. The story is also about a classic mix of desire and fear. A delicious mix I would say.P.S. It says I only played for 2 hours. Actually, I've played it before on a friend's account. It took about 5-6 hours to finish, with guide."
76561198074120290,Recommended,217690,10705254,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,4k6,StunningMuch CultVery DisturbingSuch Scare
76561198076351553,Recommended,217690,10719720,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,shuxxx,"Creepy. A nice game to play at night, in the darkness, with a headphone and fullscreen. The story, well, is weird (duh).And... it gives me headache. Can't play for more than one hour."
76561198117290832,Recommended,217690,10824854,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,JennHeartsLove,"First, you probably want to know my sales pitch as to why I would recommend this game when I have yet to even complete it.  Until June the 30th, you can get this game for 1.99 at least (although there's always a chance it will be added to a flash or community choice that takes off even more of the amount - if not already.)I love horror genre in most all entertainment departments, so unfortunately I don't scare extremely easy.  So far, which after completing the game I might update the review, I have been pretty impressed.  I haven't slept now for going on a couple of days and I have not spent most of my time playing any games, but since the very first time I turned this game on - I just did not want to stop.  I am just as lost as the character I am playing.  I love how the journal is writing as I go along.  I'll admit I have to focus a little here and there because I'm trying to see the big picture before the small ones.  It's definitely got some creepy and supernatural going on here and I'm trying hard to take it all in and keep up.I actually feel as though I am living through this person and I am trying to put the pieces together at the same time.  I have just picked out a new book and my senses are being stimulated through more than just in my head and with my eyes.  I have now became this character.  I'm not sure exactly where I am going or what I am doing, but I'm desperate to figure it out!  And honestly, as a single player, I feel much more connected to the game than if I was playing it with someone else at this point.  I have stepped inside a book that is slowly unraveling itself to me, but I have to figure it out as I go along.I already know that I will replay this game over again.  I love that if you read in the information about the game - there are 8 possible endings!  I LOVE alternate endings based on my choices - even if I might mess up and it's game over, please try again.  I don't know the difference between the regular or extended version, and if I had a choice I would have still chosen the extended (I want it all - I want more!)  I am even really digging the soundtrack (which may be more girly?) but I really like it!  So, I am starting to babble on, and once I finish the game if I need to redo my review then I totally will (and btw, I feel so upset with myself when I take a peek at a hint or guidebook, but I'm going to admit that I totally did with one eye shut!)  I still am not sure what some of the things that come up in the game are for or how I use them.  I decided just to go with it and try to figure it out as I go along.  It took me a few minutes to realize that I could toss things and open and move them with my hands.  I keep forgetting it's not a point and clicker.  And I will be paying more attention to look out for Dreampainters, and I am one of those people who needs a sequel quite often.So, this is my review so far, since I thought this was an amazing price for this game.  I've paid more for games and I haven't felt as excited to see what's going to happen next.  I could go on comparing 2 dollar items vs. the game but I will just end here until I have completed the game, for the first time around, and then, I will read what I wrote to see how I feel about it after that."
,Recommended,217690,10818762,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,LinuxCharms,The game isn't terribly scary.But that doesn't mean it's not just down-right creepy.It's one of those games that gives just enough sound effects mixed with randomly appearing witches that it gives you the heeby-jeebies; and a good story line never hurts either.
,Recommended,217690,10716895,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Miebk,Pretty creepy.11/10.
76561198025284948,Recommended,217690,3617443,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,DarkMatter,"A challenging, terryfying game that seems to emulate some of Amnesia: The Dark Descent's best qualities while still reamaining fresh. Multiple endings increase longetivity to an otherwise very short, but sweet eperience. If you can grab this one on sale you will get your scares and not break the bank."
,Recommended,217690,4546575,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,Cogbro,"I fully reccomend the Extended version. This was the way the game was meant to be. The confusing puzzles have been redone to make more sense, and there is logic to the game now. Fully enjoyable puzzler with an interesting story and eye-gasmic detail. Glad to see the developers listened to the community and fixed what was needing to be fixed."
,Recommended,217690,9679650,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Gezzi,"Do not bother buying this game. It is alright I guess but there is no way you can beat this without assistance from a walkthrough. You can also get motionsickness from playing this as well as it has numerous glitches which prevent you from finishing the game. It is ""scary"" because of the demon feel but I do not reccomend buying this game"
76561198057210037,Recommended,217690,7407909,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,sin_dedos,en el juego no mataras a nadie por que el peor enemigo es tu mente.grafico 7musica 9argumento 9jugabilidad 7dificultad 8pd= 8 finales distinto.
76561198048856324,Recommended,217690,9449028,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,IceCity,Weird game.6/10
,Recommended,217690,9538467,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,DeathMinister |LAB|,"Anna is a first person adventure game involving the supernatural and psychological horrors held within an old mountain sawmill/home that has fallen into disrepair.  You play as an, apparently un-named, history professor who has been mysteriously drawn the sawmill by a strong feeling of deja vu when he finds pictures of the place in his closet, despite having no memory of the place.When I watched the trailer on Steam I noticed that most of the objects in the game aren't even animated, and almost passed by this game because of it.  While it is true that there is almost no animation outside of physics objects, the mood and setup was all that's needed to emerse me into the game.  Also, because many of the objects are stationary, it led me to question whether the house is in fact haunted or if the man I was playing as was going insane.  It's obvious that this was an intentional choice as the game uses clever placement to ensure that you're not looking when certain objects move or materialize, which to be honest did make me jump a few times.The story of what happened at the sawmill and the ways in which I was required to reveal it are also better than I expected.  The things I was required to do to find out the truth made me question the sanity of the man I played as, and the truth itself is something that would probably cause the average person to go insane.  None of that ""Timmy fell down a well and died and now he's a ghost that feels betrayed"" crap.What little music is in the game is very good and, along with the sounds, enhances the experience of the game.My only negative criticism is that some of the puzzles require ridiculous logic to try to solve on your own and there are usually clues for each one they are either hard to find or not nearly enough to get you close to a solution.Recommended for anyone who likes adventure puzzles, solve it yourself stories, and psychological horror."
,Recommended,217690,9556389,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Uncle_J,"Every time I try too log in to play ANNA, I enter my CD key and it says ""invalid key"""
,Recommended,217690,9404906,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Fox!,"Anna: Extended Edition includes the original game Anna that was released a year earlier and improves vastly on it in UI, puzzle difficulty, visuals, story content and many other ways. Many players have lamented the need to register and log in with a seperate account for the kalypso service of the publisher! You have been informed!A very atmospheric first-person horror adventure that emphasizes story over pacing with a lot of reading involved when you want to get invested in its narrative. Most of the puzzles are rather hard to solve without either the ingame help feature or external walkthroughs. Yet all the necessary information is in the game, be it in the collectible books, notes or visual environmental hints. Just don't expect your run of the mill puzzle solutions like in most of todays adventures.Completionists be warned, this game is a nightmare to complete 100%.Overall you can expect a lot of replayability  with several unique endings and the option to find out more about the ingame history. If you are willing to invest that time then the atmosphere will consume you and present you a horror experience of a kind you do not see very often.If you are into this subtle kind of horror this game is worth the time and money."
76561198069285592,Recommended,217690,9417518,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,NIRAHC,It is not a scary game. it just plays mind tricks on you to think that scarythings are going or are happening. 71/100
,Recommended,217690,2640519,"Posted: 23 September, 2012",all,ivan @DEAD MEN_*****@,Scary and beautiful game.
,Recommended,217690,6402668,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,bellbuni,"Frustrating at times, but a fantastic Indie game with a great concept. Beautiful, too."
,Recommended,217690,994800,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Keeks,This game is tense as hell. Will send shivers down your spine!
,Recommended,217690,8580674,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,dextrous,"The first time I played Anna I didn't ""get it"" - but the Extended Edition is a lot better. The story was more comprehensive and many hauntings and puzzles had been added or improved. It may not be everybody's cup of tea but I was creeped out through most of the first version - then I played Extended in a group and we were all equally creeped out and delighted!It's pretty and atmospheric, but not without gameplay(puzzles) like a lot of artsier games tend to lack.Great soundtrack!"
,Recommended,217690,10534415,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Scrandwich,This game has some stunningly beautiful graphics and the ability to keep you on your toes the entire time with the lighting and atmosphere of the enivronment. I recommend playing at night in a dark room to get the most out of the game.
,Recommended,217690,9606426,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Begasus [MMold],"Very nice adventure game, nice puzzles."
,Recommended,217690,4417911,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,Slayer,"Ооо0о... самая мозго-вышибательная, неординарная, нелогичная игра из всех, что играл за свои г0да. Куча задорно-подкрученных головоломок. Насыщенность, сначало приятной и красивой музыкой, потом все постепенно укатывая в мир мрака и скрипа полов. Конечно, если вы не любите думать и гадать, то игра не для вас. Но игра имеет не одно прохождение. Зазывая перепройти ее еще раз. В принципе, если Вы любитель поломать мозг, то игра для Вас. Я же пройдя ее, почуствовал свое серое вещество куда более насыщенным, чем прежде."
76561198068589827,Recommended,217690,9049126,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,banana,Anna is a fun and scary game without the feeling of being rushed. The puzzles are really fun to figure out yet still gives you the chills while playing.
,Recommended,217690,1964105,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,cristomeyers,"Get it for cheap, pull up a guide, and just experience the story.  It's atmospheric, creepy as all hell, and a somewhat compelling story but it's also crippled by wonky controls and puzzles that could only be solved by brute force trial and error.  If you like atmosphere and story, hit it once it goes on sale.  If you're a fan of old-style adventure puzzle games you may want to just pass."
76561197968247577,Recommended,217690,306375,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,Ezekielsims,"Great atmosphere, very good Indie game"
,Recommended,217690,13530108,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Scarf Ninja,"Wonderful atmosphere, very interesting story, beautiful music. Scary as heck at some points. Definitely recommended as a good scary puzzler."
76561197962320786,Recommended,217690,117844,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Mr.Nefarious,"Anna was a very short, yet enjoyable game. The story was very well written and the atmosphere and soundtrack were phenomenal. It is rare to find a game with a story so captivating that whenever you are away from it, all you can do is think about what will happen next. It took me about 6 hours to beat Anna and I unlocked one of eight possible endings. As for the horror aspect of the game - Anna will make you jump a quite few times - the scenes were well thought out and weren't cheesy like any of the FEAR games. Anna incorperates a 'Sanity Meter' similar to that of Eternal Darkness on Gamecube, the more unnerving images that your character sees/experiences the more sanity is drained from the meter, resulting in more horrific images. If the Sanity meter is depeleted the game will end. You can replenish Sanity by completeing various puzzles throughout the game. Just a heads-up, puzzles range in difficulty from Easy to ""♥♥♥♥ this, I'm looking up a walkthrough"". Anna was an ejoyable gaming experience and well worth the cost of admission, give it a shot."
,Recommended,217690,4105118,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,Kaze,Anna litteraly put chills down my spine.  A great horror adventure.
76561197966619209,Recommended,217690,18519241,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Virck,"TL;DR 33 minutes worth of vocal/interactive content for 10$ - think about that.Very short review, unless you enjoy riduculous puzzles that make sense only after you complete them, like adding spokes to a bike tire after inflating a flat piece of rubber with air, but before that you had to combine a door handle with a soder pipe....why the complecations?  I love the story of the game, but even as I watch a ""speedrun"" (that takes about 37 minutes) I can't feel anything other than extreme disappointment for the lack of content for the price.  37 minutes worth of ACTUAL content for 10$ - think about that."
,Recommended,217690,3743505,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,ҒΔΠTΣM,"I͏f you're looking for an atmospheric horror game, I'd recomend this one. Sets the mood very well, has a great story, and has very beautiful / horrific (in the good way) graphics.The controls kind of suck, so you'll probably have to reassign the button commands, but after those few minutes, you won't be dissapointed. There's also lots of optional reading material, if you're into that kind of thing like I am. Worth the money, and then some."
,Recommended,217690,18807822,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ZEE MUFFIN MAN [Frodwirt],"This game tells an excellent, engaging story, although I really would have rather had more focus on the cult and Anna rather than the story of the main character.The puzzles can be very ridiculous, but overall I loved the experience."
,Recommended,217690,11146430,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Traveller,"It has jump scares that, unlike most horror games, aren't basically quicktime ""run or game over"" events.  Instead they really get in your head.  It makes you afraid to turn around, which is a nice change.  ""Find items, combine items, use items"" combined with a pretty darn creepy setting and background materials, and it's satisfyingly thinky without any real bash-head-against-wall puzzles.  A bit short though, and I don't expect to get much replayability out of it.All in all, the horror genre thrives on every game being a little different--different mechanics, different fears.  This game is sufficiently different from other genre games that it really works.  Within the horror genre, highly rated.  Without the horror, it's just a fairly cerebral point-and-click adventure game, so if horror isn't your thing there might not be a lot for you here."
,Recommended,217690,12213436,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,LadyPyramidHead,"One of the greatest horror games out there, very psychological with an intriguing and tragic story.The only issue I have with this game are the bugs, that have made it unplayable for me.If they get those fixed I would give it a 9.5 out of 10, it's just that amazing.If you are a fan of Silent Hill or classic Horror Adventures, you'll more than love this game."
,Recommended,217690,12238758,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Skinjob,Really enjoyed the atmosphere and story.
,Recommended,217690,6791803,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Konacchang_JP,幻想的な世界のホラーアドベンチャーゲームです。一応視点はFPS。どういうわけか、家の目の前からスタートし、直後は家に入れません。きっと、説明されてるのでしょうが、英語なのでさっぱりです。と、いうわけで、非常に綺麗な世界観を見る、という点でお薦めです。
,Recommended,217690,193844,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Fix,"A great concept marred by bitterly pityful execution.What starts out to be a promising logical puzzle horror adventure game turns out to be a completely irrational, illogical set of clicks and attempts by the player to try to guess what the developers intended to happen with little or no feedback at all. Even the in-game hints system is vague at best.The controls for inventory and using items is very annoying and lacks fluidity. The forced walking speed is an annoyance, especially when there is a fair amount of backtracking throughout the game involved.You also can not describe this title as a horror survival either, as its not possible to die.Some nice touches of horror brushing through the gameplay but very weak and suspense is not sustained properly in-game, which causes the scares to be cheap jumps rather than actual in-your-head horror. Not very obvious but there are 3 different endings which is always a nice touch to implement into any game.I'm a fan of this genre so its great to see games like this get developed and out into the commercial world, especially by independant developers but if unpolished titles like this were released out often the genre would be soon dead and forgotten.Worth a couple of quid in the sale and you have an interest in horror type games, but avoid paying full whack."
,Recommended,217690,7680727,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Brojero,"This is one of those games that if you play it in the dark, you genuinely do get a bit jumpy- and the way you handle the controls seems to effect the sanity of your character- which messes with the way you play. Very mysterious game,  great environments; the puzzles are possibly TOO complex? It's like a horrific version of myst with added point and click item use. Anyway I give it a 6.5/10  would have been higher if the scare-tactics were a little more related to actual gameplay as opposed to time played."
,Recommended,217690,625088,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Raseht,"This is an interesting game. On the surface it seems like an indie company's exposition, but this game offers a refreshing horror experience. Instead of making looking at ghosts the main mechanic (a la Fatal Frame), this game lures you into sense of security, realizing that what you see is frightening only after the image has seeped into your mind. Let me be clear, the controls are awkward and the graphics do not have the polish of a big title; Anna makes up for it in character and some good scares. Just when you think it's safe to look...she looks back."
76561197995086333,Recommended,217690,1582782,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Destiny883,"I first bought this game both out of curiosity and because of its low price, and in the end I don't regret my choice: Anna was an intriguing game, and quite creepy too, with good music and a nice dark setting. Puzzles are in fact pretty hard to resolve, since many of them are just... illogical, but that is part of the reason I like this game for: it's not like all the other horror games, you can be sure of that. On the bad side, I didn't like the graphic and the physic engines, a little too old-looking for a 2012 game."
,Recommended,217690,6806925,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,cely776,super scary and the music is awesome!
76561198076916084,Recommended,217690,8005849,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Jathre,"This game leaves behind mixed emotions. On the one hand it is a good story with deep atmosphere and not bad puzzles, on the other hand some parts of the game have terrible design (it is completely impossible to finish the game on your own without using guides, because there is no ingame information about ""intuitions""). So, it's a not bad game, but it could be better."
,Recommended,217690,6455882,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Matgro,An epic game
76561198067404702,Recommended,217690,9088076,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,TheOnePercent44,"So, I know this game got some pretty bad reviews by big critics. I'm going to have to stop you there.At first glance, this game appears to be an incredibly confusing and non-intuitive system. Sure, you've got the basic menu, click and point and click item use mechanic, you can walk and look just like normal. Crouching, but no jumping. And then you look around and realize you have no idea what you're supposed to do. Or that you do, but you can't. Perform the ritual? Ok, sure... how do I do that? What am I missing?Well, yes, yor objectives can be pretty obscure. More importantly, it can be easy to miss crucial items you might need, depending upon the path you choose. But, if you're careful, check everything twice, and read everything at least once (journals, books, letters, etc), the answers are all there. Experiment with things, and eventually, with the knowledge you gain from the protagonist's intuitions and documents scattered about, you will find the way.Keep in mind that in the original game there were only three endings, with one ""true"" ending. The extended edition has eight, giving moer variance than ""leave now, leave then, or win the game."" You can reach the end in the extended edition and STILL BE WRONG. It means you missed something along the way. But maybe you like that ending better. While there is a eries of events that must be performed to progress at all, the steps you take in between can matter greatly.Will you scour the depths of hell to find Anna? Or will you leave with your sanity and your life? Or perhaps you will follow in the footsteps of the Sabot Maker? I don't know, but if you don't choose carefully, you'll find your carelessness chooses for you.3.5/5, for obscurity but ingenuity."
,Recommended,217690,9627465,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,ixurge,"This is a good game! wow! excellent atmosphere, a very good technical execution, maybe a bit short and sometimes difficult but if you can find it on sale and you like horror adventure games give it a try!"
76561198021296059,Recommended,217690,3352074,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Altemia,Honestly an amazing game. Well designed. Must be nice to have design when creating a game =P
76561198059420416,Recommended,217690,6119760,"Posted: 2 October, 2012",all,Snoblind,"The game Anna is a beutiful, creepy, and understanding game and the theme music is amazing! If you play this game you may have to think... alot because this game requires common sense and logic but this game still can keep you on the edge of your seat (depending on what type of person you are). The ten dollars are definatley worth it, But i do have one small complaint... THE GAME IS KINDA SHORT!"
76561198088522344,Recommended,217690,7144453,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Me®®ilsMa®aude®s™,terrifying experience and state-of-the-art graphics textures
,Recommended,217690,9811836,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,homeless man,The puzzles were like extremely hard but it had a cool atmosphere and it was worth playing it was a unique experience
,Recommended,217690,9705204,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,s h i b i t h o e,"It's not easy to scare me, but the silent, but disturbing atmosphere really got me. Needless to say I spent a lot of my time crying in a corner while a can was thrown at me."
,Recommended,217690,959879,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,Vulpes Vulpes,Don`t even try this logic. Very hard puzzle.
76561198031333748,Recommended,217690,7949365,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Kilgamesh,"+Very creepy and atmospheric, with a few very good puzzles.-The further into the game you get, the more obtuse the puzzles become.  Also, there is an avoidable game-breaking glitch about halfway."
,Recommended,217690,6039669,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Rzombie,"If your into Horror and Puzzles then this game is a must have!  Be warned though, the puzzles aren't exactly a walk in the park."
76561198068067980,Recommended,217690,6521506,"Posted: 23 September, 2012",all,Dodli,not worth it
,Recommended,217690,10051945,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Chuunks,"This is a mind-twist/horror game with a clunky point-click interface and unintuitive puzzles. There were many things that work and they did great, but too often I found myself clicking with my new inventory item on *everything* to see how to use it.The game is played best without any sort of guide, it will lull you and make the random jump or line-of-sight scares more effective.  The story is not-terrible, but it's equally not-fantastic -- and it leaves a lot up to interpretation.Worth pulling off your backlog one night."
76561198083566721,Recommended,217690,10053518,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Nvidia Hairworks™,"DON'T OPEN THAT DOOR, MASON! SHE'S IN THERE AND SHE WON'T STOP FOLLOWING YOU QwQ"
76561198006555024,Recommended,217690,2377494,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Mephistophiplease,YES YES YES
,Recommended,217690,11762888,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,KarmasObsession,"Love the game and love the anxiety lol if ur wearing a headset and playing in the dark at night its on a whole new level. The gme does however freeze a lot and Kalypso takes forever to send confirmation emails, its worth the money especially since its on sale right now!"
,Recommended,217690,6117599,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,bussy?,"This game is an amazing piece of art. The music is wonderful, and the graphics are amazing. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes beautiful graphics and an amazing soundtrack. The story wasn't that great, and the puzzles didn't make much sense, but it's still an amazing game.Story: 7/10Music: 10/10Graphics: 8/10 ( know I said it has amazing graphics, but it's a little too bright. XP)"
76561198044601011,Recommended,217690,7542652,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Rudolf,Very spooky.
,Recommended,217690,2152925,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,TheLadyCodex,"This game is worth every penny and I don't recommend playing it alone. The puzzles are fun, but very complicated, expect to have to scan every object in every room to try and figure out the solution to all the puzzles. Just make sure you can handle every creepy thing that might be there to jump you.Is it as scary as Slender? Slender doesn't even rank on the scare chart in comparison.From step one the game abandons you to its mercy. There is no in game tutorial for the controls. You get one non-terrifying level to try and learn everything you can about how to work your character, then it's straight into the dark wooden house. The second you walk through the door you're subtly assaulted with creepy noises and bodiless voices, flashing red lights, occult symbols...oh and some maybe-not-so-friendly artist mannequins.Instead of health bar, your character gets a sanity meter. Scary things happen and the sanity meter depletes - be careful! If the meter depletes completely it's game over. Your goal is to find out why you're so attracted to this saw mill and who exactly is Anna. No real weapons, no monsters popping out from every corner for you to kill, just that sanity meter and the puzzles to solve. (Thankfully there's a helpful completely spoiler free guide to the puzzles if you get too stumped)The artistic style is beautiful, the controls are actually fairly simple, the puzzles not so much. The puzzles are made doubly complicated by the scary events that are happening around you. The environment and the AI interaction really immerse you in the game. This game is perfect for fans of horror games and movies. I dare you to play with the lights out."
,Recommended,217690,10660174,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Samurai Goldfish,"Theres some pros and cons with this one. graphically it looks great, and the mystery makes me want to keep going. However the cons start with the music and sounds. inside the house theres looping music which if your kinda stuck on a puzzle will really begin to get on your nerves. I really think that if it had NO music inside the house at all it would be more creepy and make the game better. Some of the puzzles are really hard to figure out on your own and i had to resort to looking online for a couple of answers.Overall i think it was worth the steam sale price, but it still feels a little alpha-ish. I can recommend for the $3 for sure, but would not part with my cash for the full price."
,Recommended,217690,5283061,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,[AG7] Orblitzer,"An alright game, puzzles are harder than expected. not really horror compared to Penumbra and Amnesia: Justine but still a good game"
76561198018999863,Recommended,217690,3212621,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,HarrisPrince,BELLO
76561198161393554,Recommended,217690,26304326,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,victor,"All I can say is that this game is beautiful. Not only are the graphics amazing and the music immersive, but the puzzles are actually interesting and it makes you wanna play more! The plotline is really nice too and everything about this game makes me smile! Bravo (:"
76561197988605267,Recommended,217690,1179680,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,₳ʂɱΦɳɗɑɨ,"Athmospheric puzzel game that takes the player into a mysterioussaw-mill in a middle of nowhere, no way out but to push inside the buildingin search for anwsers to this occuring dream and the women named Anna.Graphics is wonderful and nice to look at when particular effects take place.The feel of the game is mysterious and slightly scary, with weird things happeningaround you, accompanied by a well done music by the Chantry band.The puzzel elements are overly challenging, the game not giving any general hints(unless you wait for 5-10 min for the games option to kick in)and some of logics behind them escapes from general players mind.(Use a acorn on a eye to burn it so it may unlock a door.....oooookay...)Story in the game is intriquing and can pull the player to wonder the mysterythat happened here, althou that is generally spoiled more or less once the1st strange drawings appear on the walls.Still, kept me going just to see what´s happening and the ending,kinda of a let down, was still interesting.Suitable for more old school puzzel gamers (Sierra moon-logic ahoy!),and not really worth it´s price as it currently is.4/10"
,Recommended,217690,5324523,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Prince Albert,"Awesome atmosphere, genuinely♥♥♥♥♥♥yer-pants scary at times. Story was a great idea, but is a bit lacking. Gameplay is puzzle-based, so be prepared for some headscratchers after you get inside the house."
,Recommended,217690,7534229,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Apognwsi,"Terror, Atmosphere and a lot of Mystery mixed together to make this wonderful game! It's a must!"
,Recommended,217690,5579099,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Zangorwarrior,"This game is very confusing to follow. The puzzles are nonsensical, the graphics are unfinished, the story dosen't develope very well, there's only 1 good scare in the game and the facade of the mechanic of having to combine one item with one item to create an item to solve a scenario is just tedious. This game has 3 endings and once you complete all of it, there is no replay value from here on it. Because of it's confusing game structure, the game for me, dosen't leave me wanting more. This game, along with Q.U.B.E., is one of the most confusing games I have played so far. 4/10."
,Recommended,217690,23370846,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,sith aesthetic,I REALLY liked the idea of this game. I had a really hard time getting it to work on my computer. Get it on super sale if you can and you enjoy short horror games that don't rely on jumpscares to get a rise outta ya.
76561197967664913,Recommended,217690,286867,"Posted: 6 October, 2012",all,Apostle,This game is very exciting and well worth the time and money.
,Recommended,217690,3465399,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Persephone,"VERY creepy and eerie. On the same page as Amnesia, but I think this one has more puzzles. Still, it's DEFINITELY worth getting!"
76561198103322673,Recommended,217690,22751471,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Danamite,"Creepy, pretty, but a bit short. Aside from a few small bugs, this game works very well."
,Recommended,217690,22694144,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,goc9000,"This was awesome. Very well done, genuinely scary at times, enthralling all throughout. The only downsides are that it crashes on Mac (so play it on Windows only), and it's not easy to figure out on your own what causes you to lose health."
,Not Recommended,217690,22835834,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,omgtabby,Weird visuals and cult like accoutrements are only the visual trappings of a horror game. Anna fails to deliver an actual horror game experience with the lack of any imminent threat to the player and relies solely on atmosphere that quickly loses its charm when you try to complete nonsensical puzzles.
,Recommended,217690,23076382,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Solum,"As someone who owned this game before extended edition, the first release had bugs but it was more simple and easy to finish.Personally what I love most about this game is the music (Really nice soundtrack) and the art is pretty amazing as well.I do admit puzzles are pretty ""Wtf am I doing"" or ""Maybe if I keep clicking something will happen"" but overall it's not that bad of a game.7/10."
76561198050750789,Not Recommended,217690,5496099,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,tAreqSm1Le'^^!,"From start i will tell you something  , I was being to addict this gamebut after one day from bought  .  actually i saw something  forcing me to leave this game  why i don't want to play this game because The story of game is fable , Fictional , unbelievable , polytheism , unbelief , symbols so strange.At the End i Recommend you guys don't buy this game , don't waste your money for game won't give you a fun . like this a bulshit game . i blamed my self why i played it : please don't purchase it ..........<"
,Recommended,217690,20219031,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,StoryTale,"This game scared the **** out of me. Super creepy and a complete mind ♥♥♥♥. I loved it. I usually go back and try to replay to get all the achievements though I don't know if I can in this game, it scared me too much. Don't play alone in the dark. Actually, do play alone in the dark. It's better that way."
76561198052025060,Recommended,217690,5565443,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Maethoriel,It's so good that I don't care that I'm screaming and crying at the horror it's putting me through.
,Not Recommended,217690,21219308,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,A_Girl_has_no_Name,"I was really pumped to play this game, the storyline seems fantastic. I can't get anywhere in this game. It has crashed on me everytime I've tried to play and reading other reviews it seems to have been an ongoing problem. Doesn't seem like it's going to be fixed soon. Waste of money. Do not buy."
76561198042831675,Recommended,217690,21399185,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Painge,"Cool Game, Really enjoyed it. Just the right amount of Puzzles and story. A bit difficult had to look things up a few times."
76561198077781539,Recommended,217690,20388541,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Shiny Sylveon,"It's kind of tough to figure out! I got kicked out of the house a few times, kinda made me mad but overall it's an interesting game. I love the music too"
,Not Recommended,217690,20648389,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,locuteus,"Talk about hard. This game is near impossible to complete on your own. I eventually had to Google several of the puzzles. If you like a HARD challenge, then this is for you, if you want something more like Myst... leave it alone."
,Recommended,217690,20168948,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Airibelle,Not Mountain.
76561198021763379,Recommended,217690,20074716,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SETO,"Que juego Anna....Hacia mucho que no jugaba algo asi, empecemos por algunas cuestiones basicas:Camara, graficos, musica, puzzles TODO esta muy bien logrado, hasta te puedo decir que se pone dificil en ciertas partes, pero la ambientacion que tiene este juego...ESTAS EN LA CASA VOS MISMO. Las cosas que pasan te van sumergiendo dentro de la historia hasta que te ves encerrado en el contexto de la historia, queriendo saber hasta el ultimo instante que es lo que esta pasando que fue lo que pasó y como vas a salir de todo esto.SIn dudas este juego, simulador porque no? Te muestra una aventura de suspenso con toques de terror que te deja &%$· hasta las patas....Agarrarlo de noche con vol fuerte o auriculares... y vamos a ver si vas a querer avanzar. 9/10"
76561198024764010,Recommended,217690,20310598,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Broken iluds,Awesome game! Pretty inmersive and disturbing. I really enjoy it.
,Recommended,217690,28479726,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Louise,"I'd recommend this if you enjoy puzzle games. If you've ever been to an escape room kind of thing in real life then you'll love this game. You might want to get a couple of friends over or at least have a guide you can refer to when you get stuck because it's a pretty hard game. A lot of things are easy to miss and still essential to being able to progress further.The controls feel wonky at times and the game can be buggy but then again it was made by kalypso (the same people who made tropico). The way you use items and handle your inventory is probably the most uncomfortable part. Your character can't jump or run but you can crouch with C. The way you open doors feels kinda like Frictional Games, but you can't right click to just perform an action and need to drag instead. The game also makes you log in to kalypso's platform so I always had to launch it in windowed mode and then alt+enter after logging in so it wouldn't crash.It's a great game but it could have been way better."
,Not Recommended,217690,1726328,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Captain Smiles,"Frustratingly pretentious, poorly written, and is one of those horrible old-style adventure games that requires moon-logic to work.Save your money on this one, folks, and dodge the faux-intellectual bullet that is Anna."
,Recommended,217690,16196299,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,[BOT],"Doesnt work on my pc, for some reason it just crashes all the time."
