user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197991756666,Recommended,217920,18161481,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,nerk hayze,"Good Game, especially if you have no internet (doesn't have cloud save)If you like Mass Effect, Alien games. FPS.& UNFORTUNATELY...your internet is down,this is the game for you.-Graphics are breathtakingly beautiful.-It is played in FPS mode throughout.-Linear story played in chapters/levels.-Challenging.-You will find yourself confessing to yourself""HOW UNDERRATED THIS GAME IS""!!-Same company that madeEnemy Front,&Sniper Ghost Warrior.Brilliantly reminscent of Mass Effect & Alien games we know.http://store.steampowered.com/app/217920/100% Essentially RecommendedGame On.."
76561198087794419,Recommended,217920,19709899,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"Recommend for Casual Gamer & Hardcore GamerFirst 2 hours experince:*Wow! My laptop(Nvidia GT650M) run 60fps on high setting! Well optimized game!After 4 hours experince:*Those bosses is really challenging! I will looking forward!After 6 hours experince:*Until now, the map is still similar, repetitive encounter...*After 8 hours experince:*Beat the game with easy difficult, but still feel that is hard! (Some boss)Enjoyment: 8/10+High quality graphic! (2013 tech)+Impressive design for boss & mech!+Bullet impact can break barrier+No reload for alien weapon+Good gun sound effect+Allow to pilot alien mech+Easy to get headshot streak+Leaderboard+Replayable with upgraded perks to improve score-Limited map variation-Limited weapon variation-No coop in multiplayer-Bug: Sometime just cannot continue next area, stuck at same checkpoint-Player is lonely...-Near to end of the game, the less fuel barrel can be foundGAME MODE:*Campaign:= Linear Story= Replayable with upgraded perks to improve score*Multiplayer:= Yes, but is empty.Worth buying?*Yes, for 2013. But if you can wait, on sale will have 80% off*No, for RPG gamer."
,Recommended,217920,31372065,Posted: 26 April,all,Two Clicks,"BITESIZE:SIMILAR GAMEPLAY TO:Dead Effect, Doom 3, Duke Nukem, Aliens: Colonial Marines.WHAT TO EXPECT:Sci-fi themed.  Old-skool-ish.  Linear/corridor FPS.  Tough battles.  Unforgiving combat. Frustrating at times. Levelling with abilities.  Poor multi-player support.  Multiple playthroughs required.ACHIEVEMENTS:VARIED.  A few are glitched but completeable.STATUS:COMPLETE.WHEN TO BUY:ON SALE. For retro FPS fans.More info below....THE LOWDOWN:Alien Rage - Unlimited is a sci-fi themed, corridor FPS set in the far distant future where mankind competes against a powerful alien race for rare mineral resources.  Players taken on the role of a marine character who is sent to make contact with a mining colony that has stopped transmitting.  With access to numerous types of alien and human weapons and unlockable abilities, the quest changes quickly from one of discovery, to one of survival against the odds.There is a singleplayer campaign comprising of fourteen missions with three difficulties; challenging, hard and brutal.  Levels are linear in design and divided into sections that become blocked off as the player progresses.  Mini-bosses must be defeated on most levels.  Collectible audio logs and score bonuses are hidden across maps.  Aliens spawn in groups and add to the score when killed.   As the score rises up to twelve combat abiliites become available, of which three can be selected at any one time.  Killing enemies in a certain way such as headshots or with exploding barrels, gives a higher points total.  Team-based versus is the only multiplayer mode available, across a couple of small sized maps.THE GOOD:+ Top quality voice overs.  Dialogue is well written and nicely voiced.  It delivered at a great tempo and and really keeps you immersed throughout your playthrough(s).+ Good graphics but overly blue for my eyes.  Amazing lighting.  All in keeping with the heavy sci-fi aesthetic.+ Decent range of mecha influced enemy models, weaponary used & behaviour from; tanks, damage dealers, teleporters and flying assault types.  Mini-bosses are particularly satisfying to beat.+ Good range of player weapons in looks, sounds and functionality.  Each with its own secondary fire mode.+ Player abilities are more or less unique and selectable across difficulties or games, once unlocked with a profile.+ Nice effects; explosions, damage, background sound and general ambience.THE BAD:- Unforgiving combat on Hard and above.- Checkpoints dont save picked up collectibles or ammo counts.- Much-needed dropped weapons disappear on reload.- Checkpoint placements are at inappropriate locations like just before a key battle (after youve already defeated it!)- Poor multiplayer support.- Experienced only a very few graphics glitches on my AMD Raedeon card.- Achievements are okay for the most part but a very few are glitched and will require some pre-planning to get optimally.AND THE ORDINARY:* Well-made levels with amazing environment but linear, with restrictive playing areas.* Tough boss fights but can be fiddly or even gamey to win on harder difficulties.* Solid if unbalanced A.I.  Stealth enemies close in.  Ranged enemies use cover or secondary grenade fire wherever possible.* Nice variation of a achievements but some are glitched and need luck getting them.* Just enough weapon & ammo pickups to progress through the next level, on harder difficulties.* Designed to have individual levels replayed as its entirely possible to not find all the audio logs in one sitting.* Optimization is okay for the most part (Intel Core i3) but on a few later levels experience heavy lag for a dozen or so seconds.  Enough to get you killed if not careful but not enough to be a negative.VERDICT:For an indie title Alien Rage - Unlimited is a pretty good but flawed sci-fi FPS.  The game provides enough enjoyment to be recommended but it can become frustrating at times.  The campaign is about the right length, level design varied enough to stem the inevitable feeling of repetitiveness you would expect.  Theres just enough weapons and abilities to keep combat interesting.  Mini-bosses and standard enemies are varied and possess enough of an AI to keep you on your toes.  One of things that really surprised me was that explosions are beefier than in other games.  You really do feel it, if caught in the blast radius.  Finding collectibles adds a good distraction from the linear journey ahead.Probably the worst thing about the game is aim-bot grenade launching or auotfiring sniper fire by the aliens.  It quickly becomes frustrating on harder levels, especially if you dont score fast enough to unlock the required abilities.  You will be prone to dying and replaying the same areas alot.   Its not fun to be frequently insta-killed!  Moreover when getting past an enemy involves working out where to position the weapon sight on the screen instead of using your skills as a FPS player, thats where a game started to lose its appeal for me.  But at least thats just on the harder diffculies.  If you play on Normal you will be spared this.Some mini-boss battles can become soul destroying either through bad design or implementation or just being glitched.  One particular battle took me over 50 tries on the most difficult level because the controls did not sync well with the actions/placements required to beat the damn thing.  Invisible walls bar progress in certain directions so if thats not your thing, then look elsewhere.  Levels seem to have been designed with the idea of multiple playthroughs to get all campaign achievements.  Yes - once for every difficulty level, especially if you miss some collectibles.  I didnt enjoy having to play the game three times to complete the achievements.  Unfortunately multiplayer seems to have been added as an afterthought.  Its definitely not why you should be playing this game.  Achievements for those will more or less have to be boosted.Overall the gameplay is decent and enjoyable for the most part.  Its definitely alot better than I thought it would be.  Though not as good as I hoped it would be, if that makes sense. More solid than brilliant, more cover and strafe, than gun and run,  Alien Rage - Unlimited is not exactly an old-skool FPS but theres enough for me to recommend it to anyone who love FPS games with the features described above.  If youre picky about what an old-skool shooter should be then this probably isnt for you.On the other hand, if you're looking for something sci-fi themed, with a solid story, with progressively more difficult gunplay, strong audio, excellent voice-overs, unlockable abilities for a little variation in gameplay, good A.I. behaviour and with the overtones and feel of Aliens: Colonial Marines then you should pick this game up.  Just dont play it for an easy achievement completion, because some of them are glitched or require boosting and will take time.  I would suggest getting this on at least fifty percent sale.  Unfortunately the dev. team was disbanded so dont expect support or a sequel."
76561198025301599,Recommended,217920,13908223,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ZOR33L is,"Not bad first person shooter at all, though it has some major flaws.+ good core mechanics+ price is great+ nice weapons (10 total with alt. fire on all of them)+ good length (14 missions)+ good looking but lacks variety- absurd checkpoints system- cheap difficulty (not in a good way)- bad story which is told by audio logs you find during missions- Multiplayer is dead (servers indicates they are full but no one is there)"
,Recommended,217920,7903167,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Sir Russianlot,"Bought this game on release, even though I never heard about it before, and to be honest, it was pretty poorly optimized. Bugs, inconsistent framerate issues, slowdowns, glitches - the game had it all. I gave up on it and decided to wait.Turns out it was well worth it.Developers listened to all complaints and did honorable job by fixing most of of the issues this game had at launch. Now after 3 months I fired it up and was pleased with the results.Game is not even close to being Old School FPS, that it wants to be, but it's still pretty challenging and fun to play. You got your usual stuff, machineguns, shotguns, one very overpowered pistol with unlimited ammo, few alien equalents of said guns, few perks that you can unlock by playing the game and racking up score, you can jump (even though it's only there for laughs), crouch, sprint and slide after sprinting. Graphics are nice, sounds are okay, weapons are pretty cool and have their own secondary firemode and story... well, it's there, but it's nothing special to write home about.You should definitely pick up the demo and see for yourself, but I enjoyed it alot and now that it has been pretty much patched it's pretty good.Note: Difficulty in this game is something else. I play it on normal and I had my moments when I literally wanted to rip my guts out because of the sometimes really, REALLY unfair challenges and punishing difficulty. But on the other hand, it made it so much more fun and rewarding. So if you like to torture yourself, get it now."
76561198061150791,Recommended,217920,15108149,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Syringolide,"An excellent _arcade_ FPS (even has a score!). Nice graphics and effects. If you want a story, go read a book."
,Recommended,217920,7300217,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"Alien Rage Unlimited isn't a bad game per se, but it's not a good one either. The description makes it look and sound like a Bulletstorm clone. Bulletstorm is awesome, but this one... this one is not. There's a variety of moves you can pull off which result in you earning points. Make a headshot and you'll earn a certain amount of points, destroy enemies using explosions and it'll earn you points as well. Well, you get the picture, right ? There aren't enough moves to keep you going so after a while it becomes tiresome and the joy of earning points diminishes.The levels and enemies are fairly detailed and the whole game looks pretty good, especially considering the price they ask for it.Thankfully, it's also a pretty short game. Finishing it will take you about 6 hours overall. More than enough if you ever decide to give this a try. There are so many difficulty spikes that it becomes more frustrating than fun halfway through the game. I don't know who programmed this AI but it's terribly unbalanced.And even though it's not the best game out there it definitely had some good moments. I just wish there were more of those... More Bulletstorm, less Alien Rage please.[Rating: 63/100]"
76561198017744567,Recommended,217920,12736970,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,dellyfry,"Alien Rage is one of those under the rader, underrated games. With a an enganging single player (nop coop), and team/deathmatch it is a lot of fun. From impact weapons, plasma guns, shotguns, sniper rifles, inside an asteroid in a mining complex. Graphics are lovely to behold. For $20 and probably soon to be cheaper it is a steal."
76561197993437321,Recommended,217920,26289669,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Carm3D,"This game is aSTEALat it's current Halloween sale price!  If you like sci-fi shooters like BulletStorm or Gears of War then get this gem!  I've only played it for an hour but it's so easy to see this is an excellent value.  I haven't tried multiplayer yet..  But the single player mission is more than worth the price so far.  It's funny too!  Not as funny as BulletStorm, but it has some cute lines.""Worker drones.  They are not a threat.  Ignore them.""""They took our jobs.""Pros:+ Lovely Unreal Engine graphics (XBox360 era)+ fluid character animation+ Shooting feels great (esp. with Steam Controller)+ Variety of sci-fi guns to pick up from the ground and fire and unfriendly aliens+ Occasional sense of humor.Cons:- Some graphical glitches like being able to see the shadows of enemies above you on the ceiling- If you walk away from an audio log, you won't be able to hear it.  I know this is realistic, but it doesn't make for fluid gameplay.It's pretty much Unreal Engine: The Game.  C'mon.. At two dollars, you know you want it!"
,Recommended,217920,29334779,Posted: 18 January,all,Niko -XVI-,"Great first-person shooter with nice graphics!Old school gameplay is straight from 1990s and early 2000s FPS games!If you want a nice challenge, without it being too frustrating, you'll like it!"
76561198123817694,Recommended,217920,13560582,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,KyloFcknRen,"So far i have only gone through a couple levels for i just bought this game the other day once the Christmas sale started but i will say this, great visuals, great gameplay, BLOODY DIFFICULT on the easiest difficulty, but hella fun. One thing i do recommend is take ur time as ur going through the missions, enemy spawns quick and runs fast and u die pretty quick. Over all so far great game, worth the buy. I give this a 7.5/10 rating."
,Recommended,217920,15085586,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Glyph,"Highly polished, fast paced, old school shooter. It sure is shiny. Lots of boss fights, cool environments, fun weaponry.Do NOT touch his ♥♥♥♥ing teddy bear."
,Recommended,217920,656818,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,(･8･),"畫面不錯，但環境細節沒有處理很好，還有些許的環境物理破壞，你不能躲在同個掩蔽物太久。不過這價錢已經算佛心來著的了，這遊戲的玩法就是一路殺到底，殺敵會有分數，不同的殺法得分也不同，每一章節最後還會有總計分，一路上除了小喽囉之外還會有特殊外星人和BOSS，感覺跟Doom 1或是Duke Nukem老遊戲很像，老派的遊戲沒甚麼重點，哈哈！This game just like Duke Nukem same, it's Brand-new oldschool style shooter game!It has nice graphics, pretty fun and cheap.You can't miss it!8/10"
,Recommended,217920,28899962,Posted: 1 January,all,Sober Mans Secret,"Only been playing for an hour but thought i'd do a little review of my short time in game. It's GOOOOOD! simple as that. If you're a fan of FPS games then grab it, i think its fairly cheap anyway but if you can get it in the dying hours of the winter sale then do so. It's tough from the outset, graphics and sound are great. More explosions than an 80's action movie. What's not to like :)"
,Recommended,217920,35230897,Posted: 26 September,all,Keith,"Recommend for Casual Gamer & Hardcore GamerFirst 2 hours experince:*Wow!   60fps on high setting! Well optimized game!After 4 hours experince:*Those bosses is really challenging! I will looking forward!After 6 hours experince:*Until now, the map is still similar, repetitive encounter...*After 8 hours experince:*Beat the game with easy difficult, but still feel that is hard! (Some boss)Enjoyment: 8/10+High quality graphic! (2013 tech)+Impressive design for boss & mech!+Bullet impact can break barrier+No reload for alien weapon+Good gun sound effect+Allow to pilot alien mech+Easy to get headshot streak+Leader board+Replayable with upgraded perks to improve score-Limited map variation-Limited weapon variation-No coop in multiplayer-Bug: Sometime just cannot continue next area, stuck at same checkpoint-Player is lonely...-Near to end of the game, the less fuel barrel can be foundGAME MODE:*Campaign:= Linear Story= Replayable with upgraded perks to improve score*Multiplayer:= Yes, but is empty.Worth buying?*Yes, for 2013. But if you can wait, on sale will have 80% off*No, for RPG gamer."
76561198113014119,Recommended,217920,24315209,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Shadow Ops,"Alien Rage Unlimitedfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effectsgood game."
,Not Recommended,217920,29739398,Posted: 6 February,all,ManuTOO,"Review for Solo play :No Medkit, no Armor, no quick save & load, automatic healing, luck & memory above skills, and all that on a shooting-trail yell ""This is not old-school!!!"". It's a game that mistakes ""utterly painful/annoying"" and ""difficulty/challenging"". It's a pity, because with a few tunings & changes, the game could be quite enjoyable, but like it is now, it's just not fun, nor challenging ; it's just plenty annoying, so I just gave up at 40% of the game.Pros :- Visually convincing and interesting visual thematic- Decent weapon feelingsCons :- No Medkit, no Armor, tons of ammo, so no resource management- Automatic healing, so forced to spent 10-15 seconds hiding almost twice per minute- Very imprecise weapons + very lethal head-shots = luck matters more than skill- Some enemies can 1 shot you + all enemies can kill you in 4 or 5 shots + enemies sometimes aim correctly, sometimes they don't, sometimes they fire at will, sometimes they don't = luck matters more than skill- Enemies can spawn from everywhere, even from behind you, so in the highest difficulty setting, in the ""hot zone"" (where you get ton of enemies spawning), you have to die & die again till you know the whole spawn order- Because of all this, the game actually feels too easy when there's not enough enemies and too unfair & unpredictable when they are overwhelming us- Horrible & over-the-top camera special FX (lens flares everywhere, depth field, strange optical stuff) may simulate a camera, but my eyes don't work like a camera and thus all this stuff gives me an head-ache and really kills the readability of the screen ; and of course, it's not possible to turn it off- Boss fights are too long, luck based or glitchy (for the 2 I have done)- It's a trail-shooter, you can't roam nor explore, there are invisible walls everywhere- Levels almost always look kinda the same, there's very little change of scenery which means nothing is memorable and it gives some déjà-vu feelings very quickly- No quick save/load- Check points are often misplaced from the loot & special stuff (eg: audiolog are often right after a checkpoint, so if you die, you have to keep re-clicking it if you want to activate them all in the level)- Rendering seems to lag when turning on the ""Smooth FPS"" option"
,Not Recommended,217920,9621863,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,rooster 🐔,"Waste of my time, really. Sure, the game looks great, and feels great, at times- but with only one type of environment, this gets repetitive quite fast. The score feature is kinda neat, albeit unneeded. I can look past the linear almost nonexistant story, that's not what I got the game for. I got the game for a solid shooter. I did not get a solid shooter.The game suffers from poor movement mechanics than end up feeling more clunky as time goes on. Your crosshair bobs up and down and sways as you move- you could argue it adds realism, but for an unrealistic game that is trying to be an arcade/arena shooter? Not needed- only frustrating. You apparently also cannot run while shooting, and jumping needs more of an impulse- things even at hip height that you should be able to jump over, you cannot. You'd think this game would have some kind of cover system, but it does not- you can only hide behind things and hope that cheap explosives or minigun shells won't noclip it. (This happens quite a bit, btw.)The AI is horrible and half the time they are only standing completely still firing shots at you. Enemies only really feel challenging when they are using an overpowered weapon. The game only saves during checkpoints- which wouldn't be so bad if there were more of them, but instead they should 2 or 3 huge encouters at you before each one.Bosses soak up damage like a sponge and fire instagib shots at you rapidly, over and over. But otherwise have pretty boring moves or mechanics- boss fights basically become a game of cover and shoot, for the next 5 minutes. It's not hard, its just annoying. And dying to one shot because you weren't 100% covered, and having to replay the last boring 5 minutes, feels like a collasal waste of time.There is nothing really good to say about the game, other than it looks really good. It's challenging, but not in the right ways. The mechanics are boring. The AI is boring. The story is not interesting. I much rather play through the original Unreal, Half Life, or Doom, or Quake... than have to play this game again. I'm an old shooter vet. I've seen other shooter vets promote this game. I guess the only difference between me and them is... I'm able to call a duck a duck."
76561198107173215,Recommended,217920,28009797,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd,"Well i just had to laugh my butt off after reading the reviews and then playing the game. All the negativity about the difficulty and this game being a ""horrible run and gun"". Lol thats because it is not a ""run and gun""!! this game requires skill, crouching (like all the time) and quick reflexes. also common sense and knowing when to run away. this game is for seasoned players and not new players to the genre. its like when people complain that dark souls is a horrible hack and slash. well it may be a hack and slash but it also requires you to be cautious and methodical.the AI is dumber than poo but is fearless and will rush you instantly. The said cheapness comes into play when you look at their movement speed. It will appear that they are moving their feet two steps when in reality they are moving eight. they will be in your face in no time at all, and on harder difficulties this feels entirely unreasonable. If you listen for the spawn in noise you will hopefully be smart enough to know that means run back to the way you came from and take cover. Go slow and always have a fresh clip.this game would have been recieved better if they had made a difficulty that peomoted run n gun, like the souls games if they made a mode that was 10 times easier. but like From software thats not what they set out to make and i respect that. This is a fun game, a nice looking game and the gore n guns are great. it is hard it is punishing and it suffers from a bit of cheapness but is otherwise well worth a few bucks.take coverreload all the timealways crouchmove slowrun when you hear enemy spawning noiseremember the shot gun sucks if the enemy is more than four feet from youdont play on hardest difficulty your first playthroughDONT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE NEW TO OR SUCK AT SHOOTERS!!!follow those key steps and you will enjoy yourself(edit) Also the boss battles are in fact really poorly executed. on the hardest difficulty they feel nearly impossible. especially on console. And their is a part whear you ride a gondola and use a mini gun. you cant take cover and you die in 2 shots. u will play this over and over until you do it 100% perfect."
,Recommended,217920,24203819,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,wolfcolonel,"It does what a shooter needs to do- makes it incredibly enjoyable to shoot stuff!No listening to long speeches, no puzzles and no following NCP characters around...#SHOOTSTUFFINFACELOTS"
76561197970543589,Recommended,217920,28357681,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,atomicWAR,"This is an very good FPS. While it may appear at first glance to be an old school run and gun, it is not. Cover and retreat to regain health are essential. Think Halo meets Gears of War with a side of COD. It's not the best FPS out there, multiplayer servers are dead but a solid single player campaign makes the game worth while. Whether you lay waste to aliens with a machine gun, pull out the pistol to make head shots, or scavanging an alien weapon the game play is fast pace and quite enjoyable. One thing to be wary of as it is a fairly difficult game do not just load up the hardest difficulty level and assume since your an experinced FPS player that you will be fine. I started at the meduim setting and found it to be challenging enough for even the most seasoned players. If you find a good deal on it don't hesisitate. It even plays well at 4K with no issues with text/menu scaling like some games."
,Recommended,217920,33929880,Posted: 31 July,all,Eduardo,"Alien Rage is basically Bulletstorm (scoring system, powershots, combo kill announcer), where you play as BJ Blazkowicz (same main hero voice actor), in colorless Gears of War 1 environments, where you constantly kill waves of enemies similar to Painkiller games (the good ones), and it's directed by Michael Bay where everything blows up as soon as you press the trigger. It sure as hell doesn't bring anything new to the mix, but it does a really good job in borrowing the fun aspects from other games and mixing them together into a really fun braindead shooter.But while I'm having a lot of fun while playing Alien Rage, it does have quite a lot of big flaws: annoying autosaves, the environment doesn't change throughout the entire game, you can only carry 3 weapons, auto-regenerating health is simply stupid in this kind of game, and you will probably experience motion sickness because of the constant head bobbing while doing any kind of movement.So yeah... it's a great fun game if you just want to shoot everything that moves, but don't expect AAA quality of high budget games. However, for 2€ in sale, it was the best spent money in a long time."
,Recommended,217920,20459139,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Mr_Muerto,"While it may not be one of the top shooters out there. The game is a lot of fun, the action is solid and the gun do their job. The game looks great, but at it's core, is a lot of fun. Is to bad that the multiplayer is dead, get your friends and try it. The game may seem a bit unfair, or too hard, but is not. The problem is that once you unlock all the perks, the game becomes more easy. Even the boos fight while fun, with the right perk and gun, may seem like a piece of cake.Still I have a blast and don't see why you wont enjoy the game. Wait for a sale, and have fun."
,Recommended,217920,24115688,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,CorvusCorax,"Before Alien Rage I'd played both Sniper Ghost Warrior games from CI Games and to be honest I wasn't impressed. Thus, I was a bit sceptical since gameplay videos / trailers for this game were just as promising as they were for their previous products. How wrong I was!The StoryThis is about an ongoing battle between humans and an alien species called Vorus. Remember the Unobtainium's significance in Avatar? The equivalent mineral in this game is called Promethium and it is suffice to say that this is a highly efficient source of energy so both races have all the reason to fight for it. As the intro tells us it is the Vorus that started it all and our protagonist, Jack, is the lonely hero who's dropped at a crucial mining facility (where it all started) to destroy it since it has long been taken over by the uglies. During his mission Jack is assisted by 2 people on the radio - this chit-chat often involves jokes that make the game more fun but since the campaign is not long enough this particular part you will not miss / remember.The GameplayYou shoot first and ask questions later! You reload sometimes but only sometimes as beside the human weapons your assortment also consists of alien arms - with these you can just shoot but it's worth taking a break from time to time as some overheat pretty quickly. You can take 2 weapons with you and you have a 3rd one - your good old pistol - whose ammunition never depletes. No grenades, no mines, nothing - just 3 weapons to wreak havoc! It should also be noted that every weapon has a secondary fire mode - you have to be careful as all use the same ammunition. It should be noted that in the heat of battle using this mode can save your life by turning the tables.The AtmosphereThis is a fast-paced, action-heavy FPS game that takes us back to the old days. The game also looks very nice - it is a bit heavy on the blue colour (also it has a bit too much post-processing effects for my taste) but some of the locales look very promising. We go through dozens of corridors and hangars but then at one point we visit the docking bay. Lots of stuff is going on around us - ship arrivals and departures and sometimes the action is so fast and it requires you to pay attention not allowing you to appreciate your surroundings. Then Jack embarks a train and uses its mounted minigun to shoot up the place. The he visits a mothership to end the Vorus presence once and for all.The DifficultyThis game is challenging! Very challenging! As an FPS ""veteran"" I started it on ""hard"" difficulty (even the easiest is called ""challenging"") and I was in for a world of hurt. I restarted several areas numerous times and at one point I had to lower the difficulty level on the go to be able to rid myself of one of the 9 bosses. Naturally, the bosses are tough and in several cases you have to figure out how to beat them (at other times running and gunning perfectly works). Still, while it is difficult the game appreciates the way you kill enemies - all explosive, melee and double kills are recognised (the voice-over shouts are akin to the ones we heard in 1998 during an exciting Unreal Tournament match) and result in scores. These, in time, unlock some perks you can apply to Jack on the go (you cannot activate more than 3 at one time) that slightly help you in the battle.The RecapSimilarly to Hard Rest or Shadow Warrior this game puts emphasis on the action and the action only. However, unlike the aforementioned this game will be TOUGH if you give it a chance. Be prepared otherwise you'll be disappointed! Too bad Alien Rage gamers are not active enough to join me for a multiplayer session - I have to take out my disappointment. again, on Jack's favourite Mech bosses, then!"
76561198027720631,Recommended,217920,7551526,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Ner025,"meh, i'd say old school idea with modern day mechanics.  Could've worked if it were more like painkiller or serious sam but instead feels more like a typical shooter from the early 2000s but with a 2 weapon limit and regen health"
76561198067011330,Recommended,217920,28871102,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,JAD,"This is a love/hate review.I think you should pick this up as long as it's $9.99 or under.  Definitely worth it for that price range.The game isn't really THAT bad.  It is a rail FPS, no exploration, which I like.  Just tell me where to go, I see some bad guys and I kill them.  Simplicity at it's finest.Controls = Great!Graphics = Great!Dialogue/Story = Ok.I won't go into a deep review on this, simply because I can't remember too much about the game; and I only played it recently.  So that kinda tells you it's forgettable in many ways.  I literally had to ask my son what he remembers me bit**ing about and what I loved about the game before writing this review.One issue I had was dead enemy weapons disappeared after a certain ammount of time.  You run out of ammo in a certain part and wanna backtrack to that last area where your ammo was full and you didn't need to collect from dead enemies only to realize everything is gone.  Not sure if a lot of games are designed that way or not, but it wasn't that big of a deal; just annoying to me.  The game is pretty good at giving you enough ammo to get through each area, but there were times I was scraping by the skin of my teeth, including having to finish a boss or two off with my unlimited ammo pistol.Boss battles were ok, but lengthy and repetetive.  Prepare for lots of boring circle strafing.Perks system is useless.  I made it through 80% of the game before I realized I could use perks, and it didn't affect the game in any way for me.All in all, the game was still fun and there was never any moment where I felt like I was forcing myself to play just to complete it.  But it's definitely not anything to write home about, either."
76561198047465813,Recommended,217920,14124642,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Frankie4Fngrz,"Great FPS, and very challenging. Mechanics and gunplay are very sound and enemy AI aren't complete muppets."
,Recommended,217920,25696032,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,yuki,"Fun very classic fps that gets the job done. The bosses are hard (only managed to kill one without dying at least once), the enemies are numerous and will require you to carefully use both primary AND secondary fire if you want to survive. The only problem is almost every gun (even the late-game ones) are rather underpowered, with only one exception (that did help me a lot finish the game quicker than i should have been able to), and that gun was really far away from being the coolest one i've seen.Overall a good fps, but definetly not a game that you will remember much after finishing it."
,Recommended,217920,35130019,Posted: 22 September,all,Giga,"PROS:- nice graphics- 80s action movie-style story- 80s action movie-style protagonist that enjoys killing and screams while shooting- over-the-top arcade-style announcer who sounds like the narrator guy from the Machette trailer- challenging even on easiest mode- they made cover unreliable, forcing the player to stay on the move rather than just camping in one place for the entire fight.- game is 2 euros on sale! That's an awesome deal even for a poor Eastern European dude like me.CONS:- very few players, so there's nobody to try multiplayer with :[TLDR: Good old school shooter. Worth the full price too if you live in a western country."
76561198326023938,Recommended,217920,33732950,Posted: 22 July,all,gullyDJ(FFiZ),"surprisingly good FPS - as long as you aint bothered about lore or a really in depth story line - but like games like Doom,  Hard Reset and Shadow Warrior then you would probably like this - the plot is as cheesy as a pack of cheese doritos but even though only 40 mins or so into it so far its actually good fun - the weapons are ok so far. the levels are good looking and convey a sense of being in the place you are supposed to be in the game - The actual gameplay itself though i have found to be top notch actually - i was expectin really crappy AI and super janky controls but this game works very well in all depts so far including this one - have been caught out a few times as the enemies although (so far) only attack in small waves - they are coordinated waves designed to pull your attention away from an incoming side or rear attack - and its pretty easy to die as well - the game requires a little more tact than most FPS would however if you can handle it then its a fun game  - now i dont even like really hard games and this game is actually pretty tough - by this I mean it will have you thinking a little and using tactics and cover and maybe even praying a little - however its is playable and every single kill so far has had real satisfaction to it. A nice little gem to pick up when on salehttps://youtu.be/y_1r92plQaE"
76561197989607632,Recommended,217920,8155703,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Grimthwacker,"A surprisingly fun and difficult - VERY difficult - FPS that rewards speed, accuracy and resourcefulness with high scores and lots of satisfatction.  Enjoy the cheesy dialogue and story, stay for the solid weaponry and kinetic gameplay."
,Recommended,217920,22755572,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,PandaFraHelvete,"When I saw this game on Steam I felt it was going to be a nice purchase, but when I saw some reviews and metacritic’s final score, I thought something must be wrong, this game can’t be that bad to get a score of 52, so I bought it on a sale just to be sure I would not spend that much money on a possible bad game… Oh, boy… this game is a mixed bag and it tends to have more cons that pros in the end.StoryThe storyline is straightforward and simple, there are not complicated background stories nor characters and to be honest, its story is not the main protagonist here, it is just bland and lack originality. In the far future Humanity has reached the stars in search of new energies, earth’s natural resources are almost depleted and we need a solution, it happens we found an asteroid full of some new energy called Promethium, but we are not the only ones, another species called Vorus has also reached this asteroid in search of this new energy, so both races start jointly to exploit the mineral, everything was good for a time until the Vorus turn on the human miners and wipe them out. So Jack, our main protagonist, is sent to investigate the situation, kill the Vorus and destroy the facility.GameplayThe game is just a linear, first person shooter with zero variation, kill all enemies, go to the next stage, kill all enemies again, find mini-boss or first boss, end stage, next. Most levels look the same, they are mostly a corridor, except for when you reach certain larger areas to find enemies coming from multiple points. According to the game info on Steam, gameplay offers a cover mechanics to help you stand your ground over waves and waves of enemies, though, this apparently does not work or simply doesn’t exist, anyway, the gameplay is difficult, especially on hard and insane difficulties, so be prepare to die many times. Alien Rage has a scoring system, depending on the way you kill your enemies you are rewarded with medals, multi kills and blast master badges, among many others.Enemies are not that varied, but they are fast and hard to kill at times, or just spawn in multiple waves over and over again, they also tend to blend with the stage’s environment, making it hard to see sometimes, in other occasions, they will just get you from behind or simply flank you, this tends to happen when you are being crowded, enemies also count with spawn options they have scattered all over the place. Weapons are not that varied either, and some of them are just useless or slow to use because you will usually have long distance fights by trying to use the “cover system” to your advantage, fortunately the secondary firing option of some weapons cause a lot damage and give you a break from the multiple enemies waves. Overall, gameplay is monotonous and it doesn’t offer more than what you can see on a gameplay or in-game images. So don’t expect anything out of the ordinary, Alien Rage is a simple, dull FPS.GraphicsAlien Rage uses Unreal Engine 3, it looks good in game, flashy and shiny, some aspects of the limited access we have to the level’s environments are detailed, while some others show some muddy graphics, at times we encounter multiple layers of textures not loading properly, as most levels look the same and the lack of variations is patent, there is not much to add here, Unreal Engine shows off at key moments if we consider the amount of explosions that look great, the chaos we can create demonstrate the power of the engine regarding physics.Sound and voicesThe in game sounds and effects are decent, not groundbreaking, but they do their job, explosions and weapon effect sound exactly as you may expect from a game like this, nothing new, but they fit the concept here.As for the voice acting, yeah, they are ok, main protagonist sounds always overly heroic and he tends to sound like a typical pseudo action man, annoying at times, yes, but I guess the voice acting fits the concept as well, the other two main acting voices exist only to give you instructions and deliver a quota of relief, with bad jokes and some sort of internal issue between them, they are just there doing their job with minor help.The BadWhere to begin? Alien Rage is filled with gameplay issues and graphical problems, starting with the mechanics of the game, there is no cover system to begin with, extremely necessary for a game that is relentless with many waves of enemies, AI is totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, Vorus just run towards you shooting nonstop waiting to be killed, The main character is very limited in movement, he is slow, big and clunky, sometimes during combat, the same stage is a total mess with explosions, bullets from every direction while you desperately look for a decent cover while trying to see where fire is coming from, multiple enemies that blend with the environment make the gameplay a continuous disaster regarding mechanics, I rather wait in a corner for the enemies to come to me so I can kill them one by one.Graphical problems are constant here, textures not loading, muddy details, monotonous levels and stages, overly glossy elements invisible walls, of course there are invisible walls, the game is linear as hell, so you have a certain pattern to follow. Usually the textures don’t load properly every time you enter a new level or when you load a last save, showing the engine’s known issues.Checkpoints are terrible, they constantly let you in the middle of enemy fire, you die, you load last save and again, multiple enemies surround you so you die again unless you act quickly enough to find some corner where to hide and recover or use the “cover system” to save your skin, again, the game has a terrible balance between you and your enemies, it is hard, I understand the crying over the difficulty is not an option, but handicapping you is also a problem when it comes to running or jumping, the latter is nonexistent, why the jumping mechanics are so messed up? I don’t really know, so you better bind the default space bar to another more functional action.When it comes to boss battles, things are equally terrible, most of them are just bullet sponges that do a lot of damage and the lack of a proper cover system will only give you one option, which is running from one place to another trying to avoid enemy fire or whatever the attack is, they have weak spots so you have chances to beat them, running out of ammo will be always present in those moments, so you better shoot correctly. Some bosses will glitch-out at times, it happened in my play through a couple of times, these battles are not that challenging, but they tend to be monotonous and boring.ConclusionAlien Rage is a terrible decent game, it doesn’t offer original ideas or storyline, nor is any character worth remembering, which are not that many anyway, but if you want a challenge, a difficult one that will lead you to rage, this game is for you, other than that, you will be disappointed since the beginning. In my opinion, this game barely makes it to get a thumbs up, but as there is no neutral option between good and bad, I tried to be explicit regarding the bad side of it."
,Recommended,217920,35077436,Posted: 19 September,all,✘Parama✘,Good game but i got minimum requirement
76561198007984293,Recommended,217920,32968828,Posted: 28 June,all,HALFLIFECRYSIS,I played this on Xbox 360 for minute (demo?). It looks pretty darn good on PC @ 4K on Ultra settings.  For $2 it's worth it and it does have controller support. Not sure why it does not list that in the store.
76561197970543100,Recommended,217920,33005973,Posted: 29 June,all,Ubermeowmix -=]WIP[=-,"Not bad for the price I got it for, a nice blow the crap out of everything title with some neat baddies and great looking levels. It's a little hollow, but still it's a great no-brainer title."
,Recommended,217920,24267954,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,FreddyK,"A good cross between the old style arcade FPS that reward you for good accuracy and new FPS with good narrative.  It had a good difficulty to it and a good story line but I wish the story had been explored further.  It is glitchy at times with its achievement system if you care about that, which I do so be aware of that.  The boss fights were pretty fun and challenging.  Overall a very good FPS."
,Recommended,217920,21610447,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"I liked this game, but it's an average game.You basicly fight of Alien Race as humans since they betrayed you and if you can't have the stuff nobody can have the stuff.It's a shooter and it's very important to shoot the head cause it takes allot of hits and you die very easily.To easy something you die within 1 second, that would be to blame on poor balancing.Choosing perks do's make a difference, but you still die way to easy.Also for some reason some achievements are bugged so I can't get like 5 achievements that's ontop of the multiplayers achievements I can't get.The Storyline meh it's ok it's a shooter and it's fun aslong as it lasted.Only about 4 to 5 hours that is.I forgot to mention it has some cool kills sounds like 5 explosion kills, 10 headshots and such.So buy it on sale like me, I think I had 90% off so it was worth it."
,Recommended,217920,16445449,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,PR0XIDIAN,"Alien Rage - Unlimited will give you unlimited rage while playing! Ok, that wasn't original, and I apologize, but in all seriousness, this game is hard as hell! That being said, its a good kind of hard in many ways, because it pushed me to keep playing after countless deaths. I was mad at this game, I wanted to beat it. ""I'll show you! I'll beat this stupid thing!"" If you like older difficult shooters, give this a try. Its a great romp and a good way to make someone who never throws a controller consider it! -PR0XIDIAN"
76561198140572309,Recommended,217920,35059708,Posted: 19 September,all,pipylipsag,played 4 min. so far so good. Had it on nightmare and died with one hit from a scrubby looking alien....
,Not Recommended,217920,21435148,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Akka,This game offers nothing special or unique and is hampered SHARPLY by an absurd checkpoint system and cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t difficulty.Enjoy repeating the same section over and over again due to the candidly unfair and unrealistic AI. Try to remember the most imbalanced fps combat you've ever experienced in a game. That one really hard part of (whatever fps you thought had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t part)Well the whole game is like that one part. Skip this game.Edit: Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse an invisible wall has repeatedly blocked my progress down the one cooridor I need to go.
76561197969417125,Recommended,217920,8056625,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,G00N3R,"Alien Rage is a reasonably entertaining FPS whose good moments are unfortunately spoiled by some questionable design decisions. This is a shame, because it was close to being a surprise hit.The shooting feels great and there's some variety in weapons, but you're restricted tactically by the 3 weapon carry limit. The game has regenerating health, which I've never liked. However, the enemy AI is VERY aggressive, they don't just sit back and let you hide behind a crate until back on full health, so its not as bad as some other games. Level design is very linear, and full of corridors blocked off by tiny objects that you're not allowed to jump over.The story actually has some depth. You're the standard tough guy space marine sent into a mineral processing facility that is under attack by hordes of aliens. But I got the feeling that the aliens might not be the ones who started the conflict and I was interested to find out more. Unfortunately, most of the back story is told through collectable audio logs, and I missed a few of them so I couldn't fully understand what happened. Its also one of those games where friendlies talk over comms while you're in combat. Note to games industry: if I'm busy trying to stay alive, I'M NOT LISTENING TO THIS. Let me secure the area before you talk to me.There's a basic perk system, but its not implemented particularly well. You earn points for killing aliens and when you reach certain score milestones you unlock some perks, but I honestly didn't even know I'd unlocked the first tier until I was browsing my achievements on the steam page.Around the middle of the game for a couple of levels I hit lots of frustrating difficulty spikes, until I reached the third perk tier and unlocked ""50% more health"". After that the difficulty felt correct again, which tells me that the perk/score system isn't properly balanced (I needed to unlock that perk about an hour earlier). The frustration of those couple of levels was also increased by the checkpoint only save system.There's alot of immersion breaking HUD clutter, including waypoint markers (which are absolutely unforgivable and unnecessary considering the linearity of the level design), a massive score counter in the top corner (why not just update me at the end of the level?) and frequent popups regarding events like ""headshot"" or ""double kill"" along with an Unreal Tournament style voice announcer.No complaints from a technical point of view. Graphics are quite pretty, framerate is mostly stable, weapon sounds are decent, voice acting isn't the best but I've heard worse. Didn't experience any significant bugs or crashes. Mouse and keyboard works great and you can fully rebind all keys.I sound like I'm being very critical, its not a terrible game, but without these annoyances it could have been really great. I would recommend it to serious fans of the FPS genre, but also bear in mind that I finished in under 7 hours so its probably best to wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,217920,28954845,Posted: 2 January,all,Benedict,"Its got pretty graphics, a superb art style and is clearly heavily inspired by greater games such as Gears of War and Bulletstorm, but Alien Rage has unrefined combat mechanics which makes it a chore, not a pleasue to play. With uneven difficulty spikes and poor checkpoint placement and not unique mechanics, it isnt obvious why you would play this given life is finite and there are much better shooters."
76561198136481504,Recommended,217920,20268277,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,PyronzaI,Arcade-styled generic FPS game mixed with modern FPS game traits. Not a bad combination and gameplay is great but the reviewers looking at this game seriously need to stop being so harsh about it. Be thankful the developers tried to do their best guys. Come on.
,Not Recommended,217920,15368271,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Calavera_Jo,stay away from this
76561198026295513,Not Recommended,217920,15613080,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,MadMax,"NO!!!!I played the Demo looking for a multiplayer for my clan. However, you can't play the multiplayer on the demo.The multiplayer is disappointing. There aren't enough weapons. This game has NOTHING to offer that other shooters offer.The graphics are cool. That's it. The devs should have finished the game and charged $50.This game is not worth $20."
,Recommended,217920,29301195,Posted: 16 January,all,Rowlaz,"It was a really fun game, kinda reminded me of a FPS Gears of War in space. I played on Brutal and I must say, it really was brutal for me..."
,Recommended,217920,21504701,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Task Force 131,ok this game is good but single player is kida short and  it is fun to play i did not try multiplayer but i think that one is going to be fun too .the game is build on  Unreal Engine and it is have good Graphic the div put lot of detail in  this game and that make it more realistic and fun to play .it is good game if you want to try it out .Graphic 9/10Sound 9/10AI 8/10Realistic 8/10Developer works 8/10Story 9/10game play 9/10==========================total  8.5 /10single player time  around 15 hoursmultiplayer time  ???worth to buy this game with  19 .99 price NO  wait for sale
,Not Recommended,217920,35069980,Posted: 19 September,all,Dr. Doos,I want to recommend this game. Its really fun and challenging. But it is riddled with graphical bugs for Nvida GPUs and crashes often.
76561198146722397,Recommended,217920,33634918,Posted: 18 July,all,Baconmania,"This game is literally DOOM but with annoying characters (including yourself). I really liked this game at first, but it quickly got repetitive and frustrating. It is most definetly a good game for 1.99 (summer sale) and it's a great challenge for this summer, but there isn't much there that makes me want to go back to it. You're much better off playing DOOM if you want nothing but guns and gore. This game makes DOOM's storyline look incredible.BTW: Your character is literally an egomaniac who overdosed on testosterone pills, with the most cliche, dry, annoying dialogue. I would highly recommend turning the dialogue off. It will save you from wanting to kill yourself.Other than those big issues, it is actually a really fun game. If you want something really cheap and really challenging this summer, buy it."
76561198025160349,Recommended,217920,33585409,Posted: 16 July,all,infinityfinder,"No big surprises here. Heard someone describe it as a FPS Gears of War, and I would agree, but with a little Duke Nukem thrown in. The MP achievements appear to be unearnable at this point, and some of the SP ones are downright confusing. This game definitely has its bugs, but...if you can see past all of that, it's actually a decent ride. Kept me entertained through most of two playthroughs. Would only recommened at the $2 or so I spent on it (I got it in the CI bundle, but can't speak to the rest of the games yet)."
,Not Recommended,217920,21406024,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ΤΣΠΠΘ,"Plays like a skeletal Bulletstorm, with all its organs being considerably more primitive and less complex than the glowing kindred spirit it aspires to. The graphics and enemy variety are definitely the strongest bones in the body, yet incapable of lifting the lifeless husk anywhere above mediocrity.Bag it and tag it.5/10"
76561198044797961,Recommended,217920,20839993,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Jan,"Good simple shooter. The fine graphics of enemies, scenaries and weapons effects, as well as its decent old school mechanics, compensate its many defects, like excesive teletransport of enemies, the exagerate use of grenades, that cause most of deaths, the poor coverages, the linear ( but big ) maps, or the short duration of the campaign, less of 20 hours. After all, leaves a good feeling and looking forward to playing once more. A bit underated. Needs a powerfull graphic hardware to run at medium quality or causes sligth glitches of frames rate. Quite often offered with discounts, do not buy without."
,Recommended,217920,8849274,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,LiaraRaziela,"This is a relatively good game. The Pros entail adrenaline-rushing action, superb graphics and real time game play where you have to survive in one go for the next level. And even on failed attempts the thrill keeps you playing and oh yes regenerating health. The Cons - limited weapon choice or barely any ammunition supply anywhere, so you're left to survive with very little. Enemy wise not very diverse to be honest. I'd give it a 6/10."
76561197984030719,Recommended,217920,7454221,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Widowbanger,"This is a low budget game, but it's so much fun to just mindlessly killing wave of aliens without trying to sell you an intense story! Listen closely to the dialog for some fun referance to other games like Metal Gear, Portal, and Halo. Really fun game to just play for fun!"
,Recommended,217920,19985783,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Surprisingly competent arcade FPS, visually impressive and solid VAs for a low budget project from CI's now defunct  Bydgoszcz studio. Gunplay is generally solid depending on choice of weapon(s) and progression is kept clean and simple, a series of claustrophobic corridors just like all the early genre classics; were it not for the insanely unfair difficulty (a combination of delayed weapon switching, an ironically squishy armored space marine and A.I. too accurate for its own good), I'd dare considerAlien Rage - Unlimitedan underrated little game.Granted, it may not beHard ResetorSerious Sam, but then again, what is? Worth the pocket change and a playthrough once the right expectations are set.Addendum:some achievements do not flag correctly ('Hoarder' and 'Utility Belt' here, differs for others); something to consider if these actually mean something to you."
76561197990116979,Recommended,217920,33703774,Posted: 21 July,all,LR53,Alien Rage is an exallent game that is a blast to play.  Love the Melee in this game very much!A real bargain at this price and strongly recommended.
76561198090774867,Recommended,217920,7635239,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Guydodge,"really surprised by this one very cool shootem up game. great sounding weopons if you just want to have a good time shooting for awhile to get away from searching and figuring crap out .this is the one. graphics are real nice, cool game.about a 10 to 15 hour game but youll playit more than once.its that cool. 10 out of 10"
76561198006124815,Recommended,217920,8028000,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,meskiz,omg
,Recommended,217920,8752485,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,TheRedCell,"Alien Rage is defenitly a game that I would reccomend to everyone that loves shooting aliens, making explosions and just having a blast of a time! The graphics are emmense, although at some points the game may seem impossibly hard to get out of a sticky situation, it's always enjoyable to find out how you are too get out. Unfortunatly the Multiplayer is the only drawback. As there is not a big enough community (YET!) it's is hard to find a Multiplayer game. I would rate the game a high 8 low 9 out of 10. The controls are easily customisable to fit your needs, the game feels great and is just an unreal atmosphere. I see high hopes and a great future for this game!"
76561197978096517,Not Recommended,217920,34888447,Posted: 11 September,all,Dan,In 30 years of playing video games I have never played a more difficult and frustrating game. And yes. I was alive when pong came out on a floppy disc. It could have been fun if they made an easy mode.
76561198022820771,Recommended,217920,12490518,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlcR0dR4AR8&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpAAlien Rage is a first person, hardcore style shoot-em up game, designedfor those looking for a challenge in their shooter.   The music does a goodjob of contributing to the atmosphere, as are the sound effects.The game has a basic yet entertaining story, which motivates youto continue playing.  The audio is well done, and fits to the futuristic feel.The weapons are done very well; they feel satisfying, and your charactercontributes to that satisfaction by verbally givng a battlecry as you aredemolishing enemies.  At no point was I frustrated by unbalanced weapons.  Onereally good element to this game is that the enemy AI is challenging, andresponds to your attacks by repositioning or trying different tactics.The level design is large, and contributes to the vastness of thealien world and contributes to the atmosphere.  The environment really addsto a feeling of awe or dread.  The design is linear, unfortunately, however;while normally I would say this was a detriment, the linear feel is tied inso well to the shooter style, and the feeling of accomplishment in combat thatin this instance I would say it really doesn't take away from the game.This is a game meant for more hardcore FPS players, and is challenging.I would wish that the story had a bit more depth, but it held its own for whatit was.  For those that enjoy that type of game, I can easily recomment it.This is a summary of what I talk about in the video, I am a YT'er not a BloggerThanks for your viewership and support for more videos check click here.http://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
,Not Recommended,217920,13705136,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Damien Azreal,"For ten dollars, I figured this game would be a good bargin.But, I was mistaken.While it is a step up from City Interactive's previous work on 'Sniper: Ghost Warrior'... it's not really a step in the right direciton.The game comes across as if it's trying oh so hard to be a 'old school' style shooter with lots of enemies and gunplay.But, the game grinds to a frustrating hault due to a pathetically balanced regen health system that doesn't mesh with the fast paced nature of the enemy actions.The alien enemies can rush you in a split second, flood the screen with numbers and explosive rounds that damage you through walls and various cover.Leaving you clinging to cover while your health regens painfully slow.The game itself comes across as tedious, boring and a lifeless grind that is simply not worth it.Uninspired level asthetics and bland level design fades into a ""meh"" feeling. Every area of the game looks the same... the same cliche' metallic sci-fi location we've all seen countless times.With dull aliens that do nothing interesting or creative to make them memorable or fun to fight.There are better games. For cheaper prices."
,Not Recommended,217920,8395358,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,vodkins,"Where is the ♥♥♥♥ing co-op mode, listed in game's modes section before? I've bought 2 copies of this only to play togeher with my wife. So unfriendly! Beware next games from these develupers!"
76561198064106555,Recommended,217920,8612311,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,mrorange,"First I was a bit hesitant reading some bad reviews, but then I downloaded the demo and played 1 hour straight to the end it. The moment it got cheaper (50 %) I bought it and have to admit that I got excellent fast-arcade-first-person-shooter-experience. If you have 3d vision you should definitely try the game as it looks excellent and immerses you straight ahead (make sure using helix-fix). I understand the critics that the level design is somewhat linear and may get boring after a while, but overall I would say for 7 hours first play through I never felt annoyed by the same kind of levels, actually I had fun until the end and the bosses are epic, are huge and afford a little bit effort in tactics - not a lot so that you won't get bothered fast. I would love to say sth to the Multiplayer, but it is not possible for the reason that no one plays it. Overall I'll give it a 7/10 which is very high on my scale. Check it definitely out if you play 3d vision. If you don't, you should get it when it's cheap. It still has a great design, great gunfights, great achievement system, and much fun!"
76561198077025018,Recommended,217920,13017023,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"A fast paced hardcore first-person shooter with arcade elements implemented. The level design is somewhat all very similar, like they were dipped in metallic paint. However, given the context of the game - you are fighting an alien robot race - it fits pretty snug.Like I said above, this game is very fast paced, giving you little to no time to stop and think. Your finger must stay on the trigger at all times if you expect to survive.There are ten weapons found throughout the campaign. You can carry two side weapons and one main weapon (Pistol) that has infinite ammunition. Each weapon has an alternate firing mode giving you multiple advantages in battle. Killing enemies skillfully increases the points given, and you can unlock perks for your character. There is an entire perk tree to choose from, but you can equip up to three at a time.Fourteen levels to play through and eight huge, tough♥♥♥♥♥bosses to mow down.True to it's hardcore reputation, the easiest difficulty is called ""Challenging"", with the next two being the ""Hard"" and ""Brutal"" difficulties.Very highly recommended to fans of first-person shooters that like a heavy challenge."
76561197970484076,Recommended,217920,8575512,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Yosemite_SLAM,"This game does not deserve the metascore it received.  It was money well spent.If you like shooters that will test your skill, and patience in some places, look no further."
,Recommended,217920,7994579,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Stormchaser,Good value for $20
,Recommended,217920,4703569,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,DickPays,"I've played enough of this game to know what is it about so here we go.In Alien Rage, you play as Jack, a member of an elite task force has to clean out a ship or planet of Aliens. The plot (if there is any) is not the main point of the game. It is an Arcade styled shooter, meaning kills equals points. At the end of the mission, you are shown your stats for that mission and move on to the next.The gameplay is awesome in this game. There is a variety of guns in this game. The gunplay is good, shooting aliens in the head and seeing orange blood spill out is amusing. The Arcade style of this game works really well with the concept of this whole shooter. There are perks that can be used in the game to help you survive and kill aliens, earned by playing for points.When I say, I've played enough of Alien Rage, doesn't mean it's bad, it's just, it's not optimizied very well. The game runs at 60 on high, but at every moment of battle (almost everywhere) the game drops to 25 frames and below, make the game run low and laggy. I like 60 frames, if CI took more time and just fixed that this game would be great.The graphics on this game created by Unreal Engine, looks very well. The atmosphere of being in space and all the other surrounds looks amazing with Unreal. Glad CI used this engine.This game, is amazing. Since, CI, made some mistakes and didn't optimize the game to well, I say, wait till it goes on sale. If it every does get fixed, I shall re-write this review, so people can know that it is fixed but, for now, I give this game a 5/10. If you want a game just like this, go buy Bulletstorm, it's a lot like this game in the way of weapons, gameplay, and Arcade styled game."
76561197977989409,Recommended,217920,7874745,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Unearthed,I've played a good bit of the game and despite what the reviewers had to say this game is actually quite good. The graphics and gameplay are good.  The sound during the gameplay is great especially during intense firefights.  The gameplay feels like a mix between doom 3 and call of duty.  My only gripe is that it seems as if there is only 3 weapons in the game but it could be more as I haven't finished the game yet.  I was expecting this game to be bad but actually I really like it.
76561197970414732,Recommended,217920,8050210,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,jovi_strob,"Felt like the FPS version of Bullet Storm.  Fun, fast pace, and pretty.  Some parts were annoying, but for a $15 price tag I was impressed.  Wish they'd make a sequel."
,Recommended,217920,7643567,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,LIKEUCARE,"Alien Rage: UnlimitedFor $20, Alien Rage is a rather fun little experience. It has its moments of frustration with the difficulty spikes, but the weapons and score-based mechanics really make it shine over other titles in the genre. However, I barely tried the multiplayer and unfortunately, the servers were quite empty.PROS:+Lengthy single-player campaign (for a budget title)+Impressive visuals (maybe not Crysis 3 quality but decent looking though)+Fun weapons+""Old school feel"" with challenging fights and boss battles. The scores on the screen is reminiscent of the old arcade gaming.+20$ (at release).CONS:-Story is incredibly bland-Lots of difficulty spikes (I played on Hard setting though)-Cheesy dialog-Empty MP serversRECOMMEND:I suggest giving it a try if you enjoy arcade style first-person action. Sure the game is a generic FPS title but I think Alien Rage got unfairly bashed; maybe because the reviewers sucked at playing old school FPS games? Yeah, must be that!Bottom line, you seek an old school arcade-ish FPS game? Alien Rage could fill that craving!RATING:7.0 / 10."
,Recommended,217920,2471274,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,ogrobastard,"Remove the Energy Leash and the Gravity Boots from Bulletstorm,make it more harder and battle against fast enemies and big bosses.Welcome to Alien Rage,a Fast-Paced First Person Shooter with stunning graphics and action!"
76561197971446226,Recommended,217920,29031678,Posted: 5 January,all,NastyNine99,"Been thinking about getting this for a couple of years. Finally purchased on sale and don't regret it.Pretty fantastic graphics and level design so far. Very detailed artwork. Cool looking enemies. Great explosions. Guns feel about right: not under nor overpowered. Challenging and pretty fun. Died quite a bit on normal but the checkpoints are right there so you just have to do everything right for a little while at a time (easier said than done).  The enemies put up a good fight with AI firing from behind cover and the multi-tiered open level design keeps you vulnerable. Luckily, there are a lot of things that easily explode so keep your eye out for them."
76561198173606567,Not Recommended,217920,34386512,Posted: 20 August,all,KeinSchiesse,"And now a paraphrased scene from Snatch to encapsulate what playing Alien Rage is like:Player of Alien Rage: There's something very wrong about this. It was us who wanted to buy a (game) off of (you.)Devs of Alien Rage: Well, why didn't you ""bust a cap in his♥♥♥♥♥quot;, then, (Player?) Mind you, you'd do more damage if you threw it at him.Player of Alien Rage: What, you sayin' I can't shoot?Devs of Alien Rage: Oh no, (Player) I wasn't saying you can't shoot. I know you can't shoot. What we're saying is that six pound piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥stuck in your trousers would do more damage if you fed it to him.Player of Alien Rage: You saying the gun don't work?Devs of Alien Rage: You've tried it?[Next scene – Player tries to shoot (at the enemies), but the gun doesn't work]Devs of Alien Rage: Whoops.Player of Alien Rage: (annoyed) I wanna see that sneaky ♥♥♥♥ing (Dev.)As a First Person Shooter enthusiast I find this game very difficult to recommend primarily due to its wonky♥♥♥♥♥aiming and cheap as ♥♥♥♥ enemies (at times) the game will veer wildly from being a walk in the park to nigh impossible as nearly every single enemy you encounter is equipped with an AOE rocket launcher type weapon while other enemies will go invisible and sneak up on you to stun you, rendering you immobile til their buddies finish you off. You will experience plenty of this game's second word in the title as you witness enemies miraculously thread rocket launcher shots inbetween girders to nail you perfectly, meanwhile you will be dumping nearly an entire clip of ammo into the incredibly bullet-spongy enemies' chests and heads only for them to not even flinch.The guns with the exception of the shotgun all feel very weak. You may get lucky and shoot an explosive barrel in the corner of the room for the announcer of the game to excitedly announce killstreaks of some kind, but they never feel like theyre of very much player choice beyond happening to shoot the right barrel before a stream of enemies runs into a room and getting lucky that they all happened to be standing around near explosive objects.The game graphically looks good with intricate sci fi bases and features a full story with cutscenes and full voice acting, which is pretty well-done. You can gib the enemies and watch them explode into pieces as you launch them aside with some of the more powerful weapons (i.e. shotgun, some grenade launchers, etc..) and the technology, weapons, and environments all look appropriately futuristic and complex. It's a shame that the game's combat itself is so unenjoyable due to its bogus enemies and how often they're equipped with AOE damage making for a frantic, clumsy feeling, frustrating experience."
76561197970332116,Not Recommended,217920,33697739,Posted: 21 July,all,per.christensen,"Not my kind of game - the mechanics seem to be ok, but the game feels unfinished or unpolished. Gameplay is same, same, same - and even the easiest difficulty is punishing"
76561198041925232,Recommended,217920,9683081,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,stalker131,"Russian and EnglishНеплохой представитель шутеров от 1-го лица - преимущества:1) Не тупой герой - хотя со здоровьем проблемы (слишком много курил и пил виски)2) Отличный арсенал - наконец-то оружие инопланетян не требует перезарядки (понимаю что есть что-то реалистичное в смене магазина, но не доводить же идею до абсурда) и даже немного сюрпризов3) система бонусов за счёт - 3 пассивные способности (со временем - не сразу же мёд черпаком)4) противники используют полный арсенал - подствольники и т.д.5) боссыНедостатки:1) Способности и здоровье не всегда работают корректно - иногда выдерживаешь 2 попадания ракеты, а иногда умираешь от пары ионных шариков из винтовки.2) Сложность типа ""хард"" - это ультра сложно (из этого вылезла целая куча читеров - достачно глянуть на счёт в сети - хотя сегодня они именуют себя ""использующие трейнеры"" (*плевок*)) - смерть с 1-го выстрела3) Открытая голова героя (чтобы попасть было легче) из разряда ""лбом в стену - жаль стену"" и невозможность сменить скин4) Мёртвый классический (в стиле Quake) мультиплеер - понятно что читеры туда не пойдут.Итог - в целом шутер неплох, но проходится быстро и надоедает. Купить можно, но по скидке минимум в 50%.Not bad game in shooter genre - features:1) Not stupid hero - however he has problems with health (too much smoking and drinking whiskey)2) Excellent arsenal of wepons - at last alien guns don't need to be reloaded (i understand realism in changing clips but let's not make it idee-fixe) and few surprises3) bonus system - 3 passive abilities (not all at start - let's don't eat cake with 1 bite)4) enemies are using full arsenal - secondary guns and e.t.c5) BossesMinuses:1) Abilities and health are Not working correctly - sometimes survive 2 rocket impact, sometimes die with full health ferom few ion balls from standart rifle2) ""Hard"" difficulty is insane (this thing made a LOT of cheaters - see scores in intenet - however novadays cheaters are saying that they just ""trainers users"" (*split*)) - one shot - you dead3) hero's open head (maybe for enemy's headshot) looks like ""down with the walls - but walls are expensive"" and no chance change skin4) Dead classic (Quake 3 style) multiplayer - it's clear cheaters won't come to it.Verdict - game is good but after completion you'll return hardly and quickly forgot it. Buy only with discount no less than 50%."
,Recommended,217920,13153430,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,NativeOne,"i have only this one thing to say .. This is what Halo was meant to be .. new an improved .. Get it, you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,217920,8779223,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Jeffrie,"At first run, this FPS's eye-candy is nice and the adventure seemed to unfold well. Weapons and enemies are unique to the story and the dialogue unfolds the story at a good pace. However, the verbal humor got to a point where I was more annoyed than having fun. Cut-scenes were well done and was a welcomed break from the grinding of enemies to get to the next checkpoint. Once the eye-candy and newness of this game world wore off, I just had to stop. I was really just grinding through this game versus playing the game. Don't get me wrong, this game has some AAA polish, but the adventure value seemed to very ""robotic"" for the lack of a better term. After only a couple levels of single player mode, the blue-ish tint/motif to this game really just gave me a headache. In addtion, the music seemed like I heard it somewhere else and cheapened the atmosphere of this adventure. Overall, I couldn't recommend this game to anyone because it will simply become an annoying grind."
,Not Recommended,217920,3189857,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,biga,"Pro - graphics, guns, gameplay.Cons - Difficulty, checkpoint system."
76561198031794140,Not Recommended,217920,11328675,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,SultanSaidi,Wouldnt recommend it the combat is grindy the checkpoints are horribel seted the story gets deliverd through missabel audiobooks without the story you get just plain boring conversation between your charakter and two never seen other charakters and their conversation is pretty 2 dimensionali just gave up after 3 hours because i couldnt bear it to repeat again and again after i got killed always at the same point from the enemys difficulty is really high wich shouldnt be an con but you cant really conter the enemys you just run and shoot no cover system or anything what gives you an advantage oh aaand the enemies always hit you ALWAYS!the graphics is incredibel thoughbut still dont buy it the trailer is a lie
76561198025070201,Recommended,217920,9012264,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,EGOiST,"A 08/15-Sci-Fi-Adventure that still makes fun for a small price , if you know what you're getting into.65/100"
76561197998508098,Recommended,217920,8426367,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Wolfhound61,"Entertaining game, great way to relax And lose yourself."
,Recommended,217920,8601744,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,shanE_,"blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up, the physics, graphics & even the soundtrack are nice too.some achievements are bugged with easy workarounds, sadly another ""under the radar game"" so multiplayer is dead go figure cause people are sheep so buy this for the single player. unlike most other games the difficulty increases sharply above ""challenging"" even with all perks.ran okay on a i7 3770k & hd 7950 as well as an i5 2410m & gt 555m, ""optimization"" is fine only a few cutscenes have the fps jitter and drop substantially, but as i said, cutscenes only. as usual metacritic is garbage & full of trolls, this should have at least a 65."
,Recommended,217920,970812,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Mr.Bigtime-81,Ohh the epic blow up and raging on enemy with ur assualt rifle. never gets old. play on Hard difficulty!
76561198106233252,Recommended,217920,8652369,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Dieyouscum,if you liked halo then it is an awsome game.....
76561198024821508,Recommended,217920,8853586,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,streaks_art,"It certainly has the right feel with its weapons.Protagonist really feels like he is a career-type military guy everytime he reloads his Terran weapons.Alien weapons do not need reloading.Cheezy cast and equally cheezy characters in a very old worn-out scifi setting. But it gets the job done. You want real action real fast? It gives you that. But it tries to be realistic in a way that you need to duck and cover a lot of times.One would come  to the conclusion that the protagonist's physical armor is not his main protection. Rather it projects a shield that will dissipate the more hits you take. And once its down and you take just one more hit, buh-bye.You will die a lot in this game.Enemies are sometimes noticeably stupid.Wish the targetting system would be more helpful because most of the time, the reticle is too subtle whenever it is over enemies. This is the future isn't it? Can't the reticle light up in a neon color and not disappear when its over a target?I will be playing this game to the end, but after which I may uninstall it and not play it for awhile - as I suspected I might.UPDATE: Did I mention that you will die A LOT in this game? Gosh darnit it is really really annoying.UDPATE: Finished it (Feb6,2014). Was quite irritating dying again and again despite running around trying not to get hit and hiding behind cover, etc."
,Recommended,217920,8494957,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,PenguinActual,"If you've missed to good days of shooters when it wasn't owned by a sea of CoD sequels/ and EA's latest stain on the gaming scene, then this will be a great reminder of what shooters felt like. Instead of fending off endless tides of terrorists or Russians in what feels like the same war, you fight aliens on a mining base over a precious substance.This game is fast and brutal. I'd consider myself average at shooters and this thing kills you dead quick at the easiest difficulty (Challenging). Don't get me wrong, though, it's not impossible but you need to be fast and accurate to dominate this. At some points I found myself falling back so I can get some good shots off. Explosives are everywhere in AR and a well timed shot can remove a threat and paint half the room in fire and blood. If you see a red-orange glow... SHOOT IT! I can only imagine that the last difficulty level gives you a slight boost on health that Counter Strike gives you as I'm not insane enough to try it yet.Quality (Read: Lame in spots) writing is what is missing in modern shooters these days.  It's ""Sir"" this and ""Affirmative"" that these days but Alien Rage replaces that with the three characters (two are voice overs so no annoying AI Partner/s) taking verbal shots at each other as you find out what's going on. On the first level there are alien drones casually minding their own business as you have a firefight with some Warriors and a Grenadier. After killing a drone for the first time, the main character, Jack, says ""They took our jobs."" Thank you, South Park and the need for lame one-liners.The guns... What is a shooter without its centerpiece of destructive tools? Every weapon has an Alternative Fire function instead of an underbarrel grenade launcher or Underbarrel shotgun. Hell, the alien shotgun fires a ball of death energy that tosses enemies into the air! ""PULL""! The minigun shoots a ball of plasma and is insanely satisfying to watch enemies fall before your bullets. Aiming is fast and arcade-like. If you've played Unreal Tournament before then you'll know what I mean. The pacing of the game makes me feel like I'm playing a more interactive Light Gun shooter at a movie theatre arcade. In the scene where I mentioned the drones. You blow the door open, you meet the Grenadier in a camera zoom and accompaning title display, and it's straight to the shooting. Alien rage wants you to continue playing it even after you beat the story with its perk system. After gaining so many points (by racking up kills from headshots, explosions, melee kills, level completion), you unlock a tier of 3 perks and you get to select one to three perks to use making previously hard levels easier but still challenging.What about multiplayer? I dunno. I got into one match and the server was empty so I can't say anything about it.Over all: Pretty, fast, brutal, worth buying to kill some time when it's on sale, and explosions."
,Recommended,217920,18452666,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Motovector,"This game is amazing and worth every penny.  There are some bugs, but compared to 99% of the FPS games out there....  This game has the it factor!  Tons of fun, and feels great!"
76561197990033607,Not Recommended,217920,26691972,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,pianobasher,"Even at £1.49 i feel cheated. Just a frustrating game. Unskippable sequences before boss fights, 1 shot kills happening all the time, power ups take forever, long gaps between checkpoints, getting stuck on scenery , the list goes on and on.One of the worst FPS games i have played. Avoid at al costs."
76561198136385065,Recommended,217920,32696824,Posted: 23 June,all,nicthus,cannot save games.
,Recommended,217920,28246903,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Zagcizes,"Solid FPS shooter with a interesting story but repeative level design, samey gameplay mechanics. Basic but fun perk system with a arcade style scoring system. If this game had more AAA polish to it'd be even better but I still think its still a generally fun shooter.Also side note achievements are really buggy in this game."
76561198020360432,Recommended,217920,9918689,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,oOCHILLYOo,Great game Needs players for multiplayer as servers are always empty
76561198176433503,Recommended,217920,14877960,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,zazzmagicmaster,"Hmmmm..... Well I think I got pretty close to finishing level 4, and after a lot of high tension shooting, my guy gets zinged by a dad gum minni gun! Oh the agony of thinking about going back to that checkpoint again, after all of that hardcore G.I. Joe stuff !!! So I got all obstinate and went back to level one to beef up my perks.   ..........   You might notice that going back into some checkpoints can get a bit hairy as the AI bots then tend to cluster attack.(Or am I just paranoid?)."
76561198042052301,Recommended,217920,23073476,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,TheUnbornSilent,A fun little mindless shooter
76561198035359751,Recommended,217920,23212886,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,JackShao,"A fast pace FPS game that manages to deliver an exciting gaming experience that is truly exceptional! I don't understand why it was rated so low. I nearly missed it. If FPS junks like bulletstorm, latest CoDs (was good), or Tom Clancy the division got high ratings, why those ""Critic reviewers"" are so mean to this game? Man this game is so much fun, much better than those I can guarantee that, 30 minutes in it and I love this game already. 10/10 for sure!To sum up:This game is not for:- Fluffy FPS newbies who have problem aiming- Die-hard Battlefield campers who can't handle even a little bit of pressure- Sneaky Snipers searching for buggy/sneaky spots on Battlefield maps to get 50:1 KDR- Grenade Spammers sitting on top of an ammo kit and mindlessly spamming grenades- Auto-aiming coward hackers- Redneck team killersThis game is for:- Battlefield players who constantly push in a Rush map and capturing objectives in a Conquest map, while still getting some 2.6 KDR- 32 vs 32 map lovers cuz there are enough ppl to kill- FPS Vets who have devoted some 2000 hours in traditional competitive FPS games such as Battlefield and CS, and would like to taste something different"
76561197991724231,Recommended,217920,23176574,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,brainfuzz666,"fun shooter. had a few generic moments, but was pretty solid"
,Recommended,217920,21046426,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[SGDN] Guardian,"Alien Rage - Unlimited is a great game, a very atmospheric and highly underrated FPS, which bears all the traits of old school shooters of the 90s, which means; its freaking hard even on the second difficulty setting and the bosses are a real challenge (i.e.: The boss at the end of Level 2 was already very hard to beat. If I should sum up the three difficulties you can find ingame; Very Hard, Insane and ♥♥♥♥ You.). The game has an interesting storyline, good characters and voice acting (As good as in a sci-fi FPS they can be.). You may also hear plenty great references to other classics. The weapons have real power, the generic grunt enemies are also a challenge (Meaning they can kill you with a few shots, even the very first ones you'll encounter with in game.), and the entire setting looks great and well crafted, special thanks to Unreal 3. The world of Alien Rage reminds me mostly for the mix of Gears of War, Halo, Bulletstorm and Quake 2, with the hard core and challenging gameplay of the original Doom, Quake and Wolfenstein series. The game is very long, comparing the other games in the genre (It took about 11 hours to beat all 14 levels.). Alien Rage is a very nice fast paced FPS which is very satisfying and reminds me for the shooters of the glorious 1990s, and it is highly recommended for those who love a real challenge."
,Recommended,217920,33428802,Posted: 10 July,all,ramyland_maelstrom,Alien Rage - UnlimitedCompetent old school FPS - linear and challenging experience ( crouch / cover / melee mechanics are mandatory ) with tough boss fights !
76561198020522075,Not Recommended,217920,33196684,Posted: 3 July,all,MGL139,"I wanted to like this game becasuse it looked cool, but unfortunately it's just not a fun game. It's a challenging FPS, but not a good one.Hitboxes are bad, weapons feel weak and have awkward recoil with alt-fires that are mostly just different kinds of grenades (also all alt-fires use the same ammo). The game tries to encourage you to use cover because enemies never seem to miss a single shot but because enemies love to spam explosives it becomes pointless since the splash damage can hit you through an indestructible wall! The explosives do a ton of damage to you while yours usually just knock enemies off their feet. There are also explosives in the environment that are actually useful for killing enemies, but there's so many that it feels like you're meant to just use them instead of your guns. The game even awards you points for chaining multiple explosions together, even if you don't damage any enemies.Along with enemies having pinpoint accuracy they also move VERY fast, if you look away from them for a second they'll suddenly be right next to you and because there's an invisible unit with a stun, you'll find yourself frequently getting stunned from behind.Movement feels a bit off and having a jump in this game is completely pointless because they made it so short that you can't jump over the smallest things, so if you wanted to jump behind cover for safety or over it to rush an enemy you can't.Graphics look pretty good because of the game using the Unreal Engine. Animations are decent as well, but it feels like some of them don't need to be in the game like having 3 different animations for opening the same door (prying it, blasting it, and actually unlocking it).The game has a scoring system for how you kill enemies. This could be fun, but really the only point of these points is to unlock perks and the perks aren't too useful. It's hard to rack up extra points with the scoring system too because the only chance you'll get for a headshot is when they're firing at you (keep in mind they never miss) and double, triple, etc. kills require you to kill multiple enemies within about a second so you'll pretty much never get one.I won't touch on story because there's not much of one, but I was expecting that. Also, the multiplayer is dead so if you're an achievement hunter this game can provide some very easy achievements, but you'll never be able to get 100% of them.This game feels like Ci Games tried to make their own Bulletstorm, but they didn't do a very good job with it. The reason I say this is that Bulletstorm has the same point system, but it's all ""killing with skill"" and you're rewarded for being creative with your kills. This game doesn't give you much opportunity for variety in your kills at all the points system doesn't really serve a purpose. The other reason I say this is that the basic marine assault rifle looks like a ripoff of the basic carbine from the Bulletstorm, both the model and reload animation.If you want a challenging FPS and can get it on sale for really cheap, like it is at the moment, then maybe pick it up. Otherwise if you just want a fun FPS with a scoring system I suggest checking out Bulletstorm, it'll cost you more than this game would but it's much more enjoyable, especially if you're a casual gamer."
,Recommended,217920,13509102,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,coolRONz,"aliens with UE3 graphics, whats not to love? the only thing I found is the mouse settings had to be changed otherwise it was too jerky for movement."
76561198006534928,Recommended,217920,2375847,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,HeyMan85,"For a $20 game,I think this is not bad at all, the graphic looks good,too. The style of this game is kind of similar with Bulletstorm,a brutal sci-fi FPS, if you like Bulletstorm,I think you will also like this one."
,Not Recommended,217920,26394118,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,notclickbait,+ graphics+ single player is good- multiplayer is down ( in my playtime)- Only worth on sale (90%)
76561198059335940,Recommended,217920,24250840,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Putin Vodka,Better than serious sam3
76561198005765470,Recommended,217920,31759751,Posted: 14 May,all,Hell-n-Back,Tons of action !!!  Great Graphics !!  Some tough Characters (Aliens) That you need to deal with !!  Smooth Game-play is very nice.
76561197993288786,Recommended,217920,9800643,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Invest,Absolutely gorgeous first person shooter with perfect controls. It's really beautiful it's a shame you sprint so fast. If you take your time you will find alot of really awesome looking details. The action is tense and I personally like the humor. I totally recommend it for fast fps lovers. Oh yeah and I almost forgot: Explosions!
,Recommended,217920,305373,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Bastwood,"The pinnacle of generic scifi shooters. I mean, what do you expect from a game named ""Alien Rage""? A bald space marine mowing down an entire race of bipedals in a xenophobic rampage? Check. Graphics that are shiny and cool in the way twelve-year olds think things are cool? You got it. Endless corridors filled with crates, explosives, crates of explosives and an occasional button to press? It's all here.Anyhow, if you're feeling up to it, this game is a passable timewaster. The guns feel right and combat is satisfying: Not quite as hectic as the old school shooters since the enemies do tend to soak up quite a helping of bullets before giving up the ghost and you do need to take cover to regenerate health every once in a while, but definitely more briskly paced than your usual modern shooter.A couple of very annoying bugs have managed to slip in that had me gnawing at my keyboard (explosive crates not respawning after loading a checkpoint, bosses retaining their invulnerability shields forever if you die while they're activated etc. miscellaneous checkpoint-related bugs). Some of the gameplay decisions are highly questionable as well (unskippable animations between checkpoints and boss battles, misguided and unfunny attempts at some fourth wall breaking humor), but overall I daresay I slightly enjoyed the experience. If you just want to shoot some dudes and not worry too much about anything else, Alien Rage is there for you."
,Not Recommended,217920,20238129,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,LostInTheInternet,Dont.
76561198094044702,Recommended,217920,8047843,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,smilingsteve-O,Alien rage is awesome get it!
,Recommended,217920,2674795,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Shagrost,http://dokole.me/index.php/stoit-li-pokupat-alien-rage/
,Recommended,217920,10563499,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,goka9696,"So far the best game City Interactive. Not many bugs, looks nice, hard (although at many times it feels that game is either poorly coded at this or just made unfair)."
,Recommended,217920,25634469,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Tiss K,dark soul ver.FPS
76561198058977861,Not Recommended,217920,35263372,Posted: 28 September,all,The Chosen [OUT],"What can I say I liked the game for the most part but I had to switch it off because of guardian levels. Guardian levels have had there day, its an old format used to make games last longer back when we had to store information on floppy disks. There was limited space so in order to get a game to seem longer and take X amount of time to complete they would implement such content to the game so that the game would not seem so short lived.Today however that is not the case and it allows developers to be lazy and produce less content for a game all the while claiming it takes a long time to complete. With the amount of space we have on disks these days as well as downloadable sources it really shows developers of said content in a bad light.Yes I can spend hours defeating all the guardians playing the same content over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over until finally accomplishing it, but how boring. And I'm sure you can see from the last sentence how repetitive it is. Maybe some of you like games like this but I really can't imagine why, yes its good to go in and blow things up but I would rather go against hoards of enemies that I can at least plan some kind of strategy as opposed to playing a game that expects you to die just to work out how to kill something."
76561198092802767,Recommended,217920,20670392,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Dr Dave,Not too bad
76561197970482328,Not Recommended,217920,31323047,Posted: 23 April,all,fjk1138,"A generic game title that reflects the generic nature of the game in general.  The graphics are nice (what Unreal game really looks bad these days?) but the game is too difficult even on the easiest setting. On top of it, there is no head bob setting, and playing the game gives me horrible motion sickness. I even downloaded the editor for the ini file and tried adjusting but it made absolutely no difference.  It feels like a reskinned Bulletstorm in many ways and a ripoff in general.  At least with the remastered Bulletstorm I could play as Duke Nukem, but here?  Meh.  Raged Refund Requested."
76561198048853656,Not Recommended,217920,33486850,Posted: 12 July,all,SouL ReaVeR,"Hi people, so I'm a bit annoyed!!I realy liked the game It´s a pure shoot`em up FPS like doom, serious sam, duke nukem ... (in space of course!)No profound story, just to reduce stress.I rated this negative because the game isn't 20€ worth without multiplayer (no servers online).Conclusion: Wait until the game is again with discount(I got it for 2€)Realy, VALVE/Steam, why do you write ""Includes the multiplayer edition"", if it does not work ?"
,Recommended,217920,23805454,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,"Great futuristic FPS in the likes of Unreal/Bulletstorm, then this  game is for you 8/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fScBJxOaQ4&feature=youtu.be"
76561197970582046,Not Recommended,217920,33652193,Posted: 19 July,all,GreyWolf,Very poor mans halo the game itself is challenging you will die especially on higher difficulties. At sale price of 1.49 yaeh maybe worth a spin if you enjoy hard games for the sake of playing hard games. Shooting is responsive graphics hold up well given the age of the game engine.
76561198085042889,Recommended,217920,12390362,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,(SC) King Valas,"Remember when games were genuinly hard. This is one of those games. As I say "" It isn't called Alien Rage for no reason because you are probably going to rage"". However it is a very satisfying game mindlessly gunning down hoards of enemies in an extremely linear enviroment and it has some great boss battles that were rather challenging.It isn't the greatest game but is worth a play through for sure.7/10"
76561198005735469,Not Recommended,217920,24532255,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Jade,arcade style railway shooter. The bosses are dumb no improovements on other games like this one. story is so bland and boreing its a joke. Did the creators play halo or gears of war? its like they ignored everything that was already made.
76561198128019157,Not Recommended,217920,28885460,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Slimk1ng,No servers available on Multiplayer?
76561198122437200,Not Recommended,217920,28150621,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,jacob200x,"I have perfomance issues on a rig where I've never had issues with any other unreal games before, I dont understand why I constantly dip to 30 on the lowest settings."
,Not Recommended,217920,25478871,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Artifex,"Another terrible excuse for a game by Sh**ty Interactive. I got it for 2.5 euros, and yeah, totally not worth it.Long story short: graphics are great (for some reason, polish developers make games with beautiful gfx, but terrible gameplay, hey its their thing I guess) but the AI is totally rediculous. The bots will just run at you like idiots spamming secondary fire, so if there are many of them clustered you just have to pray that the developers didn't spawn you in the middle their swarm (but who am I kidding, ofc thats what the developers purposely did! and countless times at that...) and there is no difference when you change the difficulty, only thing that changes is the dmg. The difficulty is poorly calibrated, with some parts being impossible, and the rest being too easy, making you wonder what you are doing with your time....Basically, if the developers decided to give you an area with cover, you will♥♥♥♥♥♥those bots like nothing, but if they don't, its over, you can only pray that their auto-aim of rockets and grenades misses so that you can -by some miracle- take them out.This is NOT an old school fps, sorry guys"
,Recommended,217920,7370256,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,☩ SVERIGE ☩,.
76561198055287721,Not Recommended,217920,28710208,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Yautia,"It is worthless to buy this Game, there's no one out there who plays it..."
,Recommended,217920,13134708,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,gamerstu,"Decent classic FPS fun! Nothing but pure action, although very challenging at times, if you are into that kind of thing. The unreal engine makes everything looks glamorous once again."
76561198047411056,Recommended,217920,19446799,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,johnmjpm,Brillient  very fue bugs exciting
76561198021674381,Recommended,217920,10293967,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Goosman,Fun no brainer shooter.  Wanted a single player game to pass the time and this delivered.
,Recommended,217920,9786213,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,multipass,its actually a pretty decent story line game kinda makes me wish there was more people online to play with with the  some of the cool enviroments and all
,Recommended,217920,9822900,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Feraldog,"When I first bought this game I was not expecting much, but I soon found myself playing one of the most fun FPS games I have played in recent times. it had good graphics , good sound and a very good PC gamer Keyboard and Mouse setup options, and it was responsive and fast to play, it reminded me of a more action packed and feature rich Doom 3 with alien and standard weapon options , IN SUMMARY- great fun, one of the best shooters i have played recently, i rate it a solid 7.5 /10 for FPS games !"
,Recommended,217920,9555771,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,The Ornate King Hazel O'Hare,"anyone here a fan of the original doom games, well you'll love alien rage, esentually nothing more than a doom clone but man this games difficulty curve is steep, but it still brings back the thoughtless fun of run and gun voilence.six out of ten"
,Recommended,217920,9364862,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Trotskiii3,"You shouold play this game. end of story, its Good. its very very good."
76561198093145458,Recommended,217920,13873828,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,BigBlueDinosaur,"Amazing game!  Most criticism I think comes from those that only played the game a little and gave up on it.  This game gets better and better as you play.  Graphics are amazing (even if some trickery is used to acheive them and keep the frame rate up on slower systems).  There are some truly beautiful sights and intricate details in the environs, especially near the halfway point.  Difficulty isn't as bad as it may seem... perseverence and old school pattern recognition pays off.    If you rush in guns blazing like Master Chief, you WILL DIE.  Even at the beginning.  You must have tactics and use cover, playing defensively.  The game is rarely, if ever, ""cheap"" with its difficulty.  You usually die because you screwed up.  Weapons are satisfying and fun to use.  Enemies are diverse and aggressive.  Soundtrack is decent, and I began to warm up to the quippy companions you radio chat with and the audio logs tell a decent story, even if I was underwhelmed that there's basically no closure to it by the end.  This game is basically the love child of Doom, Halo and Gears of War.  ""I was told there were no gears in this!?!""  Self-depricating humor for the win.  I was sad it was over, which is rare for me with shooter campaigns that last more than 8 hours."
,Recommended,217920,14517816,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Rangerlump,Decent space shooter. Very fun but also very unforgiving at times. 7/10
,Recommended,217920,11984447,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,DJ Heady,"This is massive! Have you seen the trailer(s)? Yes, it is as that good as it is in those trailers! Massive weapons, brutal aliens with good AI, long and challenging boss fights, simply beautiful graphics and one more thing - the music. This is the only game, where I set the volume of the music higher than the volume of the effects. It is that good. Furthermore, there were parts of the game, that were really challening and while fighting with the aliens, I had to retreat back, where I came from to recover. Playing it I guess the fourth time. Well, because it is such a good game with lot of fun!"
76561198035494243,Recommended,217920,12158290,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,monk,\nice  game....but  it's  hard:)...need  a lot practice...
,Recommended,217920,11447364,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,M32James,"Great game, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,217920,13883899,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Kyle Whybrew,"This game is a tremendous amount of fun. Simple to control and easy to master, there are no frustrating parts of this game. The first boss is by far the hardest, but after that each boss fight has a trick to it that did not require me to consult a walkthrough. The hardest mode is easy to complete after the perks have been unlocked on a first play through."
,Recommended,217920,13886303,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,RejZoR,"Hey, it's actually pretty good first person shooter! Graphics are amazing thanks to Unreal Engine and what I have to especially compliment, FOV adjustment that actually works, something you hardly ever see in any modern games these days. Player movement and aiming feels the same as all UE3 engine based games so that's an awesome start, because some games just feel awkward to move around. Not this one. Weapons feel pretty solid and destructive, ranging from projectile ""human"" weapons to energy based alien weapons. There are tons of bosses to fight and they aren't just gun them down, you sometimes have to think a bit to make them die.Only downside are sometimes really crappy placed checkpoints where you might die a lot. And by a lot i mean A LOT. However, despite all the rage (funny how they placed that in teh game title) you'll have, the game will just keep on pushing you forward. You know those moments when game throws this seemingly unbeatable challenge at you and even though you're so close at throwing the game in the bin, you just keep on trying and trying. It's like that. It makes you hate the game so you love it. Weird, I know. The main reason for this are also player perks that give you special boosts. I'm not gonna tell you what they are, play the game and seeing how much you need to unlock them will make you want to play further. I'll just tell you they are so worth it, especially in the last 1/3 of the game. You can also change these perks on the fly so you can adapt to the given combat situation and they can help a lot especially for boss fights.It might not have the most complicated story and it took me only a bit over 7 hours to complete, but I have that satisfying feeling in the end. I think the game is greatly underrated and should get a bit more attention. And I think this is by far the best game from City Interactive and actually very decent in general. They used to release very mediocre games, but this one certainly stands out quite a bit. And they even prepared it for a sequel. For a change, I'm actually looking forward to it. Bring me the Alien Rage 2!"
,Not Recommended,217920,14930421,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"This is a sad example of the game that had a good potential, but failed miserably, because there was no actual plot besides ""shoot and run"". Unfortunately, modern games don't work this way anymore."
76561198041533993,Recommended,217920,14953389,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,=ICE=John,"Hi, I think this game is cool and is fun playing but the only bad thing about it is the multiplayer. No one is ever playing there,when i bought the game there were couple guys playing and it was fun!.I don't know if you will make something off this issue but i hope users see this and hope for the multiplayer to continue."
,Recommended,217920,19777354,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Knifemonkey,I dont know how i felt about this game there where part where I didnt enjoy cause i felt like i was walking throught like a zombie playing a different game but I did enjoy it a little . i would recomend picking it up on sale other then that it is nothing you cant find in a different game
,Recommended,217920,7622522,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,sw18576,"""Get your RAGE on! Don't believe the reviewers, this game ROCKS!"""
,Recommended,217920,7633808,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Jeff No Monitor,"Lorgnant du coté oldschool des FPS avec une approche de jeu arcade et tres brutale (meme en easy), Alien Rage - Unlimited s'avere une excellente surprise."
76561197995086333,Recommended,217920,27416680,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Destiny883,"A short and unimpressive FPS with some major flaws, including: dead multiplayer, broken achievements, boring level design, dumb dialogues and one of the worst enemy AI I've ever seen in my life (most enemies and even bosses can be easily defeated just by shooting them behind corners). That being said, this game is still capable of delivering a few hours of mindless shooting fun, so if you see it at a low price, be sure to grab it."
76561197966619209,Not Recommended,217920,30718049,Posted: 24 March,all,Virck,"Garbage game, only because I'm apparently garbage at a Genre I've been playing for more than 17 years, Challenging you get hit 4 times by fully automatic weapons, game over!Story is solid, voice acting is quite high quality, weapons feel mediocre, no real feedback and feel weak compared to what the enemy is wielding.I don't recommend this game unless you're looking for punishment, being forced to creep through areas, slowly picking off targets, simply for the fact that you can't take any damage."
,Recommended,217920,20168765,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Vykynge,Good old-fashioned twitch shooter with great gunplay mechanics.
,Recommended,217920,7568785,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,TwistedIntents,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. It's fast paced run and gun action that feels the way shooters are supposed to be, plus it's quiet challanging. The AI know how to aim making sitting behind cover not really an option, you have to keep moving."
,Recommended,217920,20566180,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Darenus Silver,"Length:First playthough 5.9 hours, several deaths and hold-ups, should be doable to 4-5 hours in a clean, smooth run. Did not try the multiplayer at all, though.Pros:+Graphical fireworks which would make Michael Bay Proud+Does not hold back with encounters to+Simple but fun weapons that make holes and scorch marks+Few but competently arranged enemy types to complement their squads+Simple but enjoyable bossfights+Basic but promising starts for a story, can be ignored if wishedCons:-Does not offer too big a variety in enviroments or encounters-Does have points where balance might seem off, but didn't become a problem for me-Possible pacing issues, due to the nature of one unlock if interested in the story-datbossdoelol...Wordywords:I rarely do write reviews but I do wanna give this one a thumbs-up here because I was positively surprised and glad to get this one when I did.CI games did deliver a game that does NOT deliver on what it promises, so be aware of that, but that's okay!Unless I am mistaken, ""oldschool styled shooter game"" refers to the very simple and straightforward FPS of the yester-year, like your Dooms or Half Lifes or such. And while I will admit that this game does very little to hold you back from the action, one important thing is that this has 2 additions that make it not old-school anymore. Leveling up and regenerating health. But please, in the context of things, it makes sense and it delivers otherwise on intensive shooter action, well worth your money. I would even go as far as to say that 20 bucks is a fair price if you really are into FPSs and are on the look for something familiar yet new.Essentially it plays like the modern day shooter with old-school excess. The story can be ignored if wished as it does not push up much beyond some lines of dialogue and the audio-logs you can listen to. to me, those were a welcome breather inbetween fights, so it was all welcome.The health you got at basic difficulty ('Challenging' is the lowest difficulty I can see) is big enough to sustain a good few shots but small enough to not have you juggernaut throughout everything without some care. It kept me fairly busy and I died a fair amount of times at points, but the reloading (checkpoints) is short and did not bother me, even when recording.The weapons are mostly fairly run-of-the-mill with the exception being a late-game alien-gun that still handles like an assault-rifle, but the difference are the 2nd fire modes, which I really like. all the guns, even your side-arm, have a 2nd fire-mode that costs a secondary ammo type, which is limited but still plentiful enough to use, so don't worry about stock-piling them for bigger encounters. Enjoy away! Even if most of them still just go 'boom', they go 'boom' in such a joyful and sometimes silly manner.Also the perks-system in the game, it started off incredibly slow for me as I did not pick up all the collectibles and did not too well on special kills, but after some time I started getting all the unlocks and I was able to actually adjust a few basic things until the last tier, which gave me an unlock that just kept me giggling like an idiot. Let's just say, if you fancy yourself a gunslinger and wanna do a challenge run, there might be something at the end.Lastly, while some of the checkpoints are far-appart and the bosses aren't stretching the limits of enemy design, it was always tight enough to be a small to fair challenge (for me) and otherwise easily doable after adapting a little bit.Highly recommended and I do hope this gets some more people to pay attention to this game and the devs, as I am starting to get curious about them."
76561197991282407,Recommended,217920,20072617,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,mwhornig,Great graphics ! Fun FPS not a lot of thought required but just a bunch of fun. The better you fight the more goodies you get. No manual save but checkpoints are frequent.
76561197971034014,Recommended,217920,24049534,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Blasatrigga,"CI GAMES - Game creators of two very underrated titles. ALIEN RAGE & ENEMY FRONT. One is set upon an asteroid where the hero survives a variety of aliens to eventually destory the mothership and stave off intergalatic war. The other enemy front is based in Nazi occupied Poland ( a very understated part of WW2) where you play a journalist whos really good with sniper rifles.Alien Rage is your average corridor, linear shooter. Its an experience well done in the fps world... so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥what. It is a great game to play with awesome weapons, AGGRESSIVE enemies that will storm right up to your huddling behind the crate a$$ and sucker punch you in the teabag. This games wants you to be filled with Rage, and by the end its ever increasing RAGE will have you RAGING also. For being in a genre so over done with rugged cliche space marine vs the universe this game is worth it for the on average 6 hours to beat gameplay. 3 settings take it from challening to hard to brutal. Each play through is enjoyable.Alien Rage is best compared to BULLETSTORM - the most comedic and entertaining FPS  game yet. Alien Rage gets rid of the comedy and one-liners for standard mission blah blah about what next needs to be blown up, but it keeps the kill for point system Bulletstorm utilized - but on a signifigantly less complex or creative format. Alien Rage adds in a perk system that allows the player to swap out certain buffs ( raise dmg by 10%, lower dmg by 10%, etc).The only thing I disliked about Alien Rage was the 1001% accuracy of the enemies, they can hit yo sh-t from the other side of the moon with a fuggin slingshot. You've been warned. My perception of why these bots have such good aim is that the game doesnt want you ducking it out like Gears of War or some other cover/conceal game, it wants you out in the action running around head-shotin, gut-punchin, and demoltion explodin the hell out of the alien menace.Alien Rage also has the multiplayer component, which is fast paced, simple (reminds me of Quake), and still balanced. As of this review in 07/2016 I have seen servers on the multiplayer once in awhile but, there are few of them about 4-5 with only 6 to 8 players on each. The average is that you will not find any.I purchased Alien Rage for 1.99 during the 2016 summer sale, and Enemy Front during another sale period, I have played through both twice and looking forward to a third time. A great game to boot up and get one checkpoint to checkpoint area done before being tugged back into the boring realm of life here on Earth."
76561198009480051,Recommended,217920,25694213,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Hawkeye0078,"Great FPS, simple and fun , not epic like some AAA titles but well worth the sale price."
76561197965936881,Recommended,217920,26367343,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Adam,"WOW !!! Got this game on sale during halloween and it may have been my best purchase all year. Such a terrific FPS, graphics are great and gameplay is great. I've had 1 issue so far which required a checkpoint restart to unglitch (find elevator b2 bug), but other than that - awesome game. I will say that I've been playing shooters for a long time. I often find ""normal"" difficulty a pretty easy experience however, I played for about 15 minutes and died about 4 times on normal, switched to easy and even that difficulty is rather challenging. This is easily an 8/10 game and very hard to beat for the price - even at normal price I still would buy it  knowing what I know now. Highly Recommend!"
76561197977324092,Not Recommended,217920,26408045,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,bkcrt,"Started out alright, but got crappier as the game went on. Controls are good, but the weapons are uneffective in your hands, but devastating in the enemy's hands. You can shoot grenades at them all day, and they just get back up, but if they shoot one at you and it goes over your shoulder and explodes 50 feet away, you still die. Not a bad start, but needs work."
76561198134530322,Recommended,217920,30892761,Posted: 1 April,all,#Gym life,Great combat and it looks amazing as well . Considering it cost $15 such a enjoyable game
76561197970524481,Recommended,217920,26240184,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,thingejf,"Decent, fun, but not stellar FPS.  Old school blasting, you versus a horde of aliens, even keeping score with real numbers.  Various ""streaks"" can be performed for bonus points, such as getting multiple headshots in a row, etc.  Interesting weapon selection with the human guns using projectiles and the alien guns using energy.  All weapons have a secondary fire effect that varies for each gun.  There are some perks to unlock to give bonuses that can be tailored to various play styles and weapon preference.Audio and video was surprisingly good, and the voice work was actually pretty solid and fit the game.  I just wish I would have taken the time to find more of the audio logs to hear more of the story, but hey, there were aliens to blast.  Though you can go back to replay levels, so finding the missing ones will always be an option.There were a couple spots where enemies didn't spawn causing me to be unable to advance, but reloadind the checkpoints fixed that.  Biggest downside for me was the occasional random difficulty spikes. Various sections and a couple bosses mid-game that made me swallow my pride and drop the difficulty down to the lowest setting.  During one umpteenth try at a boss I started calling the game ""Alien Rage-Quit.""  But all in all worth it for FPS genre fans, especially at whatever ridiculously low price I paid during a sale."
,Recommended,217920,30805610,Posted: 28 March,all,Streek,One Word Review: Fast
,Recommended,217920,24165606,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ErcVitez,"Very good looking sci-fi shooter game with great sounds. You will get exactly what you saw in the videos: very fun to play sci-fi first person shooter, nothing more nothing less."
76561198193044773,Recommended,217920,22750347,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,luapZazxc,"apart from at times being really difficult even on the normal gameplay mode it is actually a very enjoyable fps game, some elements obviously inspired from bulletstorm are present, and the weapons are gorgeoues especially the shotgun, overall worth the cheap price i payed."
76561198021652387,Recommended,217920,22555931,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Jady,"good game, good graphics!"
76561198218825347,Recommended,217920,22405452,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,newmanj94,reminds me a little bit of nova 3 for the ipod touch but yeah its a pretty good fps
76561197961091775,Recommended,217920,22491336,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,tinhat,gg single player fps
76561197993730311,Recommended,217920,22485636,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Turpertrator,Good FPS.
,Recommended,217920,22589356,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Ninja Shark Ultraz0r,"Took me little over 7 hours to complete this difficult fast paced action shooter game.I got this from a sale and I must say I enjoyed it. Don't think I will replay it any time soon, but maybe in the distant future I give it another try.This game is just blunt action. No puzzles what so ever, just killing aliens.It's even impossible to get lost in the linear levels where they point you every few meters into the correct direction."
,Recommended,217920,31547160,Posted: 4 May,all,Blacksoul,"I had a lot of fun with this game. If you love sci fi, this is a great action game."
,Recommended,217920,34099553,Posted: 8 August,all,F2P LoNe FoReSt,"First time I was very angry at this game. Because I being a pro fps player I could not shoot enemis properly, but after sometimes I suited with it. Everyone will say this game is hard. yes, it is hard !Cons:For me 70% of its hardeness  is for it's wrost shooting system I ever played in my 18yrs of gaming life, rest 30% is about the death in covers, nomatter where you are you will die in shockwaves or bomb bursts near you.Story is so lame to me.Don't know why evey objects have some lights and flashy ! So annoying, coz this is future? !!!Pros:Love the Bosses, they are so unique and loved their looks.Also the overall maps and graphics are good to me.Love the cutscenes they made.The weapons are good looksing and also love the secendary fire mode.I like the the melee kills, is so easy and funny, go to a cover, wait for them, kill 1 by 1. Overall I liked this game.Finally, I bought it in sale in cheap price. Overall price & performance, This game wins. 7/10 for its price."
76561198329978687,Recommended,217920,34495813,Posted: 25 August,all,Atem S.,"Really fun game and all but has a couple of flaws! One of the major is that the game is build so that you died on purpose at some point! Even if you shoot the ennemy and empty 2 clips of guns, nothing! Yet they kill you with 1 shot! Also, the mapping for the game is incorrect!; the right thumbstick is not working properly! Pass that a fun game and it was on sale for 2$ so even better! Online haven't touched but from whatI can see dead!"
,Recommended,217920,35102620,Posted: 21 September,all,MaximusRagnar666,enjoying it on Brutal Difficulty....
,Recommended,217920,35089169,Posted: 20 September,all,penis_,"For the bargain bin price of 2 whole dollars, it surpassed my expectations for a standard FPSChallenging combat, nice presentation, good selection of weapons.At times it can be confusing as to what the game wants from you, do you arena shooter strafe n blast or tactical cover whack-a-mole? It leaves the otherwise satisfying combat entirely unbalanced and sometimes scatters your chances of survival to the winds if you're going in blind.That and the somewhat unoriginal premise aside, it's a fantastic deal at 2 dollars and a fair deal at 20, worth a look.also to those saying its too difficult: git gud, this is pretty basic difficulty as far as the genre is concerned, even on hard mode."
76561198103538522,Recommended,217920,35268710,Posted: 28 September,all,xingying94guo,"Get it for a fair price when it's on sale. Smooth game play in basic difficulty, simple and excited, a little halo like maybe?"
,Recommended,217920,35315498,Posted: 29 September,all,particle,"I bought this game on a steam sale just for the price and didn't expect much. Before that I have never heared of that game.A few days ago I started playing and didn't expect much.But way was I wrong.I only played the single player mode and I realy loved it.It's a band shooter and there is not much variation. But after 2 hours or so I couldn't stop.Sadly one can only get the ""loaded last stand pistol"" in the end. But I had so much fun with it.If you are into straight railway shooters and love to see things explode then this is a good buy once it is on sale.Thank you developers - I realy enjoyed it!"
76561198066192600,Not Recommended,217920,35288559,Posted: 29 September,all,SUPER HOT,Bad optimization.
