user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,218090,7912467,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,SeriousCat,"Rating: 9/10Unity of Command is a turn-based, hex-based strategy game set on the Eastern Front of the Second World War. The scale of units depends on whether you play as the individually superior Germans, organised into divisions, or the numerically superior Soviets, organised into corps. Battles occur along what were historically organised as single operational fronts by the attacker. This game has an incredibly functional and elegantly minimalist UI, which makes planning and manoeuvring simple to execute.Strategy heavily focuses on logistics. Instead of drowning players in a sea of minutiae and micromanagement, the mechanics elegantly strip away all the non-essentials for this scale of warfare. All players need to be concerned about are maintaining supply lines—and how to cut off those of their enemies. Resupplying your own troops is done automatically at the beginning of each turn. Terrain features that support or hinder logistics, such as railroads, bridges, mountains and rivers, are the most important strategic points on maps and are furiously fought over. Although weather rarely becomes an issue for most maps due to the corresponding historical dates, the Russian winter at its fiercest can seriously limit your supply and unit movement range.Unlike almost all other games of this scale, the presence of logistics means that encirclement attacks work realistically, where you surround enemy units and cut off their supply (e.g. food, fuel, munitions). After being out of supply for 2 turns, a unit's combat effectiveness is incredibly compromised. After 4 turns, enemy units are unable to attack. In other games, encirclement merely increases the surface area from where can an attack enemy unit (i.e. multiple friendly units can attack the same enemy). As with German strategy in the first half of Operation Barbarossa, sometimes it's better to bypass large enemy formations and hit their rear supply lines using more mobile divisions (e.g. armoured, mechanised, motorised or cavalry units) than to fight a grinding battle of attrition focused on the complete destruction of the enemy.Despite deceptively simple mechanics, this game is quite realistic at portraying the effectiveness of strategies of the period. There are three main realism problems: (1) No fog of war, though formations at this scale are almost certainly known to enemy reconnaissance; (2) No command structures, which assumes that command delay is less than 24 hours; and (3) Air supply is not subject to anti-aircraft attack. There are far more complex and detailed games that achieve greater realism, such as Gary Grigsby's War in the East (Matrix Games), but the overall effectiveness of those strategies is largely the same as in this game but include far more micromanagement.The singleplayer AI is very well crafted, but there is a serious caveat: it's limited to planning one turn in advance. This makes the AI devastatingly effective at conducting defences, launching counterattacks and striking at supply lines, but unable to follow through strategic attacks. This is why in singleplayer you can only play as the attacker. To increase the difficulty, instead of simply achieving a marginal victory, you can take your chances at achieving a brilliant (i.e. perfect) victory by reaching all the objectives in record time.The multiplayer community is small, but you should usually be able to find at least one or two games every day through the following Steam group (Unity of Command Multiplayer). Unfortunately, there is no matchmaking service, which is why people use this group. Be careful though, as strategies that work against singleplayer AI are usually unsuited to facing off against infinitely more crafty human players."
,Recommended,218090,14780472,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Best Suited For Casual Strategists+ Minimalist, aesthetically pleasing design and visuals; keeps the game from appearing to be daunting or intimidating+ Soundtrack, while limited, helps one to focus adequately+ User interface is both clean and intuitive+ The challenge, and subsequent feeling of reward, is increased by many subtle factors; namely, these include: supply lines, weather, and terrain+ The added features of partisans, bridge demolition, air support, and reinforcements all lend to a feeling of depth and a vital need to remain calculating+ Much of the strategic nuances are carefully understated, making the gameplay appear simpler and more inviting+ Reinforcements are only available from a limited pool, forcing you to utilize your existing resources carefully- Learning curve, while not readily apparent, can prove to be somewhat steep- Ultimately, there are fewer available campaigns that one would like- Dramatically underwhelming tutorial- Crippling lack of display options- Multiplayer is direct-connect only, and has some functionality issues (although it is quite fun if you can get it working correctly)LockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561198040357920,Not Recommended,218090,13663209,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Floppy,"The good:I like the simplistic gameplay, and the focus on keeping your supply lines intact while pushing forwards. That´s what this game is about. Capturing objectives while keeping your units in supply so they don´t run out of juice on the front lines. All within a tight turn limit.It´s an intriguing and (to me) novel concept.The bad:It´s frustrating beyond belief. Not because it´s hard (it is) but because it´s to damn random.+Pushing an enemy off a tile is random.+Getting ""Overrun"" results, which allow you to attack again in the same turn, is random.+A battle can randomly turn out to not go as predicted and you don´t defeat a unit that you needed gone (the game shows you the expected outcome before you attack).+Bad weather which heavily favours the defender (you are never the defender) may randomly show up and completely screw over your push for the objective.+Specialists (expensive and often crucial) within your units may or may not be among the casualties when the unit fights.The problem with that is, the game does not give you the time for this kind of randomness. The turn limits are so tight that any one of these events can screw you over. Sure you might still beat the mission but the game differentiates between normal, decisive and brilliant victories. Many follow up missions are barred behind decisive victories and some even behind brilliant victories.So you try over and over again, without any change in strategy (once you got it down) and hope that you get enough ""Overrun"" results with your armoured units and you hope that your push doesn´t get stuck in bad weather until you finally beat it in time.Due to this, I can´t really recommend it as much as I like the concept of the game."
,Not Recommended,218090,17832972,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,sirdorius,"Do not buy this thinking it is a strategy game. A strategy game lets you explore many different paths to victory against an opponent that is reacting to you. You can create your own strategy to beat the enemy. This game on the other hand, is more like a puzzle game.The units are set up in predetermined positions. The AI is extremely passive and just reacts to the very few outcomes you can do by scripting. The AI stands absolutely no chance in a fair fight. The only reason why the campaign is so hard is because you are usually extremely outnumbered, you have a limited number of turns to get your objective and the supply line mechanic is designed so you are at a disadvantage as an attacker. Combined with the extremely closed scenarios, the AI just reacts to your predictable movements with strategies scripted by the designer. I frankly do not find any fun in that.TL;DR This is not a strategy game. It is a puzzle game where you play against the level designer to beat a level in a few turns with an overwhelming disadvantage. If you like that and pretty graphics, try this game. Otherwise stay clear of it."
,Recommended,218090,12809416,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,mikeydoritos,"If you've never played a turn-based, operational-level strategy game before, this is the best starting point. The intuitive UI and the kind of cartoony art assets make for a game that feels very inviting. However, this game is hard, but in a good way. Your onus as the player is to be clever, to examine the situation and find weak points in your enemy's defenses and assess risk and reward. You end up thinking like a World War 2 general after you play a little bit, and that's really cool."
76561197996356326,Recommended,218090,10797109,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Red Dragon,"TL;DR: It's awesome if you know what you're getting and if you're into this kind of game. To know what you get I guess you have to read the rest of this wall of text. I promise it will be a nice and informative read while covering most of what you'd want to know before you buy the game or one of the two DLC's.--------Unity of Command is an excellent game that manages to achieve a thing rarely achieved by wargames that deal with WWII on the operational level: It's accessible to newcomers and easy to learn, it's simple on the surface and in its gameplay but it still has enough depth and complexity to offer interesting decisions for veteran wargamers, because almost every decision you make carries some weight when it comes to the end result. There are other wargames comparably excellent to this one, but they make most newcomers want to vomit blood out of their eyes - because the developers place their confidence in you being willing to read a 100 page manual alongside playing their game and they assume you will look past the hideous and needlessly overcomplicated user interface. (I'm looking at you Korsun Pocket - excellent game, terrible learning experience).None of these things are an issue in Unity of Command. The user interface is excellent and very user-friendly. You don't have to click on a unit to get information about whether it can still attack or move, you see it at a glance because each unit has tiny icons below and around it, that tell you everything you could possibly want to know about your or your enemies' unit at a glance without wasting your time and clicking every unit to check manually.Another point where this game shines is its ""realism"". I know this word is hard to swallow if you're a ""serious"" wargamer and you look at Unity of Command. But this game basically models the higher-level essential things of what war in the eastern front at the operational level was all about. For the Germans it was about advancing as fast and as far as you can to take key objectives without outrunning your own supply or your supply lines being cut off by the enemy. The flipside of this naturally means encircling your enemy and cutting of their supply to weaken them and eventually starve them out completely. Also it's about breaking through (sometimes multiple) defensive lines of your enemy. Pick the weakest link in their line, punch a hole with a massed attack at that point, and then squeeze through everything that has wheels to advance as fast as possible towards your objectives, while your slower infantry divisions advance behind your motorized divisions and worry about securing the supply line for those advancing units, whilst simultaneously trying to encircle and destroy the enemy. The deceptively simple game mechanics of  movement and attack (whilst also considering rivers, terrain features and weather effects on your movement and attacks) are excellent at modelling all of the above - and in the end I think the gameplay mechanics really model everything truly relevant in the context of this large scale warfare level.Each of the units you'll see in the game represents several thousand, if not ten-thousand men and each single single hex represents 20 kilometers. Almost all you ever do in this game is move and attack with your divisions, move and attack. But where to move? What to attack? What to attack first and what with? Where to break the enemy line? How do you cut off their supply lines to starve them out? You also make important decisions in the form of ""theatre assets"" (air raids, building or blowing up bridges, extending the range of your supply depots etc.) Also you have to decide about reinforcements as the game progresses over turns (each turn represents 4 days), so new reinforcements may come into play - on your side as well as on the side of your enemy. Sometimes you need to take a specific area at the edge of the map so your own reinforcements may enter from there, at other times you just replace some losses that your divisions in play suffered already (which sensibly you can only do if they are in supply).So yes at first glance your options seem somewhat limited but they always make perfect sense in the context of modelling the war in the east. You could bomb a city where an enemy infantry division has entrenched itself, but each air attack you launch on that city has a chance of turning the city into ruins, giving any enemy division within it even more defense as fighting on a pile of rubble increases their chances to hide and ambush if you launch an attack into that city. Some divisions have artillery attached, but if you move that unit its artillery attachment (""step"") won't contribute to your attack value, it will only contribute in your defense and attack after you end your current turn and they have set up. This game is just full of gameplay details like this which make absolute sense. If you enjoy pondering these kinds of decisions with a feeling that virtually each small decision matters for the outcome, then this is a game for you. You can also play this game okay without paying much attention to the deeper details - you won't excel at it but you could still play very competently and there aren't that many details to know either, the complexity of your options and decisions arises from the interaction of the gameplay mechanics and the finer details.Also there are ""Zone of Control"" mechanics meaning every (non-weak) unit in a hex extends a zone of control into all six hexes around it (as long as those hexes are inside the own territory), meaning enemy divisions who move into these hexes are immediately ""pinned down"" by the division controlling the zones around it and so the pinned unit can't move any further this turn. This leads to excellent tactics, where some of your units ""clear"" those zones of control and get pinned, while others advance through and past those friendly pinned divisions and thus can advance deeper into enemy territory without getting pinned themselves. You'll learn what that means and how important zones of control are soon enough, because the nothing short of excellent AI will constantly make intelligent use of this mechanic to exploit any hole and weak link in your own defensive lines which may have looked good and solid enough a second ago when you ended your turn, but proved to be as fragile as a butterflies wing a moment later. Also the AI is excellent at defending any objectives you need to take. It knows exactly what your objectives are and dynamically and competently adapts its defensive lines to hinder your progress at every turn. Good times.-------------I do have some gripes about Unity of Command as well however, but they are nowhere seriously bad enough to spoil the fun and experience you can have with this game. I've come across at least two maps that are ill-conceived for 1920x1080 resolutions, because there is a limit to which point you can drag the map view around and some of your user-Interface elements can end up blocking a part at the edge of a map that isn't greyed out and where the actual gameplay still happens (though you can quickly enable and disable user interface elements with hotkeys, so the problem is merely annoying, not gamebreaking). Also there is little variety in terms of music, but the music that is there is really nice. (And it's not as if I can't mute it and play my own music anyway).If I had to criticize gameplay I would say it's mainly this: Your performance is solely ranked based on how timely you take objectives and nothing else. Rarely this can lead to stupid outcomes where I took Stalingrad on time with two completely weakened divisions, my other forces virtually obliterated. I'd have lost on the next turn, but because I took everything on time it was a ""brilliant victory"". Troop loss should have been included in your performance rating. Also random outcomes and weather can prevent you from achieving the best possible rating."
76561198040236325,Recommended,218090,17845865,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ace_Rimmer_CRO,"Even after few years, this game is so fresh and enjoyable to play. Its quite easy to learn basics and quite hard to master, I d reccomend it to any WW2 fan. I must note that reviews of the players who spent cca 10 hours in this game are rubbish, cause game is much more complex than written in reviews. Amazing thing about this game is that it doesnt have only operational side of the war gaming and one can easily notify strategic side of each map. Due to this, multiplayer games are never the same, or even similar, which constantly adds fresh flavour of this game. Defo one of the best&most realistic ww2 strategies, only object I have is relatively small community of players. Cant wait for new games from Uzelac& company :)"
76561198000235087,Not Recommended,218090,16100473,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dam,"Bought it on sale, trusting the so many positive reviews, and the ""that's just like panzer general"" gimmick.After a few games, I lost interest and can say I would not recommend.disclaimer: I play mostly offline. The 1.3 hours are not accurate.Pros:- supply lines are the best feature of the game. You need to protect yours, strengthen your salients while piercing the frontline, extend with caution when the front has collapsed, and it's very rewarding to pocket enemies. It adds a real layer of tactical depth to the game.- suppression and weakening of units is nicely implemented.- and that's about itCons:- No fog of war : all units (and their strength, and type) are always visible, not matter how far they are, even in forests or with bad weather. Why you would remove such a critical (both historically and gameplay-wise) element is beyond me.- Passive AI, challenging only because of the usually tight turn limit : seems programmed only to make you miss the ""brilliant victory"", which is incredibly tough to get (needs perfect play and weather : no hex wasted, luck in all rgn fights).If you don't care about ""brilliant victories"", there's no challenge once you've mastered the basic rules. On my real first try at the ""Black turn"" campaign, I had all decisive victory except for Moscow, where the (random) weather  pinned my offensive for so many turns.The real game in ""Unity of Command"" might as well be about  ""getting 100% brillant"". The problem is that the game is not satisfying and rewarding enough for me to care. It's simply not good enough.- meagre gameplay : that's what made the game quickly repetitive and boring. You don't control your airforce, you don't control your artillery, there's no naval force, did not see paratroops... meaning your panel of actions and tactical choices each turn is very limited : thick ground, and that's it. You can't combine the way PG let you combine 20+ years ago, or build these fat infantry/flak/artillery mutually defending clusters.- The game lacks the entrenchment ""finesse"" of the old PG : entrenched units had and could be softened/suppressed/peeled in different manners, while in Unity of Command it's binary : resists/breaks through the use of a specialist unit, of sheer force. It might as well be a justified by the fast pace the developers intended to give their game (most battles must be resolved in 5-6 turns), but it's a poor choice, as it makes the game more arid.- no real campaign (as it seems to be) : defeat means game over, normal or decisive victory lead to the same results. No branching.Could be wrong though, as I never achieved brilliant victories in campaign (couldn't be arsed).- no deployment : even in campaign mode, the starting positions of all units are predetermined : really absurd, and twice. First, if I'm Zukhov or Paulus, why am I tied to the choices of other Zukhov or Paulus ? Second, since you can't place your units were you want, you can't use where needed the units you previously overstrengthened or augmented with a specialist token. Meaning the huge amounts of prestige spent doing so are used to their full potential only during the battle you did it.- music is generic and unatmospheric at best. Best muted.- etc.Could go on with the consUoC could have been so much more enjoyable.A real disappointment."
76561197989938780,Recommended,218090,17956119,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Pavlov's House Party,"I love this game, but it should be made clear that it is NOT a strategic or tactical combat simulator like games such as Panzer General. I think that many users dislike the game because they have mistaken it for a tactical combat simulator, which is just not the case.It is instead an Operational warfare simulator where the destruction of enemy units and control of the map are less important than creating and exploiting breakthroughs in enemy lines, disrupting the enemy's and protecting your own supply lines and sparingly deploying your reserve forces. Because the game focuses on the Operational level of warfare, it is entirely possible to win a decisive victory without destroying the enemy's army if you pay attention to maneuver and logistics. You will actually be punished for throwing your forces into a full blown assault in an attempt to destroy their forces or control the entire map because the AI prioritizes logistics and maneuver, and because the scenarios have a very short turn limit.I recommend this game but do NOT mistake it for a tactical combat simulator. This is not Panzer General; winning takes careful planning and attention to factors that other strategy games downplay or leave out all-together."
76561198136087643,Recommended,218090,12378972,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,cuqeen,"Very good game, nice playing mechanics, a challenging game (achieving brilliant victory is very hard, at least for me) and very good graphics style and gaming music, it's the kind of game that seduces any strategy gamer and makes him love it.Totally recommend it to all turn-based strategy games fans. I believe it's one of the standout TBS games that were released in the last years."
76561197992206547,Recommended,218090,9340691,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,B00tsy,"This game is a nice surprise!  I would have overlooked it if it was not on sale, but I am glad have it now and it is defininitely worth it at full price.This game has been made by only 2 guys, but the quality is excellent. Even though this is not an easy game and has more depth then it looks at first glance it is easy to get into the game thanks to a good tutorial and intuitive UI.If you like Stratego and chess then I highly recommend to pick this game up! (be sure to get the 'red turn' dlc too, because it has more beginner scenario's).Oh and it also has a nice scenario editor/builder, multi-player and hotseat option too!"
,Recommended,218090,14550627,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Cataphracts,"Unity of Command is like no other game I've played. Attractive design and wonderful UI make me wish all other strategy games I play looked this good.  Having 25+ years of PC gaming xp that started with a Commodore 64, this game is on my very short list of best ever! I keep comming back to it and never know why I left.The user interface is perfection and does not take up 40% of the screen like other strategy games.  I love that you can see the risk involved in your attack moves beforehand so your can approach conflicts in your own way.   Really like the combined arms play and excellent balance.  Love the theater of war moves, the complexity of logistics, and sharp background music.  Replayabilty is very satisfying.  Greatly detailed manual as well. Highly recommend!"
76561198034502466,Recommended,218090,11112593,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Sunjian54,"As a Military Historian and a fan of Strategy games I can say without a doubt that this game is worth the buy, especially with the DLC. This is the most realistic WWII game I have played. Every decision you make has a consequence and that powerful armored thrust that you think will win you the battle, can suddenly turn on you when they're cut off and surrounded making your job even harder. This game gets so much right when it comes to being a general. You have to plan 2-5 moves ahead so you can not only find the proper strategy but outsmart a THINKING AI."
,Recommended,218090,7768779,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Death by Snu Snu,"A really fantastic, approachable wargame that is all about supply. While I'm not a fan of having to unlock further missions through really difficult victory conditions, this is remedied in the DLC, so props to the developers for taking feedback to heart."
,Recommended,218090,9441283,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,pendantry,"If you've ever whiled away an hour or nine playing 'hex wargames' -- those things that a great many gamers used to play back in those dim, dark and distant years BC (before computers), the ones with paper maps, cardboard cut-out unit counters, thick rulebooks, charts and random number generators (RNGs) called 'dice': you're in for a treat withUnity of Command (UoC).UoC: Stalingrad Campaignelicits in me strong memories of many such happy hours playing 'Battle for Stalingrad' by Simulations Publications Inc (SPI) back in my teens. I used to lose to my mate Roland -- a lot. But I always came back for more :)Of all the games I've played recently, Unity of Command has possibly the best potential for true longevity -- if it develops into a framework for folks to make their own wargames."
,Recommended,218090,12571335,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,as baller as possible,"""MUH SUPPLY LINES""This expression indicates Gamer's confusion and lack of understanding. When confronted with game mechanic he cannot understand, Gamer mumbles ""b-but muh supply lines"" or ""muh supply lines mutha♥♥♥♥a"". This is usually followed by getting encircled and losing all of his panzer divisions."
,Recommended,218090,31400846,Posted: 27 April,all,Robert,"Unity of Command is an elegant distillation of hex-and-chit wargaming. It concentrates on one key aspect, supply. All your decisions focus on how to maintain or restore your supply, or deprive your opponent of theirs. So you only have to learn one simple system, this is elegantly visualised in-game, and you can use that to come up with all sorts of clever plans to defeat your opponent.Of course there is a deep combat engine that you really need to understand after you've winged your way through the first few scenarios. The game does a good job of communicating to you how it works through tooltips, but I found it very useful to read the PDF manual after a few games to solidify my understanding. I haven't played hex-and-chits before (I'm more of a miniature gamer) so I didn't have the experience that I think the game assumes you have with combat result tables.One downside is that the early scenarios do seem to have a solution that you need to figure out, so they can be more of a puzzle than a free-flowing wargame. Of course this is still a satisfying experience but it does shift the way the game feels. Also the conditions required for the top level victories are so tight that if any of the random weather gets in your way you sometimes have to restart and try again.Regardless, a wonderful and well-polished game. Fantastic visuals, responsive and clear UI, a plethora of scenarios, and a scenario editor are the icing on the cake."
76561198058427426,Recommended,218090,13037493,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,dubious,"I was really missing Panzer General series and its operational level simulation. This game delivered but also gave me something new. The main innovation, suppy lines, has a big effect. One must think about encirclement and weak points instead of wiping out every unit in one's path. It's also important not to leave your supply lines exposed as having them disrupted even once can mean the difference between victory and defeat.The mechanics are fairly easy to master and the game can tell you how many units you can expect to destroy/lose in any given encounter. There are many interactions to consider (terrain, weather, entrenchment) and since its an operational level game you can be winning individual shootouts yet lose the big battle because you are acting too carefully. The game takes about 20 hours to fully master but provides replay value as you can try to win every battle with a brilliant victory or just try a slightly different approach.Unlike PG you can finish each scenario in one sitting. The size of the maps is pretty manageable. There's no such diversity of units as in that game but I didn't really miss it. Ultimately the most interesting thing about the game is making decisions of how many units to commit, where and for how long and doing it all without outrunning your supply lines, often this requires coordination between units.My two complaints are: the AI is a little weak, enough to provide a challenge but not enough to really surprise you and often committing foolish errors; the other is that battles can only be played in a pretty strict sequence. So if you finish a campaign and want to replay a battle from near the beginning, the later battles will become inaccessible.I loved the game enough to buy all the expansions and play them through several times.My wish for the game would be that units carried over somehow. It was great to see my units in PG progress from green to elite and encouraged me to be careful and avoid throwing units into meatgrinders. Although bashing at a city while suffereing bad losses in order to achieve your objective is often needed in UoC and is an interesting part of the game since it forces you to take risks.I'm still looking for a game that would combine this kind of battle simulation with an economic simulation since as they say WWII was won in the factories."
76561198049904632,Recommended,218090,17585082,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Warspite,"Unity of Command and it's DLC's Red and Black turn are some of the best games I've ever played. The campaigns are difficult, hell I failed the ones rated easy quite a few times, and even then I have never been able to get a brilliant victory on them. You alone must find a way to circumvent or smash your way through the enemy forces and capture the objectives. However, the AI will not take this lying down. You wipe out half their units and are close to grabbing the objective, and they wipe out your suppressed Panzer Divison because you thought it would be a good idea to smash 3 different Mechanised Corps and open the way for your infantry divisons to surround those 2 tank diviosn that are in a nearly unassaliable position, and then strikes right into your supply chain, You have 1 turn to get your supply chain back, and by then they've repositioned their defences around the objective.To quote X-COM""Good Luck, Commander"""
,Recommended,218090,485054,"Posted: 18 October, 2012",all,Alexspeed,"Did you play ""Panzer Genaral"" back in the good old days?If the answer is yes, this will bring back very fond memories.Its a tactical wargame that works with hexes (altough sadly, no nato markers).Very simple explained: You have units and there are turns, you have objectives to take, and the way you do it is up to you. The faster you are, the better. There is a campagin and scenarios. The game is easy to learn and quick to get into.It has obviously not the depht of a grand strategy game like ""Hearts of Iron"", but thats not what it aims for, its just about the battles, and this it does very well. There are aspects like supply and airstrikes, and also resource points (prestige) for reinforcments. Overall this is historically quite accurate, down to the unit names and battle lines. Graphically it is very well drawn and nicely animated, sounds are good as well.If you have a drop of strategy gamer blood in you, you should buy and play this right now. Its worth every cent! =)"
76561198064254143,Recommended,218090,23052716,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Revan,"So. Unity of Command. A little strategy game set around Operation Barbarossa which harkons back to the old days of strategy gaming where you didn't need the reflexes of a four year old on a sugar rush. Very beginner friendly, but not so much in skill required to play.As much as you might feel the desire to charge towards Leningrad and damn every Soviet who stands in your way, I'm afraid you'll have to hold your horses there. There's just a bit more to this little gem that just clicking and attacking. You must manage your supply lines which stretch so many tiles from the the rail lines and supply depots. Along with trying to not be too reckless with your panzer and infantry brigades as you only have so many reinforcements you can call in.However, with careful use of units, supply management and using your dive bombers and bridging units to full affect, you should be well on the road to victory.Oh, and the music is priceless. The couple of tracks which loop over, will send shivers down your spine. If a piece of music doesn't portray the hard slog the Soviets and Germans endured on the Eastern Front, then I have no idea what does.Easily worth the £14.99 price tag."
76561198007033308,Recommended,218090,30711747,Posted: 24 March,all,sandman2575,"An overlooked gem of WW2 strategy games.Really hits a sweet-spot of 'Not too shallow, not too deep"" that is all too rare in this genre. (See also the Decisive Campaigns games -- more complex than UoC to be sure, but not overwhelming a la GG's War in the East.)Unity of Command is *not* Panzer Corps / Panzer General -- decent games in their own right, but very Beer & Pretzels without much complexity. UoC makes for a far more interesting challenge, taking into account the importance of logistics/supply, giving a historically accurate order of battle on the divisional/corps level in a series of well-designed, historically informed scenarios.The devs deserve a lot of credit for design concept. UoC is an elegant WW2 wargame -- stylish, pleasing to the eye, easy to understand and functional UI -- that more 'grognard' game designers could well afford to take a lesson or two from."
76561197984668685,Recommended,218090,10353758,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,deno,This game is a nice throwback to panzer general and other hex games with its own unique mechanics.  I recommend it to everyone.
,Recommended,218090,15324057,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Dezert Rat,"A nice tbs game, a lot like panzer general.Differences:- there's unit supply to take into account- there are  less unit types, however there are attachments to units- the campaigns and scenarios are all on the eastern front- air support is mission based, there are no aircraft unitsThe interface is simple and the game looks simple enough, but it's quite challenging.You must not let the enemy cut you your supplies, you must keep your units supplied and you must advance fast!Against:- there are to few campaigns - only 4 (with the dlcs)- the game doesn't integrate well with steam, you can't access steam within the game nor take screenshots.- you can't play more than one campaign at the same timeAll in all it's an interesting game despite its limitations.UPDATE:I found out that saving campaigns is quite easy, using the Load Game/Open saved games folder and copying the folder in windows.Uploading screenshots from windows to steam is also possible but more complicated."
76561198030176685,Recommended,218090,11890530,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Kaustek,"This game is by far one of the best strategic games I have ever played. I am in love with it.The soundtrack gave me goosebumps and sent chills down my spine. The game can be played without a tutorial; it's that simple.I seriously hope they make more additions to this, perhaps a North Africa or a Pacific add-on."
76561198005088923,Not Recommended,218090,33037507,Posted: 30 June,all,GenSpaceCake,"I want to like this game - the art style, the battle dynamics. However, I cannot recommend it, as it is essentially a puzzle game and not strategy. The turn limits are rather punishing,not awarding any prestige if you do not get to objectives by like turn 3-4. There's literally only one way to get this done - the way devs intended it to. Which is why it is a puzzle game.I did not find the gameplay to be rewarding, but rather frustrating. Let us play the game the way we want to, damn it!"
,Recommended,218090,9484804,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,[BFC] Tenacious Lee,"A solid intermediate entry into logistical and strategic wargaming, with both beautiful and clean assets and a foreboding soundtrack. Yes, this might appear to be like many other board or video game strategic wargames. What separates Unity of Command, however, is the cat and mouse aspects of defending your own supply line while simultaneously attacking your opponents, to prevent your troops from running out of supplies (ammo, clothes, food, one would assume) while taking away these necessities from your opponent, giving you the advantage. Without saying much more and probably repeating what others have said, UoC is one of those games that appear simple on the surface -- youu load the deceptively small game, play through the tutorial, and then load up the campaign or scenarios hitting the ground running -- but after your first and second round you begin to realize that it will be hard to master. Sure, the initial handful of scenarios are easy, even for the relative genre newbie, but the difficulty begins to quickly ramp up, never treating you with kids gloves. It is important to note that the game is difficult without being unfair, or using cheats to compensate for lackluster AI: you won't find those problems here. All of the aforementioned, should be noted, sits pleasantly under one of the most pleasing UI design choices in any wargame I've seen. Like the game itself, the art direction and UI can be summed up as simple, effective, and beautiful. This relatively inexpensive game will serve you with many hours of fun for a long time. Definite thumbs up from moi! :)"
,Recommended,218090,13205258,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sodomite the Devourer of Ass,"Though it has quite a bit of a learning curve, Unity of Command is an excellent turn-based strategy game, and is very realistic in the sense that spamming infantry simply won't work if you opponent is well set-up. The Supply Line feature is also very realistic. While it allows you to potentially thrust deep into enemy territory along the railroads, any enemy presence on those lines will cut off supply.The game is good for both a defensive and offensive strategy, where units can entrench themselves, making a line of them near-impenetrable even with tanks, or by equiping your units with ""specialists,"" or specific units, such as StuGs, T-34s, or Engineers, you can give them a huge advantage on the frontline. But above all, my favorite feature is the one that urges you to minimize loss of life. If a unit is destroyed, the overall morale will drop, and your troops will be less inclined to stand their ground.Overall, this is a strong choice if you want a turn-based strategy game."
76561198189447891,Recommended,218090,32393433,Posted: 13 June,all,leeradical42,Unity of Command is a all around great game i had a very good time with it and in Operation Barbarosa i reall enjoyed the fact that u can attack Russia just like History with all 3 army groups and get to pick army group north center and south it adds to the realism of what command and challenges the generals of each group faced a easy tutorial will get you going in no time excellent game.
76561198007286350,Not Recommended,218090,33922220,Posted: 31 July,all,karolinerna2000,"I wanted to like this game but it is just soulless. My short background: I have been playing strategy games for 30 years.This game is too limited. You cannot save in the middle of the campaign scenario. Just inbetween the scenarios. I have still to see any core units following me through in the campaign. The game map is too small to make any alternative routes to get to your objectivs interesting. And since it is very time constricted you often only have one or two ways forward and you have to follow the supply lines closely. You cannot affect them in any way. As other have said, the game is more puzzle based than militarily strategic. If you get the game with knowing that you might like it if it is on sale but otherwise you will be dissappointed. The big problem I had was that all units look the same and you don´t get a feeling for them.I bought this game with at least 50% discount and as such it barely manages to be worth it. If they would have huge maps like it would have been much more interesting. Now the maps are too constrained.I would rather recommend Drive to Moscow which I found had a very good A.I and is more rewarding if you want this kind of light wargame or go for the really good gems like Order of Battle or Panzer Corps if you want something more heavy but still easy to learn."
76561198053500451,Recommended,218090,19277604,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Tosche Station,"Impressive strategy game. You command either the Soviet or German forces on the European eastern front of WW2. The game is accurate to history reagarding the sequencing of Stalingrad, and a perfect way to carry out the battle as you may seem fit. But remember the game is just that: Stalingrad with surrounding skirmishes, and nothing but that.The combat is comparable to Civilization V's: hexagons with finite movement for units. The main difference between Unity and Civ's combat systems, however, is the logistic behavior. Units have supply gauges that change with the availability of resources, toggled by supply line efficiency. Of course, if the enemy captures a section of your supply line, it will not be efficient for you! So a main component of the game's objective is supply line management, a category of logistics.One might think that this game is simply strategy combat, and therefore boring. Within an hour of gameplay, that person can testify otherwise. The dynamic weather/landscape and intelligent AI kept me engaged for sure; the enemy always has something brewing in the pot. You can notice its strategy, often focusing on your weak and vulnerable units to find a path to your supply line. Other times it makes deliberate retreats when you do that same thing to them. It's truly captivating.If you are interested in a microcosm of Civ V's combat and then some, this is the game for you. Nothing daunting, just casual strategy fun.9/10"
,Recommended,218090,25003239,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,BlueOrange,"I love this game.  Every few months, I come back to it; I try to improve my performance in the campaign, or to improve on my performances on the tougher maps."
76561197991077078,Recommended,218090,31590678,Posted: 6 May,all,Crazy Joe Devola,"I am an old hand when it comes to the hex-and-counters type of computer games. (Heck, I've even tried the paper versions.) And this is one of the very best around! The scale is operational, so you are dealing with divisions and corps, and you are trying your hand on large battles here. But the scale is managed just right, giving you a very managable game. Graphics and sound are very good for this kind of genre.It is possible to complain regarding some aspects of the game from a realism POV, but my own impression is that, albeit stylized, you will get an image of these campaigns that is actually pretty close to the real thing when it comes to major determining factors. The emphasis put on supply and weather is historically correct. (Still, in line with the general feel of the game, the mechanics are easily understood.) Any game of this type and on this scale will be abstract, but here you get the abstractions in a very easily mastered form.There are games doing the very same WW2 campaigns using literally thousand of units, but I'm not sure that the end result when it comes to historical realism is so very different. The time limits of the scenarios is of course a very artificial constraint, and some of them are very tight indeed, no doubt in order to make a more tense (and tough) game. But then again I find this part of the charm of this gem of a game.It comes with a scenario editor, which is always a boon to these type of games, and there are a number of good user-made scenarios to be found. That's an additional plus.Very, very playable! Highly recommended."
76561198138031671,Recommended,218090,12103725,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,eRab,"After well over one hundred hours invested, I can say I highly recommend Unity of Command to any gamer that likes strategy games. My congratulations and thanks to those that made this game for getting their history right. The individual divisions and corps that are in the battles in this game were in the actual battles as well, along with the correct opposing generals. Those involved in making Unity of Command really did their homework!! As a newbie, I appreciate the individual scenarios starting 'easy' and working their way up to difficult. It allowed me to learn the game, although for an old man, those 'easy' senarios were anything but. The game is well thought out. Like the real Eastern Front campaign, you fight the weather, supply lines, terrain and the Russians with panzer, motorized and infantry divisions. The original game features the Stalingrad campaign, the DLC features the Russian offensives of 1944, with additional DLC taking on the 1941 German invasion of Russia. My favorite is Operation Typhoon, the battle for Moscow. Like Field Marshall von Bock, you command six entire armies and over two million men, the largest land force under one commander in history. Unity of Command is a strategy video game and chess with panzer divisions all in one. It's challenging, frustrating, addicting, but most of all, it's fun. I highly recommend it!!"
76561197972462277,Not Recommended,218090,26224043,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,chriskessel,"I've played most of the first campaign (finished 11 of 13 battles). It's just not a lot of fun though.- Crushing time limits. You have to push, push, push every turn. There's no measure advance possible in any of the scenarios. No time to manuever troops in any real way to try and take advantage of a speed or terrain advantage.- Almost pointless reinforcement. The cost to add steps to a single unit chews up nearly your entire alotment. It's such a tiny drop in the bucket it serves almost no purpose.- Crushing randomness. I'll have a factor 2 advantage, preview says 1 loss for them 0 for me. Actual results, 1 for them 3 for me. This happens constantly. Some randomness is expected, but the deviations are incredibly severe.- Cutting off supply is great, but the time limits are so severe by the time you manage it there's barely enough turns left to matter."
,Recommended,218090,15369922,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,moserine,"I'm really enjoying this game currently. It's perfect for me because each map takes a little less than an hour, so I can still get some excellent strategy in a limited amount of time, or chain together several battles when there's more time. The game is like a tabletop wargame but with all the benefits that a computer can bring. The game isn't quite as random as another reviewer mentioned as long as you become very familiar with your units and their various strengths and weaknesses. Beyond pure armor versus infantry, you can add modifications to your units like recon, artillery, and motorized. With the right combination of units, good planning, and just a tiny bit of luck, it's definitely possible to score brilliant victories (which are very satisfying, as the time limits are very tight and totally unforgiving).The historical accuracy of the game is excellent, and is strictly adhered too--it's a game that's more about the strategy of a specific battle than a 'map painting' game like EU4. The game is also not about logistics, which is enjoyable in this context. Someday, a WWII game may come along that makes logistics enjoyable and also can do battlefield strategy, but until then, I'll play CIV when I want to build a giant army and then be bored for two hours while the computer fails to execute the most basic defense, and I'll play this game when I want a tactical challenge."
76561198055267142,Recommended,218090,14666228,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,CHMarlow,"Love this game. I've played through each of the campaigns at least twice and still get the urge to go back and have another go. Easy to learn, hard to master is a bit of a cliche but it is certainly true for this game, which is a breeze to get into but rewards experienced players for months afterwards."
,Recommended,218090,7768791,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Highcastle,"I've played nearly every WW2 strategy game there is, from the classic (Panzer General) to the endlessly complex (Hearts of Iron), and I can safely say that Unity of Command finds a niche as a fun, accessible strategy game focused on the 1942-43 Campaign on the Eastern Front. I like this game a lot.Unity of Command is simple to learn and fairly fast-paced. You can sit down and run a scenario in 10-15 minutes if you want. The graphics are simple, but they function well and everything is very smooth. It's very easy to keep track of individual units based on their veteran status and nationality.This is really a game about logistics and prioritizing targets. The absolute most important thing to do in every scenario is keep your supply lines open and, if possible, cut the enemy's. Everything else is secondary to that. The AI does not care about what might happen in the theoretical future; it will send suicidal attacks your way if it means cutting your supply for even one turn, because losing that turn means losing your chance at a brilliant or decisive victory. This can be frustrating, and I would often sit here and think ""What, really, all these soldiers are going to march to their deaths with absolutely no chance of survival? They just cut *themselves* off from supply too! Idiots!"" Yes. They will. Every time. The AI is doing what it's designed to do.My only gripes with the game are that several of the later scenarios are almost entirely dependent on luck to achieve a 'Brilliant' victory necessary to unlock certain scenarios. Granted, the historical probability of these scenarios is almost zero, but that shouldn't excuse forcing the player to execute a rote strategy again and again until the dice fall his way. Because each unit's strength is represented only by up to 7 (and usually 4-5) points, having the odds fall against you just slightly completely alters the timeline of your attacks. I don't mind having to replay a scenario multiple times and being forced to try new strategies - that's part of the genre, after all - but sometimes Unity of Command drags this out a bit too much. The replay value isn't great, but mastering the campaign and the DLC should take you no less than 12-15 hours, and the online function adds some value.All in all, a highly polished little strategy game."
76561197978338455,Recommended,218090,23175898,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,SzefKotłowni,Takes a while to get used to supply system but later on it is brilliant.
76561198009586772,Recommended,218090,31193290,Posted: 16 April,all,Moforkus,"Epic GameIn short if you like tactical/strategic thinking (without a time limit), where supply matters (cutting off the enemy weakens them, but they can do that to you as well), then you are in luck. This game provides some real depth to this genre, without getting so complex you can't play.recommend giving the manual a quick review, but otherwise, you can pick up and play and then just figure it out as you play. Oh and one other thing...the AI in this game is sneaky and devious. Leave a weakness in your front line? AI will exploit. Unit alone? enemy will focus and destroy it.This game punishes you for mistakes..but well if you lose in this game...you deserve it as it will be the result of an error you made. The only caveat to that is weather...it reduces your supply and such and can starve your army.I am kind of on the fence about this one game mechanic. it is a real pain in the butt to have my offensive stopped cold by random weather...that said it is still doable, just harder. However, this is in keeping with WW2 realism...one of the reasons the nazi's couldn't take russia was the weather, so it makes sense it has an impact in a historical game.Also, if you are anal about doing things perfectly, you can just reload your match if you get crappy weather and hope rngesus doesn't give you a blizzard at turn 5 again.Ultimatley, this game combines many different facets (realism, historical accuracy, rewards planning and strategic thinking etc, but more importantly, it is really fun.It is hard to get perfect on your runs, but it is doable, and even just doing the map in the maximum amount of turns will feel like an accomplishment. Just remember this game is like chess...think things through or your opponent (in this case the AI) will punish you."
76561197966940283,Recommended,218090,27383345,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blue Eagle,"This game is fantastic. One of the better strategy games ever made.It is a challenging and very rewarding game. There are no difficulty levels in this game. You can choose whether you want to go for Brilliant Victory withouth spending on reinforcements or not. You can always come back and try a different approach, maybe with reinforcements just for fun. Weather is randomized and dice roll is involved so scenarios will play out differently every time. This makes the game fun and not predictable, unless you are going for Brilliant Victory.Then there is the multiplayer against these four star generals around the globle :) Hit me up with a game, I'll most likely do it.Yes, so the supply system is basically what makes this game so good when it comes to other strategy games. It by far is one of the best game mechanic implemented in to the strategy games ever. Supply is everything in this game, your breakthroughs, your chances to win come from supply. AI will swiftly punish you for your mistakes and cut off your supply, some times even too eagerly by committing too much instead of retreating. This will make some scenarios look kind of silly but I love the fact that my mistakes will be punished in this game more than anything else.I love the way this game looks, 2D art is absolutely stellar. Love the sound desing and even though music is just three tracks ""short"", I find them to create the athmosphere this game needs. Music is awesome and if that is not enough you can easily play something from youtube or whatever.I highly recommend this game, in my opinion this is one of those very special games."
76561198018037690,Recommended,218090,10846691,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,fox,"So, Unity of command. it's famous Eastern Front. It's supply lines. It's subtle AI that will make you swear in chinese. It's Schwerpunkt all the way to Moscow. It's retaking Stalingrad. It's challenge. it's more challenging than most of the Wargames you will find around. Impressively deep. Do yourself a favour and spend an entire night trying to take Moscow."
76561198069036111,Recommended,218090,22244712,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,dittonmh,"I probably have all or nearly all the war games about WWII since Avalon Hill board game days.  No computers then.  This is a deceptively simple yet elegant game, especially when you add the black and red add ons.  As advertised this is an operational level wargame with no economy or technology features.  This is relatively fast paced but pay attention to supply and weather.  Overall, I was pleasantly surprised with the game especially considering the low cost.  Just when you thought combat simulations about the Russian Front were exhausted along comes a game like this.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,218090,13604557,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Prison Mike,"Awesome wargame. Well worth the purchase. The DLC's actually add substantial content to the game in the form of many extra scenarios and unit types, so i can recommend them aswell. Get it while it's super cheap in the Christmas sales and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,218090,31998755,Posted: 27 May,all,BrotherLewis,Works under Trisquel Linux
76561198134075710,Recommended,218090,17758519,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ukgamer101,"I play all sorts of strategy games including the likes of Operational Art of War 3.Absolutely love this game, its simple to play yet not easy to master.AI is actually quite good and the scenarios present real challenges.The icing on the cake was finding the extra scenarios here.http://unityofcommand.net/cs/Some of which are very very good.If you like wargames this is a must - especially for the sale price."
,Recommended,218090,15865692,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Friedrich der Große,i wont regret myself for buying this game-the  AI are great they will @@@@@ you up if you are even foolish enough to make a tiny hole on your defense- realistic supply systemi wish there  is  future sequel maybe western front
76561198006924536,Not Recommended,218090,33183030,Posted: 3 July,all,東京式東京式東京式,This game is so bad. I love wargames and I have been playing many of them since Steel panthers and panzer general so it is not that I dont understand the style. The problem with this game is the gameplay that is absolutely atrocious and unrealistic. The game wants to be more realistic than a beer and bretzel wargame like Panzercorps and easier to play than the more complex wargames like Gary Grisby war in the east. It ends up having the flaws of both while retaining none of the good stuff.Contrary to panzer general it is not untertaining to play and you really lack the immersion of picking and nurturing units that you will keep through the game. Contrary to war in the east the game doesnt feel realistic. You'll never be able to break the front with a unit and you cannot attck from multiples hexes at the same time. As a consequence you have to danse your units around in a very stupid fashion while trying to put them back where a former unit was to keep the cohesion of the front.It is a game about supply and you need to make sure that your front line is water tight. As a consequence it feels like WWI much more than WWII.I paid this game 4 EUR and that is even too much !!!
76561198028419673,Recommended,218090,20770925,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,SuperS1th,"One of the most addictive games I've played in a while. Not too complicated to get into and enjoy. The real challenge comes from trying to work to a ""brilliant victory"" by capturing each objective within the alloted time.Random weather conditions affect supply lines and movement distance. It's a nice mechanic that offers variation each time a map is played - but it can be frustrating when you've spent the past hour trying to capture Moscow in time and your reinforcements get bogged down in mud. AI reflects the strategy of the time, and is pretty ruthless when you leave supply lines unguarded.Well worth buying, plenty of replay value."
76561197972918676,Recommended,218090,18965699,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,USGrant,"Great operational wargame, but a little puzzle-like in implementation."
,Recommended,218090,8291992,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sartor Resartus,"Proper wargames are rare to find on Steam. UoC is a fairly traditional, hex-based, operational-level game. It stays true to its gaming roots while bringing a level of polish and approachability that is necessary to appeal to less intense players. In addition to being a solid wargame that is already benefiting from great DLC, this could easily serve as a sufficient ""gateway"" for people to jump into more complex titles like The Operational Art of War series or even, if one desires to punish oneself, War in the East. Undoubtedly worth the price. Hope to see more from this studio - and sooner rather than later."
76561198073974548,Recommended,218090,6744689,"Posted: 11 November, 2012",all,pjh966,"Quick to learn but detailed enough to suck me in. I am an old school board/micro war gamer and think this is a great way to use a computer to increase the playability of this type of board game.Like other reviewers have commented on, I do not have the time available that I had when I was a kid doing this at High School so I appreciate the chance to get a ‘quickie’ in when I can ;)"
,Recommended,218090,27602843,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,🍕 ᴢᴀᴄʜᴡᴀᴠᴇ♬,"The best puzzle/war strategy out there. Easy to use, really fun and lots of scenarios to play."
,Recommended,218090,28615593,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Gaius Canius,"An outstanding game. My number one recommendation is to try the demo - that way you'll see if the gameplay is for you. After that you'll probably wonder if it is worth the money - I mean, some scenarios only consist of 6 turns! Well, those 6 turns will take you half an hour, and you'll probably fail, and have to try again and again!"
76561197970138936,Recommended,218090,34484472,Posted: 25 August,all,Jason9mm,"This is a good one.Things are streamlined really nicely, so playing is simple and quick. Mostly you just move your units and pick attack targets, so it's good the UI is really fluid.One of the biggest highlights is how supply is implemented. Supply routes are a priority, with units cut off from supply becoming basically helpless within three turns. This by itself generates very good gameplay mechanics, and also happens to jive pretty nicely with historic accuracy as far as I'm concerned. Due to how supply works you very naturally get fronts, breaches of fronts, encircled pockets, and exciting deep strikes with armored or motorized divisions (especially when you have some air supply, like German side often does).The enemy AI is entertaining to play against. It puts up a good fight, but doesn't put together too creative and surprising plans.I understand how some players don't appreciate the almost puzzle like aspects, which are sometimes apparent. This is due to the somewhat strict turn limits most battles have. You need to be really efficient most of the time, which sometimes involves things like figuring out the optimal order of rotating your units to grind down a strong defending unit.  I don't mind this however, and the turn limits keep the battles manageably short (about an hour per battle at max, so it's fine if and when you may need to retry the tougher ones a handful of times).Overall Unity of Command is a bit like the next step towards ""heavy"" or ""real"" strategy game from Advance Wars titles. It's  basically as fluid to play, but the supply system is more pronounced and things are obviously more realistic.Hands down a 8/10 game. And there's no abundance of titles like this in Steam!"
,Recommended,218090,34018035,Posted: 4 August,all,DAYVANUKE,"Good game, interesting focus on the conflict and historical aspect of the battle.The save system (like many have pointed out) is kinda bad since it doesn't allow manual saves which means doing the same thing a few times if you didn't finish last time. Sometimes the game gets a bit too complex and takes some time to figure out."
76561197964584239,Recommended,218090,8062081,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Word,"How did I begin to enjoy a wargame set in World War 2 again? It's simple - this game is that good. Extraordinarily easy to get into but fiendishly hard to get good results. You don't even have to like wargames to enjoy this, but it's a bonus. Get it on sale, or now, preferably."
76561198355032155,Recommended,218090,29388813,Posted: 20 January,all,GSHS_team5,The best part of this game is the need to accept losses and to be patient to manipulate your forces to their best advantage.
,Recommended,218090,18316114,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,BlossoM,"Possibly one of the best strategy games that I have ever played. The entire trilogy is worth the money, thought the Stalingrad Campaign is the best one.  Excellent job by the developers; keep it up!"
76561198033122746,Not Recommended,218090,32326213,Posted: 10 June,all,the evil one,its not a bad game in general but no manual saves is always a turn offyou dont always have time to do complete missions in one go or even want totbh your way better of getting order of battle or panzer corps
76561198052135773,Recommended,218090,5571709,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Fellini,Neither easy fare nor eye-candy.Delicious nontheless.
76561198027719907,Recommended,218090,8580992,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,irmopotus,This game strikes a nice balance that will satisfy the hardcore armchair general but not overwhelm the casual strategy gamer.  It does this by not inundating the player with multiple complex tasks per each turn instead focusing on battlefield strategy.  This game is very similar to the acclaimed Panzer General series that was produced by SSI in the 90s.
,Recommended,218090,373154,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,GenBanks,"Unity of Command is a fantastic game which deserves more publicity. It's polished and quite easy to learn, but with lots of depth. The supply system is probably the defining game mechanic: you advance and take territory but if the enemy manages to surround you or cut off road/rail links those advancing units will eventually be stopped in their tracks. The thrill of breaking through the enemy's lines and strangling superior forces this way will keep you playing for hours. The AI does a really good job of exploiting weaknesses and adjusting to your tactics, so the experience doesn't get old. If you've ever enjoyed a turn based strategy game, get this!"
76561197972507604,Recommended,218090,27392445,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cmudd02,One of the easiest and best war games available on steam.
,Recommended,218090,8045160,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,CyberPrime,Like WWII? Like the Eastern front? Buy this game with all the DLC.
76561198056324539,Recommended,218090,19163417,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,jimbeaux2,I was able to get this on sale.  I enjoy it very much and seems to run smoothly.
,Recommended,218090,14197289,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,petercrab,Challenging but fun game covering operational level eastern front. Very recommended.
76561198046533401,Recommended,218090,14346539,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,primoaurelius,"Deep but accessable; strategic but simple. a great strategy game depicting battles between the germans and soviets in a board game style. the hotseat is particularly fun, and it is very easy to get friends that might not be into these types of games, to play with you, because its not over complicated. even with this increased accessability, it has a lot of features that hardcore wargamers will enjoy. the AI is top notch, and reacts dynamically to your actions. you can not just stupidly run your units into a death trap and expect to ram them through with sear force, you will probably die. instead, its better to pick specific units to attack at certain places, with others move ahead and fill in gaps. also, both sides have their strengths and weaknesses. the game is very well put together, and it has a lot of different scenarios for you to choose from, especially if you make the decision to purchase the DLC packs. bottom line, i highly recommend this game. its got a great single player AI, and the accessability of the game makes it wonderful to bring in newbies to play with. its almost like a wargame chess. easy to learn, hard to master, and certain pieces fill certain roles."
76561198047260054,Recommended,218090,16774539,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,von Hötzendorf,Solid game. Heavily based on supply and lines of attack. Biggest drawback is that there isnt really a tangible reason to shoot for a major victory until the end of the game when you realize you havent saved up enough prestige to win.
76561197971235635,Recommended,218090,20738461,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Snowbart,I love this game!!!  Great balance between having enough historical detaills without making it too hard on you to play or learn.
76561198143088795,Recommended,218090,22661632,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,vios11,Awesome game. Very realistic. Realistic supply mechanism. Also very hard. 10/10
76561198056501771,Recommended,218090,29217793,Posted: 12 January,all,Jean-Hugues,Unity of Command is an innovative and refreshing operational-level wargame that covers the entire 1942/43 Stalingrad Campaign on the Eastern Front.
76561198001248160,Recommended,218090,15085098,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Toppins,"I typically enjoy much more detailed wargames like Steel Panthers, but UoC has me hooked thanks to its near-perfect distillation of wargaming to something that is easily approachable, yet extremely rewarding for even the most grognardy of grognards."
,Recommended,218090,18131228,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Señor_Pewtor,"Pros-Classic turn based wargame, with pleasing graphics, good sound assets easy to learn, hard to master!Highly reccomended for those that never tried old school hex-based, turn based strategy. Ai is agressive and will exploit any tiny oportunity.cons- Not enough missions (you kinda need the DLCs), your tokens are far too easy to get wiped (something the developers are working on anyway, for the sequel). Might lack the complexity grognards and hardcore veterans like and enjoy."
,Recommended,218090,17551156,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Second String General,"Absolutely one of my favorite games. It runs well, the AI seems adaptive and the DLCs just open it up. I would recommend it for any strategy gamer that likes the Eastern Front."
76561198018604033,Recommended,218090,18271164,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Cuddles McDeath,"Interesting wargame on the light end of the complexity spectrum.  One of the better AI's that I've seen in a wargame.  If you can get it on sale, then go for it.  So far I'm having fun with it."
76561198136238543,Recommended,218090,18301296,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Philadelphia Collins,"Great little turn based wargame in the spirit of the old Panzer General.Campaigns are pretty challenging, the AI is very aggressive and will make you pay for sloppy mistakes.Also very happy that this is also available for OSX."
,Recommended,218090,7929821,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Overcooked Pineapple,"If you wanted a game like Civ then this isn't it. This game is more along the lines of Panzer General with mission/scenarios with in an area. It's no rip off by any means though. It has it's own art design and an intersting logistics system in place. Other then that it's your traditional hex based strategy game. I've put in a couple of hours and thoroughly enjoyed it. The only other thing about the game, is get it on sale. It's an excellent game but not worth full price in my opinion."
,Recommended,218090,23016361,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,King_Potato,Its a one of a kind strategy game with very comples ai and is very challenging it is one of the underrated strategy games.
,Recommended,218090,12477105,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,King Kaloionos,"Unity of Command is a simplified strategic turn-based look into the eastern fronit during WW2 - similar in many ways to the classic Panzer General, while adding some fresh ideas of its own (such as the concept of supply, which enables increasingly realistic maneuverig in the spirit of the historical blitzkrieg. Having said that, the game also suffers somewhat from oversimplification, repetitiveness and rigidity. When considering buying the game, consider:Pros:-Easy to get into, yet challenging enough to try and master-Some tactical planning and thinking required, luck and chance is involved so there is some variety in gameplay.-Quite immersive, the total seems more than the sum of its parts.Cons:-The AI seems quite simple: you make a certain set of moves and it always reacts similarly.-Unrealistic winning objectives - sacrifice your army simply to gain possession of a few winning hexes for one turn and you suddenly have ""won""?-No air units available-Only scenarios where offensive is to be taken (AI lacks the ability to launch a coherent offensive?) - some defensive scenarios would be welcome-""Brilliant victories"" often depend on chance (e.g., chancing in-game weather), yet proceeding in the campaign in some cases requires such victories - the game therefore makes you grind several scenarios over and over again.-The scenarios always start the same - some alterate starting positions would be welcome for variety.-After you win the campaign, there's a smiple ""Campaign completed"" message and nothing else - really?-Music can get repetitive and the graphics are not the selling point of the game.Overall, I tend to recommend the game for people interested in the topic and looking for some easy-to-get-into strategy gaming - not at the level of Metacritic (average 84/100), but rather at the level of the user reviews (7.2/10).In other words, it's quite ok."
76561198009619512,Recommended,218090,10763116,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[RTRS] wijse,"This is an awesome operational level puzzle ""wargame"". This game will punish you if you do not think every move through and plan your strategy. I can highly recommend this game for people who like challenges."
,Recommended,218090,7858592,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,wyattsalazar,"Unity of Command is a hex-based, turn-based strategy wargame based on the Eastern Front of WW2. The base game features the Stalingrad campaign, where the Red Army's fortunes turned and the Axis finally got what was coming. The Red Turn DLC features Kursk and other scenarios. Unlike most strategy wargames, Unity of Command is very accessible, with a clear interface and wonderful unit icons and map. It is easy to pick up and hard to master, with a very challenging AI that will exploit your mistakes and take its own initiative to foil your plans. It is tough and aggressive, and you'll hardly feel a need to find a human opponent. Unlike most wargames, it has a tutorial and introduction that smooth you into the game (you can find them under the Scenarios tab). This game is part of the Autumn sale and I strongly recommend it. $8.94 for it and the excellent DLC is a bargain. Wargames this balanced in terms of challenge, accessibility and fun gameplay just don't exist! Go get it!"
76561198006041839,Recommended,218090,18844320,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Ra1m0,"Simple, yet hard enough to keep you interested."
76561198021015861,Recommended,218090,29026125,Posted: 4 January,all,BlackKite,"It's alright, but more of a sort of puzzle game than a real strategy game and it HEAVILY relies on random chance. I've had fast wins because a couple of my units got repeatedly hammered without retreating and long grinds because a good plan was foiled by a 'veteran' panzer unit retreating from minor damage. It's more often than it should be up to how much the game decides to randomly gift you or screw you over, not whether or not you do something clever.Air strike damage, damage attacking units recieve/dish out, whether or not retreats/overruns occur or even whether or not damaged units are killed or not (there's 'suppressed' where part of a units strength is temporary removed and 'KIA' where that strength is just wiped out) is all random. I get this is likely meant to represent the general randomness of battle and the impossibility of a commander accuractely predicting all results but at the same time the game goes entirely against that, showing you the strength, addons and statuses of all friendly and enemy units on the entire map at all times. Like some 'strategy' games the RNG is basically there to pad things out and mask a lack of real depth to the gameplay (hey, Darkest Dungeon), rather than offering interesting variation within gameplay already featuring a wide variety of options (hey, XCOM:EU, also in that and similar games there are ways to force certain outcomes, such as guaranteed damage abilities).At least in the main two campaigns there's only one real gamemode, 'capture these things within X amount of turns' and the only bonus objectives are doing that within a stricter amount of turns. Objective defence or target assassination scenarios for instance would've been fairly easy to implement and could've been great additions. Some proper side objectives, even just stuff like 'win without using air support' or 'destroy all enemy armour' would've been great too and added some more replayability.The main good parts are that it's well presented with a good looking map and well functioning UI, it's easy to get into (though that's largely because of the lack of depth) and relatively cheap. This review is overall a positive one because it ultimately suits its cost (especially considering what shallow crap can come with a $60+ price tag these days).If they'd gone for way more depth, more units, more abilities, more objectives and more meaningful decisions with less random outcomes rather than hiding what is honestly pretty simple gameplay under tons of RNG then it would've been a great game rather than just a good one."
76561198068898321,Recommended,218090,31852053,Posted: 19 May,all,jarballo490,Very difficult turn based war game. Rather than buidling a base you start with a set number of units and must use them in the best possible way. Some randomization and a decent ai makes it more than just a number cruncher
76561198287618671,Recommended,218090,31969146,Posted: 26 May,all,nikoladsp,"First of all, I think game is excellent. It is not easy for sure, but very rewarding once you get into it. Too bad that there is no more missions and campaigns. I would recommend watching YT, especially videos from ExperiencePoints(https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH2LMrhcEtlI2glcqDFKPBA). Manual is also great asset. It just can't become boring. Great job!"
76561198050712099,Recommended,218090,34424247,Posted: 22 August,all,reginald.allouchery,Brilliant game.  Catnip for tactics lovers.
76561198065745097,Recommended,218090,35208614,Posted: 25 September,all,picnik,"Very good game with excelent repeat-plaiyng. I game is simple, ale hard core strategy for every players what was like WWII"
76561198142482886,Recommended,218090,24032825,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,marja-e,"Fascinating exploration of WW2 operations.I particularly enjoy the ""Red Turn"" expansion and the community scenarios. It has an easy-to-learn system, although players will have to learn how to use artillery assets. It doesn't have hidden forces, or supply shortages. I would like to see a western front expansion, and maybe a Chinese front or Burmese front expansion.On some of the larger maps, during the computer's turn, the map may quickly zip back and forth to show the computer's actions. I have sensory processing issues, so rapid scrolling can give me headaches. I do something else during the computer's turn and return for my own turn, so this game's scrolling doesn't usually give me headaches."
76561197998442796,Recommended,218090,26338858,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Snail Snot,"+Brilliant AI+Perfect balance between simulation and playability+Takes logistics seriously. Good games are about tactics, great games are about logistics.+Actually looks good, very rare in this genre+Powerful and easy-to-use editor, though sadly there's no way to change the geographyI'm looking forward to the sequel, hope it will take me to interesting new places, or have an editor that lets me make them."
76561198070861549,Recommended,218090,32961312,Posted: 28 June,all,Sonicus83,"Easy to learn, but hard to master."
,Recommended,218090,28077732,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Alcibiades,"An excellent and easy to grasp strategy game, with immense depth. Eagerly awaiting the sequel."
,Recommended,218090,13141969,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Lurdaw,Great game! A realistic strategy game even better than Panzer General.
76561198118037298,Recommended,218090,13155165,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Grenadier,A fun something diffrent to play kinda game its worth every penny but it is hard if your not used to these kinda games.
76561198072825159,Recommended,218090,13540827,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MICHAELASSBENDER,This game taught me that Russian troops don't like bridges. I am now a history teacher at Harvard. Thank you Unity of command.
,Recommended,218090,13568032,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,stig atle,"This is the wargame I've been looking for, and I've tried a few of them.I really like everything about it, easy to get into, nice fast graphics, great gameplay.If you know how to play RISK then you know how to play this."
76561197960857908,Recommended,218090,13596506,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,-=TFC=-arcusMae,"A great game that honestly feels more like solving a puzzle than a WWII strategy game.  Recommended for anyone interested in puzzles, strategy, or war board games."
,Recommended,218090,13771399,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,brewmaster44,Its an alright game. Only thing I am not crazy about is being rushed. Its turn base but you still have a limited amount of turns to make your goal. And the time is really limited trust me. At times your running free and clear and still end up 1 turn short of the city
,Recommended,218090,13865461,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,_fragus,"At first I hated this game and thought that it was random and joyless. But it was quite addicting, and after about 10 hours of joyless grind, something clicked! I fell in love with it! This isn't a regular strategy game, but rather, a game of military chess. You'll have to worry about supply lines and rear-attacks, encirclement and weather. The AI is really good and won't back down without a prolonged fight. The most important thing is that this game is replayable and deep."
76561198130727834,Recommended,218090,13977715,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,timjake78,"UPDATE:  After 210 hours, I finally completed all the campaigns. I can't believe it requires a Brilliant Victory to advance in some of the scenarios.---After over 100 hrs of play, I finally completed an entire campaign (Russia 1943 - 1945).  As many others have said, this is a very difficult game due to the time constraints in the scenarios and having to hit specific marks to unlock remaining scenarios.  I still haven't gotten more than four scenarios into the German Stalingrad campaign before being brought to a halt.The AI is unforgiving in most situations, but will leap at the chance to capture one of your supply sources.  I've used that to let the AI grab a supply source with its most capable units, then swung around behind and trapped it there while the rest of my forces go for the objectives.I'm also not thrilled with German units sitting in cities, completely surrounded, out of supply until all steps are suppressed and they can still repulse attacks from all six sides.  Very frustrating.Still, I continue to play and see if I can beat some of the scenarios I've never succeeded at."
76561197976715825,Recommended,218090,13988089,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,peterslaing,"I've never come across a strategy game which featured AI quite so capable of inflicting a  sudden defeat when that hard-fought-for victory seemed in the bag. Just now, for example, an elite German motorised unit made an audacious and successful bid to recapture an objective with the result that I ran out of time to win the scenario.It is this emphasis on protecting supply lines as well as captured objectives  that makes Unity of  Command a unique, tense and thoroughly enjoyable experience. It is essential to understand the mechanics behind this to have any chance of succeeding. In particular, defending railway lines through your territory is crucial to keeping combat units in fighting condition at the front line. Even then, most of the scenarios are carefully balanced to give you just enough turns and units to win.The only significant weakness is the structure of the campaign itself. Units are not carried over and the scenarios themselves feel a little disjointed. The campaigning element is represented in terms of ""prestige points"" which are earned for capturing objectives within a certain number of turns. These prestige points can be used in subsequent scenarios to purchase additional units. Individual scenarios can be played and, although I haven't properly tried it out yet, the scenario editor seems intuitive and powerful. I can't vouch for the two DLCs, and whether they bring anything new in terms of mechanics, because I haven't got round to playing them yet.Overall, this is an absorbing, challenging and refreshing take on turn-based wargaming and deserves a place in the collection of any strategy player interested in the period."
76561198039798712,Recommended,218090,14045844,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Axe99,"Unity of Command is a Panzer General-style game set on the Eastern Front during WW2.  The base game includes the Stalingrad campaign from both the Soviet and Axis perspective, but the DLC adds in Operation Barbarossa and the Soviet resurgence from 1943 to 1945.  The gameplay mechanics are simple but elegant, and the AI is solid but with a few quirks.  It's well worth a play for some relaxing, not-so-serious wargaming, but don't expect too much mechanical depth."
,Recommended,218090,14263076,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,State,"Feels like: Advance Wars, but hexagonal and with actual WWII German and Russian troops, supply lines and terrain. Brutal AI and an iron man-style campaign make it a very challenging game."
,Recommended,218090,14273773,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Waterloong,"If you have played Panzer General III before, you will like this game also."
,Recommended,218090,13319166,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Rattlesnake8,"If you are a fan of strategy games I highly recomment this one. It is a lot of fun and can be challenging to complete objectives within the specific amount of turns. Replaying missions allows you to try pushing through at different points which may lead to breaking through and encircling enemy forces and cutting them off from supplies, or could lead to you trying to charge forward with armor and mobile infantry to reach further into enemy territory. Just watch your supply lines. Air supply drops, air strikes etc can help offer up more variety in missions.The basics are easy to grasp and if you are new or curious about these types of games this is the perfect place to start. The games offers more than just basic movement, such as air strikes, entrenching troops to give them a defensive bonus etc.Stop reading this and go buy it!"
,Recommended,218090,12426580,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,matijapotisk,Great turn based strategy... Secially good for WW2 buffs (or histroy in general:)
,Recommended,218090,2810172,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,Nemesis 2002,"You should really start with the ""Red Turn"" DLC to get to know the game and only then play the original campaign, which will really kick your♥♥♥♥♥time and again before you manage to beat it! Simple, subtle tactical WW2 chess, that's what it is."
76561198021422988,Recommended,218090,8673562,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,StraitArrow,"I am an original alpha and beta tester for this game...this is a great turn/hex game for the Eastern Front...Im a bit of a East Front historian..and the great value in this game is the scenario editor...which allows anyone to create scenarios that can be played head to head or even hotseat at home with friends. Even more impressive and of supreme value..any user created scenario, once downloaded , can be modified and then played. This makes all players participants in scenario creation whether that be from a deep historical focus or a more casual game play experience...this is indeed a gem of a game."
76561198136665982,Recommended,218090,23878144,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,swhoosier,Unity of Command has great replay value - there is just the right mix of randomness in rolls to make it interesting while maintaining substantial reward for good stategy.
76561198065717581,Recommended,218090,16625994,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,dgmckenzie,Great wargame.
,Recommended,218090,11924632,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,melancholyjaques,"Excellent. While it is very quick to learn to play, there is also an impressive depth and detail to the game. My only negative is that I wish there were more battles to play, so maybe the Red Turn and Black Turn DLC would be a good investment."
,Recommended,218090,12215027,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Niemand303,"Easy and fun to play wargame of introductory level, though providing some depth and requiring to think quite a lot. AI acts a bit strange sometimes and some of the scenarios don't have enough details they should have, so 8/10"
76561197991666568,Recommended,218090,8500001,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Catwalk-0,"This game is very simple. Because it's basic board games. But, you have a difficulty to play to think strategically. I think there is no fancy production, but enjoy a long time."
76561198058899859,Recommended,218090,18744314,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Rollonleviking,"If you are a wargamer and don't already have this game, you're doing it wrong.Don't miss this game !"
76561198108507473,Recommended,218090,14581017,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,^CTD^ Chixxy,This game is so god dam hard! Any mistake you make at the start will throw your whole assault off and give you a hard time.10/10 Would re-place 2 keyborads and a mouse again!
,Recommended,218090,12915887,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Tyco,Not a bad game for the price tag.  Standard hex based game that I remember in my childhood playing on the PS1.  Though it is limited in the campaign there is the option to play user made maps.
76561198053295718,Recommended,218090,15318525,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,kaichun.lin,Good strategy game
76561198109462326,Recommended,218090,23314062,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,"Seriously, a POTATO!",Cool Game! Can't beat any campaign though.
76561198096693137,Recommended,218090,15858975,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Njordz,"Awesome game! Easy to learn, hard to win. Very recommend!"
,Recommended,218090,16061480,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Boydozo,"Unity of Command is a great game. It is presented in a straightforward and elegant way, making what could have been an incomprehensible mess into a very accessible wargame. However, do not mistake this for a lack of difficulty. The extremely crafty AI is very quick to put this idea to bed. Attempting to reproduce the stunning encirclements that the Wehrmacht pulled off expertly throughout Operation Barbarossa often ends up in disaster when the AI exploits the holes left by your advancing troops to turn the tables and cut off your supply lines. If you want an easy game, then you are looking in the wrong place with Unity of Command.Speaking of supply lines, they are often the key to success or failure. Cutting off the supply lines to a strong enemy force can turn an impossible fight into an easy cleanup operation. Because there is such great risk involved, and it often goes pear shaped, the satisfaction that results in successfully pulling off a large scale encirclement is huge. It's what keeps me coming back to Unity of Command again and again, even though the AI continuously puts me in my place when I get careless or overconfident.For anyone with an interest in the eastern front during World War 2 and turn based strategy games, I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,218090,16480729,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,zhxb,"A caucious recommendation. This game has a lot potential and I hope the devs will bring out a sequel with some of the most annoying negative points (that where already covered in depth in other reviews) out of the way. Below is a list of negative pointsBut first I want to point out that all the rest is great - I like the style, the idea behind the combat system, the strategic and tactic behind it all, etc. Near everything else not mentioned fits. Also, if one wants a decent or even great WW2 turn-based strategy game one should support this however possible.tl;dr its hard mostly because of randomness in combination with the turn limit- missions where one can not progress the campaign with a regular victory -> when reaching set goals the game should progress, do not punish me for just being okay one mission :(- with the soviets I need to accumulate prestige to have a chance, but accumulating prestige is hard without prestige ... quite punishing- too much randomness in overrunning -> some mission rely on overrunning working ""unusual"" often for better victories- punishing turn limits, especially when having a bad turn without overruns the mission can be restarted (when being in the same situation later and doing the same stuff it can totally work out, this should not be)- first game I needed to constantly lean forward to see stuff on the big screen, introduce zoomlevels perhaps?"
76561198024233717,Recommended,218090,3527929,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Julbergh,Very good light strategy game.
76561197970754741,Recommended,218090,11437174,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Boone,"Absolutley fantastic operational strategy game.  Beautiful design, great, cerebral gameplay.  Reward this developer for their great work and buy this."
76561198103570607,Recommended,218090,17705190,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,chooseyourown91,"Unity of Command is a tough one. The game works very well. I particularly like the way that it visually represents the action that your seeing, with each of your unit's having pips showing their combat effectiveness. However, the turn limits per scenario are, frankly, brutally unrealistic. In many cases, the enemy would just gang themselves around 1 of my 5 objectives and literally make it impossible to do anything within the rest of the time frame. However, this is done to show the way in which the Russian front battles took place, as the German's frequently relied on the Blitzkrieg tactic to rapidly advance and crush their enemies, forcing the Russians to have to adapt and use similar techniques while countering. The game, I feel could have used either longer time limits, or no time limits, but replace these with much higher numbers of units, perhaps staggering them to arrive after a certain objective is met or a certain time limit expires. However, it's an enjoyable and interesting experience, and should definitely be looked at for fans of Risk type games."
,Recommended,218090,7831625,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Barca,"Very fun, turn based WW2 strategy game. It's relaxing, engaging, and could almost be compared to a WW2 Battle for Wesnoth. What I love about it, is it is all about holding lines, keeping supplies open, and breaking through your opponent's line as well, all the time pushing to an objective. You can call in airstrike, reinforcements, and additional supply. Campaign has been very fun. I like this game quite a bit."
76561198006602057,Recommended,218090,8700000,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,simyj,Great retro strategy
76561197972362717,Recommended,218090,575721,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Pauwwwww,Lots of fun!  Reminds me of Panzer General from back in the day! An Incredibly challenging game and a very rewarding experience. The AI can be brutal.  Every move can make or break your battle so make it count.
76561198046111115,Recommended,218090,8985822,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,DACopperhead,"Fantastic game, extreamly hard and yet easy to understand. the battles don't lose the war for you, Logistics is you biggest enemy. 9.5/10 fantastic game, WORTH EVERY PENNY!"
76561198015109928,Recommended,218090,12230146,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,raquave,"In terms of pure strategy, this game is as good as it gets.9.5-10Qraqy"
,Recommended,218090,4119232,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,Warrior,Wargames this fresh and friendly tend to inspire deep loyalty. 86/100
,Recommended,218090,8299989,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Gryffon-X,Decent enough game.  Far too short
,Recommended,218090,8020208,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Co2-UK,"Unity of Command is a fantastic turn-based wargame that features a simple interface with a deep gameplay system underneath. Easy to play, hard to master and extremely addictive!"
,Recommended,218090,1849968,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,Ellye,"A classic style wargame with a clean user interface and friendly approach that makes it really easy to pick up. Unlike many games of the genre, you'll spend your time actually trying to figure out the best strategies, instead of trying to figure out the game interface or rules.The AI is pretty good and quite unmerciful, making use of any player-made mistake, almost to the point of making each scenario feel a lot like a puzzle game."
,Recommended,218090,32155065,Posted: 3 June,all,Ohm,"Didn't play enough to make a great judgement, but the idea that it felt more like puzzle game than a strategy one is what turned me off."
76561197999437811,Recommended,218090,10095004,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Brigand,Nice old school turnbased strategy in a WOII setting
76561198038497739,Not Recommended,218090,11341559,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,vmz23,"Outcome based on luck alone. Sorry, not strategy, its gambling. I came here for WWII not craps."
,Not Recommended,218090,11942441,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,DarkMyth,"The game had potential, I liked the units, interaction, and alternate history option but the game suffers form lack of strategy in that there is only the one way to win their way.  No save option during scenarios so lose and start all over this can be a lot of time lost, lack of fun gameplay it just feels like a constant grind rather than playing a game, lack of decent tutorial and for as simple a game it is they could have added more options like more unit customizations and upgrades.  I don't recommend this game there are better WWII games out there."
76561198141691572,Recommended,218090,30595905,Posted: 18 March,all,dbecker311,"This is one of my first WWII strategy games, and I really enjoy it. I need to polish my playing abilities a bit, but other than overcomming getting defeated A LOT, you will start gaining the much needed experience."
76561197967978296,Recommended,218090,9094577,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,BLACKARACHNID,"The gameplay mechanics are really good.  Personally I found it a bit too limiting in that you have to play each level with whatever starting conditions (locations, units, etc.) that the designer chose for you.  It makes it more like a puzzle game than a strategy game.  But if you don't mind that sort of thing it's really quite good.  UI is really nice and clear as well so it's easy to figure out what's going on."
,Recommended,218090,27002033,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MarkoJager,"One of the best lightweight hex games in the industry, great mechanics and really fun."
76561198206308691,Recommended,218090,28548473,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Six Days in June,"Probably the best World War 2 involving the Eastern Front game out there. Great art style, and simple gameplay yet INTENSE strategy.I cant believe it took me so long to discover this masterpiece!"
76561198030915486,Recommended,218090,23930422,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,BourbonActually,"Beautifully simple and elegant and yet at the same time presents a real strategic challenge that'll have you coming back to it again and again to emulate Zuhkov, Hoth et al. One of the best games I've played in a long long while!"
76561198007313220,Recommended,218090,28108192,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,caroraim,"Classic! I have played virtually every ww2 strat out there and this is my favorite. Seems like a puzzle, but if you know much about the war in the east then you will understand the need for circleing and capturing objectives...that was actually the preferred way the forces operated in Russia. Weather is in, supply is in, brigade attatchments are in, air power is in, all the great operations are in...yet its all done more elequently than any other game! Perfection, but CLOSE THOSE GAPS IN YOUR LINES!"
76561197986775314,Recommended,218090,9574435,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Aluminum Elite Master,"Unity of Command is basically a much more accessible, combat-only version of the Hearts of Iron games by Paradox.Like old-school board-game war-games, Unity of Command works off of simple mathematical statistics within a turn-based framework on a hexagon-filled battlefield. The computer makes the random 'dice-rolls' for you, and streamlines the war-gaming experience. In addition, the computer also adds some very limited random elements - primarily semi-randomized weather effects which change movement rules and cover calculations.Each game is a particular strategic scenario on the Eastern Front of World War II: many are historical, while a few entail hypothetical operations. The campaign-mode is just a sequential playing-through of those scenarios, with only a slight change in that sometimes you have to win a scenario with a certain score to progress to the next one.Honestly, the campaign-mode is not very fleshed out, and I don't play it much at all.But individual scenarios are great. They range from 6-turn affairs with just 20 units on either side, to 18-turn massive battles with dozens and dozens of units to move around. And the scenarios can be played in single-player, in on-line multi, or in hot-seat multi modes, so if the (remarkably good) AI isn't quite enough, you can easily recruit a friend in your neighborhood to play against you.It's alot of fun, and I recommend getting the DLC packs (Red-Turn and Black-Turn) pretty much right away so that you have a good number of scenarios to play through. That said, there are also user-created scenarios on Steam Workshop, I believe, but they vary greatly in challenge and entertainment value."
76561197961317091,Recommended,218090,16626043,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jonno,Great WWII TBS hinging on controlling territory to keep your units in good supply and cutting off enemy supply.
76561198089899444,Not Recommended,218090,29013962,Posted: 4 January,all,Osric,"Unbelievably dull wargame. Scenarios or well researched but the game is a series of race against the clock missions where the enemy AI simply tries to block you getting a piece to the objective. Barely a wargame at all, very little in the way of strategy or depth simply a very basic board game with an illusiory ww2 overlay so you can pretend your piece is a tank. The rave reviews of this game are a mystery to me, it was abundantly clear how shallow this game was in about 5 minutes. I played for a further half an hour in the hope I ws missing somethng but no.If you've never played a wargame and you want an entry level game sort of in the genre you might enjoy this. Its crisp, easy to grasp and nicely done for what it is. If you actually want anything in the way of a battlefiled experience you're wasting your time here."
,Not Recommended,218090,22221763,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Exodus.,"Okay, so I will never recommend this game to anyone that expects an actual strategy game. This game is more or less a puzzle game. There are turn limits, making it feel like there is only one way to complete each scenario. Yes, I said scenario. There is no true campaign, it's a series of preset scenarios which you have to solve in a given time limit. Each unit starts in a set position on the map. This game should not be listed as a strategy game. It should be listed as a puzzle."
76561197999416881,Recommended,218090,1895363,"Posted: 11 December, 2012",all,Apocalypse,"Great title from a 2-man indy-dev team. This is a turn based strategy in the likes of Panzer Corps or Panzer General with a tad more emphasis on logistics. The scenarios/campaigns are extremely challenging, but still fun. It is completely worth the $20 to pick it up."
76561198007488522,Recommended,218090,9106402,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,safiwolt,simple and clever at the same time. excellent work!
76561198035304467,Recommended,218090,18705767,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,mammoth20,"I have about 30-40 play time if not more . I get this game out when I am stressed out do not want kill zombies ,play hurry up COH2  styl pf play or heavy gaming like War in the EAST . hest victhis is a hard game in it 's own way time wise you need to really move just right .to get the best/higest victory . but ware the AI wants your supplies if you stretch out to far ,there is no fog of war mode but oh well . get it on sale in the bundle do not expect multi million ub gamming company on this game . butexpect good  beer and preetzle play when your G/F -wife is at work"
,Not Recommended,218090,17463159,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Kitube,"While the game is great in basically everything it completely misses the mark on difficulty. I tried some campaigns maybe 20 times to only get to the third mission or so. Its ridiculously hard, time is always a problem, its not that perfect victory is incredibly hard, thats probably close to impossible, but just barely passing is often times very hard, having to restart the entire campaign a dozen times or so. This is marketed at the absolute hardcore fans of the genre, no room at all for anything but the best most dedicated of players."
76561198024645614,Not Recommended,218090,8587079,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Spinkter,"Decent game but not on the level of say Panzer General or Blitzkrieg.Graphics are good and the Unit descriptions are a nice touch but no player character medals or rankinggives the me the feeling of ""Whats the point?""Definately a Risk feel to the game based on dice roll combat unit resultsUnrealistic time frame on completing missions with the Excellent rating when weather a factor.I am neutral on this game but since we are Binary here I have to say No"
76561198018798014,Not Recommended,218090,25065023,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Militaristic September,"A brutally hard game in which you must complete objectives in a VERY short timespan.Now THIS is fine, testing your skill in strategy is a good thing, but every attack and defense you make with every unit is based on LUCK. You could either wipeout a unit with one attack, or they could delay your entire force by a single turn, and you NEED to complete things quickly if you wish to win.You can help increase your odds of success by using your stronger units and adding modifiers such as an anti-armor vehicle or even replenishing your units to a set amount of health, but in the end, it's all down to a dice roll on if you're going to win or not.Personally, I find this game to be naccaptably difficult due to simple random number generation that decides if your attacks/defenses win, or lose. If you want to try it out anyway, download the demo and see if it will sit well with you."
76561198286380078,Not Recommended,218090,31658715,Posted: 9 May,all,jojojay.martin,"i was misled into thinking that this would be a strategy game. it is not. it is a puzzle game; it is similar to chess puzzles that you would find in a magazine. the ai will mostly just sit and wait for you to try to get around them. the goal is to capture all of the enemy cities in a certain number of turns. however, becouse of random armor and combat that is somewhat chance-based, many times it will be just impossible to get the highest score.i think that if this where a strategy game, i might find it interesting. but it is not, and there is nothing in the description to inicate otherwise. therefore, i must vote it down."
76561198054130332,Recommended,218090,12241688,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,excelgene,Great game. If you like strategy then this is for you. Be patient it takes time to master.
76561197965370010,Recommended,218090,7985974,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Gunnyhighway,"I have played Unity of command for several years when it came out ditributed by Matrix.This an excellent game that will teach the value of encirclement and lines of communications, and support for Armies.The virtue of playing that game empower players to really experience and understand so much better what happened in WWII when it comes to Army support on the battlefield at a Division, Battalion, Regiment, and Brigade level."
,Recommended,218090,12220119,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,[12] Thaddæus,one can never have enoughEastern Front
76561198029488595,Recommended,218090,7921857,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,sonomahandyman,great game easy and challenging
76561198009329462,Recommended,218090,10656963,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Riparian,Nice game
,Recommended,218090,26528679,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,浅井 ラヴィニア Lavinia,So good I bought it twice.
,Recommended,218090,16900010,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Percy Prolapse Squid Licker,"i love this game, but it is just so difficult - anyone more experienced with strategy games would probably find it a breeze, but i find it a challenge just to get past level 3!Definitely recommend it to those after a challenge or anyone who likes turn based strategy games"
76561197989808597,Recommended,218090,17361198,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Mr. Bay,Very well made.
76561198035972387,Recommended,218090,17662834,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Andross,"This is a really hard game, but a walkthrough could probably beat it for you."
,Not Recommended,218090,14151028,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Akeris,"I honestly did not enjoy this gameI was expecting a fairly casual turn based strategy game where i could sit down with a cup of coffee and spent hours taking my enemies apart piece by piece, if like me thats what you want from a game, this is the wrong game.To start with the AI is pretty ruthless, while there are people out there that hark on about ""the good old days"" of hard games as stardard, these days an option of 'Easy - Normal - Hard' is just common common courtesy and aids in enjoyment of the game for a wider audience, additionally there are (pretty restricting) time limits place on all objectives, so you're just getting into the scenario and then it ends - and you've lost, frustrating. these things combine to mean there is only 1 strategy to complete each scenario and thats just boring, I personally wanted to play with history, not follow it precisely or be slapped the the wrist!So I cannot recommend this game, which is a shame, because I wanted to like it."
76561198024807750,Not Recommended,218090,14604524,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,slartarama,"Hmmm. The most frustrating game I have played in a long time.I play games to... oh I don't know, play games. Not to be frustrated because of some insane turn limit that causes me to lose a brilliant victory at the end of the last turn. I'm not worried about the brilliant victory because I want some trophy, but you can't get to certain missions unless you get certain levels fo victories. Also, first time through, you don't know that, so you have to start over the whole campaign if you want to replay a level.The Good:Pretty tough AI, makes the game challengingSounds are goodI enjoy turned base games, this one has some great ideas like encircling to cut supplies, etc.The Bad:Frustrating turn limits (time)If there's bad weather, start overConstantly replaying same scenarios to get right level of victory to unlock all levelsNo Easy - Medium - Hard optionYou have to start over the whole campaign if you want to replay a level.Why even have allies, they can't even harm the enemyI have enjpoyed playing it from time to time, but evey time I get immersed, I end up getting irritated and just quit."
76561197963852846,Not Recommended,218090,26123351,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Finger,More of a puzzle game disquised as a war game.
,Not Recommended,218090,21315013,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Reap,Very unique turn based strategy. I cant see many people liking it though as the combat is far removed from what we know and love. I personally think its worth taking a chance with these sort of games and I did enjoy it even though it was way too short but I couldnt ask people to play it unless they really like their TBS
,Not Recommended,218090,13673272,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,pittman789 (Not Dead),"It may be good and all, but this game can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play. You can take out the entire enemy army, and yet still lose because you're a tile or two away. This game just loves to stomp on your throat despite it already having shot you in the face."
,Recommended,218090,4190498,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,akYip,#now playing:)
76561197961147790,Recommended,218090,27563935,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,~[V]ader~,dfdfdfgdfgdfgdfg
,Recommended,218090,9333314,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,MrFabulous,"Deceptively Simple, Yet Complex In Nature, Love it."
,Not Recommended,218090,34320594,Posted: 17 August,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Tactical - Squad & MilitaryAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from LibraryTLDR: Straightforward turn based maneuvring on overland maps with surprisingly simple mechanics but ultimately a bland and dragged out experience.Tactical Wargame, hex grid, starting conditions of troops and set objectives based on chosen historical campaign. Keep your units together and manage their turns with efficiency to grind away at the AI and win. Turn based nature is a little slow and clunky with a lot of units to micromanage. I had this lumped in with the grand strategy because of the figurine represesentation for platoons and the highly zoomed out map and the lack of really any other visual assets. The menus and user interfaces are mostly usable instead of the overflow of information of grand strategy so I suppose the similarities are mostly cosmetic. Each unit is represented by health color dots when it runs out it dies."
76561198114102921,Recommended,218090,18363798,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,BoringBall,"First Playthrough:- starts first mission- rekts russians- starts second mission- gets rekt by russians- restarts- russians get rekt- starts third mission- gets rekt over, and over, and over (and over) by the russians420/69/360 would get rekted again"
76561197972614216,Not Recommended,218090,8515800,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,The McFkker,"Not recommended. It's got frustrating controls and very limited save functions.  Apparently, you have to meet several ""checkpoints"" in order to have your progress saved. This gets frustrating if you don't have enough time to finish a campaign.  Also, if you want to restarta  scenario within a campaign, no luck.  It restarts the whole campaign meaning you have to redo all the scenarios you've already finished.  Extremely frustrating. I don't know why they didn't add these features.Also, it's not that great as a strategy game.  The high point for me was the V for Victory series, wayback when.  This is a logistics focused game, but it doesn't really get that right either.  It has some weird calcuating rate where if one enemy unit advances several hexes behind your lines, it gets to disrupt your whole supply line.  This sounds reasonable at first, but think about it.  How can, say, a tank division get past several enemy controlled hexes and punch through without any suppliies of their own AND disrupt enemy supply lines?  It completely ignores spheres of influence. This game basically boils down to the hugely unrealistic strategy of luring your enemy away from their supply lines and then slowly grinding them down (hugely unrealistic) and not very satisfying.Not recommended."
,Recommended,218090,20993427,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,shikoku | neecore~♥,its k
76561198015380104,Not Recommended,218090,17719768,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Blitz_Kitten,"This is a puzzle game with a war theme, not a war game by any means. AI is brutal to the point of making it just not fun, you have to play perfectly and get really lucky just to scrape by."
76561197969033736,Recommended,218090,23564985,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,BernieWouldHaveWon,The good strategy♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,218090,13145805,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Hrothgan,"Meh.  The demo shined a different light on the game than the actual game.  Not truly impressed.  Panzer General it will never be, clearly."
,Not Recommended,218090,25676157,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,TrashMan,"Advertised as mac supported but is not. It may be related to the retina display I am using but in full screen mode the mouse y position is a few hundred pixels off. In windowed mode the mouse y position is about 20 pixels off. Additionally, the main menu sometimes fails to load. The application does not allow switching between desktops, minimizing, or closing the application by any other means then through the main menu (on mac). So when the main menu fails to load, a hard reboot is requied to get out of it.I think the mouse position issue can be fixed pretty easily. But I am not sure when they'l get around to fixing it so I'm requesting a refund. Once these issues are resolved I will consider purchasing the game again."
76561198037777519,Not Recommended,218090,20262562,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MrREDWING1994,I am a huge fan for turn based strategy games. A heard a lot of good things about this game and so when it went on sale for a 1$ including all the dlc i bought it. Game mechanics are good but I can't stand the randomness of the movement for the ai. At the same time the game limits the amount of turns you can use. Its stupid how I lose because my troops movement per turn isnt very far and the last objective to capture is far away. By the time i get there im out of turns and I lose despite my army still large and I could win in another 2 turns. There is no strategy except send your tank and armored car units in as fast as you can and hope they don't get blown up on there way there while your infantry sit in the back unused because they don't move far. DON'T BUY IT!
76561198087605469,Recommended,218090,23527759,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,stigoleberg,great game
76561197992171864,Not Recommended,218090,20864069,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Docsis,"ehhh.got bored with this very quickly.Good grief... that horrible sound effect it makes when each and every time each and every unit moves drives me crazy.Maybe I am missing something, but I can't figure out how this got such good ratings."
76561198011187317,Not Recommended,218090,17729440,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Ayupbrian,Simply the most boring game I have played.
76561198059637592,Not Recommended,218090,15265313,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Trevein,"""Easy to get in"" - definitely. Very simple, even too much for my taste. But not ""easy to play"". It's not a game you would find relaxing and digging into unit stats, enjoying them fighting the enemy and caring for each one. The game is a barebone operational level wargame. And on that level you are supposed to mercilessly spend your reserves to meet the Command demands in an extremely limited set of time. I suppose that's realistic - WW2 was all about OOB and time plans. But that's very uncomfortable. You feel as a Soviet commander who is going to be shot if he fails plans of advance.Another downside - the game is not so much a struggle against AI, as a logical puzzle. Spend your troops and overcome resistance in a set amount of time. Not much tactical thinking or gameplay.So, if you know you want that - buy the game. Otherwise - think twice."
,Not Recommended,218090,16760107,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ricky Baker,"I'm not used to many hex based games so perhaps it's just not my genre, but I didn't enjoy this game.Pros-I liked how mobile the tanks and motorized did feel, I felt like I could blitz behind the enemy and cut off their supply lines very satisfactorily.I liked being able to build and demolish bridges.The UI did feel polished and well made.I enjoyed the focus on mobility and logistics, since those were what won and lost theatres in WW2.Cons-The enemy AI nearly never attacked (even when they were in imminent danger of being encircled), and always had this annoying tendency to retreat exactly where the enemy front was weakest even when this involved it retreating in the wrong direction.I’d have it so that I believed I had a reasonable chance at taking an objective the next turn, and while trying to encircle the enemy any troops I had to mow down from behind the objective would willing retreat forwards into the pocket.  With this I’d lose my chance at taking an objective before it began losing prestige value. This seemed like a terrible oversight. Sure it’s a great tactic for the AI if it wants to deny you an objective, but the point of retreat is that it shouldn’t have any control over the unit anymore, the AI being able to treat it as an organized advance is nothing short of infuriating.Yeah the AI was tough, very tough, if that’s your thing then good for you. I’d have preferred a casual option though, or maybe one called realistic. For example in the Stalingrad campaign in Operation Uranus I thought the two day objective looked reasonable at first. Little did I know the entire 6th German army would completely evacuate Stalingrad to form a borg cube around two objectives denying me a victory at all. It felt like the enemy AI needed to have objectives of its own besides just denying me my objectives. For example it left cities that were non-objectives completely undefended.The predetermind locations of your units at the start of a scenario was a kick in the teeth as well.The time limit seemed like a cool idea until I played the game, and I understand that to add challenge to the attacker when you have a huge majority it's neccesary, but I feel like it could have been improved upon. I'd have prefered it to been a campaign feature rather than a feature in each individual scenario.Finally it had randomized attack features like overrun, which let a unit attack twice. I don’t play strategy games to have to worry about critical hits."
,Not Recommended,218090,17075068,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,maliorao,"If you are normal gamer you won't get far with this game.After 4 battles as Axis i finished game with 44% of the progress.Other minus for the game.Prestige points gives you better troops.I spent them in 1st battle and because normal wins I never earn them again.So, whats the point for better troops for those people how wins in Decisive and Briliant ways. It seems that they don't need better units.But, all of us - normal players - who really, really, really need better troops to win - we are handicaped.This developers logic is ... (use a bad word)!Hopefully i bought it for 75% discount so I'm soft in critics.Stvarno ste us.... motku!"
76561198028259289,Not Recommended,218090,17228618,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,"[6th,LA(A)] Pvt.NapoleonTotalWar","Error code 51... Love the game, but now its dosnt work. SORT IT OUT!"
76561198084146052,Not Recommended,218090,18212460,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Proud Kekistani,100% IMPOSSIBLE TO EVEN KILL ONE THING
,Not Recommended,218090,15683867,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Shenanigans,"I thought at first sight I would fall in love with this game and it hit all the boxes, turn based strategy, world war 2, nazis killing soviets, etc... but in the end all it turned out to be was a tight necked objective based game that forces you meets its requirements in a period of turns in which you do not have enough in order to complete. The game is too tough on general players, and pushing people away from the game itself, casuing them to get too upset or too aggreviated enjoy. If you want to waste $15 or so on a game, there are better ones out there, dont even bother with this game, its a waste of time, money and effort. 2/10."
76561197983131478,Not Recommended,218090,19393823,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,loki1944,Do yourself a favor and get Gary Grisby's War in the East. A real strategy game and not the angry birds tablet rendition of strategy gaming that this garbage is.
76561197977750515,Not Recommended,218090,13157174,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,GaRner,Some parts of this game are just stupidly hard. restarting levels 5 times is not a cool way of stretching out a game. it's cool and all and i get that germany did historically loose their offensive but it isn't very fun just struggeling against thousands of russians with your hundreds of men.
76561197969208192,Not Recommended,218090,12201734,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Katter$,"This game seems like a great idea, but I couldn't get into it. It is quite complex, and there isn't a lot of teaching to show you  good strategies."
,Recommended,218090,2228497,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,granderojo,People know what they do; frequently they know why they do what they do; but what they don't know is what what they do does.
76561198042830747,Not Recommended,218090,19821128,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,☭РККА☭,this is quet trashy game !! dont by it
,Not Recommended,218090,18623791,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Zinda,"A swallow Panzer General game. Artillery, tanks, etc. are just a special slot to the infantry division. so, meh.the supply lines's mechanics are really cool and innovative.maybe buy this game on sale, but do not expect much.afaik, the devs dumped this game to work on the sequel."
76561198085580379,Not Recommended,218090,16748859,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,stephen.jackson930,"It is quite a good game, if your content with positional movement toward strategy. It is by far not the worst game I have played, but can become a bit boring after a while. Sorry."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,218090,11949944,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,WHOOLEE,"Not what i was expecting.This is not your hardcore hex based wargamer.This is a arcadey click wargame, hardly any depth at all and no skill.It comes down to just attacking anything with anything.This game also contains a bad mechanic that is a timer, you know do this or that before turn6.If you want a complex tactical clever wargame this is not it.If you want a limited advanced wars set in ww2 then give it a go, but even advanced wars had more freedom."
,Not Recommended,218090,14388714,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sharky,I just dont like it...
,Recommended,218090,9336588,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,TheMotivatedGrapes,Working now and loving this game!
,Not Recommended,218090,10179843,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Rambovic,Buy Panzer Corps instead no wasted money...
76561198057450323,Not Recommended,218090,32593796,Posted: 20 June,all,ho888sg,Insane difficulty..Better off with COH or Total War series
76561198055288469,Not Recommended,218090,26166933,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,mouser010,"TO start, what a bunch of crap these good reviews are, wtf is this bunk♥♥♥♥♥game?So ive done 3 maps on a campaign and all of a sudden i cant do anything else. no message saying i didnt do or i did, just is done, wtf kind of ♥♥♥♥ is this? What a waste of money this game is!!STAY AWAYYou must play each map until you get it perfect before you goto the next map. yes thatsright, 5,10,20 times before you get it perfect. if you dont your limited to 3 maps out of 9+ because the next map doesnt open up unless you get a perfect score on the map prior. no saving at different intervals. no stopping one campaign and trying another without deleting each completed map youve done. what a crock of ♥♥♥♥ this game is.Every thing is random, the combat, everything is preset as for the units. and did i mention insanely hard?NOT WORTH YOUR TIME"
76561198099187028,Not Recommended,218090,34109019,Posted: 8 August,all,喵喵酱,"A really bad game.No tutorials or guides, simple and boring battles, even worse UI than mobile games.Waste 5 mins for adjust ratio."
76561198065488862,Recommended,218090,9828541,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,gibraltarsix,"Not as much fun as Panzer General or Panzercorps, but still interesting enough to play a quick game now and then. Good if you can get it cheap."
,Recommended,218090,9828884,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Ambivalent,"The king of the strategies(Hearts of Iron) is dead, long live the king!Sorry Enemy Unknown, you were great too but here we have an underrated gem which deserves some love.Main campaign is about Stalingrad Offensive of Germans and counter offensive of Soviets. DLC's consists of Red Turn(Which is ""Race to Berlin"") and Operation Barbarossa(1941 offensive of Germans)Only minus sides of the game are first you can't be defender side while playing against AI. Developers say AI has its limitations and ""think"" only one or two steps forward. Ai is awesome as defender anyway so i'm not sure if i can count this as ""minus"" side.Secondly maps has turn points, if you fail to deliver all at the end you fail. You get more prestige points for earlier capture. Sometimes in bigger maps(like Moscow) it makes one crazy to lose at the end because of ""turn limit"" but you can always restart the map *shrugs* But it is kinda historical if you think Germans' race against winter(which failed) but again it is not a nice feature but i don't mind.Except this everything, from AI to maps, from historical accuracy to gameplay, specific units(Romanian, SS, Italian, Hungarian divisions) to randomness(Such as weather change)... Everything is fine.9/10"
76561198119772635,Recommended,218090,9856159,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Mark,"A very enjoyable division-level wargame. All the scenarios are offensive-minded, where the player has to capture certain places by a certain turn in order to win prestige. One drawnback is that this game lacks a 'grand campaign'. Overall, though, it's a solid 8/10."
76561198008949073,Recommended,218090,9407590,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,ElKobold,Great game. It's somewhere between a light wargame and a puzzle.
,Recommended,218090,8215396,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Badgerspin,This game has something of an Axis and Allies: War at Sea feel to it. The strategy is more tactical than it is big picture. Campaigns are laid out decently for single player. Most certainly worthwhile if you enjoy board game style turn based strategy games.
,Recommended,218090,10178946,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Joku,If you love atleast somehow historically accurate games and like strategy games then this is a game for you! Basically you control divisions from armies and even some known ones too. Most are just named like ID 1 and along those lines. However I love the gameplay. It is also hex based.
,Recommended,218090,10095555,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Butcher_of_Bavaria,"Great game and very worthy of the price, especially with this weekly deal...it's a no brainer.... and the DLC's are very worth it as well."
76561198013058748,Recommended,218090,10190401,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Jouwar,"This is my go to game when waiting at an airport.  It requires no internet connection, doesn't need a mouse, and can easily be picked up and put down at a moments notice.  Beyond theconveinence, the surprising level of depth, replayability, and ruthlessly clever AI make this game a must-own for fans of turn-based strategy."
76561198002643987,Recommended,218090,9465699,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,ironbru pliskin,"An excellent, difficult strategy game. Expect to restart missions, but it's all worth it when you get the superior rating on a map."
76561198116907666,Recommended,218090,8610141,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,davor.erceg,"Great little game with hours and hours of gameplay. Different perspective than ""panzer General"" (logistics are EXTREMELY important but implemented unobtrusevly) - highly recommended!"
,Recommended,218090,117607,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,harry,GAME GOES HARD BUY IT
,Recommended,218090,9339966,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Wraithaz,Very interesting strategy game by a nice indie developer!
76561197988242508,Recommended,218090,8604674,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,IvanTzar,"Played for couple of evenings.After the start, game goes quite swiftly.Usual battle system (move and fight) have a bit of random outcomes, though some estimation is seen beforehand in info-screen.In addition of fighting or moreover most important thing in game is support-lines, for without support units starts to lose their strength in couple of turn. So support points are also the target of attacks alongside of main objects.Campaign seems to be a bit of try and error. You cant go on after failed battle, so there is little taste of repetition. I like myself kind of games like SPWAW, where you have to live with your errors in future.So far Really nice game after half of the Stalingrad capmaign."
76561198021687522,Recommended,218090,3376215,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,Zaert21,JUST PURE BRILLITANCE. this is an old school tbs wargame and i like it a lot. it's quick to learn and deep in statergy 9/10. takes up very little space and runs smootly. worth buying in a sale. it's pricetag is a bit vicous
76561197983276232,Recommended,218090,968129,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,RedSwirl,"A wargame for the layman, fans of Advance Wars shouldn't have too much trouble getting into Unity of Command."
76561197988204300,Recommended,218090,8701797,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Delfino,"I keep comparing this game to Panzer General, the real classic. Definately it's much simplier, but still realistic. You won't have your core units anymore, nor alternative history scenarios (you just have to keep winning). You can't also chose from different types of units - you only have infantry (may be mechanized), cavalry and tanks (although you can add specialized step to each like artilery, enginers or recon). There is no fog of war and the scenerios are much shorter (half an hour is usually enough). No navy and air support is very simple. Still I like the game for the way how supply routes are treated. This is a thing that Panzer General really suffered at. You had to supply your units sometimes, but rarely, so they didn't really feel bad in encirclement. Here it is different. Your units even after one turn of lack of supplies will suffer and after second turn they can't attack. After third turn they are so easy to kill. Therefore in you offensive you really aim at a blitzkrieg - fast advance and encirclement. This adds another dimension which PG lacked. I would really like to play PG with this system implemented, but would I still find time for that? I'd like to play this alternative histories with my core units again - this game lacks a lot of stuff compared to PG but still is extremely fun to play!Definately if you loved PG and don't have time for it's enormous scenarios anymore - this is a game for you. Highly recommended. If you have time - why not install original PG on dosbox instead? If you never tried PG and you like hexes then you will be probbably amazed with the game."
76561198007272391,Recommended,218090,8568146,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ClodiusPulcher,A real gem of a game
76561198001136868,Recommended,218090,8592885,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Wilfred Brimley DIKK,"Easy to learn, deep strategy.  If you're looking for a wargame it's a winner.   Very simple graphics so don't expect any flash.  Not really my thing but if you're into this sort of game it's good."
,Recommended,218090,8435131,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,leoleez,"Excellent TBS. This game is a challenge, managing supply and resources are intuitive and great. The bombing runs are pretty simple and lack some of the depth good tabletop has, but it does not detract. I am excited to see the rest of the expansions for this game and see where the developer will take it."
,Recommended,218090,8583683,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Elton Prester John,"For a game that doesn't have very high system requirements, this game looks and plays incredibly well. I like the fact it's a WWII game that doesn't focus on the U.S., and overall has a great atomosphere to it. The gameplay reminded me of Civ, minus the civilization portion, and if Civ solely focused on combat. I you're looking for a well made strategy game that is easy to learn, but challanging at the same time, this one's pretty damn worth it. Love the music too, good stuff."
76561198006268071,Recommended,218090,8026062,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Sharp_Penguin,One of the best Strat games I have played its addictive and frustrating all at the same time. The AI isn't predictable and Thanks 2X2 for supporting Linux all the way and keep up the good work :).
,Recommended,218090,7797352,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Valhuen,"Quite good and very accessible entry level turn-based strategy game, for anything more advanced, you would likely have check out the WWII titles by Matrix/Slitherine. Mechanics are simple to grasp, while giving a rewarding WWII Eastern Front experience. Game can be quite difficult at times, so the replayability factor is certainly there (trying multiple strategies in the same scenario). Solid ""B"" IMHO."
76561198022400496,Recommended,218090,3421216,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,kevvo1971,Simple to pick up but deep strategy game
,Recommended,218090,8199275,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Link,"Great game. It's challanging and will make you think, but it is easy to learn."
76561198028141588,Recommended,218090,11087295,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Soldier of Strong Badia,"Fun, easy to get into game. Like those board wargames without the tedious setup or having to interact with others!"
76561198006023304,Recommended,218090,2342108,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,DEY123,Great little strategy game.  Worth the buy if you are a fan of old table top avalon hill games (especially when it is on sale)
76561198119850320,Recommended,218090,11039885,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Secsboma,"The best turn-based wargame I have played in the last several years. Do not hesitate to put it into your library, it is worth every penny."
76561197967639753,Recommended,218090,10963059,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,<Kevlar_Voodoo>,"This is a great introductory game for those intimidated by traditional wargames.  Emphasis is on supply effects on the ground unit(s) effectiveness, but has nice touches like air support and bridge demolition.  Highly recommend that you pick it up on one of the Steam sales, so put it on your wish list."
,Recommended,218090,10212270,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Mahatma Gandhi,"I found the campaigns a bit short, but that shows I liked them.  Scenarios are interesting in that they encourage deep maneuver over attrition - they teach good lessons !"
,Recommended,218090,7023453,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,mokmeister,"For anyone interested in operational level strategy games, Unity of Command  is definitely worth a look. Turn based with a hex grid, it should appeal to traditional boardwargamers and strategy enthusiasts alike.It is very easy to play, and this is what makes me want to play it again and again. The game mechanics never get in the way of playing out your strategy. Once you understand that this is a game of supply, namely maintaining yours and denying your opponents, this is a fantastic game with plenty of scenarios and a great campaign to go along with it.I haven't tried multiplayer yet, I'm still battling it out against the AI, who is quite a clever opponent, enough so to maintain an interest. Even after multiple plays, it is difficult to get a decisive victory condition in the scenrios, never mind getting a brilliant victory, which requires a bit of luck as well as perfectly executed strategy.I come from a tradition of board war games from S&T, AH, West End Games, Decision Games"
76561198048023922,Recommended,218090,5330289,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,Eotorm,Very accessible yet deep wargame with clear interface and graphics. Excellent A.I.I recommand.
76561197970822500,Recommended,218090,24806861,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Steven,"The game is not easy, very challenging even from the beginning, which force you to think a lot. Unfortunately the AI is fixed in game, so you cannot choose the difficulty.Although it is a very classic hex war game (and surely you can expect how the game runs), but I still love the UI design a lot. But, for me, I think the game is more puzzle-like rather than grand strategy game."
76561198082168992,Not Recommended,218090,8016555,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Ilsken Gravling,"Don't be fooled, this is a puzzle game with a tacked on war theme.There are no historically recognisable strategies or tactics to develop, only a single solution per ""puzzle"". The predeterministic narrative encourages the player to tediously gaming the system by re-booting each scenario until he finally gets a successful attack that he can build upon.I would only recommend it to my enemies."
76561198021417927,Recommended,218090,24380773,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,71st_AH_J13Serenity,"Very unique and deep gameplay.You don’t just destroy enemy units and capture objectives.You need to concentrate your strongest platoons where enemy defense is weak, breakthrough, and rush forward with your armored and mechanized platoons trying to encircle the enemy leaving them without supplies and forcing them to retreat from fortified positions. And then either you get to lightly defended objective before enemy main force retreats and establish a new defense line, or the enemy will simply cut off your breach head units and force them to retreat.Campaign design is a bit frustrating: if you lose even one scenario you need to restart the whole campaign.Scenarios are more like a puzzle where you have very limited choice of actions and extremely limited amount of turns to capture all objectivesSome scenarios, especially ones with very few units participating, heavily randomized, where victory or defeat is 99% random."
76561198084869661,Recommended,218090,31848606,Posted: 19 May,all,Schütze,-)
76561198371618075,Recommended,218090,31669074,Posted: 10 May,all,Lennerox,"Its a very challenging game, Definitly keeps you interested throughout the match."
76561198119556186,Recommended,218090,34116534,Posted: 8 August,all,Sirkane62,"It's a puzzle game that sometimes says ""♥♥♥♥ you""Get it when it's on sale for -85% and it'll be worth it. It's pretty fun, just stupid expensive for what you're getting. Plus some of the mission tasks are physically impossible. So heheh ye"
,Recommended,218090,3895088,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,Fradiddle,"Fun. Not easy, but fun.  Well worth $19.99 - $9.99 (Black Friday pricing) is a steal!"
