user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198032123151,Recommended,218410,7779686,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,spec757,"I don’t like real time strategy or tower defense games, you can’t out click a computer and they usually cheat.  So it’s seem odd that I would even buy this game, let alone log 196 hours (wait, how many? I’m not even done with the Play+.)  What made the game appeal to me was the RPG element.  I like RPGs, it’s reassuring to know you can grind and level up to make up for your lack of skill and intelligence.The game offers 25 stages plus bonus levels that are all replayable (didn’t realize that’s not a real word) at not just different difficulties but also with a different mix of enemies.  There are only six characters (towers) but each has 10 or so skills which adds to the variety.  There are 19 enemies including repallets (figured that wasn’t a real word) and five bosses.The best part is the characters.  The dialogue and interaction is engrossing often hilarious.  The replay mode unlocks Azra’s diary with extra (also hilarious) insight to her background and the other characters (SPOILER ALERT!! Slak knows how to read and write.)In conclusion (that never gets old,) Defender’s Quest: title too long is a great mix of tower defense and RPG.  Most importantly, it’s fun.  If you had to pay all 15 bucks for this game, it’s worth it.  If it should happen to be on sale around Thanksgiving or Christmas (or whatever other holiday you celebrate on your fast track to hell) you’d be a fool not to buy it (unless you’ve got something better to do with 196 hours, like work.)"
,Recommended,218410,11194747,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,peremptor,"You start it up and notice the game doesn't rescale to your desktop native res and you feel like just passing it by but with all those great user reviews I stuck for a while... and the game itself is rock solid. Fun RPG/Tower mechanics with a lot of variation and the reward for succesful experimentation is goodies that enable to tackle even harder challenges.The story/characters in the game are fine and entretaining as well but it's the gameplay that will keep you enthused and enthralled and maybe even captivated till you fully master it. Even if you just beat it all on normal mode it's well worth its asking price.Pick it up and enjoy, easy to recommend even for non genre fans."
,Recommended,218410,32629257,Posted: 21 June,all,NBlast,"An art in making a RPG grind fun.Imagine the game where your typical RPG party become towers in the typical Tower Defense game and you have Defender's Quest in a nutshell. The game consists mostly of mowing down a conga line of various enemies that constantly move towards your main character as an end goal. Place your Knights, Berserkers, Druids and Ice Mages like buildings beside the highway and enjoy the fireworks, swords and arrows flowing. Recruit more units and upgrade them while spending experience points or buy them better equipment.While looking at the bare game, RPG and Tower Defense mechanics aren't that much complicated. There aren't that many character classes, statistics and different weapon types like in a classic RPG game and Tower Defense parts aren't that much complex either. It's quite a simple game in reality, but this doesn't deter me from stating the fact that the game can be very enjoyable when you get the right flow for it, which is quite important and enforced by one of the weirdest difficulty curves I have ever seen in gaming period.While attending the battle, you have a choice between several difficulty levels. You level up and get cash after the fight, but even playing on Normal, you will find yourself struggling with keeping up with the enemies. Eventually you will hit that unmovable roadblock which might be very frustrating if you don't know what to do.And what you should do?Every time you hit that unreachable challenge, go back to the previous missions and play them on higher difficulties. You will find your team extremely overpowered while gaining wind in the sails back again. At this point the game starts becoming a task of choosing the right battles, backtracking and creative grind, while still getting meaningful progress with it by obtaining unique equipment, experience and skill points. You will be constantly switching back and forth between story progress and grinding to stack up. Your team will meander between being very powerful and unable to advance in this endless circle until the end credits, and truth be told, this somehow ends up as a satisfying experience. Because of those constantly shifting roadblocks, you will often times witness your party taking on previously unimaginable tasks and it is very cathartic to experience those situations. Mowing down tons and tons of zombies that previously were relentlessly biting your back? Those moments drive straight home.While this system creates a game where experience grinding is fun, it isn’t without its flaws. This whole circle of  progress, backtracking and shifting difficulties is quite hard to notice and tune in to, making beginner’s experience quite frustrating. People are conditioned to stick to one difficulty for a singular playthrough of a game. Break from that habit may come only after a few “quits” that I personally experienced. It takes some time to get the right clue and to find the flow. There is also that problem of New Game+ which basically extends the whole cycle for “another round”. Unfortunately, staying ahead of the difficulty curve becomes a real challenge, resulting in more roadblocks than I would wish for, putting progress to a crawl. This can be mitigated a little bit by using the punishment-free experience gain modifiers in options menu, but it kinda feels like cheating to me.Liking everything so far? That’s very good, because the presentation sure wouldn’t win you over. Even after the Deluxe update, sprites don’t really look that good and story parts remind me of Newgrounds with its below-mediocre art and music. This is a big shame because the story itself isn’t half-bad and also fits the gameplay in the sense that it also likes to flip-flop between several states: theDeepest Loremode with the serious, classic fantasy shtick andAbsolutely Don’t Give a Damn About Conventionmode where interactions between characters are so hilarious that you can be sure that writers had some real fun writing those. In both modes the quality stays on a decently high level, so I cannot really complain on that department. Those humorous moments can feel a little out of place, but most jokes hit that sweet mark leaving a positive impression.Overall, I’m recommending Defender’s Quest. If you like building your little snowballs of death, constantly tripping out while climbing the mountain and getting even bigger snowball in the process, then I invite you to put some dosh to dev’s pocket. It is a curious little title which doesn’t like to be put in a single niche and those looking for something different yet familiar to their tastes will definitely appreciate that."
76561198012856512,Recommended,218410,23053039,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,cypherbreeze,"This poor game has been languishing in my library for ages without getting any attention from me beyond the intro, only to finally be given a proper playing yesterday evening. It's now 7 in the morning, and I've only just now turned it off because it is just that good. Honestly, when I first got it I had a set of other ""big budget AAA"" style games that I decided to play instead because they were basically ""shinier"" and supposedly great, but so far I'm having a lot more fun with this game now than those games then. I wasn't expecting much from a tower defense style game, but it actually has a story, humor, some challenging gameplay, and rpg elements (all the things I thought I would have found in those other titles). In short, I should have thrown out my preconceptions initially and just played this game, I'd have had a lot more fun from the jump instead of just now months (maybe year?) later."
76561198038963412,Recommended,218410,7841122,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,C0untzer0,"7.5/10If you ever need proof that Flash Games can be worth paying for, take a look at this.With so many TD games out there, it's hard to choose a good one. This is a good way to ease into the genre, with solid mechanics and just a sprinkling of plot and simple yet engaging characters. Mix in a little touch of RPG elements for upgrades and skill trees for your human ""Towers"" and here you are. There are many routes to victory, and challenging achievements to encourage you to try replaying with a different strategy. You get what you pay for and because it's built in flash it runs on ANYTHING! Worth a pop at the price, even more so in a sale."
,Recommended,218410,13826484,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Miyumi Ayase,"TL:DR? See ConclusionINTRODUCTION:Defender Quest: Valley of the Forgotten is a 2D game with a unique blend of TD and RPG from Level Up Labs. It features characters / companions who act as 'towers' and need to be strategically placed around the map to defend your main character Azra. Unlike a tower defense game, however, you can level up and equip items for your companions to help them improve in combat.You take the role of Azra, a royal librarian of the Kingdom of Ash which is currently being ravaged by a plague. Azra gets infected and thrown into 'The Pit', a place where all dead or dying are placed to keep the kingdom safe because those who die from the Plague become 'Revenants', undead monsters that are immune to physical harm. Azra soon discovers that she has the power to enter both the living world and the 'Half-Way' world, a place between the living realm & the realm of the dead. In this realm, she can summon her companions to fight the Revenants in their spirit form and eventually kill them.PROS:+ Refreshing new mix of genres+ 8-bit sprite art style that works well with the game+ Character / Companion progression is deep and extensive+ Well designed Maps and Mazes+ Very challenging difficulty levels+ 6 base classes (towers) which can progress into different builds depending on your play-style+ Dialogues between characters are humorous+ Steam Workshop supportCONS:- Cutscene art work could use a lot of improvement (especially the character designs)- Story is a bit weak- Balance issues (some classes are outright better than others)- Some necessary but boring grinding sessions to progress- No real 'HD' or Widescreen Support- No Steam Cloud SupportCONCLUSION:It is a GOOD GAME and one of the better tower defense games out there. I can easily recommend this game if you're looking for a challenging and unique game since it mixes RPG elements to the tried-and-tested Tower Defense genre. The 8-bit sprites, animations and effects are nice and work well with the game's art style although the Cutscene artwork could really use improvements. The levels are very well planned and are fun to play. Finally, the in-game dialogue between your companions is funny and quite entertaining.I can easily RECOMMEND this game even at full price since it’s only $14.99 or your regional equivalent. With simple graphics, this game is not system requirement heavy and can easily run even on netbook computers making this a perfect game when you're on vacation, working, passing the time, or in any other situation where you are not with your main gaming system.---------------------------------------------------------Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:Miyumi's Review Corner (MIRECO)"
,Recommended,218410,23257753,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,RetirementNoir:PruneJuice+Murder,A great tower defense genre game! Wonderful writing with likable characters and hilarious dialouge. It has a great variety of strategies and the difficulty curve is spot on.
,Recommended,218410,8241463,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Satanais,"One of the best TDs that I have played. There is a very nice background history in the game, very nice (and challenger) lvls, achievements, rewards and, well, everything I want to see in a TD. There's a lvl system for each unit, making it unique, where you can equip with some unique items. Awesome, worth every penny."
,Recommended,218410,12509430,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Grizzdrop,"Most tower defense style games are much the same. Arrange towers and use them to kill enemies. This one has plot, characters, and story. One laced with humor. If you like tower defense I recomend you pick this one up. It will get you hooked on both style and story."
76561197999972977,Recommended,218410,12698319,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Judas,"Don't let the simple art fool you, this game is really well designed and manages to be challenging without seeming unfair. I'm not a huge tower defence fan but this won me over very quickly."
,Recommended,218410,739536,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,zac503,"Now that we have real reviews I wanted to give this game a better response.As a long time tower defense player, I have to say this game is in the top 3 of all time. I'll try to explain why I love it so much, and why I'm so excited for the sequel that was recently announced.MechanicsThis game provides somewhat traditional mechanics if you're familiar with TD games. Players can build units on the perimeter of the path only, so there is no blocking/routing mechanics to worry about. Unit's have different attack types that are better and worse for some situationsWhat is unique about this game is that units level up in a persistent manner between levels, allowing your units to grow over time, This included an entire skill tree for each class of units that can be customized to your play style. Additionally, units have a weapon and armor equipment slot and the game does a good job of making this meaningful by introducing rare equipment a bit later in the game.Levels are replayable so you can grind your team a bit if you feel a little weak or would like to beef up a bit before a boss level. To compliment this aspect of the game, each level can be played on different difficulty levels, which provide bigger rewards at the cost of a higher difficulty. This aspect of the game kept me going back and trying to beat my records and old levels in order to get some of the better rare gear.Lastly, the game features a fast forward mode which is a welcome sight for those who play a lot of tower defense games. It really helps grinding out those later levels.StoryIt's rare for a TD game to have an in-depth story, but Defender's Quest does a great job with this. It's not ground breaking, but it certainly sets a nice tone and even introduces a bit of moral dilemma that plays into the unit mechanics later in the game. I won't spoil it, but I will say that the level of narrative impressed me, and kept me engaged until the end.Graphics/SoundsAll standard stuff here. You can look at the screenshots and get an idea of what you're into. In general I'd say that the graphics do a good job of matching the needs of the gameplay, and the animations are smooth and crisp even during hectic late game levels. The graphics change into a pleasant style during story segments and do a good job of relaying the emotion and facial expressions of the characters.SummaryAll in all, this game really scratched a Tower Defense/RPG itch that I'd been craving for a long time. If you can pick the game up on sale and like TD games I'd recommend buying it without hesitation."
,Recommended,218410,14333366,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Nerd House,"At first glance, Defender's Quest appears to be a silly little indie game with big dreams. The characters are bright and cartoony, and their dialogue is marked with sass. Their battle sprites display whimsical touches, like the ranger who spins her bow before firing. One of the promotional spellbooks Azra can equip, the Book of Face, introduces the Internet's beloved Trollface to the otherwise sword-and-sorcery setting. Focusing on the one-liners would be simple, as they are good. However, the core plot has heft: it would make a good Dungeons and Dragons campaign or fantasy adventure novel. Royal librarian Azra must survive in a quarantine pit the size of a small nation, while she's pursued by mysterious figures. It features conspiracy, betrayal, and explosions. Careful gamers shouldn't be surprised a USDA-certified English major wrote the script. The wacky comedy and childish in-fighting among Azra's companions allows the team to quickly bond. These light-hearted intra-party friendships and feuds add personal stakes to the more pervasive dangers of the pit. The story is delivered in slideshow style before every town and battle, tying the narrative neatly to combat.Combat is handled like a tower defense game. Enemies travel in waves from spawn points. As they walk into the attack range of stationary heroes, they suffer the effects of the heroes' attacks. The heroes are unable to move from where they're summoned, as they're doing combat on a spiritual plane where bodies just get in the way. The cornerstone of battle strategy comes from placing the six types of heroes in the appropriate location. After recruiting story characters (such as Slak, the madcap, murderous berserker), faceless extras of the same type become hirable. If that's all there was to combat, it would be a delightful diversion. However, each character gains experience points, which can be spent to learn new combat skills or boost existing ones. Once learned, most of these skills can't be used immediately. Characters must be boosted in battle, which draws from the same Psi pool Astra uses to summon allies and cast spells of her own. It can be a challenging balancing act to position the proper allies, keep them boosted, reposition troops to respond to new threats, and maintain wide scale battlefield control with Azra's spells. Thankfully, slowing the game's speed (and pausing it altogether) are simple options. The keyboard commands are simple to learn and encourage faster play, but nothing's wrong with the mouse either.With all the moving parts that go into battle, the multiple levels of accessibility are a nice touch. Each character has nine different attack modes including ""attack the strongest enemy"" and ""attack the enemy with least immunity to status effects."" Understanding the interplay between these attack modes isn't necessary for most of the core game, but integral to completing the optional levels. Furthermore, failure isn't necessarily punished. The default settings infer experience and money penalties for losing battles, but these can be changed based on individual preference. Redistributing skill points to explore different character builds costs money, but not a fortune. The steepest cost is the time it takes to click through all the advancements. The largest concession to the casual-vs.-hardcore debate is the option to increase experience points. Players who care more for the story and the thrill of rapid advancement can run with it. Players who want their hardcore bragging rights can lift their noses at the low-hanging fruit. True challenge-jockeys can set their sights on the more exclusive achievements, many of which are challenging even with gushing wells of experience points.Defender's Quest is a short game, but provides plenty of options to extend the experience. Completing every level at the highest difficulty takes about twenty hours; increasing the experience and money levels in the options decreases the playtime. However, the New Game+ mode, which becomes available after completing the base game, adds considerable challenge. The core story stays the same, but combat's modified with new enemy powers, new maps, and new bonus stages. The New Game+ also provides a delicious means of upgrading the magic items earned in the core game, unlocking unique modifiers for each relic. As enjoyable as these new features are, Azra's journal is the best addition to the New Game+. After every major battle, Azra updates her journal with commentary on the story. In the process, she details her internal struggles and fleshes out the world. The extra character moments in Azra's journal are enjoyable enough that their inclusion as bonus material seems strange. They'd serve the story better as part of its body rather than as bonus material.In spite of all this praise, Defender's Quest isn't perfect. Despite the snap and crackle of the script, it features several glaring spelling and punctuation errors--especially in Azra's journal. Purchasing equipment isn't as interesting as other elements of character customization, but the numerical benefits encourage frequently clicking through upgrades. The music is initially encouraging, but loops quickly. Thankfully, it can be toggled independently of the sound effects, which provide texture and valuable combat cues. The final battle song is a notable exception. That beast should be blasted loud and proud.Between its addictive gameplay and sliding difficulty scale, Defender's Quest offers gamers a great deal for such a small investment of time. It probably won't make a true believer out of anyone whose parents were killed by tower defense games, but it's good at what it does: drawing people in and refusing to let them go until they've finished ""just one more level.""http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=387148680Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,218410,19716488,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Tristan,"I've just finished this game. Pretty cool gameplay and very nice mood as well as some quite good challenging moments, if you don't grind too much before the final battle. I can unhesitatingly recommend this production and I am looking forward to playing the sequel."
,Recommended,218410,16459750,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,「蛍火」 Keika,"The crack cocaine of Tower defense/RPG. Excellent writting (especially when you get to new game+ and unlock side missions and the Journal), funny and memorable characters and addicting gameplay that can make hours mysteriously disseapear; while the main quest is resonable in length, a completionist run will probably take you 60+ hours."
76561197999409210,Not Recommended,218410,32610312,Posted: 20 June,all,-=SOI=- Faren,"This is one of the only games where I wish there was a 'meh', rather than a distinct yes or no. On the one hand as a veteran of this genre I always feel games that lack the combinatory variation of gemcraft are horribly limited, yet the charm of the game and humble devotion of the dev team are the strength in this title and I expect the next release to live up to every expectation and more.But sadly this one for that reason alone didn't quite do it for me.It's a decent TD don't get me wrong, but the lack of strategic complexity coupled with old school linear progression let it down tremendously.Edit: It deeply saddens me that the community have come here with the specific intention of downvoting my review that I consider to be honest and not at all biased and therefore was written with the sole intention of offering an alternative perspective to those who don't own a game that they are considering purchasing.Too many times I have purchased games based off upvoted comments alone, where the community who already own that game have been very active in downvoting any comment that doesn't fit their narrative.Steam need to look at the voting system. If you didn't find this review helpful then I suspect you already own the game. Therefore the review system means very little to you. Unless you're a dev.--------------------------------------TLDR:In my opinion:Pro's: Awesome developer who will listen to criticism and make the next game much better.Cons: Linear progression. Lack of strategic complexity. Not for me personally because there are better games out there of this ilk i.e Gemcraft and Creeper world."
,Recommended,218410,27920346,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,7hm,"Defender's Quest is the best Tower Defense game ever made.  It combines a well-done story with solid RPG mechanics and crisp short tower defense scenarios.  If you are on the fence about TD games this is the best way to ease yourself into the genre.  In fact, this might be the only TD game you'll ever enjoy - and that's totally ok.  It's as good as this genre gets."
,Recommended,218410,17646629,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Aro2220,"I've played a lot of tower defense. I used to play Warcraft III custom maps where the tower defense genre was cut from. Defender's Quest does a nice job of putting a well developed story with well developed characters into tower defense gameplay without it feeling pasted on.It keeps it simple. There are only a few basic towers to choose from, but each tower acts like a character in your party and you can equip most of them with weapons and armor (no weapons or armor for a dragon and no armor for the barbarian/main melee guy). The maps are laid out well enough that consideration to where to place your troops does make a big difference.There is also a nice take on the gameplay by offering 4 difficulty levels. You get rewards for completing the level, but you get bonus rewards for not taking a single point of damage. If you do that, you can get a lot of extra scrap (money) and unique items.What I'm doing on my second playthrough is going as far as I possibly can while only buying recruits and never any items on the easiest mode. When I hit my first failure, I go back to the very start and try to complete each level on the hardest mode possible. After I fail once, I will go down to an easier mode and so on until I am right back at the easiest mode and therefore, the furthest out I've ever been.The main game is not that long and there isn't a ton of replayability to this game once you complete it. That is why it is only worth a few bucks...but it's worth a few bucks. I hear they are making a Defender's Quest II and I hope that is at least as good. Even when it is, this is still a pretty fun tower defense and something that feels more refreshing than you might think when you come back to it after a long time."
76561198098008119,Recommended,218410,12338060,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Kory,"EDIT UPDATE!!! THIS GAME WAS ALREADY AWESOME BUT MR.LABS COMMENTARY ABOUT HOW DELUXIFIED IT IS HAS MADDDDDEEEE MY DAY. cAPS ftw.<3 Also still a great hilarious game.To be honest, when I saw this game I only  picked it up cause it was cheap, but damn if i were to talk about a game that game me the most value for my dollars, well it would have to be this one. If you're a fan of playing games through again, with like a second more difficult mode, that gives more insight into the story, well then this one is definitely for you.If you're a person who likes turned based rpgs, there is alot of the elements of being able to take your time and strategize, while all the same, you can just charge through really quick once you know your strengths, and how to use them most effectively.And lastly, If you love a good laugh that was written and delivered amazingly, you should totally name all the main characters after your friends and loved ones. It makes for a good laugh, and you think of your friends, slightly helping the social aspect of the brain, while completely being absorbed into this great single player game, that will make you think your not alone in playing it for so many hours...and if you're not really alone inside your head, well that makes the adventure even more interesting!  Such a great game. I recommend it a few times over."
,Recommended,218410,23573250,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,TheGobOne,"Unreal that this has slipped through my radar for almost 3 years. A tower defense game where your towers are people that you actually care about, not just fire tower #23. The mixture of RPG elements just puts it over the top. Extremely worth the money and I'm only 2 hours in!P.S. The writing is pretty damn funny at times."
,Recommended,218410,8888643,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Princess Gay X,"When I bought the game I thought ""well, there's just another TD game"". But, it turns out that it's not your average build and kill game. For the first 4 hours I've been trying to finish up the story of the game. The story took me in and I just wanted to know how it all ends. If you are thinking about buying this game read on to see why you probably should.After playing 12 hours of the game I have finished the main story and went on to do some harder difficulties and other challenges. This game is fun in it's own unique way. Not only do you get an interesting story to follow, but also get stuck in character menu thinking how you should level up the skills for each fighter.The only hotkey you will probably need to remember is ""space bar"" for pause. That is the only thing you will constantly hit to allow yourself some time to think before everything goes to hell. The game can be challenging even on the normal level.( The level difficulties go as follows: Casual – Normal – Advanced – Extreme). After your done with Normal, you can move on to a New Game+, which is way harder and more challenging.And yes, this is an RPG game. You will probably spend more time looking at the level up menu for characters rather than fighting monsters. It's not bad at all, but be prepared to think and compare different builds for the same class of fighter. There are 7 types of characters – Berserker, Ranger, Healer, Ice mage, Knight, Dragon and Librarian ( who is the thing that you actually need to protect).The simple graphics was also done in a pretty good way. All characters are different and you can easily tell the difference. Everything looks the way it should in this kind of game. The only thing I noticed is that when the Ice mage casts his spells it can be quite hard to see the enemy and how much health they still have. On a positive note, the graphics look smooth overall and you won't feel like your playing the game from the 80's at the same time. To add to this I can also point out that the soundtrack is very good. It fits the theme of the game very nice and allows you to feel emotions from the battle field and from dialogues.I am yet not sure how many hours you can play until you finish everything, but I would guess it's quite a bit. I think this game will keep you from sleeping for at least a few hours after you should have gone to bed.I honestly think that this game is a must have product for not just RPG and TD lovers but also for average gamers. If you have missed the sale don't worry, you won't regret buying a game for a full price."
76561198018449154,Recommended,218410,23626788,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Lord Nicodemus,"What can I say?  Watch the videos above.  Look at the user reviews.  People LOVE this game.  The Devs, LOVE the people who love this game.  They gave us a FREE HD remaster.  They even give you a Demo to try before you buy.  What can I POSSIBLY say about this game that hasn't been said already in all of that?  It is one of MY favorite TD games, if not the best TD game out there.  It's simple, not too flashy, not too frustrating, humorous and has RPG elements.  These Towers aren't just thoughtless machines driven to kill because you ordered them to...  No, that one there?  That's Slak the shirtless Berserker with the deranged mind and the awesome sword ripping up those ghouls on the tip of that island, right in the middle of the carnage where he can do the most damage.  GO SLAK KILL, KILL, KILL!  BWHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!  Yeah, these guys are my peeps, my group, MY ARMY.  They ARE SO MUCH MORE than towers.  So what can I say?  PLAY.  THE.  GAME.   ~'nuff said.  >:)"
,Recommended,218410,15450799,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,JaxkJaxk,"A mix of RPG and Tower Defense. This was my first game on steam, and I bought this because it was on sale and very very very cheap. So I dip my finger on the steam pond because of this game, and now I am drowned in a sea of games. Buying a very cheap game, I don't have any high expectation about this, but instead I got a very good game, a quite funny story, and for me personally because it combined two of my fave genre. If it happen to be on sale with a very very cheap price, then buy it..."
76561198054387451,Recommended,218410,23413976,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Kuolema,"Has a high replayability for me. The story is fine, the grinding and (later) high difficulty doesn't bother me and I like the active magic abilitys of the libraromancer.Also I'd totally NOT wear a t-shirt to battle.You are right Slak you sexy, redhaired ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,218410,29621185,Posted: 31 January,all,SpookeyHeyYou,"I have played a lot of tower defense games.  Overall I would recommend this game and would rank it in a top 10 tower defense games category.Pros:-Extensive gameplay-Smart balance and upgrades-Good amount of levels-Good and unique character balance-Demo gives you a good taste of what to expectCons:-Level upgrade limits to 9 (desired one or two more)-Limit of character upgrades of 60-Due to the two above, there are a last 2 or 3 levels that were not possible to complete.Desired (or recommended to the Defender's Quest team):-The map is a cool concept but felt there could have been a couple of paths in the desert with some unique desert concept or monster-Custom level designer"
,Recommended,218410,12243606,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Marcelloz071,"Defender's QuestRating : 8/10More than decent tower\defense RPG blended game set in a fantasy world. Pick your heroes and level them up each time you engage the enemy. You progress nicely through the levels to become a badass party. Kinda interesting story, good sound and soundtrack and easy to hop into. Graphics are retro and are nicely done.Had lots of fun with this game, so definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,218410,9975667,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Meadhands,"Defender's QUest is a tower defense game that has a heart. The video trailer is pithy, suggesting that the game and its creators don't take themselves seriously, but don't be fooled. The story is simple but effective, not avoiding the cliches but embracing them and making them its own, but not with the wink and nod of the lampooner, but of a storyteller with an earnest wish to convey to you the world they've imagined. I found myself playing this game long after the challenge had worn away, drawn not so much by the game that had grown to be child's play after intense leveling, but rather by that very soul the creators instilled in it. I found myself surprised by this, and was sad to find it 100% completed and with nothing more to offer. I will pick you up again in time, my friend, for the happiness you offered was not forgotten."
,Recommended,218410,23560526,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Chaelastrasz,"Tower Defense, RPG elements, story, humorAwesome game.  If you like TD games, buy this one."
,Not Recommended,218410,20234919,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Adam,"While this is a decent little game, I think it fails to really deliver on its core promises. It's worth some money and time, but I wouldn't recommend paying full price for it.The game bills itself as primarily a tower defense game. Tower defense games generally require you to come up with a strategy to defeat the enemies given a particular map and set of resources. Defender's Quest maps are much simpler, and to a large extent don't require much strategy. That's where the ""RPG"" part comes in. There's not really any role-playing going on, but your characters get stronger and you can buy better weapons and armor for them. The maps don't rely so much on strategy as on having characters that are high enough level and have good enough equipment. And that generally means grinding for XP. So when it comes to the advanced and extreme levels, it's not that the levels are possible but you have to have a better strategy. The levels are simply impossible to start with, and the only way you can beat them is by leveling up your characters.In short, it's not a good tower defense game (because the challenges rely primarily on having high-level characters not strategy), and it's not a good RPG (because there's no real role-playing, just ""numbers going up"" as you and the enemy gain levels and equipment). So I think it rather fails the ""tactical depth"" promise.The second promise is customization, and it does have options to rebind all the keys and change the XP scaling, character names and colors, etc., but I don't think it's a big deal. The developer also put thought into how he could accomodate people with certain disabilities (like epilepsy), which is nice.The third is story, and I suppose that's where this game does best. The story isn't great, but it does give a reason to keep playing and it is fairly humorous in some parts.Technically, the game is well-made, even if it appears dated. I can't recall any bugs in the game, and it has been very stable. The game runs at 800x600 resolution, which is fine for me. The sound effects and music are well-done, but lack variety, which is okay for me.I just wish the game rewarded thinking more than it rewards grinding. It's worth a try if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,218410,13710494,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,RPBN,"Oh God, why can't I stop playing this?"
,Recommended,218410,27007175,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,smartblue,The HD update was a fantastic excuse for me to play through this again. One of my favorite tower defense games.
,Recommended,218410,170371,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,decali,"Fun game! Clearly based on Flash, it's a JRPG-esque Tower Defense game with a good story and nice replayability (incl. Steamworks support).  The RPG elements complement the Tower Defense style very well - they keep each other from feeling stale :D"
76561198056972440,Recommended,218410,31567990,Posted: 5 May,all,Burnie The Brony,"This is one of my favorite games. And Yes, I've actually played it for hundreds of hours. There was a time when every day while I was winding down I'd put youtube videos on and just play this game, for hours. It's hard to pinpoint what exactly about it is such a draw to me. I think that the gameplay is super satisfying, the story is well-written and actually interesting, and the progression of equipment and levels feels fair and gives you a lot of choices.Beating the game is really only the beginning and throughout your entire first playthrough the game won't be too challenging, your main strategy choice is where to put your archers, which are easily the best class early on. In New Game +, the enemies have various strengths that go beyond just ""more health and damage"" which is nice. Stuff like 50% ranged damage resistance to make you switch up tactics, fading in and out of targetability to make it harder to clump units into a death zone, etc.You also get a new type of reward: in the first playthrough, you accumulate legendary weapons and armor by completing the levels on harder difficulties, which is great but has two issues. They don't feel very unique since it's just high stats, and eventually the stuff you can buy becomes better than the legendary stuff so they're useless. NG+ gives Skulls as a reward for beating higher difficulties that you trade in to upgrade the legendary items, and the upgrades fix both issues. The upgraded legendary items are better stats-wise than the stuff you buy, and they get unique abilities like extra bleed chance, higher crit damage, etc.Another cool thing in NG+ is the addition of several levels where you can only use certain classes, so you might have a level with only berserkers and healers. These levels also introduce a new character who is cool.Basically if you like tower defense games this game is perfect for you, or if you just want a game to relax and wind down with it's been prefect for that for me."
76561198090784415,Recommended,218410,27456585,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Estel,"If you are into TD games and you didnt try this yet, you are losing so much.. I cant find enough words to tell about this game. Just play it really, you will not regret."
76561198136991720,Recommended,218410,28391532,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SteelSavant,"This is one of my favorite games of all time, and I don't typically like tower defense games. The gameplay is very streamlined and intuitive, and the progression/difficulty curve stays very balanced throughout. Each class is unique, and while the skill trees are not as complex as they could be, they do definitely have an impact on gameplay, especially later on. The humor is excellent, and the additional story bits and journal entries make New Game+ worthwhile. Also, beware the sheep."
76561198053294338,Recommended,218410,26318240,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,1.mac.bed,"God damn it....Ok. i'll be honest here. I got this yesterday afternoon as I was looking for something cheap to test STEAM's return policy.Idea was to install it, and boom, kick it out.So here I was ... 4h later, farming lavels to get loads of money to buy new weapons and going through the story ... Ha! Joke on me i guess. But... all in all if I didnt mind spending over 4h on a first go of a game it deserves thumbs up.Great job - a tidy little game.If you are into tower defence, it is a nice gem."
76561198030799053,Recommended,218410,16365290,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Nintz,"This game. This is most likely the biggest surprise in my entire library.I originally bought this game about two years ago. The Steam Trading Card system  had just launched into beta (remember when everyone thought it was going to be huge and a card could be worth $5?) and I had gotten in. Curious to test the system out, I found I at the time did not own any games on the short list of applicable games. I immediately did two things. First, I purchased Half-Life 2 since I had played that game on another account and knew it was good. Second was I started scanning the list for cheap games. This was on a daily deal sale the following day.I checked it out and saw that is seemed like a pretty generic, if solid, tower defense game. Felt like one of those particularly good flash games on something like Kongregate or Armor Games. Still, for 5 bucks, I figured it was worth a shot.And I wasn't entirely wrong in my expectations. This does very much feel like a buffed up flash game in a lot of ways. And then I asked myself if that was a bad thing. The gameplay is simple and understandable yet plenty difficult. Creativity is encouraged and different strategies will be required. The graphics weren't amazing, certainly not HD (though a HD update is on its' way at time of writing) but I feel like the art has character to it. This of course is helped by the fact that there actuually is a solid storyline in the game, more than many games I've played. The characters don't have a lot of screentime for development, yet I still feel like they are real.All in all, this game I found to be a very good surprise. Don't expect a AAA level game, but do expect a game whose simple charm and solid gameplay will leave you satisfied. This game doesn't amaze, but it does the one thing that all games have to do. It's simply entertaining. The devs (who btw are super communicative and dedicated to their games) really did a great job with this one, and I look forward to their future work.9/10 - Highly Reccomended"
,Recommended,218410,17985341,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Ravenize > *,"Defender's Quest is a huge little gem of a game. I believe it offers the most hours of fun per megabyte of any Steam game I've played yet. I really enjoyed playing through it twice and sweating enough to unlock all the achievements.The game scales in difficulty exponentially. This means that the easiest battles are actually the earliest, and that the game gets harder as it progresses. This is a welcome change from most games,butit's taken to an unnecessary extreme at the end. Finishing the final 10% of a full 201 star playthrough will be where you spend the majority of your time. Thanks to the level cap - which you will get to - you'll hit a wall in your ability to improve. That makes it feel repetitive and slow, because you're just repeating the same few battles over and over again, trying to make little tweaks to survive. Most of the game isn't like that, but it's a frustrating way to finish.The game's story and characters are quite memorable and well-written. The dialogue is funny. I wasn't expecting that at all, especially from a tower defense game. It's actually one of the main reasons I'm looking forward to the sequel: I want to know what happens in this world to these people.The graphics are a huge let down though. With no way to scale the sprites are locked in a tiny window. I found myself squinting just to tell what was going on. And I heavily considered lowering my resolution just to make things bigger. Thankfully an HD re-release is in the works, but the level of fidelity as is leaves the game looking like a B-level mobile game.Defender's Quest is not without flaws, but if you enjoy challenging tower defense gameplay where the story compels you to move forward then it's well worth a purchase."
,Recommended,218410,24605897,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Morsk,"I tend to find Tower Defense boring, if it doesn't have a gimmick, or mix in other genres the way Orcs Must Die does. Here, the gimmick is RPG elements, and music reminiscent of Final Fantasy IV. That works for me.There is a ton of content; each map can be replayed on two higher difficulties for increased rewards, after beating it. And then you can replay the whole game in NG+ where enemies have altered behaviors. You can also change the game speed at will, which is something I'd love to see in more Tower Defense, to speed through the parts where I know my towers have things covered and I don't need to watch enemies walk into them and die."
76561198068883188,Recommended,218410,32737259,Posted: 24 June,all,Dr Brian,"Innovative mechanics (towers have different auto-attacks and separated cooldowns), good strategy depths, interesting skill trees. It's just lacking a bit on equipment personalization (3 hours in it seems to be mostly stats boosts), hope this will be expended on in the second opus. Graphics aren't exactly eye candy but they're doing their job, action is easy to read. If you enjoy TDs and don't mind retro graphics, a very solid choice. Worth testing the demo if you have any doubt."
76561197969749884,Recommended,218410,34403168,Posted: 21 August,all,Sarkoth,"Defender's Quest is not your average Tower Defense game, but what it does, it does really well. It has a nice story, good cartoon art design, whacky characters and a simple to learn yet hard to master core mechanic of tower placements and upgrades as well as about 40 different maps counting all bonus levels and challenges, all of which have an alternate harder version in NG+. Complexity wise it's on the smaller end of the spectrum with only 6 different hero (tower) types and a maximum of 36 towers in total. It also requires to shift heroes (towers) on demand during a map which makes the whole game also a resource management game under great pressure, although it is always possible to completely halt the game while being able to issue commands as well as to up to speed up the game by a whopping factor of 16.All in all: Great accessibility, time well spent and a good game to recommend to fans of the genre."
76561198035365543,Recommended,218410,23557798,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Har,"This is a beautiful little game. If you like tower defense, and you enjoy RPG mechanics and tropes, just get this game. Easily one of the most enjoyable TD games I've ever played.The dev has also just released a deluxe version for free for all owners which redoes all the graphics into high resolution, expands the campaign, and brings the game up to 60 fps. So apart from being a good game it has solid devs which are worth supporting.I buy a lot of indie games, not all of them work out or make me glad I bought them, this is one that definitely did and continues to."
,Recommended,218410,8770731,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,imac2much,"My first sleeper surprise this year.  Hardly anyone sings praises of Defender's Quest, with its basic visuals, repetitive music, and seemingly cloned gameplay.  I'm sure other games have tried combining RPG and Tower Defense (just as Puzzle Quest did with RPG and match 3 puzzles), but I was sucked into this game quicker than I imagined.  The story is dumb but you come to like the silly dialogue and characters, and the stages tend to change just enough (at least on higher difficulties) so you have to keep on your toes.  Some levels will remove your archers for example, while others may force you to prioritize on certain enemies rather than the collective.  This is a great game for people who enjoy Tower Defense with the loot collecting and skill customization of RPGs."
,Recommended,218410,23577430,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Politicalcoffee,"Free HD update for an already amazing TD, thank you Level Up Labs"
,Recommended,218410,27628594,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Avskum,"Probably the best Tower Defense game currently on Steam.Great game, great art, great music and great developers!"
,Recommended,218410,23577606,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,There's Candy In The Van,Graphics update!? Time to play though again!
76561198038367822,Recommended,218410,21626363,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Orangutan Titties,"The best tower defense around town. Excellent strategy and tactics will get you thinking to maximize your dudes' powers. Compared to the  many quality kong tower defense games, Defender's Quest blows them out of the water. Amusing dialog is the cherry on top of delicious creamy rich gameplay."
,Recommended,218410,33579536,Posted: 16 July,all,tieio,"This game is quite amazing, a really great story with RPG and Tower Defense. I just can't get past how well done this game really is, a pleasant surprise!"
76561198032963195,Recommended,218410,23572156,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,tcoiro46,"If you like tower games this is one of the verry best i have ever played! 4o years playing! buy this game, Help these folks move on to bigger and better projects in your future! They are pro,s at what they do!"
76561198177922821,Recommended,218410,23574940,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Austinlb55,"it's great. don't let the rpg part get you down no need for grinding just set exp and scrap(currency) gain to 300% you'll never need to play a map more than once again... maybe i haven't tried,"
,Recommended,218410,8862468,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Yung Venuz,"I like this game more than most because it captures a young adult aesthetic that i think is lacking in video games today. There's the ""kiddie"" games that try to be completely unoffensive and appealing to all ages, and the ""mature"" games that are filled with blood, but there's hardly anything that successfully matches the charm of the former with the seriousness of the latter. Defender's Quest, with its cute characters and satisfying buildup and resolution of tension, succeeds with flying colors."
,Recommended,218410,8866365,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,[GWJ] Redwing,"A fun spin on the tower defence genre. Adding character growth and party management similar to something like Final Fantasy Tactics stop it from becoming stale like a lot of other tower defence games. The stat trees don't seem especially deep, but they're interesting enough in the early game and everything seems well balanced.The story is simple but well told, the art style is also very simple (the 6th party member/character type in particular looks a little goofy) but the character of the game shines through it, and your party members are all expressive, interesting and actually quite charming. Lots of good, strong female characters here as well which is refreshing.Each level has an advanced and extreme version, which will require you to come back later when you're stronger. They're unnecessary to progress, but they will give you extra goodies if you go back and do them.Currently on sale for $1.50, which is a steal, I'd consider it well worth it at the regular $15 for fans of good tower defence or tactics based RPGs."
,Recommended,218410,9224070,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Killious,This charming mashup of the RPG and Tower Defense genres is a delight for any TD fan! While the TD genre is incredibly saturated with generic (and sometimes outright BAD games) this is an awesome example of how fun TD can be. Of course there are better TD games out there but the storyline and the retro feel to the graphics coupled with pretty good gameplay make this a Yes for the TD fan :)
76561198081049785,Recommended,218410,33109626,Posted: 1 July,all,Est,"I've recently purchased this game during steam summer sale, since I've been missing a proper tower defense game for a longer while. And woah, what a surprise it was!Pros:The gameplay for tower defense is extremely hooking! I suffered from ""just one more stage"" syndrome. I thorougly enjoyed it!Game experience is customizable - you can adjust how much experience and gold you earn from battles - whether it's 100%, something less, or something more, up to 300%. I personally recommend something close to 200-300. With 100 the game feels very grindy and you have to repeat older stages over and over and over to get some exp. I think higher exp set up eases the grind while not making the challenge itself much easier. There is also decent option of changing speed of battles which lets you fluently change the speed, from 1/4x to 16x of normal one.Game has some rpg elements - you can choose skill trees for your main units and it tries to have a decent story.For an indie game music is quite decent. Nothing extremely memoriable, but it's fine and doing it's job well.With skipping grind by boosting received exp, the length feels about right - about 20-25 hours to 100% I imagine. Very good value for current discounted price (~5 euro as of time of the review)The game feels like labour of love from developers and not just a venue for making money. From what I see, it received free HD ""deluxe"" update in the past, and there was an update less than 2 weeks ago adding new languages support! Doesn't happen very often for over 4 years old game. I'm impressed by developers' care of it.Cons:This is one of the worst presentation-wise game I've played in a very long time. While tower defense gameplay itself is a cool pixel-art, dialogues presenting story are very bad - just a still arts with static comic bubble speeches. It feels very lackluster and uniteresting. I'm also not a fan of the art - some characters, like an archer heroine just does not look good. It made story hard to follow for me, and ultimately I couldn't engage seriously into adventure of the main group and what was going on in the plot. I really wish there was anything to make presentation more lively. Some animations during dialogues akin to Neptunia? Some noises other than music during dialogue? Simply text appearing in a pace mimicking speech? Different fonts or effects to express emotions such as shaking of dialogue box to express fear? I'm not sure. Quite a decent writing was sunken by this in my opinion.RPG trees are a facade for most of the characters - for example it's quickly quite obvious that any defensive option is a bad choice, since characters are more than enough durable. I don't think there is any meaningful choice or trade-off in build creation.""Experience as intended"" (aka 100% of exp/gold) is extremely grindy and I don't recommend it. It requires heading back to previously completed stages to grind them over and over to get more experience for the characters. It also leads to sudden difficulty spikes where you find out your characters are not good enough and need to grind again. Thankfully, developers added option to customize experience gain up to 300%, so it's not a major con.If I had to give number score to the game, it would be9/10. This game to me is a proof that gameplay is the most important component of the game. Sure, the presentation is abysmal, one of the worst I've ever seen. But it doesn't change the fact, that it was extremely engaging and hooking indie game to me. It's very well done tower defense with decent and funny at times story, albeit terribly presented. It's a steal on a sale for 5 euros! I thorougly recommend it if you like tower defense genre. If you do not, I don't think this game is for you then - this is definitely not a game to buy to simply enjoy the story or miniscule RPG elements."
76561198259503133,Recommended,218410,23735622,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,moo,"Friggin awesome.  Just get it and be happy.Fun story, well balanced battles, good TD game.  Only rivaled by the kingdom rush and field runners series.If you like tower defence get this game."
,Recommended,218410,297867,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,bobert awful (F+),"You know, just when I compared the genre of tower defense to a 90's boy band and most aspects of Final Fantasy as tedious wank, there comes a game that I probably would be beaming hate rays at. This is that game, and I can't beam hate rays onto it because it takes all the irritating bits out of Final Fantasy such as grind and artificially lengthened gameplay out, and combines it with what makes tower defense ♥♥♥♥ing awesome: Intensity, efficiency, control. It would be up there with the classic Immortal Defense (and if you haven't played Immortal Defense, rectify that), but the story, despite being written by a 'real English major', flat out stands there and doesn't do anything. It doesn't♥♥♥♥♥♥me off either, though, so I guess it can stay. The game's still pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good!"
,Recommended,218410,7797551,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,crunchyfrog,"If one were pessimistic or dismissive, it would be easy to look at this Tower Defence game and dismiss it for being generic and dated-looking. However, that would be doing the game and the developers a real disservice.Granted, the 16-bit style is one you're either going to like or not, but it is executed very well indeed, as the use of colour is very done so that it remains pleasing on the eye and never jarring. The execution and balance of the game overall is very polished, and belies the developers' size - it really appears to be well-tested and difficulty is a very smooth and progressive curve.Pacing is similarly excellent, and it definitely evokes that magic ""just one more go"" response. The icing on the cake is the story, which is nice and humorous without being too cheesy or vulgar, so it greatly appeals to a wide audience. As comedy is a very difficult thing to write, they have done a fantastic job here; it's very tongue-in-cheek, and it fits the game perfectly.The meat of the game lies in having characters as your ""towers"" to place on a map. You can purchase extra characters to a maximum of 6 of each, and level them individually. The range of characters are well-defined (such as straight-up brawlers, archers, mages, healers, and even big ol' dragons), and afford some forethought as to their placing on the maps.The length of the game is good, running at a good few hours minimum, but with the added replayability of New Game+ and more. Whilst the game might seem a little high for something that looks like an old game, it is well worth money, as it will entertain you from start to finish.For fans of the genre, this is a must. Even for casuals, it's highly recommended."
,Recommended,218410,8037045,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Aurumlamina,"Incredibly fun game.  Usually, I am not the type to enjoy a ""Tower Defense"" game, but this one had many RPG elements (levelling characters, buying new equipment) seamlessly added into it that have made this one of my favorite games that I've run across in awhile.  I highly recommend it!"
76561198032411177,Recommended,218410,4121902,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,Entropy,"Great mix of tower defense with RPG ""Tactics"" Style char. lvling/customization, recruitment, and equipping."
76561198166404262,Recommended,218410,24698285,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Thrasher7170,"This game is absolutely incredible. It takes tower defense to a whole new level, and the fact that each ""tower"" has a whole hilarious character to it is great. I have more time logged in this game than Steam is showing, because for some reason it didn't track right, but that's only a small bug. The only real issue I have with this game is that the Journal is a little bit messed up. A few of the entries continue well off of the page, so it's impossible to read them in their entirety. Besides that, I cannot recommend this game any more than I already do. Buy it. Buy it buy it buy it buy it buy it. It's great."
,Recommended,218410,25313072,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Cossix,"One of the best tower defense games I've played. Not only is the narrative solid (and hilarious), but the game itself just mechanically works out really well. Potentially a little grind-y at times (especially when trying to outfit large numbers of units), it's definitely highly enjoyable and I'd strongly recommend."
76561198019355928,Recommended,218410,9386729,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Indra Tiris,One of the best defence gameGreat mix of tower defence and RPG with very intriguing storyline.You get to play longer after story ended!
,Recommended,218410,33123667,Posted: 2 July,all,Nix,"I bought this game a long time ago, since then it always updated, remastered and content was added... for free. Awesome devs."
,Recommended,218410,23618533,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,FireHawkX,"This game was already amazing... and with the new HD texture its even more awesome! :)If you like RPG and/or Tower Defense games, there is no reason not to play this gem of a game!!Nice little story... nice replay value (with a new game+ style)... beautiful music... decent art...Game used to ""lag"" somewhat before... and with the latest update its even better! :)"
76561198115318654,Recommended,218410,23743705,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,The Visitor,Adding RPG elements to a Tower Defense game was a grand idea. This game is fantastic.
,Recommended,218410,23626020,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,riotrey,it's a badass tower defense game without the microtransaction bs....seriously.....buy this...
,Recommended,218410,1544247,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"Solid, simple tower defense game with fun RPG elements. Said elements, combined with the games plethora of difficulty-sliding options, can make the game as easy or as hard as you want."
,Recommended,218410,15089585,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Enthony,"Underrated TD game.  They just announced a sequel, I'm looking forward to it."
,Recommended,218410,28555293,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ᴀʀᴍᴀɢᴇᴅᴅᴏɴ!,"I first played the demo version on my old laptop (R.I.P) four years ago after seeing it on XGen. I was really addicted to it, even though it was short 'cuz it was a demo. I was amazed by it's unique gameplay, setting and mostly the music. I remember that I kept humming the soundtrack for it all the time. I then forgot about the game, and soon, my laptop broke. Fast forward four years later, seeing this on sale in Steam. When I saw it, I thought ""Hey, why not buy it after all these years?"" and so I did.The game now looks different, however the soundtrack and the gameplay is still the same. Then I looked into the options and saw you can change the art style to the original one. Obviously, I picked the original, since the game feels more better that way. It's better to play it like you've played it before.I really recommend this game because of the unique gameplay, and you could probably fall in love with the soundtrack. I am currently humming the map theme now as I type this review. There's really not much else to say, since it's better if you experience it first-hand. Go on, get it while it's on sale. Totally worth it."
,Recommended,218410,12322630,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Reap,"Defender's Quest is a fun tower defence game infused with a little RPG element while having a strange yet humorous plot. The majority of the game isn't much of a challenge, so I would recommend this game to those who are new to this genre. However, that's not to say that avid tower defence players would not enjoy this with its strategic gameplay consisting of many unique map designs as well as the combination of old school tower abilities such as slows, critical damage and AOE effects. The RPG element in this game is very minor (you have the ability to upgrade skills and buy or find equipments) and without it, this game is your typical tower defence game. This is a great game to pick up to play for all kinds of gamers and non-gamers!"
,Recommended,218410,28932361,Posted: 2 January,all,Domino,"It's a really good and simple tower defense game with heavy RPG elements, despite the base game being around a decade old. All the monsters require strategic placement to defeat and are very fun to fight, except abominations, and are very well-balanced, except abominations, even into NG+. Also, abominations are overpowered.It has a decently interesting story that isn't ruined by abominations, too.Oh, and abominations are the worst.P.S. ♥♥♥♥ abominations.LIKE ♥♥♥♥ING SERIOUSLY HOW IS IT FAIR FOR THEM TO CARRY 3+ LAYERS OF TANKY AND INCREASINGLY FAST ENEMIES THAT HAVE TO BE KILLED ONE AFTER ANOTHER, ESPECIALLY THROUGH WATER OR ON MAPS WITH SHORT LANES? ♥♥♥♥ ABOMINATIONS"
,Recommended,218410,11148863,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Herger Joyous,"Really fun tower defence, RPG and a decent story to boot! I found myself going back to levels to unlock all the rewards and titles soforth. If you have a chance to pick this up i'd highly recommend it if you enjoy tower defence games."
,Recommended,218410,8510100,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,C.,"Defender's Quest is a fantastic TD game. It looks basic, but beneath the surface lurk customisation through talent trees for every unit, and the protagonist (who must be protected in each stage). The games retro style suits it, as it's a classic TD game that doesn't really introduce anything new to the genre. However, this is not a bad thing as it is a very strong game and doesn't need anything 'special' to draw people in. I'm a huge fan of TD games, and this is definitely one of my favourites."
,Recommended,218410,8858653,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Argyle,"If you have ANY interest AT ALL in causual RPG or Tower Defense games, this is the Reese's peanut butter cup combination of chocolate and peanut butter.  90% off almost makes me feel like I stole it, it's easily worth the retail price.  Extremely customizable in settings and gracious in allowing you to play how you want to."
76561198013132245,Recommended,218410,15235502,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,huminado,"I bought this game over a year ago and I still occasionally like to play it.  It's a satisfying, simple tower defense game with RPG simple character tech trees and RPG items, along with a story.I tried to ignore the story, but some parts of it can't help but seep through as I'm playing, and I think the story adds a nice dimension (especially when compared to other tower games where it's map after map and nothing to tie it all together).Because the ""towers"" are characters, and those characters level up, every puzzle tactical area eventually becomes easier.  But also every tactical area has 3 (sometimes 4) levels of difficulty, so it adds some mileage to the whole game.This is so far my favorite tower defense game and the most compelling."
76561198095148539,Not Recommended,218410,28893187,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,nessiodon,"Although the concept for this tower defense game is neat and the gameplay is somewhat entertaining, the progression is a little too slow. After 9 or 10 stages, I found myself having to backtrack constantly to keep up with the levels of the monster waves. Granted, it's possible to adjust the experience and scrap that you gain from encounters, but the standard difficulty shouldn't have to be modified just for that purpose. While the artwork and story seem to have drastically improved from the original work, a couple of errors can be spotted every now and then, and the plot remains a bit mediocre. Although I'll continue to play this game to its completion, I doubt I'll purchase the sequel if it largely resembles this first title."
,Recommended,218410,11178056,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,שלום,"Simple gameplay and plot(as expected from the game genre) that let you feel comfortable.I recommend it cuz it's not so ""mainstream"" as expected from nowadays' games.Basicaly, that's all for now.7/10"
,Recommended,218410,29455092,Posted: 23 January,all,Kubik,RPG + TD!  Great stuff!
,Recommended,218410,1555506,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,HoosTrax,Tower defense by way of Fire Emblem. One of the few TD games that has really clicked with me.
76561198056350889,Recommended,218410,9631155,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,dragonfang223,Tower defense RPG style. Very Good!
,Recommended,218410,29286143,Posted: 15 January,all,castavernas,"This is a simple but excellent tower defense / rpg hybrid with an entertaining story told comic book style with great writing and is overall just a ton of fun.The built in main story provides a lot of content, but they have gone above and beyond by making NG+ more than just the same game with an increased difficulty.  Instead the NG+ version has new side quests, new monster types and mechanics, etc so its actually almost like a full addition to the game (although with the exception of the side quests the story is the same).  The game also comes with multiple endings, multiple difficulties for each level and a set of bonus challenges so all told there is easily 30 hours of content and probably much more for a completionist.The game is quite easy on the lower difficulties but involves a ton of strategy and efficient management on the harder challenges.  Overall it strikes a good balance in letting you set you own difficulty and providing plenty of challenge without frrustation.10/10, great value."
,Recommended,218410,15112955,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Merin,"Tower defense.  Appealing art style.  Pretty neat story.I quite enjoyed this little game.  It isn't too long for a single playthrough of the story, and I've not messed with other options with it, yet I really had a lot of fun.  I really liked the characters, the plot, and the pacing of the increase in difficulty.For the price you cannot go wrong with this one.  If you like quirky stories and tower defense, you'll like Defender's Quest!"
,Recommended,218410,26018516,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,bulgarianBarbarian,This may be just a tower defense game but it comes with hilarious writing and is easy to break into. Loved it.
76561198117325002,Recommended,218410,13885674,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,The_Duffest,"a very fun game, not sure if it's worth $15 though"
,Recommended,218410,11529727,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Golddragon,"An amazing juxtaposition of a RPG-Strategy and a Tower Defense. It manages to pull this off very well, without neglecting story. Additionally, it contains a functional New Game+ mode. very good, 8/10"
76561198025758732,Recommended,218410,3664055,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Saximus,"You may have some qualms about paying fifteen bucks for a game that looks like it should be a free Flash game (the art style doesn't help it in this case), but this game is worth it.Plenty of maps, difficulty settings, and bonus content. Freely adjustable experience and currency drops. allowing you to make the game easier or harder to your liking. An engaging and genuinely funny story with likable and amusing characters. The absolute best implementation of a New Game+ mechanic I've ever seen. And I find the art style endearing, personally."
76561198000534001,Recommended,218410,30348515,Posted: 5 March,all,Tolome,This is the tower defense game I never knew I always wanted.
76561198003099471,Recommended,218410,24973131,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kaero,"Really fun TD game, best I have ever played. Also has great writing (and an actual story, unlike other TD games) and great music."
,Recommended,218410,30268541,Posted: 1 March,all,iPlayer,"Awesome game, I looked at the review on steam and wasn't sure when I looked at the graphics.Don't let the graphics fools you.Great Tower Defense RPG game."
,Recommended,218410,13500870,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SudoDragon,"Tower defense, boiled down to its essentials. The game looks very simple, but is actually a sophisticated contribution to the genre. Years after release, this is still one of my favorite TD games to play."
76561198106041675,Recommended,218410,13691790,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TroyAlexander,"Fun RPG style Tower defence. Fairly easy, but fun and easy to jump in and out of. 6.25/10"
,Recommended,218410,13522951,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,loganexis,"Un excelente tower defense, me ha gustado mas que el kingdom rush, altamente recomendado si te gustan los tower defense....y los dragones"
76561198056985239,Recommended,218410,13612800,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ded,"Defender's Quest... this game is so simple and entertaning, it's a mist of RPG and Tower defense that can be played casually, loved it"
76561197970685695,Recommended,218410,13661729,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,digitalsoap,I've played a bunch of tower defence games and this is by far my favorite.
,Recommended,218410,13781239,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Quothe,"Its a fun game, definitely the most deep and enjoyable tower defense games I've played."
76561197960397413,Recommended,218410,13686287,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,pun_cala,"Hyvä pelimekaniikka, tajuttoman huono juoni ja taide. Pelissä on maaginen nappi nimeltä ""Skip"", jolla Defender's Quest paranee kertaheitolla varsin viihdyttäväksi tornipuolustukseksi. Helposti parin euron arvoinen."
76561198046952249,Recommended,218410,13623296,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,K#,To justify selling a TD it has to be pretty good since a plethora of free TDs exist all over the internet.It's pretty good.
,Recommended,218410,11176374,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Forgetful Brain,"Don't be fooled by the modest visuals - this is a fantastic game. As an RPG Tower Defense hybrid, it's a blast. Solid mechanics that allow you to micro-manage as much (or as little) as you like, while offering simple tweaks to XP accumulation, allow for a high degree of accessibility. On top of that, the story is great. It does its own thing without relying too heavily on established fantasy tropes, and also mixes in some really successful humor - it actually reminds me a bit of Avatar: The Last Airbender.If you're going to pick the game up, I'd highly recommend heading to the game's site. There's a sequel in development, which will have a score by no other than Nobuo Uematsu, and pre-ordering it there will net you a free copy of this game as well.Bonus Note: For a more classic RPG experience, don't pick up any additional recruits in the towns you visit along the way. Instead, use only the characters you get directly through the story, and bump up experience gains to 300% - this will lend itself to a few special achievements, minimize micro-management headaches, and generally let you bask in the glory of your awesome, uber-powered characters.Bonus Note+: The New Game+ is incredible, and so worth playing. It adds side quests, and a journal (which is actually really well written), giving loads of meat to the story and characters that was only hinted at on the first playthrough. Stick around for it - it'll be worth your time."
,Recommended,218410,23832321,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,"Recette, Trainee Mexican",I spent an hour killing a level 1 super sheep.10/10
76561197977612709,Recommended,218410,20079372,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,droo,Super fun tower defense!
,Recommended,218410,24302714,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,chezwizard,"Fun game, if somewhat limited and repetitive after a while. The undercurrent of humor makes reading the story particularly engaging, and the battle tactics, while somewhat simple, are still deep enough to be well worth checking out.If you need more challenge, there is an achievement for running through the game with no generic troops that makes you think more about optimal placement. New game plus adds some side stories, but they are in addition to playing the whole game again. Still, it was interesting to see all of that.Also, the recent graphical upgrade makes it look much more smooth, and that's always nice.Haven't played much since that to see what else they might have added, so there may be more to like than what I've mentioned."
76561198000316046,Recommended,218410,23658265,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Meismart,Loved the flash game so much I had to buy it!
,Recommended,218410,23654456,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Vaelor,"Played it twice, hd and old non hd. Its not too hard / too long and a great game for the money!"
76561198018473611,Recommended,218410,23679460,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,SnowFire,"Pretty great.  I'm not even a huge fan of Tower Defense, but this just pushes all the right buttons - it's fast, customizable, fun, got good music, solid humor & writing.  Even has better graphics with the new deluxe edition!Only minor complaint is the game occasionally crashes, but never in the middle of battle, so you don't actually lose any progress."
,Recommended,218410,23705927,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Wacko Jacko,This game deserves every ounce of praise it gets. Hands down the best tower defense game I've ever played.
,Recommended,218410,23670049,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Exceedingly Underperforming Male,"♥♥♥♥, this free upgrade compells me to acquire Defender's quest 2: Electric boogaloo. Damn my nostalgia-glands and your 90s developer mentality!"
,Recommended,218410,1046588,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Authorman,oh man its a good game. i have not fallen down this deep a tower defense hole in years. someone send help i am drowning in a great game. gonna be a smiling corpse.
,Recommended,218410,4837749,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Kolto-Cola,"Fun mix of roleplaying and tower defense--so it's an RPTD? Defender's Quest also has a New Game+ that carries over 100% of your items and characters, plus adds more crap to unlock and upgrade."
,Recommended,218410,1064579,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,[MG] Dabbaba,Best tower defense I've ever played. Very well made with a really capturing storyline. It's got the perfect balance between strategy and RPG elements.
,Recommended,218410,5988366,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Senator Booty,"Surprisingly deep and customizable for a tower defense-type game, with loads of strategy and RPG elements to keep you playing for hours on end. An engaging plot, class-based skill trees, and incredible replay value are just a few of its strong points. Try out the demo if you like, but in my opinion this is one game definitely worth purchasing!"
,Recommended,218410,3568424,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Tarnia_Q,"Well, through 6 hrs playing, my first impression is that this is a decent RPG mixing with some tower defense elements. As a tower defense game, it is too simple in strategic depth. You don't have too many strategies available in game. But as a RPG, it is not outstanding as well in comparison with other typical RPGs. Its attraction to me is that this game is story-driven and the story is engrossing enough to keep me playing for hours. At the start, a dying girl is thrown into a pit to accept her destiny. But she doesn't. For unknown reason, she returns from the halfway to the hell. In return, the terrible experience on the verge of life and death gives her a new spiritual ability, making her capable of leading people to fight against the undead. As the game progresses, the mystery behind uncovers. This girl gradually comprehends her unavoidable destiny. She would meet many companions like warrior, archer, monk, mage and even the dragon. They would give her a hand on her road to save the world..."
,Recommended,218410,9243426,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,reibeatall,"Absolutely the best Tower Defense game out there, and even calling it ""Tower Defense"" seems to sell it short. The RPG elements can't be overstated; they give you a reason to care about your ""towers"". The character writing is chuckle-worty at times, and the story, while it's not Oscar worthy, is very good. I've been looking for a ""play a round or two at a time"" game to play, and Defender's Quest fit that perfectly (except I would end up playing ""just one more"" more often than not). I can't wait for the second game."
,Recommended,218410,9402947,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Atalus,"It's a simple tower defence game.  The story is smiple and easy to follow, but you do have to read it.  Other then that, the characters are likable, the game play is solid, and the defences are easy to manage.  It's a not pushing any limits on the graphics department, but it's fun.  Pick it up and enjoy."
76561198048955203,Recommended,218410,23553137,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,litre,"I immensely enjoy this game. Great example of indie development. Well balanced, well scripted, well thought through. Nice aesthetics and dialog too, I chuckled in places."
,Recommended,218410,22458214,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,DrewSol,"I've thoroughly enjoyed Defender's Quest, it's just a Tower Defence game, but with an awesome story, great characters and challenging gameplay, what's more there is enough hidden away to keep you coming back for more, going for the 100%, collecting weapons and armour, the challenge modes and if you truly hate yourself and enjoy cryptic crosswords the Secret Book.What's more, there is a New Game+ that not only increases the challenge but adds new levels, new lore etc.  All in all a well thought out game to pass the time, and will have you laughing out loud at the story, and cursing as you go for the perfects."
,Recommended,218410,4518512,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,Nymlus,"Defender's Quest breathes new life into the dusty genre of tower defense by mixing it with the story and characters of a role-playing game. I must warn you that it is incredibly addictive; it contains oodles of extra content as well as multiple rewards for choosing more difficult paths through the game. And once you're done with it all, you can begin anew to see if you can complete the famed ""Hero Mode"". Add in mod support and a gracious team of developers and you can see why this game has something for everyone."
,Recommended,218410,22834831,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,El_Derpy,"If you like tower defense, you really should play this, it is one of the best games of the genre."
,Recommended,218410,8350160,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Vulpin,"Simply the best tower defense I've ever played on any device. There is action, humour, plot and cute characters. Huge replayability and rpg elements. If you like a fantasy genre and tower defense you won't find better game. It should be ported to smartphones and tablets. Legendary!"
76561197965625370,Recommended,218410,20495737,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ThePenisDoctorWho,One of the best TD games out there.
,Recommended,218410,20596047,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Pomf,"Easily one of the best tower defense games ever made.If for some reason you are a big fan of tower defense games but play this game and don't like it, then there is something wrong with you...This game in particular is pretty interesting as far as TD genre goes, since the way it works it has both the familiar back to basics feel/aspect to it AND it has new innovative and refreshing aspects that haven't really been done before or much that just improve the genre to a new and good level."
,Recommended,218410,4043863,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,kmyc89,"A nice mix about:+""Final Fantasy""+""Plants vs Zombies""+""Fish vs Crab"" or ""Go home dinosaurs"" [Tower Defense]+Mann vs Machine (upgrates) from the game ""Team Fortress 2""PS: Trailer-bad, Screen shots-bad; BUT demo awesome and big."
,Recommended,218410,8847442,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,TheKingLothric,Pretty nice tower defence game with rpg elements and sometimes hilarious dialogues. Good time spending for two or mb more evenings. Also I have learned a lot of new English words that I think will be useful for me. x)
76561198112936760,Recommended,218410,29879674,Posted: 12 February,all,*****id,"Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten (DX edition) is a fun yet somehow shallow tower defense game.It's one of these cases where Steam's binary review system forces me to give a 'thumbs up' rating followed by a long text with all the caveats.TLDRIf you're looking for a relaxed, not-to-deep tower defense with colorful graphics, thematic music and some tongue-in-cheek dialog you might try this out. If you're looking for the best-in-class tower defense game, this is not it.detailsThe game has us accompany Azra, the royal librarian of a fantasy land, through her journey across the land where she must overcome various evils. You wouldn't play this game for its story per se but the dialogs and well crafted scenery and overworld make for a compelling reason to keep playing. Via overlay tutorials the player is introduced gently into the actual gameplay of placing and managing your figthers. While the start is great you soon realize that there isn't a lot of depth to the gameplay. I've played Warcraft 3 custom maps that had more mechanical variety in their tower defense than this game.The mechanics merit a closer look because they are the Achilles' heel of this game really. There just isn't a lot to do other than the basics : placing your figthers (towers) and upgrading them, using your global hero powers now an dthen. There's no option to call a wave early for extra cash, no towers that teleport mobs to the beginning of the maze, no flying units that ignore the ground paths altogether, no possiblity to send your own troops against the enemy, etc., etc.Mostly you'll be fighting against zombie like creatures which is justified by the story but it gets stale fast. There's a missed opportunity here for including a much more diverse set of enemies that challenge the player to adjust their strategy and tactics.Outside of combat you'll have the opportunity to manage your party by purchasing equipment, acquiring new fighters up your fighters by assigning points in a talent tree. The game limits itself to 6 classes of figthers (towers) all of which are nicely integrated into and justified by the story. Every figther has a unique role and there's little possiblity of straying from that role via the talent tree. You want your archers exel at ranged combat and your freeze mages to excel at slowing down foes. That is that. I dare to say that this game suffers from a mild sort of RPG syndrome: the inclusion of RPG elements (experience bars, talent trees, interchangeable equipment) for the mere sake of it.The developers have included many interface features that are very useful in this type of game, like being able to slow or speed up time at will or being able to reuse your previous tower layout if you failed a mission. Being able to control the game's speed at will makes for relaxed play sessions and there's even the option to scale experience points and loot rewards if you feel the pace is to slow or to fast.One of the decisions that astonishes me is that the developers decided to hide away some content like side missions and additional dialog in new game plus (ng+) mode. Since this game's story and presentation are on the strong side (for this genre) this baffles me. I've tried my fair share of ng+ and In the way of difficulty or mechanics there isn't much that varants a second playtrough. Defender's Quest is rather the kind of game that you play through once to see the plot come to its conclusion and then move on to something else.This game supports the Steam controller ouf of the box and the layout is quite sensical. When using it though, the game would often hang in dialog scenes or null pointer crash. No such issues presented themselves however when playing with well though out keyboard layout.All in all, I've had my fun with Defender's Quest and I'm looking forward to see the devs expand upon it with Defender's Quest 2 which is currently in development.Edit: the game supports modding via the Steam workshop. While there aren't very many modifications available as of writing (February 2017) this is certainly a big plus!"
76561197972959500,Recommended,218410,32352929,Posted: 11 June,all,CalamityVayne,I enjoyed this game a lot more than I expected. Would recommend to anyone looking for a tower defense game.
,Recommended,218410,8845876,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Saint Killjoy,"Fun little RPG TD, grab it while it's on sale."
76561197961698220,Not Recommended,218410,16318553,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,slutty_pilgrim,"Not a good game.It was as if the devs made sure it had all the elements to sell, but none to make it fun.Not an enjoyable 17 hours.  I wasn't smart enough to stop.(1)  The tower defense gameplay was poor.  The appeal of tower defense games is usually to try and optimize your defense to be efficient and effective as possible against the oncoming force.   In Defender's Quest there are very few places where your characters can be placed rationally.  In other words, there was only one strategy to place your characters when you setup.  Since there were no other real elements to the game, this made it very boring.  When you lost a mission, you couldn't try and refine your process as there was nothing to refine.  You just needed to level up to get stronger.(2)  The character leveling up process was poor.  I decided to buy the game because the game boasted an RPG leveling-up process.  Although this is technically true, you DO HAVE TO CLICK A BUTTON in order for them to get more powerful, it could have been done automatically as your choices were thin, uncreative, and obvious.  Again, there was no game element in it.  You put the point where it was supposed to go and done.(3)  The storyline was not worth it.  I don't remember the storyline other than it seemed shallow.  The characters were the best part of the game.  Each character seemed unique and full of personality, but the storyline needed more to take away from the poor gameplay.  Because I liked the characters and I thought they were unique, it was a big letdown to find out later that you get more characters just like them gameplay wise.  Here you thought you had a unique crazy berserker guy or a badass ice mage, but no, they are just one of many.(4)  The enemies were uncreative.  The enemies were similar across the board.  At no point do you need to change your strategy based on the different types of enemies coming our way.    Some tower defense games have VERY uncreative enemies, but they don't need varied enemies as the game element is in the placing of the towers/characters, abilities, and tower synergy.  Defender's Quest did not have that."
76561197985769083,Recommended,218410,8871749,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Shonen Hero,"I picked this up when it was on sale, and I gotta say it has a lot charm. That being said, the writing is a bit rough around the edges, and the dialogue (with the exception of one of the big bad) falls somewhat flat. In any case, it is a solid tactical rpg with some unique mechanics that fit well with tactics genre. I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,218410,9600372,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Nicholas,"A delightful indie gem, Defender's Quest combines some of the funniest writing I've seen in a game with a terrific twist on tower defence.The campaign is cleverly designed. Each battle has four difficulty levels. You can push through the storyline on a low level, and indeed you need to at the early stages. However, there is plenty of incentive to come back and try it again for special items, experience and rewards. Battles are short and varied so there is not really a sense of grinding; indeed, it is interesting to come back with new options through skills and classes.There is plenty of scope for strategy in the battles. There are six different classes, each having different skills and attributes which can be levelled up. They can be boosted during the battle, and can be recalled and replaced.There can be incredibly tense moments late in a battle when a powerful enemy is closing in and you have to frantically recall fighters to put them into better positions. The ability to pause or slow time means that success depends on your strategy, not your reflexes.The variety of battle maps and enemies make for a different experience in each battle.There are genuine laugh-out-loud moments throughout the campaign, which adds to the pleasurable experience of progressing through it.The New Game+ is the finest example of this mode that I've ever seen. It's not just another run through the campaign at higher difficulty, it actually adds side quests, wonderfully-written journal entries and other bonus to make it well worth playing through again.In short, I highly recommend this game. It's one of the best I've ever played."
76561198009584274,Recommended,218410,7793833,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,=[RoS]=Justinpcgamer,I really enjoy tower defenses but this game takes it to a whole new level.
,Recommended,218410,14353949,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Oafah,"This is precisely how tower defense RPGs should be done. Your progression and choices actually matter, but there's always room to go back and correct your mistakes. There's a real sense of accomplishment when you finally beat that super-hard level on the highest difficulty. It helps that the dialogue in the cut-scenes is at least somewhat entertaining and doesn't make your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pucker from cringe.There isn't a planned sequel I'm looking forward to more than this one."
76561198002564768,Recommended,218410,2120570,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Deacon,Mix of Tower Defense and tactical RPG.This game is a drug et probably the best Tower defense I've played so far.Mélange de tower defense et de tactical RPG.Ce jeux est une drogue et probablement le meilleur Tower défense auquel j'ai joué.
76561198052594334,Recommended,218410,5597930,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,QotC2,"Awesome.Yep, that's it.It's just awesome."
76561197995914636,Recommended,218410,1652828,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,norD,"This is by far the best Tower Defense I've ever played !Story, Leveling, Loot, New-Game+, Challenge, Endless mode, etc, etc.FUN FUN FUN !"
,Recommended,218410,10950323,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,konejumala,"You like tower defense? Buy this. Don't like tower defense? Try the demo. The thing about this game is that all the 'towers' are people. There is a plot with humor, and while it's nothing groundbreaking, it makes this game worth it. It's very easy to just keep accidentally opening Defender's Quest for a round or two every once in a while (content highly addictive) and there is always New Game + with some side quests."
,Recommended,218410,2664298,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Enki,"A great blend of Tower Defense and RPG. Very easy to just pick up and play, and just as easy to say ""Just one more level."""
76561198001346663,Recommended,218410,10182230,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,zellychan,"Oddly one of my favorite games that I continue to go back to.  There is no mindblowing gameplay or jawdropping graphics.  What it does it does small scale, but it delights in in each area.Story:  A very solemn themed game about war, sacrifices, dark gods, etc.  Fortunately the main cast have great (sometimes insane)  personalities and have wonderful, surprising, and often hysterical interactions.  This is where the writing really shines and is honestly probably the strongest part of the game.Gameplay:  It's pretty standard tower defense.  Each class has skills, attack range, hit points, etc.  Set them up in likely positions and away you go.  Fail?  Try a different set up.  Characters also level up with experience for new skills, high attack, so forth.  Getting too easy? There's a Newgame+ with harder enemies and achievements that will test you.Graphics:  During gameplay it is high quality pixel art style, detailed and well done.  Cut scenes before and after battles are...I'm not sure what to call it.  Cell shaded stop motion?  It's nice and it does the trick without being flashy.Like I said, I just keep coming back for more, figured I might as well review it.  If you like tower defense games with interesting stories and well written characters, get this."
76561197978188749,Recommended,218410,10370441,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,DrunkHobo,The most fun I have ever had in a tower defense game. If you like the genre then this is a must buy.
,Recommended,218410,13302318,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Daniella42,"This game really fun, with just the right level of difficulty. I think the low quality graphics might scare some people away, but as someone who normally cares a lot about graphics, I think in this case they really don't take anything away from the fun of the gameplay. The story and characters are solid as well, and I love the customization options. I can't wait for the sequel."
76561197970447700,Recommended,218410,411617,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,oneclipleft,"I haven't played a tower defense game in a long time, but this one definitely hooked me right off the bat. With an interesting story full of quirky characters and mechanics that are both deep and easy to grasp, I can't recommend this game highly enough. Check it out!"
,Recommended,218410,787330,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,HoltKezed,I am seriously impressed by this game!! A neat Tower Defense with a unique RPG twist !!
76561198008779294,Recommended,218410,10905321,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Duriello,"Epic game, nuff said! :)"
76561198031765203,Recommended,218410,4082628,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,SleepThieff,"Overall above average title, quite good for an indie game. Would definitely recommend to anyone who enjoys Tower Defense. (9/10)"
76561197964626206,Recommended,218410,188965,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Transientmind,"SOLD.  Great Tower Defense game.  Mechanics I enjoy, persistent progression, the ability to grind if you need, and pretty decent story.  Great in-built humour.  BUY IT!"
76561198012687752,Recommended,218410,2792029,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Foxed64,"Probably THE best Tower Defense game I've ever played! Tower AI is pretty smart, the sprites look like they came out of Chrono Trigger, and the game's pace can be set to stopped to really slow to really fast all in a flash, amongst TONS of other things to add to the replay value. If you like tower defense games and aren't afraid of RPG elements, check this one out."
,Recommended,218410,11668926,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Xanth752,Fun and addictive.
,Recommended,218410,6362270,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,SiNistR Squirrel,"Blending the best aspects of RPGs, strategy games and tower defense into one awesome package!"
76561198015399489,Recommended,218410,17562056,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,vortex,"A great take on the tower defense genre. I'm not generally a fan of tower defense games, but this one was outstanding."
,Recommended,218410,24229261,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Hem,"What a surprise this little indie game was!To sum it up: it is an RPGish Tower Defense game, with great story, great difficulty curve, hours of play, good music, nice humor... all in all, one of the best TD ever, periodThere are so many great and new features in this game: the RPG part is not to be overlooked, since your towers are characters that you encounter, befriend, explore the past... and upgrade like a tower! The scenario is very well thought and written (I laughed with some characters jokes, and got annoyed by some others), there are SO MANY levels, SO MANY items to buy, and it is SO HARD to finish the game on Hard mode (I gave up, I have no time in this short life) or find the secret side paths (I KNOW there are some dammit!).No seriously, I had NO expectations for that little game, but wow! I was impressed. I DO recommend and I look forward to this studio's next game!"
,Recommended,218410,500416,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Felipepepe,"A interesting Tower Defense + RPG game. It's very cool to get equip for your party and level them up, but that also adds a bitter side to the game: You can grind to pass hard challenges and some challenges are simply impossible unless you come back later on a higher level, so it kind of kills the puzzle/strategy element of most Tower Defense games, where you have fixed resources and must win with them...THe regular game is easy, and it has very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ webcomic humour, but is still solid fun."
,Recommended,218410,10791216,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jinxzy,"I saw this on sale for 2€, figured I could waste a few hours on it.50 hours later I was sat thinking of master strategies to complete the levels on the harder difficulties. An amazingly fun game, if you like a humorous tower defence with RPG elements, this is WELL worth the price tag."
76561198059480701,Recommended,218410,11191812,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,IrishWhiskey,"Great game, excellent writing, gameplay and spin on a traditional tower defense game."
,Recommended,218410,13491855,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,GAME IS A SHIT,It's a tower-defense game with a pretty decent story to it. I personally thought it was awesome.
,Recommended,218410,13657193,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Secsight,"Awesome game, highly recommended if you like tower defense at all"
,Recommended,218410,15922146,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,I'm Having A Stroke,"Really good game. The only thing I could complain about is the art style - and since it's getting a FREE HD UPDATE in the works, I don't exactly think I can say anything.If you like Tower Defense, get it - ESPECIALLY if you like RPGs as it is heavily influenced by RPG-based themes.If you're not a fan of Tower Defense, though, you should probably pass it. Some people aren't going to like ""oh here's a game where you just... sit there and watch stuff happen and click occasionally..."" but those who can get into the genre are in for a real treat."
,Recommended,218410,13339186,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,CTVulpin,"A good mixture of tower defense and RPG elements, this game has a gentle difficulty curve while still providing a challenge to expert players.The story is full of humorous moments."
,Recommended,218410,13834345,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,-W3E- Bipolar Bear,"Well, what do I say?This is probably the best Tower Defense game I have ever played.  Lots of RPG elements, a decent story, and necklaces made of zombie skulls."
76561197991273744,Recommended,218410,13940365,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,firesh,Only one word: Wow!
76561197970830741,Recommended,218410,14039163,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,NO_PUPPET_NO_PUPPET,Good.
,Recommended,218410,11178727,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Katenic,"This is a great game to scratch my castle defender itch. I had already blasted though one on the android store and searched and found this on the more preferable platform.This gives you great difficulty ramping and replay value for every level.The storyline is unique to my knowledge, and I found it refreshingUnits can be fully customised with apperance, name and indivial levelling up to give great diversity to your defence(So obv i named my units after my friends and it makes it that touch awesomer)OH and i thnk the one thing that I LOVE is that there is a story, an INTERESTING story with INTERESTING characters, it makes me want to play on to see where the story is going or see what my crazy warrior will say next. I love this game."
,Recommended,218410,11226767,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Raudence,I really like TD's and RPGs and this just makes for an addicting game.
76561197998490461,Recommended,218410,10600870,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,cheep crybabby hatter,"Once you've played one or two tower defenses, you've played them all, right? YES. Well, almost completely yes.I hate this genre with a passion. I enjoyed those first one or two tower defenses I've played, and I'm consistently disappointed with every successive iteration that there is basically no variation whatsoever, especially given how crowded the genre has been. I think it's to do with tower defenses being easy to make, in terms of design, programming, and graphics, so that a lamentably successful game can be made on a dime.However, I do have to give this one game a recommendation. As much as I dislike the genre, this one definitely feels fresher. It blends significant RPG elements into the usual formula. Firstly, it has an engaging story, with plenty of humour and quirky characters. The levels support the story, including the occasional boss fight. Your ""towers"" are in fact your party members, belonging to six classes, who gain experience from encounters and level up to gain additional skills, or hone their own skills further. This allows for plenty of variation amongst your party, although I found myself sticking to a single formula for each of my types.The gameplay itself is not typical of tower defense. There's no placing your people so that they block enemies; they must be placed on the sidelines of a preset path. Also, there isn't an emphasis on placing more and more towers to increase the length of the gauntlet. Although you can place all 36 members of your party in a level, doing so is generally not recommended, because it is far more efficient to simply upgrade the party members you have. The end result is a far more sparse tower defense game, one that greatly favours tactical placement, and consequently, can be fun for the most jaded tower defense anti-fan.I also appreciated the difficulty system, whereby you can choose from three difficulty settings when playing each level (and a fourth that doesn't exactly count, for casual gamers). You can also come back and play the level on a higher difficulty setting, with different enemy types and levels, to get greater rewards (like unique items). It really added to the longevity of the game. Add in some challenges to complete, and you well and truly get your $15 worth.So, for the first time, I have played a tower defense that has left me wanting more! I'm keeping an eye out on Defender's Quest 2, which is currently in development. If you too are as jaded as I am, don't instantly discount this one. Give the demo a try."
,Recommended,218410,13209381,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,grimacingmoon,i bought this during my Kingdom Rush high. it's okay... didn't finish it after a few frustrating bonus missions.
,Recommended,218410,13558334,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,utopianh,"A game that very much merges Tower Defense and the Strategy RPG genre in a very good way.  It's a little simplistic in terms of mechanics, but it makes up for it with a very solid difficulty curve without being extremely harsh."
76561198029314005,Recommended,218410,13874742,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Prof. Chaos,Great Game!!!
76561198185862177,Recommended,218410,15405704,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Maruchi Okami,"I had this game prior to joining Steam, and I have enjoyed it tremendously since then, but my hard drive got scratched and I lost a lot of games.  Now that I have Steam, I added this game to the wishlist, and later bought the game.  I do not regret paying again for a game.  Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten is worth rebuying.  Rating scales 5/5, 10/10, 100, thumbs up, and recommended."
76561198128933954,Recommended,218410,11201246,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,SignificantOtter,This game is so awesome. I just got done playing a binge of horror games and wanted to play something a little less mind numbing/stressfull and play something more stimulating and... not stressfull game. And it's subtly humorous :D
,Recommended,218410,13582533,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mojo,"Both the gameplay and story are fairly good and would be able to hold their own, but together, it becomes something else. Something awesome. The whole is definately more than the sum of the two parts.+ Well written story, very tight, no plotholes+ Strong characters, that despite fitting into their archetypes, are not cliches+ Suprisingly hilarious humor+ adjustable grinding (despite grinding being a staple of RPGs, it's nice that you can skip over it)+ useful units. No unit feels useless, they all have their part to play.+ New Game+ has a ton of new content, both story and gameplay that can set you up for hours more- The cut scene art takes a little getting used toOnce in game, read the directions and tips. They are actually very helpful."
,Recommended,218410,14027286,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,NaU.Kaizerblade,A good tower defense with rpg aspects
,Recommended,218410,8870691,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Redtide1982,"This is a fun tower defense with good replay value and an interesting, humorous story. The characters are interesting and varied and the gameplay is top notch with a lot of options."
76561198007466723,Recommended,218410,2446868,"Posted: 12 November, 2012",all,Druss,Great tower defense with RPG elements!
,Recommended,218410,21847,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,PetriZide,I cant stop playing this..OH GOD I CAN'T STOP PLAYING THIS.. HELP ME!
,Recommended,218410,430584,"Posted: 10 November, 2012",all,Lars,"Very addictive story driven tower defence game.  Defenders (towers, if you will), are named, geared and levelled up complete with talent trees to fight off the undead.  Graphics are poor, story is decent but also very humorous, the music is pretty catchy and also included for own listening with purchase, but most importantly the tower defending is genious and very, very rewarding.  Comes with new game++ modes and separate challenge missions promising a stupid amount of hours of game time."
,Recommended,218410,28362724,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,pTg389,"Plot-based tower defense game. Multiple levels of difficulty (play through just for story, or repeat for perfection!). Pretty decent writing of the characters, interesting plot, some fun mechanics in the fights. Beat it in about six hours, but worth the price. 8/10, would recommend for a short gaming spree."
,Recommended,218410,14237175,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Celisasu,Don't let the simple graphics fool you.  This is an excellent game and tons of fun.  You can go through the basic game and story easily and if you want challenge try and get all the perfects and then there's New Game+.  If you enjoy tower defense games this one is a must buy for your collection.
,Recommended,218410,593138,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Oregono,"One of the best tower defense games I have ever played. Seriously. It is really excellent. The game is pretty grindy, but it allows you to set how quickly you gain XP and such via menu, so you can play how you want.  Lots of depth with available skills, character classes, character upgrades, and items.  Buy this game. The developers absolutley deserve your money."
76561198090739704,Recommended,218410,21518446,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pyropenguin,"The first hour or so I couldn't decide if i liked it or not and was wodering why it had such a high positive review. But now I've put in 11 hours and can safely say it's deserving of praise. I have always loved TD's and have been playing them since way back in the WC3 BNET days. In that regards it doesn't play any different than any other TD. However, the leveling up aspect is fun. Adds a grinding element which forces you to play several levels multiple times. Which gives you the opportunity to try out new strats to keep things fresh. Has plenty of replay value and for the first time in a while i feel the desire to grind out the achievements. The story line is alright: has several funny moments but isn't amazing. I do like the concept of a story TD and this pulls it off well. It's pretty awesome, I won't lie, and I personally believe it to be worth full price. 10/10"
76561197979649595,Recommended,218410,8951422,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dubsack,Fun! Grab this for 1.50!!
,Recommended,218410,16611218,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hattori Hanzo,"Great game! The strategy theme is simple yet impressive for such a seemingly insignificiant game. The 6 classes are  reasonably balanced but the ice mage seems slightly over powered. And it gets slightly monotenous once you have all classes full and a lvl 40 librarian but don't let that ruin the fun! Highly recommend this fun little game! 9.5/10""I can't help feeling I'm not awesome enough!"""
,Recommended,218410,24073135,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,-NLG-Bancheis,"Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten is an RPG/Tower Defense hybrid. At first, wasn't sure how well the genres would mix. Now, I can say they mix well, at least for this game. It reminds me a lot of Shining Force meets tower defense with realtime combat. The storyline is great, and not overbearing. I enjoyed reading the cutscenes quite a bit. Good sense of humor put into the game as well. I have not beat it yet, so this is based on what I have seen a few hours in.Positives- Great writing/story. Enough character development to understand the story and the role you play in it. At the same time, not necessary if you just want to skip to the tower defense part (though it is worth reading, I assure you).- Decent variety of tower/class types to choose from. You can choose if you want to specialize in a particular type of defender rather than being forced to use them all. Like most tower defense games, you will want some variety though.- Many quality of life features such as individual settings to save for each defender, prompts asking if you want to place defenders in the same place as last time when repeating a map, quick sell options when upgrading equipment, dialogue skip buttons, and many more. The developers were very considerate of our time to include efficient options.- Good replay value. Can go back to the maps you have done before to grind or to try a more challenging version for better rewards.- Well composed music. The music assets are very fitting and relaxing. A great addition to an already entertaining game.- Very robust controls. Clear usable keyboard shortcuts for almost all functions. Many different time controls to slow down or speed up combat to a pace you are comfortable with. And of course, with the ability to pause.- Permanent gear and skill upgrades for the defenders. As opposed to many tower defense games, there are progression elements that will stick with your defenders between maps. Buying/earning better weapons that will stay with your defender until you upgrade helps this feel more RPGish. Skills can be retrained for a reasonable cost of in game coin.Negatives (To be honest, there are not many negative points for this game in my opinion)- Lacking in character customization. While I realize the game is telling a story, I would have liked the ability to choose the gender of the main character. Perhaps if the campaign is completed, there will be something after that for the end game. Not sure.- On the matter of customization, I would have liked to do more than just change the colors of the defenders. Hair styles, a few different faces, nothing major.- Not enough variety in character drawings. This one is a bit nit-picky, but I am struggling to find complaints :p The only time you really see the character drawings in a form that matters is in the cutscenes. The problem with that is the same stances and reaction drawings are recycled throughout the game. I would have liked to see a bit more unique drawings for varying situations.- While the music is a great asset to the game, it does not repeat or transition cleanly in some cases.- Some of the skill progressions at low level seem a little lackluster. For example, a 2% chance to bleed targets per hit feels a bit useless when many of these things die relatively quick. I would prefer either high chance or guaranteed trigger with low or weakened effects to balance it. Granted, I am sure these abilities work well on bosses and larger enemies.TL;DRA great game with a mix of RPG and Tower Defense elements. Excellent musical scores, and a good storyline to boot. Well worth picking up at full price or on sale. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,218410,783512,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,tolek1138,"A highly addictive and interesting and charming game.  I hate the retro graphics trend - but I love this game, so I suppose that says something!"
76561198076790391,Recommended,218410,24095537,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,karlos_figueiredo,"As a fan of the tower defense and rpg genres, i was very surprised to see a game that puts those great kind of games together to make a unique kind of adventure. I was surprised to see a revamped version of the game (graphics-wise). Now with this new DX edition it looks pretty nice too! 100% achievements reached! So yeah, it's well worth it!"
,Recommended,218410,23560315,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Feeeelx1,Good tower defense game. Has bonus missions in new game plus and a few features that makes it fun to keep playing too.
76561197994798823,Recommended,218410,23569495,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Hyrad,"A simple yet effective tower defense rpg hybrid. Overall the game offers an interesting challenge. My only peeve would be that it still gives your xp for failed missions to raise your heroes stats, making the strategic element more forgiving."
,Recommended,218410,23003495,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,choco9er,A fun take on tower defense. Amusing dialogue  throughout. A grind to upgrade towards the end of the game but still fun on the challenge difficulties.
76561198016424641,Recommended,218410,23570586,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Deo,+++
,Recommended,218410,23576743,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,MedKiT,Very addicted TD game
76561197975972498,Recommended,218410,23576837,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,baudros,"Awesome tower defense and it HAS A PLOT!  Also, funny.If you enjoy TD or have never played TD but are curious to try it, I highly recommend this game.Plus the devs recently release a free HD update ++devs."
76561198098456380,Recommended,218410,23613555,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Boonahoula,"A splendid tower defense game! I got this on sale (50% off) but would gladly pay full price for it. Humorous writing, enjoyable gameplay with some customization, and characters I actually like. Great game from a great developer. Probably the best TD game I've played. 10/10"
,Recommended,218410,23576337,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Aerensiniac,"Tower defense with rpg elements... that sounds... curious if not insane doesnt it? And yet if its possible at all to pull it off, defenders quest did it in a non cringeworthy, astonishing way.Personally, im greatly against mixing genres just in order to appeal more potential customer groups. More often than not, these crossovers result in shallow, trash experience. Yet from time to time, games like this one pop up where every part of the game is as its supposed to be, while at the same time, they still manage to blend perfectly.If for absolutely nothing else, you have to praise defender's quest for the execution. Its something that seeks its equal.If you are into tower def games. GET IT. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,218410,23569322,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mr. Beerscuit,"With the new DX Edition this game is even better! Well done, replaying the game again."
,Recommended,218410,23571583,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Ver,Funny combination of RPG and tower defense. Really enjoyable with great replayability.
76561198057626431,Recommended,218410,23560538,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,StarDust,"I have to admitted, I beated the game last year with new game + and all achievments, but when I just got the free Delux update, I was shocked that the dev team is still trying to make the game better !!! this is a good example for all dev teams and publishers!!!!well, before you buy you have to know that, this is a tower defence game, so bares all sickness of general TD game, got bored after long time play just like all other TD out there but that is the only con of this game, and its not something the dev can fixI didnt know this is a TD before I bought it, I got it with a huge sell with other games in cart and did even instal it for like 1 year or so, then when I start I was litttle regred that I bought another TD but after First 2 fights I was driven in the game with 12 hours game play nonstop!! it is much more fun than other TD I bought and surpringly goodfirst the con:Its a TD game....like I saidPro:1.a good game, worth every peni i spent just look my play time2. funny dialogs, some made me laugh and some made me want to write down and remeber, I believe the dev are english as second languge but the translated this game really well3.free update, and new game ++, i think I gona try it again for this game now4. game play just as good as any TD out there, if you are interested in TD then this game is solid choice without doubt, even someone who got sicked with TD can enjoy it, not to mention those who liked it"
76561198016992160,Recommended,218410,23574422,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Vexov,"A solid TD game with great (IMO) characters and story that has me wanting more.They have another game coming out. Perhaps tis out already and the rock i live under was blocking vision to the heavens which it could only come from (sorry, i just watch the HD trailers).It deserves only positive feedback. It will be most enjoyed again in HD."
,Recommended,218410,23004020,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Igor M,"A very interesting and well-crafted TD. Makes you think really hard in order to solve the levels. Good for passing some time when you don't want to play a big game or just want to stare at some old-school visuals. I don't suppose one can really fall in love with such a modest game, but it fulfils its promise very well."
,Recommended,218410,23614490,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Dr Girlfriend,"Fun game, nice artwork, and now it has a free upgrade! (The DX update!)Playing since August 2013.The game actually has an interesting storyline, although admittedly I havent finished as of now. It has a degree of difficulty that I've come to enjoy in my tower defense games, IMO most of them are too easy!Why not give it a try, $15 isn't much for such quality.And guess what, it's on sale until the 23rd (June 2016)!"
,Recommended,218410,23697117,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,AvenDoram,What's wrong with Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten? The boss music could loop better. That's all I got.
76561198024687703,Recommended,218410,23657389,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Superwurst,Balanced Towerdefense with an entertaining Story and lovely character design.5/7 would buy again.
76561198026716879,Recommended,218410,23665540,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,HyperTeng,"Good game but will eventually get bored. Just wanted to finished the game and go via normal difficulty.After finishing, there is a NEW GAME+ where new and stronger monsters to fight."
76561198309945013,Recommended,218410,23646960,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,mephiss,"Fun but I recommand legacy version, There is so many bugs in New-version"
76561198048109688,Recommended,218410,23695875,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,rockin_rex,"well done ..I've played this a few times, good playability...not impossible..actually fun...keep up the good work!!"
,Recommended,218410,24299854,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sarah Hawke,"Tower defense game with a bit of an okay story, you could do a lot worse."
76561198057770584,Recommended,218410,24371752,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Helldragon,A fun little combination of RPG and tower defence with a not too bad story and setting. Definite buy in a sale.
,Recommended,218410,24382689,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,sasuke619675,"Fantastic game, not sure how I avoided this for so long."
76561198032120930,Recommended,218410,24401875,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,myGuy080,Fun game. I keep coming back for more so I can finish the quests.
76561198009690561,Recommended,218410,23660920,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Da Wuzz,Awesome!
76561198087110666,Recommended,218410,24244676,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,angilif27,"I really enjoy tower defence games when they are done right (sol survivor). This was totally retro, full of witty humor, a decent story line and enjoyable characters. I played the pre-HD version and liked the ""ghetto style"" animations. The HD update made the game so buggy! I know they have made some updates, but not played it since.If they fix the bugs (bad ghouls going off the screen/game stopping for no reason), then I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,218410,1212335,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,FitzKrederino,"You want a very original Tower Defense game? Buy this! I'm not even done with the Game + of the game, even after more than 14 hours of pure awesomeness."
,Recommended,218410,2569971,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,truthd,"Fun little tower defense game, with an RPG twist. Offers some nice challenges with higher difficulties."
,Recommended,218410,3090095,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,Celvian,"A good tower defence, reminded me a little of Puzzle Quest only with TD insted of matc three. The story has characters with personality wich made it more enjoyable."
76561198000942568,Recommended,218410,13379012,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Noetherian,"Gameplay is a great and obviously, that is what keeps me playing this game.However, the banter between the characters is a ton of fun. I recently went back and re-started the game while I wait for Defender's Quest 2, and the character dialog was better than I remembered. Tons of fun, I particularly like the Berserker character :->"
,Recommended,218410,12934242,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Nerin,"At first glance, this is a decent TD.Each map has dificulty scaling from brain-dead-easy to challenging-enough-to-keep-you-on-your-toes all the way to so-hard-you-will-have-to-come-back-once-you-have-leveled-up-more.The story is more engaging than many RPGs and shows great humor.The achievements are a decent mix of ""collect as you go"" and ""work hard to get this"".The upgrading and customization of your ""towers"" adds a lot of strategic depth which is only hightened by the weapons and armor you buy/upgrade.And then you finish the game and find out that there are achievements to play with just the story dependant heroes (Hero Mode). And the challenge increases by a factor of 7.And then you finish the game doing Hero Mode and find out about New Game +That's where the game really shines. Because not only is there a whole lot more story, greater challenge in all the previous maps, more achievements AND extra maps... there is also Hero Mode +And then there are all the bonus maps...The game is bursting with content, oozing challenge out of every pixel and spurting out humor.No. Don't wait for a sale. This is not a game you MIGHT want, it is a game you can't NOT have.PS: There is also a sequel coming. Oh, and a free HD version for everyone who has the game.These are the kinds of devs you support. Do it."
,Recommended,218410,15549466,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Doofmaster,"This is a tower defense/RPG hybrid where your towers and home base are all characters that level up between battles, giving you points to spend on stats and extra abilities. No tower mazing is involved, and there are enemies that can attack your towers, necessitating armor, dodge, and healing abilities in addition to strong damage output, slowing attacks, buffs, debuffs, and knockback. Defender's Quest succeeds in blending tower defense and RPG gameplay thanks to strong design on many levels.pros:+ core gameplay is fun -- character and enemy design are good and placing/upgrading your characters always feels strategic+ excellent balance and tuning with multiple difficulty settings+ the interface is intuitive and well-designed+ there is a good amount of content in the game+ graphics may not be fancy, but they're attractive enough and nothing is an eyesore+ good soundtrack and SFX, although more length and variety in level music would be nice+ somewhat engaging but not overly distracting story with effective world-buildingcons:- weak customization: although there are many global spells and character upgrades to choose from, there's rarely more than one viable choice for top effectiveness.- the comedy in the game, while quite funny in its own right, is very silly and can clash with the dramatic aspects of the writing, hurting immersion and undercutting character development (looking at you Slak)Overall, this game is a real gem and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,218410,9568356,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Gonchito,"I bought this one because I remember playing it as a website's free flash game and I had very good memories of it.This game makes a perfect mix between Tower Defense (something I love) and RPG (which is a 'meh' to me). Defender's Quest may look like a 10 minutes casual game but it's not. It has an incredibly long story and it's full of challenges. You have a great control over difficulty in this game as each stage has 4 levels of difficulty, which also makes this game very replayable, as you'll need future gained strength to beat the 4th level of past stages.Despite of my lack of interest in RPG, the mix with Tower Defense is so good and balanced that I really enjoyed that part. You can have your very own and custom gameplay, as you plan your own team, choose how they evolve and choose the gear they equip.Defender's Quest is a great tactical game, it gives you a lot of freedom to test different strategies and it can give you different gameplay experiences based on your own choices and it doesn't get repetitive, something that is easily found in any other Tower Defense game.Gonchito approves this! (Yeah, I'm so great that I speak about me in third person)."
76561198007375452,Recommended,218410,13904145,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Roman Torchwick,"Tower defense meets RPG.  Somehow it works really, really well.Worth noting that I usually hate tower defense games.  I think I got this as part of a Humble Bundle or something and only installed it when I was really bored one night and suffering from insomnia.  It made my night a whole lot better.  Characters of different classes replace what would normally be different defense turrets in other games, but you level them up individually with a skill tree unique to each class.  These unlocked skills and stats stay between maps, so you might have one archer set up for fantastic range while you set another one up for massive damage and a third for rate of fire.  This keeps the game interesting.  Also, none of the maps feel impossible to achieve a perfect on, as long as you're strategic and patient.  There's also a New Game + mode.  In retrospect, I'd be willing to have spent full price on this.EDIT:I went back and played through this game over the last couple of weeks and realized how good of a story it has.  The game manages to mix serious and humorous very well.  The writing is better than most games that cost five times as much.  I even pre-purchased the sequel directly from the developer because of how much I enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,218410,15100479,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Daveed93,Super-fun mix of tower defense and RPG. HD upgrade and sequel on the way!
,Recommended,218410,13799396,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,RichSz,5/5
76561198040887431,Recommended,218410,14474580,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,impreza7,"Two hundred and how many hours so far?   Yeah, it might be the best TD game ever.   Runs perfectly on my mid level rig."
,Recommended,218410,13971813,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Moebius JD,"An excellent tower defense game that's very fun to play. The story is engrossing and well written and it has a nice difficulty curve. It also sports the best new game + modes I've ever played. I plan to buy the sequel to this day 1, and I plan to play the awesome free HD update that this game is getting from beggining to end.I'm hard pressed to think of any part about this game I didn't like. It can be a bit grindy but that's only if you decide you want to try to beat all of the difficulties in 1 sitting. For those of you who like to slap a game into hardmode from the getgo I guess I'd advise you to stay away because hard mode will kick you in the nuts, light you on fire, and then throw you out the window unless your characters are ready for it.Great game from an awesome indie dev team. Well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,218410,11698304,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Dr. Nebsterio,"There are tower defense games, and then there is this game.  Typical tower defenses are simple romps through forgettable waves and stages but when you attach a fleshed out game with a complete story and your standard RPG elements, you find yourself enjoying this one.  It's also not too heavy on the system requirements so I can play it perfectly on my tablet, in bed, with a cup of tea, a few candles going, and the roommates upstairs having sex."
76561197992557789,Recommended,218410,13220899,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,s2adowhawk,Thoroughly enjoyable.  This is a very welcome addition to the tower defense genre.  I desperately hope they do a sequel.  This is an approach that deserves further exploration.
,Recommended,218410,8850634,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Edrondol,"Paid $1.50 for this game on a Steam sale. Best. Purchase. Ever!I like tower defense games, but they get to be very boring. This one goes incrementally and just gets more challenging. Want more of a challenge? Crank up the fights. Want less? Go casual.The dialogue is fun, the game doesn't take itself seriously, and it's a hell of a lot of fun."
,Recommended,218410,22749962,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Zear,"I wanted a good, simple tower defense game, and that's what I got.  With witty dialogue to back it up, this is a fun game that doesn't require any major time investment."
,Recommended,218410,23465183,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,limith,Accessibility option feature is absolute genius. Too few games have this and more need to consider it for gamers who are no longer in school and no longer have the free time to grind endlessly.
76561198021271675,Recommended,218410,23607207,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,GuruGurra,So glad I had my butt stapled to the seat and my clothes already off before I started playing the Deluxe Update or that would have been weird! Can't wait to really get into the crap sandwich! :D5/7
76561198030693229,Recommended,218410,23560669,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,chadandbrandyjohnson,It's a tower defense game with RPG mechanics.  It's got an HD update that's free and actually makes a huge difference in the game's look.  Every second you spend reading this review is a second you could've been playing this game.  Stop reading and buy this game!  Did you buy it yet?  Why are you still reading?  Go!  Buy!  Play!
,Recommended,218410,8803706,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Midnight,"One of the best, if not the best, Tower Defense I've played."
76561197973366094,Recommended,218410,23546104,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Skunktaur,"A fun little game I haven't played in a while. Has some level-grinding, but it's a different take on the ""tower defense"" concept because your defensive structures are named characters with equipment, who stand there slashing/shooting/casting in a cooperative effort."
,Recommended,218410,2158431,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,[Narghile],"Нормальный такой средний проходняк. Пройти было интересно, но вот для сбора 100% всего как то не дотягивает. Все бои какие-то сильно мясные и решает тут то, на сколько ты вкачал свою команду. Не получается пройти уровень? Иди пофарми предыдущие миссии и все путем. А я хотел челендж аля FTL, где пришлось бы подумать над вреной тактитикой :("
,Recommended,218410,23639150,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,RedMage,"I love this game. Bought it a few Christmas's ago and beat it in a single weekend. Almost 12 hours of gameplay in two nights. Fantastic game. If you like tower defense games, RPGs or tower-defense-RPGs, then you should most definitely buy this game."
,Recommended,218410,9782057,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Azler Wilder,"Extremely entertaining, surprisingly customizable, and good difficulty curve, recommend to anyone who likes Tower Defense games and wishes they had better plots or characters."
,Recommended,218410,14001856,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Fluffy Bunny Badass,"This game is super fun, super cool, and has a really chill company that is STILL listening to feedback for a three year old game. DFQ2 is in the works, and they're working on re-releasing DFQ1 on the same engine that #2's gonna be on, BUT IN GLORIOUS HD. also this game features a female lead, really cool post-apocalyptic/plague-time setting, has TONS of silliness and laughs yet manages not to downplay the reallyuncool villainous stufffor comedic effect. Definitely recommmend!"
,Recommended,218410,23617820,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ArtemusGintry,"Ironic that I bought this on a wim, I played this all the way close to the end (windows 8 crash prevented me from finishing it and I lost all my data somehow.) great game and great humor.Also on a side note, I appreciate Devs that go out and give upgrades to existing customers. the angst fromStreet fighter 4 and MvC 3 ultra editions still burns me to this day."
,Recommended,218410,23564222,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Elex,Fun game with great developer support.
,Recommended,218410,23625250,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Cali,AWESOMENESS NOW DELUXIFIED! GET IT!! GET IT NOW!!!
76561198035182399,Recommended,218410,7912818,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Cytos of Cytos Inc,"this game has bad artthe rest is AWESOME. story is good. gameplay is solid.if i were to describe the gameplay its something like an rpg, except the combat has been replaced by tower-defence. each character you meet that joins your army can be placed down on the map, then it will attack with whichever move is off cooldown at the time. it speaks for itself that you have to place these ""towers"" in an tactical superior way, so they help each other kill the revenants (zombie type mobs with a variety of mechanics such as, but not limited to, attacking back, being able to swim,..).RPG:despite this being part rpg this does not contain any ""choice"" as regards to storyline (except maybe 1, though its very clear which one is superior). you do get to pick traits out of trait trees and make every character unique in its fighting style. also you can equip all your characters with weapons and armor (except the last kind, though you will understand when you get there). different weapons do no have different boons, the more expensive ones simply do more damage. same goes for armor, the more money it costs the more defense it gives. the customizability is in the trait system, definitely not the equipment system.tower defense:each tower is unique, and at the end of every match you get xp and perhaps a trait point (lvl up) to decide how you want to build it. you can improve your tower during the match though, with the match currency called spi, this will give him/her access to more moves. you can not block paths, or build any kind of obstruction to make the mobs change course. this is one of the tower defense mechanics that is missing (can't have it all).overall i would have gladly payed the full price for this game. it took me 20 hours to finish one playthrough 100%, and a short dabble in the new game+ feature. that is less then 1 euro per hour.played it on a windows 7 ultimate laptop, 3.3Ghz, 8GB ram, 3GB nvidia gpu with only 2 crashes, and very rarely some fps drop."
76561198054968623,Recommended,218410,7966509,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,vilefomori,"If you love tower defence game, you will not regret picking this one up.So ok yes it only has fixed path maps, but it just does them so well, and with the character skill trees it really does vary it up just enough. The game does have a few problems imo but honestly I didnt even really notice them till I was well into new game + cause I was having such a great time with it.So yes the skill trees could have been mapped diffrently, yes there could have been more map variety, yes weapons & armor were really really vanilla, yes there was soooooo much room for spell variety, yes there was so much more dialog and story your left wanting in the end. But in spite of these flaws the game completly shines over them. And to me did it in an endearing, charming way that really made me fall in love with it. It really left me just wanting more of it (which made me squee when I heard there making a DQ2)But at $15 us it would have been worth every penny, let alone the $5 I got it for. I just cant recomend this one enough for td fans. I will even go so far as to say its a must have for td buffs."
76561197983806804,Recommended,218410,8152766,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,hitmanash,"Great tower defense game.Unlike most out there, it's balanced from start to finish, it entertaning both in terms of gameplay and the story, and it's a great play on a business laptop as the graphics are pretty ancient.  Yet quaint.Can't wait for the next one."
76561197971368628,Recommended,218410,8540033,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,[TYP] Kerterp the Bearded Waifu,"One of my favorite games!  Easy, fun, and rewarding.  A good mix of rpg and tower defence."
76561197969628949,Recommended,218410,8736712,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,ImAGodDmnDragn,"This is a great tower defense game with lots or RPG elements included.  Instead of towers, you have heroes you position along a path to defend your leader.  As these heroes fight, they level up and can be built into different styles of tower depending on the skills you take.Pros- Lots of good tower defense gameplay- Lots of well done RPG elements so you can modify each hero and personalize your play style- Good story and interesting characters- Lots of great items to equip to make your heroes (towers) even more effective- The game rewards replay of older levels on higher difficulties by giving your heroes (towers) more experience and the ability to unlock special items- Lots of replay value with all the difficulty levels and all the things that can be unlocked.- Challenging maps that sometimes require you to think outside your normal setups.Cons- Older graphics- Gameplay can be repetative if you're just interested in the storyOverall this is a great game that I would highly recommend to an RPG or tower defense enthusiast. The game gives you the option of both relaxed gameplay and very challening maps if you want them.  (It also rewards your party for completing said maps.)"
,Recommended,218410,8577713,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Fohmyn,"Fun little tower defense game where you buy and collect heroes that behave as towers, level them up, and increase their abilities. It has a storyline that's pretty entertaining and lots of little extra stuff thrown in to make it so you want to beat levels in certain ways. It doesn't cost much and I played the whole thing through, got about 20 hours out of it.Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,218410,7754186,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Sinred,"Love the story! And the characters are lovely, fun to listen to and you simply want to continue the story to hear them talking and knowing what hapends in the story"
,Recommended,218410,1727056,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Grognard_87,"A very fun tower-defence game with quite a interesting story. I enjoyed my time playing it and I am sure anyone would have fun with it too. You end up surviving a plague and finding that the plague is far more dangerous than first imagined and is under the control of somekind of being that is raising those who fall to the plague as undead and using them in a unkillable army.i won't give anymore away, but it is quite a fascinating world they've created. Certainly not award winning designs on the drawings, but certainly is a lot of fun to play."
76561198022453677,Recommended,218410,23672554,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Kasaris,"The Deluxe Edition is a real candy. The legacy version was already great, this one is even better <3"
,Recommended,218410,12690362,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Mazed Mouse,"This is one of the few tower defense games that has made me care about my towers, as a character. It can seems like a fairly easy TD at first but once you enter new game plus, battles can be brutal. Though with new game plus also comes a log that gives a slightly more relaxed, and hilarous, look at the characters."
,Recommended,218410,23714947,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Darkshadows,"This game was amazing back when I first got it for cheap cheap from a Steam coupon. I saw it was a tower defense game, and I said to myself, ""This is only a few bucks, I'll try it out."" Oh my, I didn't know how much I would love this game.Defender's Quest is a tower defense game with RPG elements, mainly experience points, skill trees, and a good story inbetween the gameplay. It the game has humor, which is rather welcome. The gameplay is where this game really shines.This is simply the best tower defense game I've ever played. You may have played a tower defense game before, but you haven't played Defender's Quest. It has a lot of depth to its gameplay, it has a very intuitive UI and an unobtrusive tutorial that is very helpful. Tutorial can be turned off entirely in the options, if you really want to. While you're at it, you can increase the experience and gold you get from the game to make it easier, or crash it into the ground and make the game harder. The music fits the game's atmosphere perfectly. I haven't even mentioned that you can mod every aspect of this game yet. Go look in the workshop; the creators of the game made a free sci-fi version of the game just to show you how much flexibility there is in regular modding.Everything I've mentioned was made better with the recent update. I recommend this game wholeheartedly. 10/10."
76561197961219193,Recommended,218410,13442269,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,CloakedStarship,"Best Tower Defence game I've played in a very long time, better than defence grid.  The RPG elements add a level of depth and strategy that most other TD games can't match.  Comedic writing for a novel storyline."
,Recommended,218410,13412480,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Capybaron,"Fun, solid tower defense with enough new mechanics to make it fresh and a surprisingly good storyline."
,Recommended,218410,3833727,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,MyMy,The only tower defense game I've finished.
,Recommended,218410,23563767,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Messy,Bought this just because of the hilarious trailer.  Bravo.
76561197962611703,Recommended,218410,7603813,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Mil'Bereth,"This is a super addictive tower defense game.  Take on the role of a Librarian who is thought to contract the plague and tossed into ""the pit"" a canyon seperated from the rest of civilization where plague victims spend the rest of their days.  She takes on a mysterious power that allowes her and people she connects to mentally the ability to completely destroy the undead revenant that the plague victims become.  Like other tower defense games you need to protect the goal from hordes of invading enemies with units or towers that you place along the pathways to destroy the enemies.  However, unlike other games, this one has a story, and your characters stay with you, level up and grow along side your main unit.  This game comes complete with mod support from the devs so that you can change things in a seperate module as you like if you want a more/less challenging playthrough, as well as letting you change character designs and spell effects. 8/10 will play again."
76561198046062773,Recommended,218410,13493886,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,dracoxero,"This game brought back refreshing memories of old school tower defence games I used to play. Unfortunately once you play a few tower defence games it seems like you have played them all. However, Defender's Quest is unlike all those other games with its humour and fantastic story to boot. I had laughed so hard at some of the comments between the characters when they interacted that I had to explain to my friends what I was laughing at. The game itself plays very well. It is not terribly difficult to beat the game, however new game + and the secrets hidden in the game are very difficult. Unfortunately it took a community of players to find all the secrets in the game, which isn't necessarily a bad thing if you like the challenge. If you are an achievement hunter this one will take some time and patience, or just some forum searching."
,Recommended,218410,12808592,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Squeak,"Really fun little strategic tower defense game with an awesome new game+ mode. Pretty good story and characters as well, great way to spend quite a bit of time."
,Recommended,218410,12959495,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,VanDamn,"Awesome combination of rogue-like, tower defense and RPG. High replay value, nice story, multiple endings."
,Recommended,218410,8903929,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,AndrewMan90,"This is a very nice little Tower Defense game that has very simple designs and a very neat story. It also has loads of great stuff for you to do even after you have beaten the game. All around, it is a great game."
,Not Recommended,218410,29226682,Posted: 13 January,all,madsny,"4/10i am properly a victim of ""the hype train"" on this title, but sadly it does not change the fact, that is was bored and quickly finding myself kiting level after level, skipping every cut-scene and just wanted the game to end. the graphics is what it is, the game mechanics is not bad, but for some reason, the game never caught my attention like titles such as; Gemcraft, Bloons, Kingdom rush etc. it may have been the hype train derailing my interest we'll never know :).that said, i think this is a love or hate title, so my advice would be, test it out and get a refund if you don't like it :)"
76561198037108662,Recommended,218410,13086144,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,13,"an amazing game, thou shalt get it."
,Recommended,218410,975611,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Fjordus,Excellent combination of tower defense strategy and old-school role playing.  This is a great game.
,Recommended,218410,18286971,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,eltee,"(9/10)Simple defense game in an already over-crowded genre, but man they executed it to perfection.  Retro 90's pixel art style, mixed with a ton of options and depth, mixed with a huge pile of scaling difficulty replay, mixed with a ton of clever scenarios and an overall mix of 'tower' people which allows alot of personalization and gives a ton of room for different play styles to all succeed.So, yeah, if you like defense games, just get it, play it, enjoy its quirky story and characters, but stay for the *almost* never ending replayability"
,Recommended,218410,11456007,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Ramon,The best TD i've ever seen. Nuff said.
76561198035809534,Recommended,218410,11960303,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Dromulus,"Great fun, good story, works well on ubuntu. It's been well worth the money."
76561197968960700,Recommended,218410,13729588,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Toiletpro,"I personally loved this game. It's tower defense genre mixed with a pretty decent story kept me chugging away through two play-throughs in a time where I hardly ever finish any game. Well worth it, especially on sale."
76561197993867907,Recommended,218410,18451421,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Brad Pitt,"You play asAzra, a librarian who's been plague-infected and thus thrown intothe Pit. This deep and vast place was supposed to be her graveyard but instead, on the brink of death she learns of her new powers and purpose.Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgottenis a tower defense mixed with RPG elements. It features a decent story spiced with funny dialogue between party members (unfortunately not voice acted). There's quite a few maps and the new game+ along with endless mode brings a whole lot of content to the table. It's also worth keeping in mind that the game gets really, really hard towards the end of the ng+ playthrough even with end game gear and abilities.Highly recommended for those who enjoy tower defenses."
,Recommended,218410,26957201,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Erbs,really good tower-defense game with rpg elements
,Recommended,218410,13191015,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Reese,This game has a lot of good stuff to the game the leveling is really unique and the story is actually pretty good! Tons of replay value to to get perfect runs on each stage! Really good game although it seems to randomly delete your save files every now and then.
76561198048457254,Recommended,218410,18631703,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,HOGGY_BUTTON,Fantastic game
,Recommended,218410,2786580,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Flowette,"This is an absolutely fantastic little game.Yes, it's tower defence. Yes, it's fantasy-ish. If either of those put you off, don't let it. This really is one of the best-executed games I've played this year.The difficulty curve is spot on, the ""feel"" of the game is a nice balance between OTT planning and casual tower placement, and the whole thing just hangs together very well. It's an asbolute gem.Greatly recommended. I love it."
76561198088808101,Recommended,218410,28765610,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tweedlebean,"Totally addicting. An interesting story, cute characters, and a comedic style that doesn't  annoy me. The rpg elements make it an absolute blast to play."
,Recommended,218410,16270984,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Suislide,"A great game from this publisher!  You are given heroes that you can upgrade that act as your towers and each set of heroes has a skill tree that you can perosonalize to a certain degree.  The game does feel a bit under polished and the graphics are dated, but it does not subtract from the core gameplay.  The first playthrough of the game is alot of fun and when you complete it there is an option for NEW game +.  When reaching the higher levels i found it a little monotonous to level up your heroes but not a huge issue.  I'm looking forward to Defender's quest 2."
76561198108162491,Recommended,218410,16586256,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,forsakenphoenix,"Pros+ Fun tower defense game with great gameplay+ Can adjust difficulty+ Amusing dialogue+ Can customize units+ New game + adds new features that provide replay valueCons- Graphics are unimpressive- Music is repetitive- Cut scenes look like they were made in MS Paint- If you want the achievements, you can't utilize the unit customizationOverall score: 8/10Defender's Quest is a great tower defense game for fans of the genre. It is the only tower defense game I can think of that has a decent plot, which I think adds to the game's charm. You can also adjust the game's difficulty without any penalty. (300% gold and EXP is very useful when you need to grind.) I also like how I can name and customize my units. So many tower defense games have you fill the screen with identical units, so it's nice to create an army of unique people.I'm not very picky when it comes to graphics, but I think the game could really use better graphics and music. It's not a deal-breaker, but it does take away from game to some extent. Also, I like playing for achievements, but some of the game's achievements prevent you from using one of using one of the game's best features; namely, you can't utilize the unit customization since recruitable units are not Hero Units. I think that's a disappointment, but this is only a problem if you actually care about achievements.Overall, Defender's Quest is a fun tower defense game that has lots of charm. If you enjoy tower defense games, I'd definitely recommend Defender's Quest for some classic tower defense gameplay."
,Recommended,218410,15330192,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,stabbyjones,I really began to lose interest as the sheer weight of the grind set in. Went from enjoyable to crushing very quickly.EDIT: This is because i was playing for achievements that don't let you expand the party from the default charachters. DON'T DO THAT. It sucks.
76561198041995956,Recommended,218410,9746502,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,bahamut66,"Don't be turned off by the graphics of this game.  It really is something special.  It's lane defense, pure and simple, but it does this so well, making it an rpg where all your towers can level up and improve through skill trees unique to them.  The graphics are a bit primitive, and the story cut scenes might turn some people off, but give it a chance.  The story is what sold me, as it's incredibly funny without having to go through the self aware brand of humor.  It's just really well written, with great jokes and comedic timing.  The gameplay is very satisfying and there's a lot of things to do, thanks to new game plus and challenge modes.  You can even tweak how fast your characters level in order to speed your game along.  I cannot recommend this enough because it's just fun and gives you so many options for play.  There's even an option to increase game speed to make those usually slow lane defense games super fast, for either convenience or increased difficulty.  Wonderful little title."
76561198185539566,Recommended,218410,19008886,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Tim Stryker,"A Diamond in the rough.  Out of all the crap games here on Steam, that look good & look promising...this game actualy delivers.  One of the rare gems of a game that gives you exactly what you would want & hope for from a game like this.Combining the tower defense & RPG qualities is done perfectly with a fairly balanced level up system & an excellent & fairly deep story line that gets you interested in the characters & the story & gives you hours & hours of tower defense + RPG goodness.  Even more hours if you are a completionest & want to redo the levels on the harder modes.  If you like this type of game, this is one of the few that really deliver & you cant go wrong with this game.  A solid 9.5/10."
76561198057208454,Recommended,218410,6012696,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Ssdd,9
76561197970933842,Recommended,218410,8861151,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,KaninKanon,"I have always found it really hard to get into the serious RPG game genre like ""Final Fantasy"" and ""Chrono trigger"", not because I dislike the hundreds of hours you have to put into it but the actual combat system have always been booring to me. It gets old way to fast and I get sick of it after a few hours, no matter the great story or character developement I never came back to those games. It was more of a pain and tedious grinding than fun and epic adventure.""Defender's Quest"" however kept me in my seat. It's basically an RPG mixed with tower defense, the best of both worlds if you ask me. I like everyone else play tower defense games because of it's gameplay, which is why this game is great. I took out the part that I hate in RPGs and replaced it with one of the most replayable gametypes that there is, which makes me wonder why no one have come up with this earlier.It seems that alot of games are jumping on the ""Mix RPG with other genres"" train which really makes me happy to see. This game is great from what I've seen so far and great for anyone who have always wanted to get into RPGs but been scared of due to the grindy and difficult gameplay. I have played ""Final Fantasy XIII"" and didn't know what the heck I was doing 15 hours into the game, it felt like a fancy pokemon without the fun. I'm currently only 6 hours in and feel comfortable already,Yes this game is hard and you will have to grind to get the best gear. However, each level has a difficulty setting like any mobile game, making it really easy if you want to speed through the story, still providing a challenge and bonuses for those willing to get them.I am currently only 6 hours in I cant wait to play more, I'm just hoping the game is as lengthy as an actual RPG, which if it isn't might be off putting. And it's worth noting that I only stopped played due to a game crash, it is the first time it has happened so I cannot say if it i a regular.Either way I do sincerely recommend this game, it is currently on sale, definitely worth it for the price tag, grab it now to save some cash."
,Recommended,218410,8856805,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Aiox,"I picked it up because it was 90% off....and 3.4 hours later I'm at Act IV, even if for some it may seem repetitive or easy, it's worth it, since the game makes you have to think about positioning and things like that, like most TD games. You can also equip items to your ""towers"" in order to make them stronger and there are also skills that improve them a lot, which as opposed to just upgrading the ""towers"" so they do more damage and things like that.I like these kind of games a lot, I would say since back when Warcraft III had that kind of deal going. I am sure there was in Starcraft, but I wasn't able to accessB.netat that time. For me the fact that it's an RPG/TD caught my attention, because I like RPGs and well, combining RPG with Tower Defense is no easy deal, right? (Can't say I have experience with something that has both, always have gone for one of the two.)10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,218410,8859066,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Headhoncho Burnside,"DEFENDER'S QUEST: VALLEY OF THE FORGOTTEN is really fun -- especially because you, the gamer, are given a TON of freedom to customize the game that YOU want to play.  This means -- you can play the original game and slowly level up at a normal pace, OR you can turn on the 300% bonus and level up super fast, blasting through your foes and the missions (with no negative consequences to the story or achievements). The ACHIEVEMENTS are fun to attain, even more so since you can craft the game that you want.  The TUTORIALS are spot on, easy to follow, and makes the gameplay very quick to learn and execute. The STORY and ILLUSTRATIONS are well done and add a lot to the game's enjoyment and depth. Better still is that DEFENDER'S QUEST is part of the Steam Trading Cards program. Definitely recommended gaming."
,Recommended,218410,8867844,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Neon Seraph,"Pretty decent tower defence, interesting story, and i enjoy the semi-persistant character/tower concept.The resolution is a bit funky, but it does adress it to a degree. Keys a re rebindable, both by several presets or do-it-yourself.Progression looks fairly balanced, though you will on occasion need to replay a previous level to buff up.I haven't delved into the workshop content yet, but that was an unexpected and welcome addition.I'd definately recommend it, and it appears they are working on a second one with a whole new story/world. keepin an eye out for that~"
,Recommended,218410,8851437,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Patchit,"Though it lacks the polish of presentation of a high-budget game, the mechanics are solid, the characters are funny, and ultimately, the game is a lot of fun.If you like tower defense games, with a few RPG elements peppered in, then this is a no-brainer (especially if it's on sale).Overall: 8/10"
76561198092330023,Recommended,218410,8851999,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Barto,9.9/10-.1 because i couldn't play as Shrek
,Recommended,218410,8848596,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Vaagur,"This game really surprised me, I thought it was gonna be yet another meh tower defense game, but it's way better. You can gear up your defenders, find amazing items by completing the previous levels on harder difficulty, level up and place skills points to each of your defenders, recruit, shop, etc...The cons: Not that many different enemy types (around 20 maybe?), pretty standard graphics, memory leaks and low fps issues (you have to restart the game each 2 hours or so if you don't want an eventual crash...)The replay value of the game is not the best, but completing the entire game with 4 stars on every levels will take you at least 20 hours. The game took me over 35 hours to get 100% achievements.Also the game has a very funny comic style story. I suggest getting this if you're into tower defense games and even if you're new to the genre!"
76561198022148603,Recommended,218410,8856841,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,grits207,Solid tower defense game with and RPG twist. It's currently on sale for only $1.49 and at that price it's an absolute steal.
76561198014931005,Recommended,218410,8209779,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Puzzlebox,"This game has all the trappings of a great tower defense game, plus a good storyline topped with a heaping tablespoon of humor (I'm looking at you Slak).10/10"
76561197980046433,Recommended,218410,7826162,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Kernel Mustafa,"Cheap, addictive, fun"
,Recommended,218410,7871485,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,LEMON CHICKEN (Tommy재성),I was searching pretty long for a good Tower Defense Game as there are plenty of bad examples but Defender's Quest became exactly the one I was searching for. In fact it's turning the Tower Defense Genre into a RPG. Also it's challenging and entertaining and it can't even get boring for a long period of time. Recommendable for sure. 8/10
,Recommended,218410,7904013,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Cruel Destiny,"Tower defense, RPG like elements... worthy challenge (via achievments). Had a blast playing!"
76561198020576701,Recommended,218410,8846750,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Cyn0sure,"Puzzle Quest (the original one, at least) was an excellent hybrid of a fantasy RPG and a ""Bejeweled"" puzzle game. Defender's Quest is an excellent hybrid of a fantasy RPG and a tower defense game. I found the RPG elements and the story/premise of DQ to be well incorporated into its tower defense game-play, perhaps even more so than it was in PQ's ""Bejeweled"" game-play. The artwork in PQ was a little better than it is DQ, but DQ's artwork is stylistically well implemented and is arranged organically, especially in the maps/stages. If you love RPG's and tower defense games, or even if you love one and merely like the other, this is a great game to get - especially when considering how cheap it's going for, on Steam."
,Recommended,218410,8850404,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,StarGaze,"This game is a brilliant tower defense game. You take a very active role in upgrading towers/people and using active powers. There is a robust upgrade system for your hero and each type of tower/role. The game has an EXCELLENT story with unusually distinct and interesting characters. As for longevity, there is a new game+ mode that adds new side quests involving a completely new story line! There is plenty of incentive to go back and replay levels at harder difficulties because the rewards are improved and there are different enemies, which can drastically change how a level plays. Seriously, this game is great value at full price and a steal if you ever see it on sale. If you like this genre, just buy it already!"
,Recommended,218410,8850746,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Titanium Fist,"I know there are a ton of tower defense games out there... and even a few that propose to add RPG-like elements.  Defender's quest is different, and different good.  The game strikes that perfect balance by replacing the ""towers"" with NPCs.  The difficulty ramp-up is near perfect for a game and gives you as much challenge as you want without subjecting you to any levels where you fall off a difficulty cliff.  If something's just a little too hard, or you're trying to get a better result?  Level up your guys or buy them beter equipment.Yes, the game runs at a fixed resolution and no, the cutscenes (which tell an engrossing tale) are done with limited animation, but that's really OK.   The limitations don't detract from the game and you can tell all of the love and time and effort went into perfecting gameplay and giving you plenty of it.If you're lukewarm on tower defense because you don't like the repetition, this game's for you.  If you're a die-hard TD fanatic, this game's for you.  Accessible, perfect ramp-up, plenty of content, and a story.  Definitely this game is one to get."
76561197998220889,Recommended,218410,8854356,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,msdin2002,Runs surprisingly well under linux for an adobe air game. Also mega fun times for rpg/tower defense fans.
76561197983677616,Recommended,218410,984391,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,chrono_cross_maniac,"This is one of my favourite tower defense games to date. Having your ""towers"" be unique characters that individually equip items and level up adds a surprising amount of depth and customization to the game. It seems so simple, but it's a huge improvement over the generic towers of most games in the tower defense genre.Also, the game does a really good job of letting players dictate how difficult they want the game to be, and provides a good number of incentives to replay levels at harder difficulties (including powerful unique items). More games need to learn from this; let players decide how they want to play!Add to that terrific targeting options for towers, fast-paced gameplay, steam workshop support, and even some nice music, and I am very impressed by this game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,218410,7947696,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,el chismo,Extremely worthwhile
76561197973129601,Recommended,218410,8846200,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,StefanWB,"Defender's Quest starts off as a pretty simple tower defence game with a goofy fantasy story and basic presentation, but then you start getting deeper into the game, unlock all the character classes and upgrade your characters more, and you find that there is actually a ton of depth and playability here. What's more, it never loses its intuitive and elegant design as it becomes more mechanically complex, and the game does a fine job of presenting you with a tough challenge but essentially giving you all the tools you need to overcome said challenge. Success is not determined simply by grinding to level up your characters, but rather by finding a way to better manage your resources until you find the optimal way to succeed.This was one of my sleeper hits from 2013, and it's one of my favourite tower defence games on Steam, up there with Defence Grid: The Awakening and Plants vs. Zombies. It's a great starter tower defence game and introduces less experienced players to its mechanics in a very manageable way, but it also provides the depth and strategy that you just won't get from most of the free flash-based TD games you can find online. It's a fresh take on the genre and its very well executed...just don't expect to be too engaged by the cutscenes and character interactions that break up the combat missions. They're occasionally funny, but often rote and unnecessarily long. But that's just about my only criticism of the game - everything else is rock-solid."
,Recommended,218410,8845469,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Like A Metaphor,"One of the most smartly designed and approachable games I've played in a long while. The RPG nerd in me adores the gear, the leveling, and the ability to eliminate (or require) grind; the tower defense fan in me loves the well-designed stages and interesting units that enable fun strategies. Its characters are fun, memorable, and well-written into an enjoyable narrative. Definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,218410,31080410,Posted: 11 April,all,Tyquaza,"Really liked the design of the MC. She doesn't have any scars so she kinda stands out. Story was good, really liked the dragon and knight. If you like TD games you won't regret buying it."
76561197970914785,Recommended,218410,31516570,Posted: 2 May,all,Meridak,"One of, if not the best tower defense game ever made. Only Defense Grid 1/2 are of this quality. Yeah it's that good."
,Recommended,218410,30626408,Posted: 19 March,all,Telnik,A great twist on tower defense with heroes instead of towers. They level up and all have their own abilities. Lots of fun.
76561198057682542,Recommended,218410,23589359,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Primus,There is Zambos
,Recommended,218410,12538056,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,27Bstroke6,Tower defence RPG with a Zak McCracken / G-rated Tom Sharpe sense of humour and lovingly piled together pixels.  Play it.
,Recommended,218410,564968,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,[GWJ] Unicycles,"It's a rare genre mix that works incredibly well, Defender's quest takes the best parts of RPG and Tower Defense and serves it up with a great sense of humour. Easily a game I could recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,218410,4637148,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Urfarah,"Pretty good game with nice tower defense mechanics that make use of classic RPG elements, bitterly funny characters (especially Wrenna), good music and an unexpectedly good story (especially the bits about Tetl-Meztli and Eztli-Tenoch revealed in NG+). It's gameplay is refreshingly, sometimes maddeningly (NG+ Hero Mode), challenging.EDIT: This game is so good that I've created a Steam award, during 2016's Steam Autumn Sale, for it called ""DELUXIFIED!"". Because some good games are truly made epic by upgrades. Have you managed to improved what was already great? DELUXIFIED!"
,Recommended,218410,13497233,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Brawndo,"Almost left after a few minutes because of the graphics not scaling, but I gave it a shot, ended up playing 12 hours straight.  If you're a fan of Tower Defense and RPG's, this one an hybrid. It's not complex but managing to complete the challenges on ""Extreme"" is fun.    This is a little gem of a game."
,Recommended,218410,12170536,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,FridayBiology,"Very cool game, great for 5 minute gaming or just as something fun.Remember fun games, well this is one of them. Very cool humour.No downsides to this game except that the modding community haveadded mechianics to make the game easier to win."
,Recommended,218410,23986171,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Paradise Decay,"This video features a non-biased quick look @ the game only!Thank you for watching:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ck5quJT-skA superb tower defense adventure!Game Details:Defender's Quest is a Tower-Defense/RPG Hybrid tightly focuses on three things: tactical depth, customization, and story."
76561198114125578,Recommended,218410,8926225,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,RockyBalbroa,As a person who started his TD career in WC2/SC i'd say this is some of the most fun I have had playing a tower defense game. Instead of using Towers you call forth allies to your astral plane (Current Map) to help defend yourself from Revenent's (The bad guys).There are several different Allies to choose from and each ally can be specifically tailored for any given purpose. There is a suprising amount of depth involved in deciding where to place your unused talent points. Each character is Namable and has cosmetic customizable options. Naming a Character after yourself makes you want to use that character which is alot of fun to role play. If your into that sort of thing.The town's have places to recruit new allies and buy new weapon and armor.The map plays out alot like Mario World or the equivalent and you can go back and beat older levels on harder diff's to get better gear and level. There is also a storyline written by some type of Wrinting/English major and the writing isn't too terrible. Some if it will give you a laugh and some will just make you scratch your head. But all in all this game is a lot of fun and is definitely worth the little money asked.-Casey
,Recommended,218410,1442807,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,*Rubs hands in Hebrew*,Worth 10bux or less it's actually pretty good and apparently has mods (i can't wait to replace everything with my little pony!!!!!)
76561198005224756,Recommended,218410,7857430,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Worldablaze,One of the alltime great tower defense games with HEAVY rpg like elements. A must have!
,Recommended,218410,731645,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Cyberdemon,"I love Tower Defender games and I love RPGs. ""Defender's Quest"" does a beautiful job of combining the two into a epic game! I recommend this game to fans of both games. Its easily a classic right up there with Plants vs. Zombies!"
,Recommended,218410,2506795,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,SinisterSlay,A very good mixture of RPG and tower defense.  Good story and writing bring this game to an A+.This game is worth the 15 dollar price tag.
,Recommended,218410,24107849,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,jeepee.12,The game is really fun so far and the developper are investing alot in the game :D
,Recommended,218410,16641453,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rex-Wil,"Very fun tower defense game were the ""towers"" are teamates you put in the line of the enemy. Has a decent story but the gameplay is much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,218410,8858165,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Ayuno,"Sometimes you're buying many games from a genre and you think you've played so far everything. But then you'll surprised with an another one, and this one will pull your socks out. And Defender's Quest is one of those games who are really, really rare. You'll do basically everything in Tower Defence style but with RPG elements. You're able to rename, equip, customize and love your squad. I've been waiting so long for a game like this. If you like TD and RPG games, this one is for you. It's very addictive BTW. It's on discount currently 90%. Buy it, enjoy it, love it."
,Recommended,218410,23147235,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Poe Noodles,I LOVE IT
76561197989382586,Recommended,218410,20116270,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ED_THE_WOLF_,"DQ is a great tower defense game. DQ is my second favorite TD game, after Pixel Junk Monsters."
76561197992702624,Recommended,218410,17923890,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,DLB0812,Good time killer.
,Recommended,218410,8846110,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,jjm319,"a fun tower defense game with rpg elements, easy to get into and play."
,Recommended,218410,30950561,Posted: 4 April,all,roflmonkey,This is the Soylent Green of tower defense games.THE TOWER ARE PEOPLE.
,Recommended,218410,6901551,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,dark.solitude,"Занятная оказалась игра, достаточно оригинальная Tower Defences.И сложность приличная, и сюжет не так уж плох, графика правда смешная.Не жалею о покупке."
76561198025536061,Recommended,218410,9218060,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Zer05,.
76561198045220531,Recommended,218410,23923797,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,pingviinituutti,"Let's be real here. I bought the game solely to support Lars Doucet's great blog post about [apparently cencored ""competing"" company >_>] on his Fortress of Doors website. That and the just-smug-enough trailer I was thrown with when I loaded the Steam page for the game. I don't really plan to play it. I mean who actually plays games they buy? I just like to support good and interesting games and devs with good policies and great minds.Pros:+ Deluxified off-screen nudity is much appreciated.Cons:- It was in summer sale when I bouth it.Definitely recommended! Sounds like a whale of a time. I wouldn't know.Cheers! I'm back to playing fighting games and Melee."
76561198076605749,Recommended,218410,9229302,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,mpzxw,よくあるタワーディフェンスです絵はＳＦＣとかＦＣ時代を彷彿させます仲間に入るキャラによって攻撃方法がかわるタイプです仲間に入るキャラは同タイプを先に雇っておく感じです一戦が短いので短時間何かするときの暇つぶしにはいいかもしれませんIt is a tower defense with a wellPicture is reminiscent of the era such as FC SFCIt is the type that method of attack is replaced by character entering the fellowCharacter entering the fellow is a feeling to keep hired before the same typeIt might be good to kill time when you do something for a short time one leg is shorter
76561198121422898,Recommended,218410,12321022,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,lagerbottoms,"RPG meets tower defense.  I had a great time with it, and I think I can't wait for the sequel.UPDATE:  This game gets even better with age.  The best tower defense game I have ever played, hands down.  I didn't even realize new game+ had so many added benefits.  The original game was fun enough, but new game+ opens up a whole new dimension to the game.  I'd go into further detail, but I really don't want to spoil it."
,Recommended,218410,12576362,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Aesir,Fun take on the tower defense genre.  Adding story elements that work make playing through a variety of level types a great pleasure.
,Recommended,218410,8845347,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Nari,"A very fun tower defense. Nothing really outright amazing about it as far as mechanics go, but if you have a desire for lane crushing minion building, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,218410,8873344,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Sugarlips,small game but fun guys. dont miss this!
76561197999413547,Recommended,218410,18809143,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,VAPE NATION VΛ,"Edit, update: apparently the graphics will be getting a *free* HD update, which is exactly what I felt was missing with this game. My recomendation is to WAIT for the free HD update before playing. Go ahead and buy it now if it is on sale.Counter review to all the fanboy hype for this game, as I just bought it on sale since it looked good and I needed something to play on my mac book.This is JUST any other tower defense game. Because every tower defence game has its own unique mechanics for upgrades. The only thing this game ""blends"" is RPG lore/tropes into tower defense as a theme. This is done in that you upgrade individual towers and each tower levels up on its own. That's it. The blend is just graphical, and it does that poorly because the graphics are poorly done. I don't want to be harsh because I want to give the indie devs the benefit of the doubt in that they couldn't aquire funding/talent for aethistics, but this is worse than a free flash game I could have played instead. Another problem which just elludes to really ameature/cheap UI development is that the game cannot go into fullscreen correctly. It just remains at 800x600 and the fullscreen option simply draws a giant black box on your monitor and centers teh 800x600 game. Why couldn't they have actually developed the UI before releasing it...? Not really a pleasing game to play, way better TD games imho. A game like ""Castaway Tower Defense"" has much better graphics/UI/visual-imersion than this for example and is free.As for the writing, it is cute but not good. Some of it is just wrong regarding vocabulary which is odd since one of the selling points was that it was ""actually written by an English Major"". For example,one of the bad guys loses his entire army and complains that his forces were decimated. Just bad and confusing writing, as the verb ""to decimate"" means to reduce by 10%. This is something that the Romans would do to their own troops to instill fear into them, to punish them, and to prevent rebellion. It is not something that would happen if you lose all of your army, that would be to have been obliterated or to annihilate."
76561198047374268,Recommended,218410,23596299,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,jorge.lizama,cant....... stop......playing.......wife.......is.......going.....to......divorce.....me
76561198044123410,Recommended,218410,12395311,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Torrusty,Right. Minecraft meets tower defender. Get the crew together and fight off the monsters like in Minecraft.
,Recommended,218410,11898439,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,admin potter,מסע המגנים: עמק של הנשכח
76561198075138125,Recommended,218410,26033531,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Redeemed,Great little Tower defence game with light RPG elements and cool story.
,Recommended,218410,23605122,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Arkan01d,One of my favorite all time tower defense games! Check the hours played. Just get it!
,Recommended,218410,9160350,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,afireinside96,This is easily the best tower defense type of game that I have ever played. The difficulty starts off quite easy and gradually adds new unit types on both offense and defense. The regular game never really gets too tough but once you start up a new game+ the gloves come off and it stops holding your hand altogether. Persistant leveling and a well written comical story seal the deal and really suck you in. Cut scenes are minimalistic but very well done.I bought this game on sale without really knowing anything about it other than it looked cool and was really cheap yet I really wish I had bought it sooner. A lot of indies get a lot of undeserved hype while this one got none that I heard of. Really fun game that everyone should own.
,Recommended,218410,11172937,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Briggs,"Yes. 10/10 would buy again.This is a example of a good tower defense game coupled with an actual story. While one could argue that the graphics are low tier and would fit more as a flashgame it deserved its placed on the steam market. Why you ask? Everything fits in the big picture. There is not a single thing that seems out of place. It's a well thought out game no plot holes to fill only loot to get.I enjoyed playing it, revisited earlier locations to achieve my 100% on certain maps. I still didnt complete the whole game 100% because you can actually increase the game speed by a certain amount and sometimes on really busy maps the game crashes. Mostly near the end of the mission which makes it even more unforgiving.You will get your moneys worth of tower defense, the occasional chuckle during dialogues and the fullfilling feeling of the 100% hunt."
76561198022174715,Recommended,218410,11786670,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,aiuR aAa,best td:)
,Recommended,218410,14743771,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Kitemay,"lags alot when paused, other than that great game mate"
,Recommended,218410,2228498,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,granderojo,"As someone who is suspicious when someone says a tower defense game is good, I can say without a doubt, Defender's Quest is not only pure, but above suspicion of impurity when it comes to tower defense. Ceasar's wife ain't got♥♥♥♥♥♥on Defender's Quest y'all."
,Recommended,218410,8974726,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Lu,"Let me start by saying one thing: I don’t like TDs. Too many of them revolve around mechanics I consider boring, such as interest, and generally, they don’t offer much beyond the core, basic gameplay expected from the genre. With that out of the way, I’ll try to explain how Defender’s Quest won me over.It’s impossible not to mention the fantastic writing present in the game: The story is overall serious, but the script makes no commitment to sounding mature or gritty. To the contrary: while some may argue the cast is composed of very standard archetypes, it’s still highly varied, and the humorous exchanges between the characters are a joy to see. Ironically, it’s their likability that makes the story much easier to care about, not presentation or “visceral” experiences. Take notes, games industry.While I’m at it, the soundtrack is also a very strong point, and is included in the game’s folder for free. Plot and music are hardly all the game has to offer, though. As I said, I don’t like TDs and what impresses me the most about Defender’s Quest is how it carefully avoids annoying mechanics I’ve come to associate with the genre.In this game, you don’t have to worry about insane resource management (interest) or fast finger movement (since you can pause mid-wave). It’s only about character loadout and positioning. That doesn’t mean it’s easy, but that it’s the right kind of hard. That it offers depth.Going through the game should take you about five hours, but that can increase tenfold if you try to finish all level variations and challenges. For me, it clocked at just over sixty hours, and was definitely worth its price. I can recommend it to anyone looking for a twist on the traditional TD formula."
,Recommended,218410,7821990,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Darcrular,"Hands down one of the most fun tower defense games i have played, the rpg element to it isn't too complex but its plenty enough to keep you playing and doing old missions to level up and earn scraps which is the money inside the game, which eventually becomes a non-factor if you play a mission more then once for each one, but if you just blow through the game things will be much more difficult as is any rpg game. The game stays challenging throughout the entire game with choosing 2-3star diffculities for each mission, and boss encounters on higher difficulties can be gruesome, unless of course you out level it.I have no complaints, aside from wishing there was dlc for more content, but i hear they are in the process of making a sequel so i am excited for that."
,Recommended,218410,24096200,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Znote,I don't like tower defence games.But then I tried this game. Yes imI need to go to bed. Totally in lovI am blown away. With this gameThis is amazing. What should I doSo funny. Gotta kill the revenantsAddict. Just one more time please...
76561198183194687,Recommended,218410,19553029,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Weightless,"Many people called this a ""tower defense with RPG elements"" at first I didn't know what that meant but it pretty much describes the game perfectly.Azra is the leader who can cast spells and also boost defenders - there are 6 types of defenders that have their unique abilities and advantages. While you boost the characters in battle, there also is a leveling up system in which you also add points to certain skills which actually adds a lot of depth to the game - it makes you think about what is mostly valuable of each defender and if you boost them enough for a certain skill to be used.Some enemies go straight for Azra, some try to get Azra but attack defenders along the way, some are fast, some are slow, some have armor, some have an insane amount of hit points. The come in waves from different locations in different amounts.It all sounds pretty basic, right?What makes this game so special is that it introduces new variables and level designs at just the right pace; there is never too much of one thing in the game, it's never a grind, it's never repetitious. The levels were never frustrating when they were heard either; it always just made me think hard about a better defense, who should get boosted and where I need to reposition during the battle. The idea of making something challenging without making frustrating is something they absolutely nailed on this game. On the flipside, if you are convinced you have everything figured out for your defense and even need to watch - just fast foward with the 2x or 4x button (this small feature is amazing).If you want to go back and play the battles at a high difficulty, you can do that too, which I also found the be very fun (the higher difficulty didn't just add more enemies - it also changed what types of enemies and even changes the entry points. Once again, they did a great job of preventing this game from feeling like repetitious).The game has an accompanying story which is kind of funny sometimes. I enjoyed the animations mostly and they were well done. A minor complaint of mine would be that the humor bits would take over the unfolding of the story occasionally and got in the way. I don't feel like the story development was conitinuous enough.The music was pretty enjoyable and fitting for the game. I will say some of the songs seemed like they were ripped from Nobuo Uematsu (Final Fantasy I - X, Chrono Trigger) but he is the GOAT.Highly recommended."
76561198097029152,Recommended,218410,19671154,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,surfacepatterns,"When I bought this game, I expected I was getting a mediocre game that would help me pass the time while I looked for other, more interesting games to play.  It turns out that the videos on the store page somehow make the game look a less interesting than it actually is.There's something quite satisfying about surveying each level, and positioning your troops such that different types of troops are in positions that allow them to function as efficiently as possible.  It's fun to get progressively better at optimizing what your (growing) set of troops can do.The second playthrough was a little less interesting.  You're left with either choosing to grind for experience for your troops, or to turn up the experience multiplier (which feels like cheating to me), so I can't say there's much replay value.  However, that shouldn't stop you from buying the game and playing through once, if you're so inclined.7.5/10."
76561198066838048,Recommended,218410,19980033,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,GodsJesusHolyBilly,An amazing tower defence game. Worth every cent. 100000000/10
76561198069709632,Recommended,218410,20017496,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Scott_A,Great game!!
,Recommended,218410,23598604,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,Definitely one of the best Tower Defense/RPG/Strategy/Dating Sim/Undead Simulator games I've ever played.
,Recommended,218410,1577188,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,Nazgir,"This is a brilliant mix of Tower Defence and RPG. Great, and actually horrifying story, despite the cartoony cutscenes and pixelated gameplay, but also filled with wacky humour.You can replay levels on harder difficulty for special unique weapons or extra exp or scrap (money) rewards, and once you finish your first playthrough, you can play a new game plus with a twist: you get extra (difficult) sidequests which sometimes are just extra rewards, but others thoroughly expand the story.All in all, good gameplay, great music, hilarious but also serious and tragic characters and story. Definitely worth the smal price."
,Recommended,218410,19496720,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,KipofMudd,"I believe this might be one of the best games on Steam. It's a very, very challenging tower defense type game with a really good story and fun customization that can be changed quite easily if you end up going down a path you don't like. You can name each character and customize their sprite when you get them, and i believe you can get like 12 of each of the 6 units but I'm not entirely sure because there's achievements for beating the game with only the base 6 characters that I started with right off of the bat.This game also has a pretty large amount of content and challenges for you to comeplete, and I highly doubt you'll 100% this game to be honest. That might not sound that great but I just find that amazing since it's ""only a tower defense"" type game.It's a pretty aged game so you can easily find guides and videos of the gameplay out there if you're actually interested in it, which I really, really recommend you become. I cannot give this game enough praise to be quite honest"
,Recommended,218410,19155137,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Rapajez,"Amazing value for the money, tons of gameplay. Lot of fun. Probably the best hybrid RPG/Tower Defense out there."
,Recommended,218410,28937235,Posted: 2 January,all,w00ty,I like my mutton chops tough and this game did it to perfection.
,Recommended,218410,18995779,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Shiki,"Very good Tower Defense game with RPG elements, and decent story/dialogs.It has a lot of content for the money and is very challenging.On the hardest difficulty often too challenging and a bit of grinding is necessary to stand a chance, but who wants to have all achievements anyways... oh wait, I do :("
76561198008929648,Recommended,218410,19541753,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,kyrouac06,This is a really fun game if you like Tower Defence games. The leveling and RPG elements are a fun addition. The story is pretty basic but I've never played a Tower Defence game for the story. Definitely worth picking up at $5 or less.
76561198052372005,Recommended,218410,19008469,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Reslain,Nice little tower defense / rpg hybrid.
76561198080263894,Recommended,218410,19104011,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Daborgon,BEST DUNGEON DEFENCE I PLAYED IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT IT DO YOUR SELF A FAVOR AND BUY IT
76561198054449230,Recommended,218410,19181797,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Zeon90,"A indie tower defense game with alot of heart and soul ,backed up by rewarding players for good use of tactical placement of heros and use of powers. The story also deserves credit for being simple and easy to follow, while also having depth and complexity. The animations themselves are not impressive but between the serious and quirky story or the unyeilding waves of horrible monsters chomping at the heros the game has plenty to dig into and intices players to dig back into the game a second or even third time to experince new thrills and challenges."
76561198018700024,Recommended,218410,19384108,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,lwallace_n,One of the better tower defense games I've ever played.  Keeps you wanting to play more and more by using its RPG elements.  Would definitely recommend.
76561197985238569,Recommended,218410,18818178,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Hillutz,Very good Tower Defense game with suprising good narrative and difficulty level
,Recommended,218410,19123265,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ferris euler,Just buy it you ♥♥♥♥ing nerds.
,Recommended,218410,19241424,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Grue,I really enjoyed it. I wish there was more content.
76561198049172361,Recommended,218410,19260350,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,shudokanron,Highly addictive game!  Like the blend of rpg and tower defense.  Entertaining story line keeps you interested till the end.
,Recommended,218410,11014990,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Zalkore,"This game is great fun. Funny/satirical storyboards, followed by old-school, top-down, tower defense of the best kind. Your towers are people and you can upgrade them like in an RPG. Those points are easily swapped to other skills for no fees. There is equipment you can win or buy to upgrade warriors, mages, dragons, and paladins. Lots of different creeps that change your strategy. Units/towers are upgradable during quests for up to 5 levels, increasing access to abilities, range, and damage."
76561198120181297,Recommended,218410,11191160,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,cumdrop420,"Eh, pretty good, but not worth $7.50. If I could refund and buy it for 2-4 dollars, I would."
,Recommended,218410,6425104,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Knight Artorias,"Great indie game, wildly addictive.  Customizable units and rpg like progression spring this tower defense game ahead of others in the genre."
76561198003221341,Recommended,218410,29069260,Posted: 6 January,all,Cynrox,Very fun casual TD
76561197965205931,Recommended,218410,9147734,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,digidomo,"If you like Castle Defense games pick it up. If you like RPGs and Castle Defense games, definately pick it up."
,Recommended,218410,9388880,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Embedian,graphic might looks not cool but gameplay will attract player
,Recommended,218410,8912438,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Aleth,"That game is cool ! Tower defense mixed with RPG, characters are cool and gameplay is simple but great for that kind of game."
76561198078573009,Recommended,218410,9800614,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,HYPNOTICA420X,most underrated tower defense game in history. i played it for the story not the game. i was super saiyan powerful towards the end and kicked some hardcore but holes.
76561198016565158,Recommended,218410,30402638,Posted: 8 March,all,vamoosen,Why does it say Ihave 40 hours on this game. I dont remember anyting past the firt 20 minutes
,Recommended,218410,28728443,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Galebrithien,"10/10 cry every timeSeriously though, aside from being tons of fun, the story and characters are incredible."
,Recommended,218410,7851142,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Zombie,"The game itself is pretty much a standard Tower Defense game, but the dialogue.  The dialogue."
,Recommended,218410,7935983,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Zedd's dead,"This is a basic tower defense game with an amusing theme.  In general it is not too difficult, but there are enough unit types and different development paths to keep it fun.  Definitely a low budget game that should be purchased on sale."
,Recommended,218410,8847128,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,jag0rii,Best TD ever!
76561198091878565,Recommended,218410,8854177,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Yracham,"Ok, graphisms may not be very appealing. But I've spend so many hours on this game!"
,Recommended,218410,8863658,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Zetsuei,"I bought this and didn't regret it at all, combined with 90% discount, this is a must buy !humorous dialogue, good RPG system with the ""towers"", it is fun even replaying on harder difficulties."
76561197971038008,Recommended,218410,7986045,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Immortal_Plus_One,"Pretty good, the only downfall of the game is that it ends.  You can Beatit in one or 2 sittings. 8/10 - Tower Defence"
,Recommended,218410,8856369,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,HADES2001,Ok this is now in my top 3 best tower defense games (together with defense grid and lord of the rings) the story line is good (great for a tower defense game but a bit predictable) the jokes are good the scaling is near perfect low levels are what they are suppose to be easy and doable by anyone. The highest settings DAMN thats a real challenge for real i read they are making a second game i cant wait for it. new game+ here i come :D
76561198043817749,Recommended,218410,8857186,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Acidizer,great combination of rpg and tower defense. surprisingly addictive
,Recommended,218410,8858011,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Coathanger,for 1.50 its a steal get it now.
76561198003707081,Recommended,218410,8862324,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,bikbok,This game is great. Final fantasy crossed with tower defense for sure.
,Recommended,218410,8864254,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,WESTY,Probably the best game i have ever played that costs less that any amount of money i have ever spent
,Recommended,218410,8865793,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Jeb,"Seeing how the game was flash based and not too heavy on visual details, I was skeptical about this game. I usually compare tower defense and flash to something on Kongregate, but I was pleasantly surprised by the quality. Its a Tower-Defense RPG hybrid where your 'towers' level up as you progress through the maps. Each stage has extra difficulties to come back to for additional challenge and rewards through unique armor or weapons that you can give to your teammates. You can change the AI for targeting, which comes in handy during challenge stages and boss fights. When you're done with the game, you can also replay the game with New Game+ and unlock your previous team (while facing minions with new abilities, and unlocking unique item powers). The story isn't anything new, but the characters are engaging enough to let that slide. The music isn't anything to write home about, but it strays from being too annoying like most flash looped music (the title screen being the exception).If you like Tower Defense games, Defender's Quest is polished in the right places and worth the weight, especially on sale."
76561197971141457,Recommended,218410,8261429,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,chips,Great little TD
,Recommended,218410,8361388,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Jamppe,Excellent little timewaster.
76561198060493670,Recommended,218410,8616934,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Moonthirteen,"Tower Defense meets RPG, for real.Many games try to combine different genres yet few does as good a job as Defender's Quest. If you like Tower Defense games and are looking for something new to mix up what is becoming a stale and tired formula, this game is right up your alley. While allowing you to build your characters in the way that you want, customizing your 'towers' becomes a pleasure rather than a chore. The clever use of characters to perform as your towers is a fun way to almost get to know the defenders that you're using, and the story, something that most tower defense games shirk is actually quite amusing. Give it a try if you're wondering what it is about, this game delivers a lot of bang for your buck, offering hours and hours of replayability. The New Game+ feature completely mixes up the challenges so that even when you beat the game you're just getting started."
,Recommended,218410,8717235,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Beasthoven,I really enjoyed this game. Characters were nice and a few months after playing it everything still stays fresh in my head. Would recommend as a casual 2d TD :)
,Recommended,218410,8778966,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Pugilist,"A fantastic combination of RPG and tower defense. Like most indie games its feels like it ended too early, but there is a massive amount of endgame content. Great game, highly reccomend."
,Recommended,218410,8845638,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,A Pirate Monkey,A cool mix of tower defence and rpg. I usually hate tower defence games but this has enough additional mechanics to make it worthwhile and interesting to play. On sale at the moment so worth picking up.
,Recommended,218410,8847123,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Lord Byte,"Brilliant little gem, a lot of fun, if you love Tower Defense, get this one, and the story is pretty good too!"
,Recommended,218410,8848601,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Alan,"A solid tower defense game with a better story and art direction than most.  If you like the genre, you'll like this incarnation of it."
,Recommended,218410,8849571,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,[WTP] Rune,"This is probably my favourite tower defense game ever, it has a lot of humor built into it, and the extras acutally make you want to play through more than once to see more of the main character interactions.4/5"
,Recommended,218410,8849970,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Rum Dragon,Best TD game I've ever played outside of the Wintermaul mod for wc3.
76561198045487147,Recommended,218410,8851451,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Noeh23,"Got this game in a 90% sale. Best money spent. This is a wonderful TD with RPG elements. Very nice story, slight humor and pretty good replayability factor in terms of the TD part. A sequel is coming out soon. I will surely get it. It is 6AM in the morning now. I just spent the whole night plaqing it :-)"
,Recommended,218410,8852016,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,hal255,"Great game, if you can look passed the old fashioned graphics.Graphics style is dated back pre-Playstation (between NES and SNES).The gameplay is pretty recent, with a leveling system of your ""towers"" (defenders) that has talent trees. If a level is too easy or too hard, then you can just set the difficulty or adjust the handicaps to your liking.I hadn't heard any voice acting yet, it's all text style like those old school games, so do expect that.I honestly didn't think I would like this game very much, but I'm glad I bought it. If you're a fan of tower defense games, give this a try."
,Recommended,218410,8852500,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Cocodrill,One of the best small games.
76561198074607934,Recommended,218410,8852953,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Onklave,"Great game! Well worth the price with the special. Looking forward to the sequel to this game. Although it's not absolutely hard, the character are lovable and the storyline is fairly interesting."
,Recommended,218410,8868264,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,DamianTheAlien,"A tower defense game second only to Defense Grid in my experience. I mean, it's nowhere near to that in quality, but it is a fun and diverting game for the price."
,Recommended,218410,7919540,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Kaludan,"Cute RPG meets Tower defense game that I'd recommend to fans of the genre. Wish they would try a little more with the story, but what can you do. It's clear this isn't a large studio if not just a single person's passion project."
,Recommended,218410,7959135,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Chismatsu,"This game really raises the bar for the Tower Defense genre.  I think the last game I played that was this addicting was Plants vs Zombies.  If you value being productive, run away right now."
76561198006723520,Recommended,218410,8207270,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,brad,i love the story of what their was of it and had enof meat of game play to get me to beat the game
76561197989651459,Recommended,218410,8583565,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,J69,Cute and fun twist to TD. Well worth the money!
76561198066970714,Recommended,218410,7910532,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Fenrik,"One of the better games I have played this year. I am having tons of fun with it, and I am really enjoying the story!"
,Recommended,218410,8038586,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,HipHopHippo,Very fun if you enjoy tower defense.
76561198061915387,Recommended,218410,8131467,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,stuzki,"I wish the graphics were better, but once I got started, I could not stop playing!"
,Recommended,218410,8183869,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,BOOTIS,"awesome.get itif you wanna try it, there should be a fully functional flash demo floating around on I think newgrounds.great game. I'm looking forward to the sequel"
76561198047608877,Recommended,218410,8420739,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,pman135,"This is a fun little time waster, have it running in the background when you are doing work and you can get time wasting done at the same time as you are trying to finish that important thing, and failing at getting it done quickly. fun rpg/towerdefence game and there is more to unlock after you beat the game especially if you didn't beat all the levels on max difficulty."
76561197983883664,Recommended,218410,8514979,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,everythingisnothing42,Might be the best tower defense game I've ever played.
,Recommended,218410,8851754,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,JKatarn,"Never expected this much from this game.As usual I logged on Steam and found this on sale with just 1.49 USD.Looking at the screenshots it seems like it has some RPG-maker graphics and it is a tower defense game.Man I am really not a fan of tower defense but after scrolling down the review section I see a lot of thumbs up; so I decided to give it a try.And it sucks.... ME IN!The game plays like traditional tower defense, with RPG elements like levelling up, buying armour and upgrading skills.This gives a feeling of progression since in more traditional tower defense game its all about strategy. Every battle is a new battle, nothing carries on to the next level.In this game, your heros are permanent allies. You recruit them from towns, form your own little army and grow them accordingly to your preference.Story wise its ok and the dialogues are funny at times. The presentation of the whole game is quite neat and easy on the eyes so you dont get alot of useless stuff displaying to you.There seems to be quite alot of levels as well as a new game plus where you get unique stuff and enemies which adds replayable value.The only downside is that it seems the skill tree could get some more diversity. Like it would be awesome if a standard warrior can have different styles or something.But all in all this is a solid game and is definitely worth grabbing during this 1.49 USD sale. The fun far exceeds the cost. But if you missed the sale and it goes back to 14.99, I would recommend you to think twice before buying."
,Recommended,218410,8852989,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Sigpipe,"Pretty fun tower defense. I think the 15 dollar entry point is off putting to some, but a great game for those who like tower defense games"
,Recommended,218410,8853217,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Shirakani,Excellent little TD RPG with fun dialog and a decent amount of customizability for those who like to tailor their experience.
,Recommended,218410,8855491,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,olufsen73,"Great game, not just another tower defence! RPG elements make the gameplay so addicting and story is a nice add on to the overall fun."
76561198061457043,Recommended,218410,8858949,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Skelebro,"This game doesn't look very good at first, but when you try it, it's amazing! you honestly just have to do a little grinding here and there, otherwise it's hilarious!"
,Recommended,218410,8864332,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Nimlet,Probably the best $1.49 I've ever spent.
76561198025359852,Recommended,218410,8433502,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,KerChowPow,"Good story, fun tower-defense gameplay, definitely a good buy when on sale."
,Recommended,218410,8846647,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Lindor,"What Puzzle Quest did for match-3, Defender's Quest: VotF does for tower defence coupling traditional RPG mechanics with quirky chracters and strong plot with a very natural sense of narrative progression. A definite must play."
76561198051352662,Recommended,218410,8848281,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,aiwasssaying,"Fun, and addictive. Substantially more than I bargained for. Puzzle Quest (Crack+""Tower Defense""+Whoopass-Bejeweled)=Yiss"
76561198037259809,Recommended,218410,8235837,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Waervyn,"One of the better tower defense games around. The story is entertaining, and I like how the characters are actually the 'towers'. Very cheap and great value!"
76561197992129225,Recommended,218410,8354207,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,He_is_Legend,"Extremely addictive defense game.  I nearly played it straight through with only a few stops.  If you are a fan of tower defense, don't pass this one up."
76561197991114535,Recommended,218410,8381730,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,JimmyRay,Decent tower defence game that I found to be a little easy but enjoyable.
,Recommended,218410,8403827,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,KolassaRaptor,An enjoyable tower defense game.
76561198079333596,Recommended,218410,8568777,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,geekygirl09,"Absolutely loved this game. It has a great blend of tower defense plus RPG that makes it unique and enjoyable. The dialogue is quite often hilarious and a touch ridiculous. You are able to choose your own ending, which I enjoyed, and once you finish the game a bonus version is unlocked, granting new enemies, weapons, and side missions which greatly extend the game play. Each level also offers the opportunity to increase the difficulty three times, with greater rewards each time you beat it. It's a great game for when you don't want something too heavy or involved but still a bit challenging."
76561198062779552,Recommended,218410,8733659,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Khovd,"Simple to learn, lots of fun. More depth than expected for a tower defense game. Worth the buy."
,Recommended,218410,8845607,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,The Halfelven,"A great mix of tower defence and RPG mechanics, with a compelling story and a dash of humour. Fun, non-stereotypical characters, different levels of difficulty, achievements, rewards and a witty script. I find myself going back to it over and over."
,Recommended,218410,8845938,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Seyven,"A fun, 8-bit styled Tower Defense/RPG Hybrid. Interesting story, fun writing and cutscenes.I enjoyed it highly."
,Recommended,218410,8846793,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Typhon,"This was actually an incredibly well done Tower Defense game with a lot of great mechanics. The story is good, the characters are enjoyable, and the gameplay itself is fun. I highly recommend this to anyone that likes Tower Defense games."
,Recommended,218410,8847032,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Kira,"For $1.49 this is a great buy. Basic story mode levels with some bonus maps, many extra challenge levels and survival modes, and a newgame+ that adds a good ammount of extra content."
,Recommended,218410,8847776,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Sharktopus |ϟ|,This is a very satisfying tower defence game with RPG elements.
,Recommended,218410,8849407,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Bobby Hill,So far Im in love with this little game and its exceeded my expectations for $1.49cant wait to see what cool mods people make for this awsome tower deffense rpg
76561198057755026,Recommended,218410,8849866,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,SaSa,nice game at 1.49usd worth it
76561197996570017,Recommended,218410,8849901,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,TKimball,Charming take on tower defense with a cute story (written by an English major).  Just buy it!
,Recommended,218410,8849910,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Celtic,TD + RPG = Perfection
76561197993069194,Recommended,218410,8850509,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,BumbleDee,classic solid gameplay
,Recommended,218410,8850569,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,~freedom~fries~,"A truly horrible and uninteresting plot that is easy to look past with it's straight forward Tower Defense (TD) elements.Fortunately, the game designers made it easy to fast forward past the dialogue, which even if you ignore my advice you'll soon realize is something that makes the game more enjoyable.In summary, if you are a fan of TD, definitely pick this up."
,Recommended,218410,8850607,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,AisuRyuuko,Classic tower defense game that has a level up feature that carries over between matches. This on top of the steam workshop make this game worth the pricetag. Especially if you can find it on sale.
,Recommended,218410,8852013,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,twitch.tv/GFYE,For those who want a tower defense game with rpg elements this game will not disappoint.
,Recommended,218410,8854375,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Fish!,"Basic Graphics, reasonable plot, 6 varieties of towers to play with and 6 spells to help you win.It's not multibranching plot, but does have a New Game+ for expanded replayability. It's not got so many different towers you get confused. It's just simple tower defence and some unique characters.Overall a good game, but not one for much in the way of depth if that's what you're looking for in a game."
76561197991858949,Recommended,218410,8853009,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,JakalairVG,"The first tower defense game I played was Desktop Tower Defense, a simple game that is on a grid and sends wave after wave of enemy at you.  This was a fun game mechanic and it would pop up with different themes in different games through the years. But, it was not until Defender’s Quest: Valley of the Forgotten that I found a game that used that mechanics to great effect in an Role Playing Game fashion.The opening of the game shows you as the main character being dragged out of her house and thrown into the Pit. She has the plague but also realizes she has special powers.  From here it opens the ability to play the game.  She can bring warriors into the Half-Way Realm and allow them to kill the revenants, monsters people turn into after they die of the plague. The story starts taking twists from there as you follow what has really been happening to two kingdoms and what the ultimate goal is.There are a host of characters that arrive in the game and each comes with their own personality.  The first people you find are barbarians, who wear no armor and are humorously suicidal in their combat tactics. Then you meet the rangers, who are far more practical about their need for survival. Each of the units you meet have a person who is going to be seen in cut scenes and helps give you a feel of the personality of that unit.Each of the units levels up, gains new skills, and can even be upgraded with new equipment.  Most of this is done in towns.  When in a town you can recruit units you have access to, but need to keep a close eye on the cost as the more units you have, the higher the price for the next one.  Gear comes in two main forms armor and weapons. There are also things that your main character can equip, but those mainly augment her abilities and are not purchasable.  When a character gains experience they level up just like you would expect in a normal RPG. Each unit has a skill tree with two branches. This means one barbarian might do a lot more damage and another might recover from wounds faster, it is up to you how you want them to work.This game was not  anywhere on my radar and that is sad because it is a great game.  The units seem well thought out so as to be different and fit a certain use at a certain time. The story told through still frames is well done with attention to facial expressions and a great sense of humor. This game is a great one, and the team at Level Up Labs is already working on another."
,Recommended,218410,8853013,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,VooDooHorror,this game is great
,Recommended,218410,8855233,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Mister_X,The simplistic graphics belie a very enjoyable tower defence game. easy to lose a few hours in this.
76561198088103020,Recommended,218410,8856557,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,JunMeowMing,RPG+TD = Epic gameplay. Nuff said.
76561198038622897,Recommended,218410,8858314,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,JJReyes,I liked this so much I bought a copy for a friend. ^^
76561198091496933,Recommended,218410,8861278,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,alext393,"Really loving this game, great buy!"
76561198000299108,Recommended,218410,8862016,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,A basket of puppies,"Though I may not be one to play many tower defense games, this one has really grasped my attention. At first glance, it may look like a bit of a low graphic, and average drawn out sprites/characters, but that's not where the game is supposed to shine. Even the, the story is surprisingly detailed, and you learn to appreciate the characters. Where it shines most is the gameplay itself! A great game to have in windowed mode while doing other things, it's a pleasant distraction, very refreshing, and easy to learn. There is a ton of depth with characters having their own skill trees, each defensive unit becoming special in their own way. It has good areas to level up quickly if you want to power up, but it doesn't feel necessary. In fact, the game has a good pace, and you could pick it up and play just a few minutes, or a few hours! The ability to slow down, pause, or speed up combat is so pleasing to have also, allowing me to follow a flow I'm comfortable with, never too pressured, but always leaving you thinking. I highly recommend it for the price, and tower defense lover would enjoy this, and even those new or not keen on the genre will feel comfortable with it. I know I was!"
,Recommended,218410,8862263,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,The Fall of Shadows,pretty good game. nothing amazing but worth a few dollars
,Recommended,218410,8863801,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Jakehopt,"Seriously greatness. It combines what is addictive about Tower Defense games, with my favorite parts of Class based Dungeons esque Party systems. I love skill trees from my MMO side, and there is a great amount of flexibility on the difficulty scale. Small learning curve. I've played it non-stop since I bought it, kind of game I can play for 3 hours, then jump back to whenever.TL;DR Buy the game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,218410,8864233,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Spell01,The game is a good tower defense game. Progression is well paced. It's not too easy or too hard.
76561198124135358,Recommended,218410,8864423,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,blazemanoftheflame,"This is a fun strategy game, with an interesting story plot and gameplay mechanics."
76561197966597988,Recommended,218410,8864676,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,UtinOwns,Tower defence with RPG game...fantastic!
76561197975845420,Recommended,218410,8865420,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Not John Malkovich,A basic but fun little tower D game.
76561198056472590,Recommended,218410,8865544,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Necromanticer,"Let me premise by saying that I'm a fan of Tower Defense game and purchased this game at 90% off for a grand total of $1.49, as such, this game was an absolute steal!The game feels well paced, making sure you have the ability to beat the next level with adequate skill, but rewards you for taking the time to perfect a level. If you're looking for a deeper challenge, you can replay earlier levels at a higher difficulty, or if you're feeling stuck or underpowered you have the option to go back a few levels until you're prepared to advance.The actual game itself revolves around a band of characters replete with customizable appearances, skills, invetory, and a set base class that allows for a wide variety of playstyles and setups. The actual mechanics of the game are designed to allow you to either place your towers (units) down and work from there, or micromanage them for greater effect. As you progress you'll be unlocking spells to engage you further and allow for more in depth strategy.That all being said, I find myself falling most in love with the games charming and quirky characters that really sell the rather contrived story. Through the course of the game you'll meet a wide variety of personalites that play off of each other with a dry sense of humor and extremely comedic results. They each feel consistant and defined, and it's always a pleasure to see how they interact when they're not dealing with the plot. Even the main character has witty dialogue and interplay with the party, making you feel legitimately connected to people who are essentially stationary sources of damage in the actual game.The only point that could be held against it is the fact that the graphics and art style feel 'cheap'. The world map and actual gameplay is set in the old sprite style that we've all seen for the past few decades, and it makes the game feel dated. When you're watching the games cutscenes, you're stuck looking at a few stationary characters that look like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ combination of paper cutouts and Protector characters. It's nice that they took the time to set up full cutscenes and dialogue, but the graphics just aren't there.As it stands, I'd say that this game is a real gem. On sale for 90% I'd say 'buy it' every time no matter who you are. If you find it on sale for anything over 25%, at least give it a good look, hopefully you'll like what you see. For the full price of $15, it's still a great game for fans of the genre.This has been Necromanticer and 'Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten' is my favorite game in the Citadel"
,Recommended,218410,8860098,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Jackdaw,"This game is a surprising gem.And the writing is both interesting and laugh-out-loud hilarious, to be totally honest.I would pay the fifteen for this.I am however currently getting it for  $1.50. Regardless of which way, pick it up if you're into these; you won't regret it."
,Recommended,218410,8862872,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Sturpsy,"The amazing mix of an RPG and a Tower Defense game, with great story. Definitely worth trying."
76561197971258487,Recommended,218410,8855796,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Pfymbourg,A definite must for tower defense fanatics (like myself).
,Recommended,218410,8856005,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Noobeis,Love this game..great tower defense/RPG hybrid..
,Recommended,218410,8859577,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,JimJam707,"Only played a bit and it's already cemented itself in my list of top tower defence games, good story and great gameplay make this worth a shot"
,Recommended,218410,22162599,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,deaddrunk,Great Game that pulled off the delicate balance of micro-managment and strategy. Replayable and enjoyable.
76561198010923357,Recommended,218410,28431183,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Vinticore,"Eyyy, dis a good gaem"
76561198004170881,Recommended,218410,28424523,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Galatolol,Addicting game.
,Recommended,218410,28480952,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,blairun,great fun
,Recommended,218410,9086847,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Njordin,"I´d have never thought that this game is such a TD masterpiece.  got it from a 2€ sale, but its worth tenfold.perfect symbiosis between RPG and TD.buy it for many many hours of fun."
,Recommended,218410,1686457,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,123,"There sure is a lot of Tower Defenses out there. They are relatively easy to make and  therefore highly profitable, leading to quite a few mediocre titles. The ones that make you say ""meh"" after less than 30 minutes of continuous playtime. And then - we all had this experience - there are few Tower Defenses that capture you for hours. Great gameplay, great development, great artwork, great balancing, great soundtrack.This is one of them."
76561197969529180,Recommended,218410,22690081,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Tedge734,"Loved this game, simple tower defence. I can't wait for the updated 2nd!"
76561198046341669,Recommended,218410,22722467,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,snowfrost571,"I'm not normally into Tower Defense games, but this one got me really hooked with the different challenges and compelling story."
,Recommended,218410,27306330,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Datloran,Excellent tower defence game.And that is coming from somebody who otherwise loathe tower defence games.
76561197991239902,Recommended,218410,14729008,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Mauseleum,"Good basic tower defence with retro graphics, recomended!"
,Recommended,218410,4247567,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,Celebrimnar,"One of my favorites Indie games of 2012. The mix between RPG and Tower Defense is very addictive, and the plot is solid and interesting. Maybe after a while the game is a little repetitive, but in this case is not such a big flaw."
76561198114817545,Recommended,218410,9054765,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,LudoKai,"Such a great game. It mixes tower defense style combat with RPG mechanics and it does it well. Recruiting new members, leveling them up [with a skill tree per class], gearing them up and taking them into a hard stage is just win. There's a LOT of replayability here with it having a ""New Game+"" mode to it that adds even more features to it. Oh and did I mention is actually has a story? And cut scenes? Trust me, this game may not look great but it really really is."
,Recommended,218410,23591465,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,RamesGamesLC,"It's a really decent game. Good for killing time. You can grind to make the game easier, backtrack for 3 stars, extra loot and more cash/ xp. All that fun, typical stuff.Now with an hd update. For free. Better graphics, performance, and apparently more story! Thats rad. Really good game."
76561198048628640,Recommended,218410,23588982,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Lelouch,"There isn't much that hasn't already been said about this game, so I'm not going to write a super long review.DQ:VF is a very fun Tower Defense-RPG hybrid game.  I bought it with hesitation, very unsure of if I'd like it or not.  It's loads of fun, the story seems good so far, the characters are detailed with their own histories and little quips they say to each other, sometimes humorous.  The gameplay itself works like most TD games except you place heroes that act as your towers, and they can level up and learn new active/passive skills.  Outside of battle you can also equip them with different gear to give them better offense/defense.I got this game after they came out with the Deluxe edition (mainly upgraded visuals) and I'm glad I did.  I'm sort of a visual person, and I like what I'm playing to be pretty and polished.  I'm not sure I would have enjoyed the Standard version as much, but this free visual upgrade to Deluxe is awesome and well done.According to their website the devs have already started working on a DA:VF 2 and I'm pretty excited about it.  I'll definitely look into it as more info is released and most likely buy it.This is one of the best TD/RPG hybrids I've ever played.  The gameplay is light and fun, and you can tell they put a LOT of time into the story and characters.8-9/10 Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,218410,1379051,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,Rokolith,"Very fun little TD game, if you see it 10 dollars or under it's well worth it"
76561198004195595,Recommended,218410,2217367,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Moon Punisher,A very fun tower defense with RPG elements.
,Recommended,218410,1029258,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,Avenger1324,"A great addictive indie Tower Defence / RPG.  Recruit more heroes to join your party, earn XP in battle and level up your units.  Place them strategically in missions and boost their power to be more effective.The Steam version now includes New Game+ to take your party back through the game to face harder challenges and stronger enemies.  Endless mode lets you see how many waves you can survive.The story that links the missions together is boosted by a good sense of humour."
,Recommended,218410,12415998,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,rexstardust,"If you're looking for tower defense game where you can upgrade just about everything this is what you want. Don't worry about the story, it doesn't matter. The new game + mode is a must play as well. Lots of new things thrown in."
76561198121203990,Recommended,218410,33642130,Posted: 18 July,all,arschy,good
76561198064834289,Recommended,218410,28074248,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,reddragonmark,This is one of the few tower defence game I play that I continue to play as well.
76561198190433423,Recommended,218410,28106365,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rastakwer,"Played a flash demo years ago... A pleasure to discover the full extended version now!Good gameplay, just long and challenging enough.But what I enjoy above all is the writing. I keep laughing out loud reading the journal or the cutscenes! :-)  Great job!""Take the skinny girl with the dark hair that never shuts up!""""Who never shuts up, me or my hair??"""
,Recommended,218410,20277867,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Laurent,"I love the game. The only tiny bit of feedback I hope they use for the next game is to make it so that when you need to click through multiple boxes (such as in the first few missions when showing where all the ui elements are as well as having all the 'stranger' dialog) have all the close buttons in the same place.The thing that pushed me over the edge to giving a try for sure was the let's play on youtube - if anybody else is on the fence like I initialy was, give the first of those videos a look! :D (Developers Play: Defender's Quest)"
,Recommended,218410,15592534,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,XC3N,I usually think tower defense is very repetitive and not so much fun but this game is different...
76561198053422627,Recommended,218410,11610295,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"A true Indie gem for an RPG tower defense style game that uses different classes of avatars as your 'towers"".  Build an epic party as you adventure along, equip them with better armor and weapons as you gain experience, power, and gold!I love this game!  Well worth the $15 price tag, and if it's on sale, this game is a big-time winning choice for any RPG or tower defense game fan!Here is my YouTube video on this game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYX8ljun87w"
,Recommended,218410,26001014,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Bryan - Legend of Luca,Pretty much the best game ever!
,Recommended,218410,29581324,Posted: 30 January,all,nazgull2k1,"What are you waiting for?  It's an awesome game in the genre, and loads of fun!BUY IT!"
,Recommended,218410,23402118,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Rumi,"This game is really nice! It's a bad Tower Defense game, and a bad RPG and yet, still a great game. I highly recommend."
76561198260084524,Recommended,218410,25473460,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Reed Wan,It's a good game. Worth it.
,Recommended,218410,32218803,Posted: 6 June,all,Psychotic Gamer,i love this game the gameplay is so good it has a nice difficulty curve :D
76561198076754663,Recommended,218410,23129843,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,hpets11,Excellent take on the tower defense game.
76561197971948490,Recommended,218410,12906615,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Wraith_Magus,"An enjoyable tower defense game with RPG elements.  (Characters level up and have skill trees that carry over, although you can reassign points for a fee.)The need to ""gold star"" everything keeps this game replayable for quite a long time, and there's a challenge to complete the game in its hard mode without the many generic units you can hire, making the game extremely difficult at times. (In fact, functionally impossible at the hardest versions of some levels. Fortunately, you don't need 100% completion for those.)The game is also pausable, for those who find some tower defense games too frantic to enjoy.  There are some points where you really need to set the game to slow-mo and pump out the spells you get as their cooldowns time out just to cling to life for another wave, though.It can, however, chug when you get to very high levels, and have INSANE numbers of effects going on at once.  I've also had it crash from a memory overflow from having too many sprites on the field in one of the ""endless"" maps where they just send infinite units your way.Beyond that one flaw, (which you can avoid by just not trying to play the endless mode truly endlessly,) it's a great game.  I highly recommend."
76561198048383939,Recommended,218410,8993380,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Kubark,"Very fun and challenging in late game.I strongly recommand if u like this kind of game (Tower Defense).Clean, well designed, some humour... good job in fact."
,Recommended,218410,3970402,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,CryonicSuspension,Tower defense meets RPG. Uniquely fun and addictive. The writing and characters are amusing.
76561198006610725,Recommended,218410,19496764,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Punkstar,"good game, buy it"
76561197964154576,Recommended,218410,12723470,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,KeksImperium,The best tower defense game out there!
76561198055577644,Recommended,218410,18436550,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Tomo™,"I one of the best game i played lately and the best tower game ,I played.Funny,challenging the story is decent,nice music,I  really like the art style.The game play could be the worst,What i mean by that his I was using my mouse to most of the game evrything was fine and I try to faster the game by going x4 but clic durring that is laggy and the gmae doesn't register alll the clic so when i needed to do something i had to pause clic on thing i need and resume.If i had to cast spell I puted it on x1/2 was doign fine. its a solide 8.5/10 the little issue of game can't make me go at 9"
76561197970309850,Recommended,218410,391031,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,billy,great tower defence game.
76561197993202153,Recommended,218410,1429557,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Nailfoot,"If you're a tower defense fan, you owe it to yourself to try out this game! The graphics won't wow you, but the gameplay will. It is a unique take on the genre. The game adds many aspects from RPGs, like leveling up and finding better equipment. The levels and equipment stay with you across battles, so you don't start with nothing at the beginning of each new stage!"
,Recommended,218410,8848685,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,THC** FIREston,This game is straight GOODNESS! I love tower defense games and this delivers an awesome TD-RPG Experience. Funny characters and story telling. Really enjoying this game 9/10
,Recommended,218410,12990164,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Adoxographist,I really like this game. I spent over 75 hours playing this game.Please save me.
76561198004669632,Recommended,218410,8854291,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Park501,"At first I was not 100% sure about buying or passing mostly owing to the simple art style and the fact its a tower defense which are a dime a dozen now days, however after looking at reviews and seeing some high praise and checking the forms and seeing active Dev's interacting with the community decided to give it a try.The first thing I met was a user agreement which is fairly common now days however unlike others I actually read it was very simple and easy to understand made a nice impression and told me about their attention to detail before even accessing the first screen of the game, this attention to detail was further proven once within the game the customization in just the options menu alone warrants this game being noticeable, I can't say if you will find it worth your money but if you have a few bucks burning a hole in your pocket or see this on sale (well worth full price in my opinion) grab it.This game and its Developers are like a Unicorn in this day and age they clearly care about their players and the product itself Will be keeping a eye out for future releases from them.If you have any doubts look at a few of the stickied threads to see the developers love for the community and the game, and notice that to date there are 377 Positive reveiws and only two negative :P"
,Recommended,218410,9442139,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,genoforprez,"An excellent tower defense game that is traditional in all the ways I love but innovative where it counts. Instead of placing towers, you're placing party members. Like a traditional TD game, there are resource points you acquire within a round that you can spend on placing new towers (i.e. allies) or buffing the towers you've already placed. In Defender's Quest, this resource is called ""PSI"", which is essentially the ""mana"" of Azra (aka: you, the commander).  Howevever, Defender's Quest also gives you two other resources to spend BETWEEN rounds: gold and experience.Experience is used to unlock abilities on an ally's skill tree, thereby making them available to use in battle. (Each skill is assigned a power level and is not available in battle until you buff this ally to that level using PSI points.)Gold is used to hire new allies into the party or to purchase armor/weapon upgrades for individual allies, which immediately and permanently boosts their stats (i.e. unlike skill upgrades, these are conferred immediately at the start of battle---no PSI points required.)Every level can be replayed as many times as you want to farm XP and gold, and every level has multiple difficulty settings that earn you better gold/XP rewards for beating them. (There is no penalty for running away.) Beating the highest difficulty on some levels earns you a legendary weapon or armor, far more powerful than anything you'll find in shops.The only bad thing I could possibly say about the game is that the art in the cutscenes makes the game's aesthetic somewhat comparable to something you'd find on a flash portal. By flash portal standards, the artwork is amazing. By overall industry standards, the art seems a little amateur. The in-game art is pixely and SNES-tastic. I criticize only the cutscene art here. But in the end, it doesn't even really matter, because the cutscenes have no effect on gameplay, and you can even skip over them all if you like. The game itself is A+.If you like Tower Defense, it's one of the better TD games in the Steam catalogue."
,Recommended,218410,23592992,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Battletoad,recommend
,Recommended,218410,9124410,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Remco32,A fun take on the tower defence genre.
76561198006567656,Recommended,218410,30360404,Posted: 6 March,all,Star Paladin,"Fun, simple little game."
76561198057809284,Recommended,218410,6041657,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,APoCaLyPSE NoW,"One best video game ever.+ Big demo to be concinced+ Tower defence (summon heroes/friends to kill monsters/bosses, 6 x 6 units)+ Awesome RPG system (6 classes + main character, skills (boost tiers & traits))+ Great story+ 4 level of difficulties (casual --> extreme)+ Progressive difficulty with interresting challenges+ Never be stuck (always leveling just replaying any battlefield as any difficulties), unlock battlefield and come back to it everytime+ game+, hero mod+ Steam workshopYou can buy it worth money tough."
,Recommended,218410,8865753,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,HazzardousDuke,"Are you looking for an old school RPG mixed with tower defence? ... No?... well you should because this game is awesome! Witty story mixed with fun combat, Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten will be the cause of taking you away from socialising for many hours. From the start where you have only one berserker defender who is about as inappropriate as a fat guy in a speedo... to the ending where you have a multitude of dragons who for some reason look like they are grinning at me in some kind of sneaky/pedo like fashion .  You will be entertained by the dialogue and the awesomeness of slaughtering more enemies than you can shake a stick at. Pick it up for $1.45 on the steam sale and you will not be upset."
76561198000968482,Recommended,218410,26079097,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Eonwe,Very good tower defense game with some rpg elements. Loved it !
76561198029751280,Recommended,218410,34007923,Posted: 3 August,all,SoLiDSoNiC,i liked it
76561197991644127,Recommended,218410,1336244,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,- DUHASSTMICH -,YOU KILL PIXALATION. GOOD KILL. FUN KILL. LOTS KILLS.
,Recommended,218410,28356792,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Smoker,Addicting
,Recommended,218410,28574998,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Notorious DFD,Crashed just before I won the last battle. Cool game.
76561197995434891,Not Recommended,218410,13077360,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Mister Handyman,"First off, I do recommend this game when it drops to around 5 bucks at most. I picked this game up on sale. At 15 dollars, no, this game is not worth it at all.This is a simple tower defense game which only occupies a few screens across the entire game. Really isn't much to it. Feels like you are playing in a room or two.The game is woefully unbalanced. For 90% of the game you can breeze by with only using Archers playing each level on it's hardest difficulty. This also means beating the game and then playing in game in it's second quest, which is just a repea of the game but harder. Problem is, the game is mostly a cakewalk until the end of the second quest where you hit this wall. And that is where the main problem is....Grinding. FOr some odd reason this game has you grinding. This game takes Tower Defense and ads the worst element from an MMO - Grinding. Now, to beat the game I have to grind the same maps over and over and over, jsut to beat the final few levels.Overall, did you find this while it had a 5 dollar price tag like I did? Buy it. It's fun up until the grinding hits. Did you find this game as it's full, overblown 15 dollar price tag? Avoid it completely."
,Recommended,218410,1859823,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Insane Wizard,I WILL TEAR YOUR FACES OFF AND USE YOUR SKULLS TO HOLD DECORATIVE HOUSEPLANTS
76561198067882516,Recommended,218410,7977443,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Comments123,This is basically final fantasy tactics as a tower defense game. It's pretty amazing.
76561198053262502,Recommended,218410,8864146,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Beautiful Duwang,"This is a very good game, if you like Tower Defenses. I got this when it was $1.49 but it is definetly worth the $15 dollar normal value. It has a VERY good story, good graphics, and fun gameplay. It is pretty fun to try to complete everything 100%, and also getting good weapons for it. All in all, it's and amazing game and you should get it."
76561197996578080,Recommended,218410,1694440,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,1ee,best towerdefense ever
76561197982293806,Recommended,218410,9209294,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Stuff,"A Tower Defense game with a story (yes, a story and a good one) with lots of things to do. You don't get to see this every day, folks."
,Recommended,218410,2459554,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,bowmore,Hey wow this game is really fun and the art style is really growing on me! You guys should totally buy it if you don't have it already!!!
76561197971885100,Recommended,218410,14769475,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Target Practice,"Such a great game.  Good story, love the humor between the characters, but where it really shines is the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,218410,16845833,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,FurrySnowflake,"The graphics and soundtrack aren't so good, the cutscenes are a bit lame, and the game becomes too repetitive after a while."
,Recommended,218410,1939305,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Upsilon,"7/10 DQ is a tower defense game. Don't gimme that look: this one's actually unique with its own personality. DQ mixes RPG into the blend as well with character trees, equipment, and classes. Your ""party members"" serve as your towers. The story is pretty good; a lot better than most games of this genre. The writing is awesome and there's a lot to do/see.  Combat is fun, but there's no depth to it. Once you get gear and the basics, you snowball from half way onward, plowing through everything near-effortlessly. The game also suffers bizarre frame drops. Seeing that this game's graphics are 16+ bit, it's inexcusable to have to compensate for input lag on such an undemanding game.  The price is also a bit high. If you can find it on sale, definately pick up DQ!"
76561197971476410,Not Recommended,218410,14459573,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,losershoes,"Weak recommend. It's a flash game. A very basic tower defense game. Casual, spend a few hours at most. There's role playing elements, but it's not a central theme to the game. It's very GRINDy, where there's so many incentives to just repeat levels to level up instead of rethinking strategy. Maybe that's the crux. Tower defense games shouldn't have XP points. If the game costs more than $3, I wouldn't recommend."
76561197963084528,Not Recommended,218410,25920531,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,thegh0st,I found the game pretty boring. It's a tower defense game with same RPG elements packed into a story.Only buy it if you really like tower defense games.For me it didn't work out.
76561198100169881,Not Recommended,218410,15847475,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,76561198100169881,"If you want a little more story and a little less replayablility, here's your game.-Edit-I guess it would be better to say that after finishing, i had no desire to replay, lol"
76561198075409548,Not Recommended,218410,16982717,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Pr0crast1n8,RPG mechanics fail to distinguish it from anything other than just another tower defence game.
,Recommended,218410,30045280,Posted: 19 February,all,MILO,10/10!
76561198081371819,Not Recommended,218410,23373508,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"This game was fun for a while, but it gets hard fast and will likely require some grinding to finiish.If you like tower defense, rpgs, and grinding this game could be fun. I'm not sure I will ever play it again though and so cannot really recommend it."
,Not Recommended,218410,29557422,Posted: 28 January,all,Lilith,"Looks, plays, and feels like a flash game. Nostalgia strikes again?Art, Character Design, Story, and UI is mediocre at best, gameplay boils down to having enough high level units to kill enemy hordes, placement doesn't matter, there's no real strategy.I didn't find any of the promised depth in the game, just grinding for meager level ups to clear higher difficulties.It'd be okay to pick up on a sale, but overall I'd recommend Gemcraft: Chasing Shadows to people looking for a good TD experience instead."
76561198032536288,Not Recommended,218410,13409033,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Red XIII,"Meh, a simple game the controlls work well.  I've enjoyed some castle defense games and this one has some good aditions but nothing blew me away."
76561198013594187,Not Recommended,218410,13428986,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Straychild,"Heh, well this game is pretty crap. Its tower defense trying to be clever but imo just fails, there isn't enough maps or ""towers"" and compared to other tower defense-games its worse than any other I played."
,Not Recommended,218410,8855629,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,[AUT] Tufeau,"AFTER installing the game I got to read the EULA in which Level Up Labs reserves itself the right to collect ANY data from you (personally identifiable or not), change the privacy policy at ANY time (they just have to announce it on 'their' website without even mentioning a specific URL). There are even some terms, that are illegal in my contry, therefore the EULA is VOID here (but probably not in the US). But that won't prevent Level Up Labs from scanning your computer for any data they might be interested in, if the choose to do so.I don't know if Level Up Labs has ill intent or are just way to inexperienced to write an EULA. But as of now this is their (more or less) legal binding EULA.Therefore I refused the EULA and didn't get to play the game.DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME and only buy/install it, if you DON'T care about things like like this."
76561198006605382,Not Recommended,218410,24256128,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,wieahimmer,"First of all, I can’t recommend this game.After the overwhelming reviews, I was really happy to finally see another good tower defense game.What did I get, a bland, mediocre and basic game…….What are my reasons for my harsh criticism??Here are Two:1. Characters and Story, are just badly written. For instance the Berserker: he likes shoes and fighting, that’s the whole character, no real backstory, no real emotions, no nothing.......Ok no character has a real backstory in this game or any real emotional turmoil.2. The game mechanics are so basic, you have 6!!! Different types of Towers…….Equipment is uninteresting because every item is just a stat boost in the same attributes, +1 Sword, +2 Sword, for example.The skill System is ok, but it doesn’t have a big impact in fights. Sure it changes your tactics a little but it’s not a big difference.Granted DD games aren’t known for their good writing and often mechanics in these games are basic.But to give a game like this overwhelmingly good Reviews ??????? WHY ?????Its ok, its decent, on a 1-10 I would give it 5 or 6.But for God damn 14 bucks I can’t recommend buying this game!!!!! (Maybe for 2.99)."
,Not Recommended,218410,29483671,Posted: 25 January,all,funkyman50,"It's fine, but I think there are better Tower Defense games out there for free on flash sites. The art is kinda ugly and with just a little bit of grinding you can break the difficulty curve of the game.Bloons TD is a better game, unless you need a (not very good) story as a part of  your tower defense experience."
,Not Recommended,218410,21332426,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Co1uRZz,fifteen bucks for a game that crashes every hour on the hour
76561198061443987,Not Recommended,218410,30947351,Posted: 4 April,all,orbit237,52/100-) too simple-) little strategic-) clumsy and not convincing story-) repetitive -> boring-) only 6 unit+) not using my brain+) sometimes a little addictivesummary) mediocre defense game
,Not Recommended,218410,30050300,Posted: 19 February,all,Pier,"There are some interesting game design aspects, but the tedious UI kills all the charm."
,Not Recommended,218410,12842585,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,C@TR00T,"The game is actually pretty short. Storyline is not that rich as well as it's presentation. The main problem with the game is the fact it lacks a new mechanics, so in the end you will play just another tower defence with a tiny hint of ""rpg""."
,Not Recommended,218410,25979616,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,YYZ,"Another case of the most common tower deffense disease, called ""sudden difficulty spike"" which ruins your immersion (since there is an actual script in here) and makes you dropp it. For shame."
76561197969655186,Not Recommended,218410,28462926,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,StenchMaster,"Must level grind characters to complete game. No tactics required. Poor targeting. Dreadful story. Worse ""Tower Defense"" game I've had the misfortune of playing. Not really a tower defense game. I don't understand how this game got so many positive reviews. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,218410,9195279,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Louis,It's a bit Arsey.
,Not Recommended,218410,8936903,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Jumpman,this game sucks♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,218410,33415541,Posted: 9 July,all,Pickle Rick,"basic, confusing, redundant, difficult to see. don't understand the abundance of positive reviews"
,Not Recommended,218410,29747131,Posted: 6 February,all,Lilith Nightshade,Play first mission again after haven't playing for so long and can't even place first unit. Can't even play now. Uninstalled and won't be touching it for a long time.
,Recommended,218410,4638891,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Dorrulf,"Superb mix of tower defense and RPG elements! Love the look and feel, as well as the inventive mechanics. Plus it is all tied together by a well told story full of good humor. Slak!"
,Recommended,218410,548307,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,JJT,Very nice tower defence / rpg hybrid.  A proof content and depth are more important then state-of-the-art visuals.  Worth every cent and more. 8/10 (10/10 when focus on value/price).
,Recommended,218410,2972598,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,Funnymonk15,"I literally bought this game for $5.09 on daily deal, and played for 7 hours straight. Great spinoff of standard tower defense games, with tons of customization of your ""towers"". So much fun for a tower defense fanatic, 10/10 for $5.09."
,Recommended,218410,283404,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,Gaist Heidegger,"This game is really addicting and a lot of fun; the writing is pretty entertaining and the mechanics are solid.  As advertised, it's tower defense + rpg electric boogaloo--but I found myself enjoying it in a similar vein to tactical rpgs.  You follow the general progression of getting 'hero' characters of each class, but can then also fill out your ranks with others of their ilk as you go; completing challenges or higher difficulties of battles can often end up netting you new gear to kit out your characters with and overall I found that a lot of fun.  I recommend this game.~"
,Recommended,218410,1489500,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,DYSIOD☰,"So this game is stupid fun. All the reviews on the store page? All of them are true. It's a simple, elegant, easy to learn, easy to play, and quick to try new things tower defense game. If you've ever enjoyed any TD game ever this game will amuse you to no end. It also has a cute, quirky story that helps pull you along."
,Recommended,218410,1214743,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,DasMatze,A nice mix between Tower Defense and RPG. I recommend having a look at the demo. The only thing I don't like about this game are the short battles. But the official mod support might solve this problem.
,Recommended,218410,1407918,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,i dont work with ashyru anymore,"If you like tower defense, buy this game. The tower defense genre you know and love with RPG elements."
,Recommended,218410,7776466,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,[354NC] MithrilMike,"A simple to learn tower defense game with a great sense of humor, Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten has an enjoyable campaign.  Each level can be played multiple times with different difficulty settings and greater rewards for completion.  Finishing the campaign lets you play again in a harder mode that adds a few extra cut scenes to the story.  Easy to jump into and play a quick level, but hard to put down after you get started.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,218410,2608576,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,jtron,"It's like FINAL FANTASY CRYSTAL GUARDIANS, except much better, with an art and humor overlay that is highly reminiscent of John Allison's brilliant SCARY GO ROUND webcomic. I spent more than four hours playing once I'd installed it, and I'm only about 1/6 through the game. If you like your fantasy tactics and tower defense without the portentous thud of grimdark nonsense, this is the game for you."
76561197969848510,Recommended,218410,370643,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,naked gnome,Solid tower defender and so far a silly and enjoyable story line. I am liking the RPG aspect a lot too. Bought it for 5 on sale and it's definately worth 10-15
,Recommended,218410,10425080,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Kon Owens,"An extremely good example of combining RPG elements with Tower Defense style game play. The game itself is inherently simple: place unit, beat back undead horde, dont get your face eaten off in the ensuing panic when one of your units dies and the mob overruns you. Still, I find this game extremely challenging and rewarding. The dialogue keeps bringing me back, and I have yet to beat new game plus, but, if you have 15 bucks to spare, pick it up, set up your minons, and enjoy."
,Recommended,218410,1761921,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,Jack Forsythe,"This game is so good I've bought it twice, once on the original place I found it: kongregate and again on here!"
,Recommended,218410,7335871,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,☕ Aragorn 🐧,"jogo tower defense simples , mas muito bomum dos poucos , se não for o unico que já vi com tema medievaltem aspecto de rpgs , com níveis e upgrades de personagensuma boa história, narrada ao estilo visual novel.tower defense+rpgaspecto+visualnovelaltamente recomendado !!!tower defense game simple but very goodone of the few, if not the only one I've ever seen with medieval themehas aspect of rpgs, levels and upgrades of charactersa good story, narrated-style like a visual novel.tower defense+rpgaspects+visualnovelHighly recommended!!"
,Recommended,218410,1189653,"Posted: 2 November, 2012",all,Sitchy,"This game is simply amazing, I love TD and I love RPG and combining them is just awesome. I have finished one play through and only now feel like I am starting the real game in New Game +, everyone should play this if they like TD or RPG's."
76561198016001038,Recommended,218410,3018405,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,영혼,"I absolutely love Defender's Quest Valley of the Forgotten. When I read tower defence rpg I was a little lost. I have never heard of the two being combined and wondered how it could be done.The rpg side of this game is based around the story of Azra; Azra is a royal librarian who found herself in the forgotten zone - a plague ridden part of the kingdom and things went crazy. Along the way Azra met people to aid her in her journy to find out what is going on. People like Slak and khetti (names can be changed I kept them default though). the players met along your journy become your towers and placed in a standard tower defence way, slak for example is a berserker who slashes and slaughters light hp targets, and khetti is an archer. The characters are leveld up over time so the player can equip them with gear and put points into skills such as slaks flurry to hit 5 targets at once.Now back to Azra; since the game revolves around her what role does this librarian play. Well in combat you are summoned to the spirit world to kill the plague ridden posessed citizens. Azra levels up with your characters so she can cast damage spells, buffs, and heals to your people during combat. The heal is very advantagous because your people will die. . . HOWEVER they can be resummoned. To prevent deaths one of the options is to equip them with armor which can be purchased and unlocked at certain points in the game along with other mercenaries.overall I rate this game 5/5  due to the 5 dollar sale price during steam weekly sale and the unique story and combat. The game also supports the steam workshop so that you can continue the game with player made levels which I have not tried yet.For the cons of this game I have not found any but some players might be turned off by the non applicable voice acting, all of the narrating is texted out."
76561197974761049,Recommended,218410,8936652,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,nemo_annonymous,"A solid casual tower defense game; basically everything the sales blub says.  Defender's Quest is probably the closest game to Plants vs Zombies in terms of combining flexible strategy, casual accessibility, and general charm.  Combined with the low price, you can't go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,218410,4828577,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Iggi,"If NES had a Tower Defense game this would be it.  The graphics are pretty bad, and the storyline is a little bland, but some of the characters did make me laugh.  The gameplay is where this game shines, and deciding where to place your hero's (towers really) is all part of the fun.  You get to level up your hero's, as well as your main character to add a litte more damage or utility depending.  It's pretty fun, would wait for it to go on sale though.  If you like Tower Defense games and old school graphics by all means, get this."
76561198042674305,Recommended,218410,9150002,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,BunnyChow,Good tower defense.
76561197990994295,Recommended,218410,9661365,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Lhetre,"Seamless tower defense + RPG blend with lots of humour. I particularly like the cutscenes, which allow one to grow fond of the main characters. Developers were kind enough to add more game modes for both hardcore and casual players.Well thought maps and a gentle difficult curb make for a pleasant gaming experience. You'll end the game wanting for more.A must have.Keep an eye open for the sequel!"
,Recommended,218410,9645469,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,[OCR]SirChadly,"Delicious blend of Tower Defense and RPG. The gameplay is TD with 6 different types of ""towers"" (up to 6 characters of 6 classes for a possible max of 36 units) who level up between stages, and you can improve attributes through unique skill trees. You can also visit stores to buy improved weapons and armor. The plot, writing, and humor are way above average for TD games. It also has a ""New Game+"" mode to entice you to keep playing and beat new challenges after you beat the game. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,218410,9650412,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,davvvvvvvid,"Brilliant TD game.Apart from balance and rubberband difficulty, this game provides ridiculously weird and awesome characters.For a dollar and this much enjoyment, I'd definitely recommend it."
76561197998237568,Recommended,218410,1805565,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Odude,Good blend of tower defense and RPG. Well worth the money.
,Recommended,218410,9671480,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,YoGattoGatto,"Worth it.Lots of replay value, and modsI don't even like TD games"
,Recommended,218410,9813949,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Draogun,"Interesting concept for a tower defense game leveling up individual units along the way, not the greatest animations but quite fun."
76561198036199927,Recommended,218410,9677797,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Tosanery,"This is a fun little tower defense game that also mixes in the skill trees and gear aspects from rpgs. The story is meh, with a two choice ending. I'd reccomend it to anyone looking to scratch that TD itch."
,Recommended,218410,8971597,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,CrawlinUK,"This was and is a great tower defence game. It compares to Crystal Defenders, with the addition of leveling up charectars up. For thoes not farmiliar with Crystal Defenders, you have to defend set path befors the bad guys get to the goal. You defend it with units, Archers, warriors, magicians, etc, by placing them on route so that they attack the enemy as they make their way to the goal. You can power up each of the units every battle, upon victoy you will be awarded with experiance which will level up your charectars.Highly recomended, this unique style is unique and makes the game more enjoyable."
76561198055668540,Recommended,218410,9774819,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,mphillipsx2,Pretty Sweet twist on tower Defense. Storyline is pretty interesting and the new game plus mode adds a whole new degree of difficulty. Worth the cheap price. Definitely 10/10
,Recommended,218410,9829508,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Jackie.gc,"Bought it when it was $1.49.  Definitely got my money's worth out of it.  If the game wasn't on sale, I probably wouldn't have considered it at all, but I'm glad I did and if you're thinking about it, you should definitely stop thinking and get it.  The price I paid for it felt like I was stealing it it's such an enjoyable game.  The RPG elements give a good amount of depth to what is already an overly-done genre (Tower Defense), but this game approaches it at a different angle and the end result is that it is very refreshing...kind of like drinking a cold glass of <insert favorite beverage here> on a humid summer's day."
76561198034283566,Recommended,218410,9077586,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Moist Valhalla,"This is the most fun I've had with a tower deffense RPG in a long time and I only paid $1.49, wait for the Steam Spring Sale to get it, when you beat the you're not done yet with new game plus it will last you many, many hours 10/10 would buy."
,Recommended,218410,8908771,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,///SYN///Wrath,Tower RTS / RPG Hybrid - very well done.
,Recommended,218410,8909204,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Xzarik,"Saw this on sale and bought it on a whim.SWEET JESUS am I addicted.The quirky storyline, the loveable characters, the EPIC gameplay...I mean look at how many reviews i've written. NONE. Or maybe one for a steam achievement, I can't remember, but this is the only game i've felt I needed to review because it is that good.Buy this. You won't regret it. I kinda feel guilty for picking it up on the sale, but hey ho. Cheap at twice the price."
,Recommended,218410,8910473,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Zerate,"Not bad, A new RPG take on tower defence a must buy when on sale!"
76561198006181135,Recommended,218410,8911317,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Jymmy,Great game. Fun to play with a good story and plenty of wit sprinkled in.  I recommend it.
,Recommended,218410,8912383,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Brizzyce,"I was a bit skeptical about this game at first because I wasn't a huge fan of the art, but HOLY CRAP this game is fun and addictive. As othes have said, it combines tower defense with RPG elements, but that description doesn't really do it justice since it leaves out other great features like the great story and hilarious dialogue. If you're the type of person that likes to watch your characters level up and feel like you're really progressing, then I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198032635303,Recommended,218410,8912587,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,SnoBall-Mage,"This game is seriously a fun RPG.... or Tower Defence.... or whatever. the point is, it's a great game. The only bad thing about it is the lazy UI, but that is'nt a good enough reason not to buy this game."
76561198030985910,Recommended,218410,8933389,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,BlueFalcon,"I saw this game on sale for a really cheap price so I thought about buying it.  It didn't have a metascore I could see, so I started to read some reviews.  Every review for this game stated it was addictive and fun to play, and I couldn't find a negative review.  Well, I'm adding to the list of positive reviews - this game is great!   I love tower defense games, but this one is different than the others I've played before.  As you progress, you add people to your party that help you defend against the monsters that are attacking, and the characters you add are part of the story.  Also, your party levels up through combat and gain new skills.   I find myself playing this game too late at night, instead of going to bed, because I want to fight just one more battle.  I purchased this game on sale, but it is worth every bit of 14.99."
76561197993589983,Recommended,218410,8933567,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Madash,feel so guilty i only paid £1.19 for this as it is the best tower defense game i have played to date.
76561198104547845,Recommended,218410,9089786,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,bdog,"pros- great and funny characters, game play is easy and fun, difficulty increase is reasonable and is challanging at the same time, You can go back if you pressed the cont. to soon in conversation, Not one tactic in the game is really better than another with few exceptions with certain boss fights and some wave of enemies, the game has good incentive for replay value with being able to read our protagonist's journalCon-The game play mechanic is pretty typical of any tower defense gamesum- Defender's is good game for tower defense addicts who want to have have characters that can make them laugh and they can care about. Additionally this game fixs a lot of things that are frustrating about tower games however this game is a tower game at heart should be avoid if it isn't your style otherwise you will love the storyline and the good gameplay."
76561198089309838,Recommended,218410,9086426,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Hozer,Amazing game. If you like Tower Defence games; even a little bit. I recommend giving this a shot. And playing it a 2nd go on new game + for a better challenge.
,Recommended,218410,6378421,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,PassionPoop,"This undoubtedly something of a hidden gem. The writing, scope and depth is amazing and the amount of conent on offer for only $15 is brilliant."
,Recommended,218410,135098,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,omgitsgene,"This is a pretty straightforward, classic Tower Defense game.  That being said, it is one of the most solid Tower Defense games that I have ever played.  It comes with a lot of character and a lot of options.  I bought it for full price.  I think it is justifiable at full price considering how much I like tower defense.  On sale there is no reason to pass this up."
76561197970594435,Recommended,218410,9491333,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Blimbeard,"Not normally a fan of Tower defence type games, but this game is thoroughly charming and enjoyable. I found it to be fun and compelling throughout, and there is a real element of 'just one more level' addictiveness to it.The graphics are basic but nicely drawn, and the RPG elements differentiate it from the myriad of cookie cutter tower defence games that seem to exist,Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,218410,9491544,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Magnumドン,Fun Game + Great (Free) soundtrack.10/10
76561198100662580,Recommended,218410,9728635,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Iduno,"I enjoyed tower defense games a few years ago, and got this one on sale. The added story, humor, and rpg elements really added to the game.Some of the weapons/armor available as rewards seemed weak during the initial play-through of the game, but really mattered during the new game+ playthrough. Levels also mattered less, meaning just grinding out levels in new game+ didn't help for long. The game allows for a reasonable amount of challenge throughout the game, with a somewhat more steep increase at the end. In addition, you can choose the level of rewards as a percentage for winning and losing a level to make failing matter more or less and make grinding more or less necessary."
,Recommended,218410,4298946,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,misanthropic_ape,I cannot stop playing this game.  The only problem I can find with it is that it's not on my S4 or Nexus 7 so I can play it all day.
76561198016610531,Recommended,218410,9019508,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Idios ~ 山外,"Typical tower defense is the crumbly biscuit base. Layer on some RPG customisability for your hero's gear and skillset, and you're ready to fight the Revenant. Pile their bodies on the base, press down and enjoy the pie - after having let it set in the fridge for a couple hours."
76561198051069576,Recommended,218410,9578825,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,vahla,"If you are looking for an amazing tower defense game, I am highly recommending this.Unit's you recruit to fight for you have individual levels, skill trees, and equipment which is a really great mechanic.  I was going to play for 30 minutes and had to stop 2 hours later because I kept telling myself one more fight..."
,Recommended,218410,9578875,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Razoredge198,Opposite of fun.nuf. HAH. SEE WHAT I DID?srs doe fun gaym
76561197995630835,Recommended,218410,9579145,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Grimjack,"Second or Third most enjoyable Tower Defense game I've ever played.  And probably the deepest and most clever.  It actually does successfully combine a RPG with a TD game.  There is a story with some twists that temporarily affect your characters.  You do care about their skill advancement, and with several classes to choose from, you do balance out their skills, and equipment.It inspires you to go back and try to beat older levels, but do better to earn better rewards.  You'll focus on specific classes for specific maps, trying different strategies.  And even has a very large range of creatures stomping across the various landscapes.I got it during a big special, but recommend it full price for anyone who enjoys Tower Defense games, and doesn't just want to finish, but also perfect their strategy!"
76561198006486844,Recommended,218410,9410892,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Halflingspy,"Definitely worth it: If you like Tower Defense, Snarky Writing, and a bit of RPG stat management, this is the game for you.  Its a mixture of a lot of 'classic' style gameplay all into one.    Worth the amount it is, and I can't wait for the sequel!Here is a more in-depth look at it as an article:http://spritesanddice.blogspot.com/2013/07/defenders-quest-review-mashup-of-old.html"
,Recommended,218410,9415713,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Nomkins,"Run.Run away while you can.Grab your precious time and run far, far away from this game.It will consume you, and you will know RPG Tower-Defense bliss."
,Recommended,218410,9618172,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Shawn,Very fun!
76561198017867537,Recommended,218410,9623918,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Spectre,"Suprisingly good tower defence game, but in no way worth £12.00. Pick it up for £3.00 or so and its worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,218410,4918431,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,BlitzKaiser,Highly addictive! played the game for 12 hrs straight; This game is a gem like FF:T caliber
,Recommended,218410,9291383,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,geekaycee,I bought this on a Steam super sale for a few dollars and it turned out to be one of the best TD games I have ever played. Would have gladly paid full price for it.
,Recommended,218410,9295754,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Sir3rd Dimension,One of the best tower defender game out there is have enjoy every single momment i have spent in this game. it totaly worth it and now waiting for the second part of it!
76561198063240445,Recommended,218410,9307877,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ryan,great great game!
76561197999535765,Recommended,218410,8937870,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,GrimKat,"The story is interesting, the characters are relatable, and the gameplay is addictive. I found myself spending hours going back to complete all the levels of a battle. This surprised me since I'm not normally into tower defense games, so I reccomend this one whole heartedly."
76561198009061056,Recommended,218410,2544044,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,DontMinDMeDooD,"it is what it claims to be, a tower defence with regular RPG leveling, and NO BS. very tweakable in terms of difficulty"
76561198019876150,Recommended,218410,9134593,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,g_bassi13,"I've enjoyed the hell out of this game. I'm not one to typically enjoy tower defence games in general, but the choices made by the designers seem to be all the right ones. With it's characters/squad. leveling up, weapon/armour equipping, and heavy focus on story, it's really an RPG hybrid.It's probably the story and characters that I've enjoyed as much as anything in the game. I don't know if my very limited experience with Tower Defence games would make my recommending this game less meaningful, but I like to think that my playing this game so much, with my previous non-interest in the genre, says everything about what this game was able to achieve."
,Recommended,218410,3244150,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Gwarf,Great tower defense + RPG. Prepare to enjoy spending a lot of time playing it.
76561197993357171,Recommended,218410,8902124,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,tincu,It's the best tower defense game ever.  If you like this genre you have to buy it :)
76561198056182412,Recommended,218410,8902206,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Prince Pavil,"If you like ""Defense"" games you will love this! It gives a new spin on the genre. The writing is also very funny!"
,Recommended,218410,8904305,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,fizil,Just finished up my first play through of the game.  I really liked the inventory system and RPG elements of the game.  The story line is humorous and enjoyable.
76561198057785281,Recommended,218410,8906256,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,MalibuStacy,"I really liked it! I love TDs and having one paired with RPG was rly fun! It is challenging so you won't get bored.I just think it's too expensive for what it is but if it's on sale, go for it."
,Recommended,218410,8906851,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Renegade,Awesome game 9/10
,Recommended,218410,9039408,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,LocoPojo,"Tower Defense games are pretty hard to get right - they have to be unique from their predecessors, have a sense of progression, and be mechanically sound throughout, lest they become a boring slog.  I'm pleased to report that Defender's Quest gets it all right.  The characterization of each ""tower"" lends a lot of investment into the game itself, the RPG elements are fun and interesting without breaking the game in half, and the starred progression system meant that I was always seeking - and finding - a new challenge that was scaled to my level.  It's a good story too - simple and filled with pithy dialogue.The best TD I have played - ate days upon days of my time and, oh god, there's a new game plus mode. Halp."
,Recommended,218410,1696436,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Biff Hardjaw,"This game is an excellent blend of light RPG story, character development and Tower Defense gameplay. You take on the role of Azra, who finds herself gifted with a mysterious power to summon beings into a ""halfway"" world where nothing is truly alive or dead. Tasked with escaping a desolate dungeon called ""The Pit"", Azra meets a variety of companions (heroes of different classes) along the way and unravels the mysteries and secrets surrounding the plague that has swept across the land.Upgrade your heroes with class-based skill trees, equipment and boost them up with Azra's magic! This one is definitely a gem, although could use a bit more polish in the graphics department. I enjoyed it thoroughly and advise buying it on sale or with a coupon."
,Recommended,218410,9027241,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,[Mar] Pengwndude,"This is primarily a tower defense game. RPG elements are in there, but it's not an RPG.I liked it enough. The gameplay works. There are only 6 types of towers but the RPG stuff balances out that sort of thing. As a tower defense, it's fine.The story is ""written by an english major"" but that doesn't mean it's good. It's not bad, but it's just so vanilla in a sense and the overall plot feels lacking. The trailer made me think the story was going one way and it ended up just being stereotypical fantasy rpg setting and sometimes tries too hard. Also each plot point HAS to make way for a battle for obvious reasons so that has to get jammed in there.Overall, fun, but I'm not bothering with new game+."
,Recommended,218410,1499431,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,illystriel,i have not been this addicted to a game in many years
,Recommended,218410,8899730,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Nikki Tanaka,"Honestly, after this splendid videogame you may fall in love with the tower-defence genre. So, be careful!"
,Recommended,218410,1193458,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,ASH+Vocaholic,"Truly the most fun I ever had with a Tower Defence game.Honestly my first thought when I saw this game was the same as with all the other Indie TDs that have come out: a game that can be fun for a short while but nothing more.. I'm glad to have been proven wrong.The RPG mechanics like the continuous progression / levelling of your party / ""towers"" and managing equipment makes for a really interesting and enjoyable game with quite some depth to it. Everything else such as the little bits of humor and customization  is just music to my ears. ..and on that note, the soundtrack is captivating <3 It's a game you really need to play yourself to understand it's greatness.Definitely a recommendation for both fans and newcomers to the Genre..!"
76561197991096666,Recommended,218410,20314385,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Richter_Belmont_Scale,It's okay.
76561198063140990,Recommended,218410,20400210,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,BigGuyWithLIttleJam,"Great game. I love the story, the characters, and world. Great accessibility menu for hardcore and more casual players alike.My only complaint is that there is a lot of stuff in New Game+ that felt like it should've just been left in the first playthrough. A normal play through feels like a light rpg experience you might get on a mobile game. The New Game+ on the other game actually feels more like a great new addition for RPG and Tower Defense fans alike.PS- If you are a completionist, or just want to challenge yourself, there is an achievement for finishing the game without hiring any generic units. You basically have to win the game with only one of each unit type. It can be done, and I actually found the game more fun to play this way."
76561198010212318,Recommended,218410,2627418,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Bucketoffish,Good td.  You can copy paste game data to other pcs and still works outside of steam.
,Recommended,218410,20283312,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,WaterBear22,"SO I was supposed to go to bed multiple hours ago, but I just could'n't pull myself away! This game is the first Tower Defense RPG I've ever seen and it get's everything right. Great music that keeps you entranced, comical art design, diverse dialogue and some of the best tower defense I've played in a while. Very easy to get into and the lvl system means if you get stuck you can go back to previuos missions and scale up to the missions you are having trouble on.11/10"
76561198216033504,Recommended,218410,20772586,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,gruenzeugslerner,"Very, very good game... I played it... just have an hour was, what I said.... approximately four hours later I got a shock, couldn't be that I played such long... and it happend again, at least two times.... can recommemend it! Buy it, damn! :D"
76561197995321002,Recommended,218410,20708180,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Discount,"It's a lot longer than I expected, which is great because I'm having fun."
76561198030323152,Recommended,218410,20308706,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,anticloud,"So simple but so much fun. I didn't finish because I have too many things to do, like school."
76561198234431684,Recommended,218410,20548396,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Vyrdaus,"This game is amazing, easily the best Tower Defense game I've ever played."
76561198005691959,Recommended,218410,20834552,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,"Sequester Grundleplith, M.D.","A really fun take on the Tower Defense genre that blends in just the right amount of RPG elements.  The game is well-balanced so that it's challenging but rarely frustrating.  The talent trees for each class are well-designed, and the game doesn't feel ""over-balanced"" to the point that everything is homogenous and bland.  None of the classes is blatantly overpowered (eh, maybe archers) or totally useless, but there are definitely options that are stronger than others and half the fun is figuring out what works best in what situation.If I have one complaint, it's that the writing is absolutely painful.  Generick fantasy schlock mixed with cringeworthy attempts at humor.  This doesn't really drag the experience down too much, though, since the plot is perfunctory and all of the cutscenes are skippable."
76561198041068255,Recommended,218410,12702506,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Sambox,"This game is so awesome. there is not a single aspect i did not enjoy about this title. The gameplay is fun, the story is engaging and the music is awesome. In fact i am listening to it as i right this review. So overall this game is worth the fifteen bucks or even $50"
76561197982089533,Recommended,218410,21375574,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Chaos GMR,Decent Tower Defense with a good story.
,Recommended,218410,7382269,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Bear Scientist,Awesome strategy/tower defense game.  Level up your characters and upgrade their equipment and skills and place them on the map of each level like you would do with buildings in a tower defense game.
76561198045882856,Recommended,218410,21284768,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,pharmgrinder,This game is pretty cool.  It's tower defense where your towers are men and they get experience and level up as they would in a role playing game.  It is a bit grindy but pretty addictive also.It doesn't look super great  but it isn't bad. I play it on ubuntu 14.04 linux plugged into to the living room TV.  That works well.  Although for some reason it never remebers my graphics settings so I have to reset the scale each time.  Also it has borders on the right and left even if I choose a wide screen resolution.  Also it seems to have a memory leak or something because after an hour or two it lags out.  At any rate these are minor annoyances to a pretty solid game.I installed it awhile ago and checked it out a bit and didn't play it for a few months.  It kept calling me back and I have been having fun with it. It's a good game and 15 bucks is a fair price.
,Recommended,218410,8884607,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,"Mr. Mundy, The Sniper","Pretty cool game. I came back to edit my previous review from over two years ago.Its a really cool game.Very TD-esque.Nice storyCool Items/WeaponsVery linear, which is nice."
,Recommended,218410,534090,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,Florus,"One of the best Tower Defense genre games that i've played. It's quite challenging and it has a engaing storyline presented in cartoony cut scenes. Brilliant dialogues, even during gameplay and very good gameplay. Sound and graphics are obviously flash in origin, but there very good for that type of game. Try the demo if you've got a cravin for a good TD-game and then buy this!"
,Recommended,218410,4041055,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Sparroh,This game is absolutely worth the price. I was really surprised by how fun it is.
,Recommended,218410,23588909,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Katz,I LOVE THIS GAME. SEQUEL WHEN ALREADY?! TAKE MY MONEY!!!
,Recommended,218410,23611052,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,SheGamer,I have so much fun playing this game! I have always been a fan of Tower defense  games (like the KIngdom Rush series) and this one is worth buying.
,Recommended,218410,8887533,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,CrescentArcher,Love this game it is so awesome. More than worth the fifteen dollars.
,Recommended,218410,8887785,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Beard Finn,"This game is dangerously addicting.  Don't play it if you intend to do something worthwhile with your time... or you know, sleep.Will definitely waste more of my time on the sequel when its released."
,Recommended,218410,8888416,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Reflekshun,Very freaking fun!
76561198038725665,Recommended,218410,8890954,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,d.haysmer,"Another great game on Steam for virtually nothing.  Good amount of planning has to go into your defense, and plenty of customization for your troops.  The simplistic graphics get the job done, and the story is well written thus far.  Great for a fantasy gamer on a budget."
76561198066359761,Recommended,218410,8891167,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,THE MATT ROSE,"This excellent tower defense RPG hybrid is a great way to pass some time. The overall setting of the story is very original casting the main character in a role of being afflicted by a mysterious plague. The combat system evolves over the course of the story introducing new strategies for dispactching enemies and bosses alike. The colorful dialouge keeps the story somewhat fresh, but the real meat to this game is in the combat and preperation. Each town will have new items or characters to recruit, making the necassary arrangements before a battle are extremely neccasary for your success. The way everyone in your party level-up and the skill trees associated with there classes adds alot of depth to the character progression. Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten is a great merging of genres and a complete gem to add to your game collection."
76561197972746205,Recommended,218410,8943291,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,tommeboy,"Nice surprise ..This game doesn't wow with graphics or story .. but it more than makes up with tactics and strategy. I love how I can jump in and play a level or 2 in 5-10 mins. Each one like a puzzle or mini game, needing a different tactic or approach.If you ever played Advanced Wars on the old gameboy, this feels a lot like that (only with RPG characters instead)It's tower defense + strategy and tactics + rpg all in one game = WINNER!I have loved playing this game, and even going back levels to redo them (to see if I can improve my tactics)Have fun playing this one"
76561197993288786,Recommended,218410,8948299,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Invest,"One of the best tower defense games! Totally recommended. Nice graphics, great story, awesome mechanics and controls."
,Recommended,218410,9071345,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,onepieceobleach,"Its a tower defense rpg, little bit grindy at times but overall worth the price."
,Recommended,218410,9106252,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Paparazzi,"I always had a certain fondness for tower defense. In StarCraft, I'd spend more time stacking cannons than playing the ladder, and Team Fortress 2's MvM mode reveals a certain primal fun of killing tons of heartless, unfeeling dudes. To that end, Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten presents a well-rounded, core dude-killing experience, but the cracks in the polish are evident.You're given six classes to play, all fairly standard for the genre: heavy damage, light damage, healer, ranged, status effects, and tank. Upgrade trees for each class are fleshed out for the game's length, and most powers are distinct from the moment you first receive them. Leveling up your characters before and during battle using ""Psi"" adds a certain urgency to the fight, and doesn't feel forced.But between battles there exists some friction between the player and the imperfect interface. Between the fast-forward of battle and the clunky number-comparison engine to power up your party, you'll be wishing for a patch to streamline or automate the process. You could do worse but you could do better; not even trendy not-loading-but-loading-messages like 'reticulating splines' or 'powering up the thermal core' are to be seen. You might hope to find some solace in the story, but it's just as hacked-on as the interface and I couldn't be bothered to follow it.My first playthrough entailed of spamming rangers (long-range) with the range upgrade and blew through the game without breaking a sweat, but in Hero Mode, where you limit yourself to one of each class, is where the game's difficulty felt most appropriate. Oftentimes you'll have three or four spawn points to deal with, and you'll need to consider the most optimal placement to cover all your bases, evoking the puzzle modes of yore.All in all I'm giving this a weak recommendation. The game itself is pretty solid - gameplay is mostly balanced, and it can be as hard as you want it to be. The lore isn't engaging and you won't miss much from skipping it; on the other hand, if you're the type for a story maybe tower defense wasn't going to be your cup of tea anyway. If it goes on sale again for 90% off you'll get a fun one-off to pick up and play, not unlike something you'd find on a phone or tablet. Otherwise, you may feel you aren't getting enough bang for your buck."
,Recommended,218410,9108174,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Jatokae,This game is absolutely fantastic.  The game is sufficiently challenging and keep you thinking with evolving spec trees for your characters and new maps for each level.  The boss fights are interesting and break up the typical levels.  The achievements provide an expert level of satisfaction from the time and brain-power you have to expend to obtain them.  Definitely recommended to TD and RPG lovers.
,Recommended,218410,9112682,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Caketown,"This game was a lot of fun.  I honestly can't think of much in the way of bad things to say about it.  If you like tower defense games, check this out.  It's a pretty good iteration of the genre.  Decent plot, decent writing, great mechanics.  All around, just had a lot of fun with it."
76561198037345057,Recommended,218410,9124729,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,King Joshington,"Pretty addictive.  It's just a tower defense game at first glance, but the story is well done and the gameplay sucks you right in.  I love that barbarian!"
,Recommended,218410,9125031,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,redloser,A great tower defense game! It also has a fun and funny story.
76561198088937799,Recommended,218410,7442276,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,A Player Named Gus,"If you love RPG's and Tower Defense, buy it."
,Recommended,218410,8892911,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,The Abysswalker,"Original retro styled fun, maybe slightly casual but still enjoyable. A very good TD game, best one on Steam in my opinion, altough it reminds me of quite a few flash games very much. It has quite a catching storyline to go along with the tactical action, but in all, is very good and recommended.There is, however, one con. The price. £11.99 seems a little too much for this game, altough I got it for £1.19 on a deal, so you may need to wait a bit until the next deal for Defender's Quest to get your money's worth!"
,Recommended,218410,8892939,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,BrightRayKnight,"When I first read reports about Defender's Quest and watched the initial trailer, I was expecting a pretty standard RPG plot and characters. Much to my delight, I was half-wrong. The plot might be your tried and true ""unlikely hero saves the world because, well, destiny"" fare, but the characters and the writing are frequently reminiscent of the humor that characterized the Penny Arcade: OTRSPOD games.One notable feature of the game is that it does engage in some of the good, old-fashioned grinding that some RPGs are famous for, but this game lets you control just how ""grindy"" it is, giving you control of how much XP and scrap (money) that you receive at the end of each battle. This allows players to either keep the default settings and go through the basic plot, or to turn up the rewards to max so that they don't have to spend days grinding the same level over and over for XP so that they can run the special challenges.Each level has four settings ranging from Casual, where enemies have lessened HP and damage potential, to Extreme, where you better be ready because foes will WRECK an underpowered group. Playing extreme challenges unlock rewards for your party, giving you unique equipment and larger XP and scrap rewards, so there is a reason to tackle these challenges.A new game+ feature is a welcome sight, and the fact that this mode allows you to unlock upgrades for your unique gear gives you an incentive to play again.Overall, I found the game to be fun and engaging, well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,218410,8895318,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,blh92385,"Fun game, enjoyable mix of strategy/RPG/Tower defense. It has a bit of a storyline to it although it's not the best writing. Some of the stuff the characters say is kind of funny at times though. The berserker for example, at the start of one battle decided that he wanted to fight with no pants on and said that's how real men fight or something along those lines. I lol'd. It does however get a bit repetetive after a while and beating heroic difficulties requires playing maps over and over to level up your characters which I just didn't have the dedication to do. But overall it was a fun experience. Note - I only paid about $1.75 for the game when it was on sale. I found it to be worth that but it may not be worth the full price. I got 20 hours of gameplay out of it for less than 2 bucks so that was a bargain to me."
76561198045133849,Recommended,218410,8896853,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,BarneyRound,Pretty much the perfect TD game
,Recommended,218410,8897479,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,MolaMolaphant,"I first played this game in an early stage on Kongregate, and only played the free bit. Found it on sale and remembered liking the mechanics, so I picked it up and have been very impressed.The first playthrough was about what you'd expect.  Some fresh mechanics and good dialog.But the game really shines in NG+.They introduce side quests which might have detracted from the first playthrough, unique item upgrades to give more playability, and most impressive, a journal of the protagonist through the events in the game.  That journal alone makes a second playthrough worthwhile.If you like tower defense games and enjoy a story, this game comes with my strong recommendation."
76561197996142467,Recommended,218410,8897826,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Danger Boy,"6/10-= READ =-Don't be fooled with the rating even though I recommend this. I've spent hours analyzing while playing this game. It all boils down to several pros/cons+ You can level up your units+ You can go back to the stage you've done to train+ Each stage has different level settings and rewards so you don't have to toggle difficulty+ Different combinations to try out+ Story is funny as much as it is serious+ Multiple Endings?- Story does get boring so I'm glad theres comedy in it- After awhile, you get tired of the grind- Story is short- Once you reach that point where you're no longer playing but ""working"" through the game. Typical for most rpgs- Limited contentWith that said, I still recommend this game. It leaves you to wonder how much potential it has and hope the devs do a much better version next installment. It was enjoyable while it last. And don't let the price scare you. If you guys actually spent time learning how much time, effort and your own money is spent to develop the game... you wouldn't be b**ching and moaning about games being expensive. That's why you read reviews like this to help you make a better decision :P"
,Recommended,218410,14092448,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Holyknight 하하하하하,"A Tower Defense with RPG. What a great combination. When I first played this game I wasn't expecting much, but the leveling up, the recruiting, the weapons, the classes - so impressive and so enjoyable. The story also was pretty great - loved the dialogues."
,Recommended,218410,1287285,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,shummie,RPG + Tower Defense
,Recommended,218410,823327,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Atmic,"Solid story and characters, enjoyable gameplay, great tactical treat. Developer has their head in the right place."
,Recommended,218410,1900278,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Drorian,"one of the best tower defense games around, a must have, second only to defense grid."
76561198007014594,Recommended,218410,13894902,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,avandewater,"This game starts out as a nice easy strategy game.  Position your troops on the available tiles to keep Azra unharmed.  As the team advances or as you replay levels it gets much harder.  I enjoyed playing it, had a good sense of self depricating humor involved w/ the game.  They didnt seem to take themselves too seriously while writing it.  Some good dialog involved.  If you are looking for a nice quick challenging strategy game to blow some hours cheap, this is a good one to go to."
76561198016114008,Recommended,218410,14043554,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,cppro10,"Out of all of my years playing Tower Defense games, this is one of the greatest out there.  That is all there is to say.  You can spend many hours on this, with great characters, compelling gameplay, entertaining dialogue, and one of the best systems of TD out there.This game gets a 93/100."
,Recommended,218410,14169446,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dr. Data,Fun casual rpg/tower defence game. I must say it's a nice little strategy game to play with an enjoyable story.
,Recommended,218410,14012121,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Mortalo,"10/10I did not knew that DQ will become one of my favorite games of all time. I spotted a game on sale on Steam. Checked the screens, description, some players opinions. Mix of Tower Defense and RPG? That sounded interesting. It turned out that it was a game I was waiting for.Graphics are really good. They're tidy, have charm. Well, ok cut-scenes could look better, but they're not bad. Still visuals are not important here.What is important is gameplay. What can I say, it's brilliant. You're placing heroes, of few classes, on battle field, changing tactic with each new level. Characters varies, have nice skills, synergize well. With each battle they gain experience points which leads to new levels and skill points, making your heroes stronger. It adds a little grind to classic Tower Defense game. You can revisit once done levels, increasing it's difficulty to gain bonuses. And then, after the game is over, there is new game plus, making things even more complicated.You will have Dragon in your team and you will kill sheeps!Story starts suddenly, with our protagonist Azra, just like us, surprised with events that occurs. With time we will learn about plague and revenants, will find out who is the villain. It's nothing ground-breaking but is good excuse to continue the adventure. There is even a moral decision!The key part is the dialogues. They're simply amazing. Heroes are crazy so we ends up with many fun jokes, that will leave you with minutes of laugh. There are few misses, still author's sense of humor turns out to be very good. Good stuff.Defender's Quest is great game. Fantastic example of how well Tower Defense can work with RPG. This game gave me plenty of great time, it offers lots of content, making it one of my better purchases. I recommend it to everyone. You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,218410,2153750,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,Synik,Its pretty much Final Fantasy Tactics combined with a tower defense game. The writing is done well. I was impressed for $15 its a good deal.
76561198007025751,Recommended,218410,15756667,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Roth,"I had fun playing this game.  The gameplay is interesting and fun, and the game has a sense of humor, which is nice.  There's lots of postgame stuff if you're into that sort of thing, but then the standard game is fine as well.  :)"
,Recommended,218410,15736139,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Steve McClellan,Fun tower defense game with a delightful sense of humor!
,Recommended,218410,15569514,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,pintomatthew15,GOTTA LOVE DAT DEFENDIN
,Recommended,218410,1354425,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Krummith,Do you like tower defence games? Do you like RPG's? Then enjoy the creamy mixture of the two!
,Recommended,218410,15791882,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,BananaMonkeyTaco,"A very fun tower defense game which allows you to level up your towers (people in game) outside of each level. It also has a fun story with some witty dialogue. Also has a place where you could enter in certain codes to get some upgrades, but to get the codes you needed to look at certain levels and how the enemies appeared. It was a very fun and interesting search which you can read somewhere on the forums. Overall though, very good game & if you can get it on sale it would be a sin not to buy it."
76561198018936218,Recommended,218410,3207513,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,Tactical Craptical,This is a pretty great little game!  It's like Fire Emblem meets tower defense.
,Recommended,218410,14449188,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,magemam,"Great game, interesting story, funny characters but the best of all is the unqie and invovative gameplay and simple UI of the game. Also the modding part is really great. I finished the game in one continous session, that show how addictive the game is :).I am very excited to for the game sequel."
,Recommended,218410,6847406,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Kae Tokiha,"Otimo jogo. A historia é legal e o jogo oferece um excellente desafio para quem gosta de games dificies, mas ele tbm possui opções para configurá-lo e deixá-lo mais facil para quem não é tão bom assim em jogo de estratégia.Recomendo para quem gosta de Tower defense games ou mesmo para quem goste de um bom jogo de estratégia."
,Recommended,218410,30500405,Posted: 13 March,all,Donutsrtasty,Person Defense Game!People Pewpew Game!Time Addiction Game!10/10A very addicting tower defense game and one of my favorites would seriously highly recommend. Super addicting to play and gives a lot more than you think it will! Also updated graphics are a plus while the achievements make for some fun goals to strive for.A worthy time waster! Get to it!
76561197981356193,Recommended,218410,896850,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,fatcoland,"Defender's Quest is a simple turn based tower defense game.  Defenders are set up on a grid, and enemy units follow a path to the goal.  The units are well balanced and versatile, and the enemies return the favor.  You can set the pace of the battles at anytime, from a complete pause, to 4x ""get this over with"" speed.  You also have the option to control the difficulty to be as easy or as hard as you prefer.  Harder the challenge, the bigger the payoff.  Real strategy players are going to find the regular game a little too easy, but the game does offer unique challenges for the elite.  Gamers new to strategy games will find it very welcoming.  It is a game for every level of gamer, from casual beginner, to advanced tactician."
,Recommended,218410,7548683,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Godfrey,Every tower defense should be like this.
,Recommended,218410,8912770,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,deadlytoothpick,"Fun TD game with some RPG elements, the gameplay itself is very basic from a TD perspective...there's preset lanes that the mobs will take and you build things in a grid area, pretty much all there is to it (atleast so far anyway).  Not to say that's a bad thing, it does it well."
76561197975485754,Recommended,218410,8913391,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Aldarys,Highly addictive !A nice mix between Final Fantasy Tactics a Tower Defence !
,Recommended,218410,8914191,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,CheapHeat,I recommend this game
,Recommended,218410,8959782,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Zephrius,"Probably the best Tower Defense game I've played, ever. I've never been so engrossed in TDs since the WC3 modding era. Sprinkle in RPG elements into a TD game and you have a winning formula and a meta game that stretches beyond each stage. You can level up your units, equip them with armor/weapons and teach them spells - these units are esentially your 'towers'. Loveable cast of characters and tons of replayability, there's even a new game plus+ mode and hero mode achievements if you're looking for a challenge.Only downside is that there should've been more classes (tower variations). Overall a very enjoyable and engrossing experience. Found myself constantly playing into the wee hours of the night. Must buy, and do pre-order Defender's Quest 2 while you're at it."
76561198048432350,Recommended,218410,8960728,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,huntors_den,"When I first saw the screenshots I though it would be confusing and just plain hard. But the trailer sold me on the idea with the idea of the story. And I must say I wasn't disappointed. It's not as confusing at it appeared and after some playing around its actually quite easy after you get the basics but there is still a challenge to it. I highly recommend the game on it's concept, design, story, and characters. And will probably keep coming back long after i'm done."
,Recommended,218410,8962293,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,2ks4,"This game is quite addictive and I've been impressed with the details that provide a lot of replay value. As with any tower defense game, your goal is to prevent enemy units from reaching your tower. In this case, your tower is a librarian who has obtained magical powers to battle in the realm between life and death. To defend herself, she can cast some magic spells and she can pull her allies (berserkers, archers, healers, knights, ice mages, and dragons) into her realm and position them for defense. Besides the librarian, all units act on their own once placed. The defenders' skills and the librarian's spells can all be leveled up by earning experience. The skill trees, along with armor and weapons, provide the ability to customize each defender's strengths.What makes the game addictive is the variation. Each battle provides a different set of enemies and a different map with sometimes challenging unit placement options. As the game progresses, the type, number, and skill of available defenders increases which provides for different strategies to be employed. Each battle can also be completed at one of four difficulty levels, with higher levels producing different, more powerful, more numerous enemies. Completing battles perfectly (with no tower damage) unlocks bonus levels for additional variation. Once the main story is completed (10 - 20 hours depending on replays, bonus levels, etc.), a ""Play+"" option allows the story to be run again, this time with additional side quests, newly-enhanced enemies, upgraded weapons/armor, etc. The librarian's journal is also unlocked, adding some more humor to the game (which was already very light hearted in tone)."
76561197998080923,Recommended,218410,8965750,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,MartinX,"Perhaps the best way to summarise Defender's Quest is this: ""It's the most sophisticated, enjoyable and generally fun tower defence game you can find."" Featuring a captivating story, interesting characters, countless extra challenges and items to get,  Defender's Quest will provide you with more hours of gameplay than you could have ever imagined you could spend in such a modest looking at first glance game.Also, a sequel is on its way! Make sure to visit the developer's website and preorder it at a bargain price!"
,Recommended,218410,3053712,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,zaon,FF Tactics + TD style game play.
,Recommended,218410,10502797,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,vanmeteran,i like the visual novel style of this game great td.8/10
,Recommended,218410,10585141,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,AzureRaptor,"Excellent (and often humorous! ;) storyline - very rare for this genre of game, intuitive (but deep) mechanics, and engaging, well-crafted music - there's _nothing_ to not like about this tower defense game."
,Recommended,218410,5558384,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,JoeyBeanz,"Picked this up during a super cheap sale, My first thoughts were 'looks like some crappy generic tower defense flash game. I'll juyst run through and pick up the card drops'...16 hours later and I'm  still playing the game. I can't stop. This game is so goddamn great."
,Recommended,218410,2504560,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Jasberfloob,Great little tower defence game  - easily my favourite game of 2013 so far!
,Recommended,218410,3801404,"Posted: 14 February, 2013",all,The Purple Pantywaist,"The description says it all: Great blend of RPG & Tower Defense with likeable characters, lots ofc customisation and funny dialogues."
76561197970304246,Recommended,218410,10202401,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Vent,Good fun game.
,Recommended,218410,30643072,Posted: 20 March,all,Arknown Thivas,"I am not a huge Tower Defense fan, but if I had to pick THE BEST of the genre that would be the one!!!"
,Recommended,218410,4333670,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Fuzzy Weasel,"This game is awesome if you are a fan of tower defense.  Its got a unique ""tower"" system with the characters you get that follow you and each can be leveled up, geared, and talented individually.    The graphics are lacking, but that is never a huge deal to me in a game... the game play, replayability, difficulty, and deep strategy make this my Holiday favorite this year."
76561198053561874,Recommended,218410,18558320,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Menzagitat,"I got the game at offer and I am totally satisfied.The towers are actually fighters which you recuit and level up between fights.I played just 3 hours and I cannot say more yet but these 3 hours were fun :)...17 hours nowDialogs between characters are very funny :)I am trying to optimize my progress in such a way that I use as few ""towers"" as possible....23 hoursI played a map on higer difficulty to get an item and after I aquired the reward, instead of pressing equip button, I pressed continue. The item was not placed into the inventory. Just dissapeared. Luckily it was not an important item. This glitch could be very anoying....Finished the game. I guess the issue above might have been a missunderstanding from my side. The game filters the items - it shows only the ones the currently selected fighter can equip."
,Recommended,218410,20201252,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Rabmonk,I never knew a tower defense game could be so addicting and fun.. it's actually challenging too because I still haven't gone back and finished it >_>
,Recommended,218410,20188839,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,߷ Murderz ߷,Very addicting game.
,Recommended,218410,71565,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,GFoppy フォッピー,"Tower Defence meets Puzzle Quest, where you have to protect the protagonist from waves. Your towers are actual heroes that level up and can be equipped with spells and items. The protagonist herself is able to use attack spells and buffs to help out your heroes. Incredibly addictive!"
76561198036105699,Recommended,218410,19880980,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,xetoica,"Defender's Quest is far better than I expected. One thing that sets it apart from many tower defense games is that the story is witty and engaging. While the first few challenges are fairly easy, the difficulty increases at a good pace. There is no significant penalty for failing or restarting a mission, so the game does not punish you while you are learning. This is a very well-executed game and quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,218410,19832318,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,MagierX,A funny little game to kill some time
76561197966190190,Recommended,218410,235851,"Posted: 7 November, 2012",all,thxboy,"Did not expect to like this. But holy crap, it's a very well done Tower Def game! Very impressive. That takes a lot for me to say when it comes to a TD game. I play them all..."
76561198044917129,Recommended,218410,5088044,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,genjuutina,Definitely pick this up if you don't have it yet!
76561198095133777,Recommended,218410,20274551,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,filcix le chat,"game is ok i got a bagde and thats neato... same issue as all td games where you gotta replay the level 17 times+ to get the best score or in this case the dank loot! idk, it's like $15 give it a shot."
76561198072901091,Recommended,218410,16980605,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,SwagBag,"This game is so good and well worth its money, can't wait for Defender's Quest 2!"
76561197993915916,Recommended,218410,17495499,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Leonidas333,Its good.
,Recommended,218410,17491734,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Viperys,"Was not expecting much from this classically tower defence game. BUT BOY I WAS WRONG! It has a nice story, rich world, TL;DR in EULA for dummies (seriously, awesome stuff), serious RPG elements with mechanics where number crunching can get you far ahead of thouse who just blindly spend level points, new game+ mode which is actually enjoyable and enriched with new features and locations. I highly recommend trying it, the demo is free."
76561198014791394,Recommended,218410,2934307,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Jeriah,"A really nice and fun tower defense for once. It does get a bit repetetive after a while, and to beat every single achievement, but just a single playthrough might well justify the low price of it.A fun and lovely written story allows it to shine among other tower defense games out there, and I for one does not have anything to complain about the graphics. Design is good as well, and I never felt like any of my ""towers"" didn't have their place on a given level. In that sense I feel the game design is well thought through, and with of the difficulty depending on your skills and sense of strategy rather than random luck.The one thing that makes it an 8 or 9 out 10, rather than 10/10, would be affermentioned repetiveness. If you do decide to go for all achievements and clearing all of the levels, then prepare for quite some grinding of maps you've already cleared many times before. As such the replayability isn't all that great either, unless you simply wish to experience the same brilliant story once more."
76561198012222775,Recommended,218410,17475655,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Sigma Nil,"Definately worth the very low price. Good gameplay, some humor, interresting enough plotline. If you like fantasy that doesn't take itself TOO seriously (just a little bit) and you like tower defense games, this is for you."
76561198010132829,Recommended,218410,2619584,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,OleGingerBeard,"This game is crazy addictive! If you like tower defense games with RPG elements, pick it up!"
76561197993091476,Recommended,218410,1420840,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,ANTIFA,"awesome tower defense/RPG blend.  really funny humor in it, too."
76561198035299171,Recommended,218410,30516497,Posted: 14 March,all,Reek,One of the best tower defense games I've ever played. The only rival I can think of is Gemcraft
76561198046621898,Recommended,218410,5223890,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,the.degenerate.subspace,Game is awesome (if you like TD).
,Recommended,218410,17310180,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,0_Well,Awesome game. Best Tower Defense I've ever played.
,Recommended,218410,17577008,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Mister Shine,I hate Tower Defense but love this game. Solid writing and mechanics.
76561198027932709,Recommended,218410,16965137,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,kappadragon,"This game is a really fun tower defense game, with a pseudo comic-strip narrative with serious consequences. The game is challenging, and requires patience, qualifying for me as a type of puzzle strategy game. There are sufficient side quests, challenges, and play modes to make it more or less difficult as you like."
,Recommended,218410,16938244,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Morty Bot,New game + handled very well.
76561198032450266,Recommended,218410,17681720,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Booket,"Tower Defense game with a good story and enough combinations to choose from on the fight to allow for multiple strategies.Multiple challenge settings and achievements to choose from.Great game, great story, great entertainment."
,Recommended,218410,1935947,"Posted: 14 March, 2013",all,culix,Tower Defense + RPG Improvements + Skill Trees + Indy. This game is fantastically written and extremely addictive. Get it!
,Recommended,218410,1776873,"Posted: 14 January, 2013",all,Dustbin,"It's fun and has a decent playtime to finish new game++ and stuff, there isn't really enough depth to the RPG elements though, had a lot of potential, it is apparently moddable though."
,Recommended,218410,931846,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,Rodalli,"This is, hands down, the best tower defense game I've ever played, and I played WarCraft 3 tower defense maps almost exclusively for an entire year in college. If you enjoy tower defense games, you MUST try this. If you've never played tower defense, I still strongly recommend trying it. There's a demo available on Steam. Try it. Buy the game. It's great. I've put about 3 hours in it so far and I'm completely hooked."
,Recommended,218410,8926551,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Ambutaco McGoggles,Great little game with fun dialogue.A little grindy near the end but totally worth it.One of the best TD games i've played.
,Recommended,218410,8995564,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,[3 Crimes] Facing J¡ᶰx,Super fun gameA must for Tower defence lovers
76561198028822808,Recommended,218410,9060235,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Kaveh,A fantastic combination of Tower Defense and RPG. Highly recommended.
76561198105400059,Recommended,218410,9060645,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,blakethebrownman,this game is great i am hapy i bought this game i honestly cant wait for the next one to come out its great to play to kill time i love it i also love the seperate character leveling system it makes the game great its just a great concept
76561198048797164,Recommended,218410,9063064,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Shadows and Steel,"It's a very engaging, yet serious and deep game, whilst being casual and simple. For me this game didn't take a lot of commitment to master. And that's not necessarily a bad thing, the story would take you about 3hrs to complete but after that it will leave you wanting more out of it. I would suggest this to anyone wanting something fast-paced and casual. And who also loves TD games ;)."
,Recommended,218410,2378771,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,DreamerBlade,One of the best Turret Defense games I have ever played. The storytelling is outstanding and the gameplay is actually refreshingly new for this very overused genre of game.
76561198056141824,Recommended,218410,8956275,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Haff,"This game is addicting, fun, and requires some good strategy. I highly recommend. I got it for $1.50 so wait for a sale and pick this game up."
,Recommended,218410,8956860,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Predrag Butcher,"This game is genius!! I am so addicted to it's gameplay! Many people is complaining about graphics, but I think it's great! I really like it, because I'm a big fan of tower defense games (i play TD games since WarCraft 3 maps)! Fantastic gameplay, great story, nice graphics! What do you want more?Right now when I am writing this sequel of this game is in development. I hope that is great as this game and even better!"
,Recommended,218410,8898248,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,masterchieflegend,Fun and enjoyable light game
76561198025064753,Recommended,218410,8899709,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,nanakimono,What a great combination of RPG upgrade elements and tower defence. A low budget but fun game that fills in the gap that was left after Defence Grid.
76561198099230257,Recommended,218410,8868455,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Rockwilderness,"I've never been a big fan of TD games but I have always loved RPG. This game forges those two together such a way that it is just amazing. Now it is so cheap that you should give it a try, you wont regret it!"
,Recommended,218410,8868982,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,游戏时间分配中,"Definetely worth $1.49, but full price $14.99 is a little too expensive for such a TD game (still a good & fun TD game)."
,Recommended,218410,8869337,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Tiamat,"Very good TD game. Have active pause and x1/2/3/4 speed up.  Replaybility is fun mostly cause of RPG elements so each time players can try the same maps with different ""mercs"" setup. You have to play/grind exp/gearing army to do hard+ difficult or just return to it later. If you stuck or suck at strategy can always grind more exp to become mooore powerful :) Recommend to TD fans. Sad side - full screen is crapy, and windowed mode just a small window... but it's not really an issue. Story is worth for reading as additional fun factor. Current price is 1$ (90% discount) so just pick it now :D"
76561198015337461,Recommended,218410,8869670,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Holgual,"Got it sale and up there with about the best bargin Ive ever gotten on anything. Wonderful game with old school graphics, music and feel. Love the ""towers"" being people that you name and travel with that grow in power and items and skills, very cool. Always a good sign when its about 2pm and you are playing and then it gets dark and you are like.. where did the last several hours go?"
76561198043856497,Recommended,218410,8870020,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Renn,"Pure awesome. . . . . . . . . . what! it is buy, play, love.Seriously though buy this and enjoy it now!"
76561198080685311,Recommended,218410,8870102,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,PoksterGAP,I love tower defense games. I love RPGs. I love a great story. I love a sense of humor. I love great music.Therefore I love this mish-mash of all of the above. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,218410,8870761,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Nudous,"This game is amazing.  I usually don't like tower defense games that much, but this one is so unique.  You get so many different recruits, and you can customize and name them all.  The story is really engaging and the levels are fun to play even more than once.  I've already put 10 hours into this game and have only owned it for 3 days.  It's a great buy, I highly reccomend it to anyone who likes RPG/strategy games.  Even if you think you might like it, odds are you will."
,Recommended,218410,8871377,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,iGriffon,"I've had a ton of fun with this game. 16 hours into 3 starring every mission and beginning new game plus however, I finished the level after the monestary the game went black and wont load back to the main screen. Besides that hiccup however I've enjoied this game greatly and look forward to the sequel."
,Recommended,218410,8918353,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,asmodeas,one of the best tower defence games i have ever played.old school style with nice story and funny dialogs!
,Recommended,218410,8922059,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,狂三五河 ×MonɃan Ᵽiero,"If you like to play TD, you will definitely like this! Great game with a mixed of RPG elements & TD style! Truly awesome!"
,Recommended,218410,9312865,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ohaeri,"This is a charming little game, albeit with some flaws. To me the writing was very jarring almost all of the time because of the many anachronisms and breaks in tone; but if you can get past that, it has a lot of amusing moments. The gameplay is really fun and there are even settings that you can put on that make you level faster and get more items, which I prefer personally, or level slower and get fewer items for a tougher challenge."
76561198018164542,Recommended,218410,9313496,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Setinha,"Surprisingly interesting game. If you don't mind about games with ""visible pixels"", you'll have good times with this one."
76561198054496580,Recommended,218410,5710262,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,blueleaf,"Great Inde/ rouge tower defence type game. Great if you like strategy, and if you can get past the sometimes- shabby artwork."
,Recommended,218410,910400,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,BossMC,"Awesome , Awesome to the max ."
76561197970622666,Recommended,218410,438561,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,danzig66,Awesome wee Tower Defence game with an engaging RPG element to leveling up your troops.  Suprising depth added to real fun - I've not been able to stop playing!
,Recommended,218410,440562,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Vampyroteuthis,A fun tower defense game. Easy to play but more difficult to perfect fighting strategy for completionists.
,Recommended,218410,1861879,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,DeathShred,Tower Defense with RPG elements! Quite fun! :D
76561198025376643,Recommended,218410,3627279,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Little Phoenix,Not bad at all; for a Tower Defence game.Has a nice learning curb and the toughest challengers are.... Well... Tough.Makes you push yourself to micormanage the entire battlefied.
,Recommended,218410,2596929,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,Usagi,"A genuinely good game with a great story line and very well developed characters.  Highly recommend it for anyone who likes a damn good story told in a briliant way.It has an easy mode, so you non-tower-defense people have no excuse.Also, the music is freaking epic."
76561198077437073,Recommended,218410,6855493,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Sarah,Great fun!
,Recommended,218410,190337,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,狂的,"Tower Defense meets RPG. Lazy graphics, a story you won't care about and simple mechanics but oh god is the gameplay compelling.8/10"
,Recommended,218410,443048,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,kunstduenger,"Cool ""Towerdefense-RPG"" ! Really nice , with cool, hilarious Story .Need proof that Graphics dont make a Game alone ? This is one of those !"
76561198025367478,Recommended,218410,3626399,"Posted: 17 December, 2012",all,Sixmond,Pretty FUN!!!
,Recommended,218410,729735,"Posted: 14 January, 2013",all,teddy-brogan,"Super fun lol! If this game was on NES back in the day, I woulda logged 3 weeks of play time ahah!"
76561197994506322,Recommended,218410,9803972,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,LamerGamer,"Defender's Quest is a Tower-Defense/RPG Hybrid (Think Final Fantasy Tactics meets Tower Defense).Defender's Quest tightly focuses on three things: tactical depth, customization, and story. That means no random encounters, no spikey-haired emo kids, no forced time sinks, and no tedious, repetitive battles.The battle system builds off of tower defense, with individual characters taking the place of towers. Each character levels-up, learns skills, and equips gear individually, allowing the player to customize their battle experience and strategy. The overall game structure is similar to ""tactical"" RPG's, but with a real-time battle system. Game speed is adjustable, and commands can even be issued while the game is paused.It also features an engaging, character-driven story written by an actual English major! The story strives to be fast-paced, snappy, and always relevant to gameplay. Events and dialogue explain things as they become relevant to the player, minimizing exposition.Finally, it's got options and accessibility settings out the wazoo, so that you can have the best possible experience!"
,Recommended,218410,1215101,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,Sharia Coke,"This is an awesome game. I was not expecting this to be as deep as it is. It's tower defense, sure, but it also has RPG elements and a bit of XCOM as well. You name characters and add them to your party. They level up and equip weapons and armour and serve as your ""towers"" during ""defense"". The gameplay is nothing revolutionary, but it's the secondary stuff that sets this one apart."
,Recommended,218410,2244036,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,Doormatt,Fantastic RPG/TD combination!
76561197968329361,Recommended,218410,309864,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,Ghost Requiem,Very enjoyable tower defense game. Simple lighthearted humor coupled with an addicting equipment and level up system makes this a very enjoyable 8-10 hours playthrough with a newgame+ mode to boot.Fans of TD should find this right up their alley.
76561198033475387,Recommended,218410,9885954,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,xsmij09,addictive grinding
,Recommended,218410,13232574,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Liberty Prime |SR2|,"I played the crap out of this game before I knew it was on steam, and it was the best tower defense experience I've ever had. The art is beautiful, the dialog/writing is hilarious, story fantastic, and it's fairly challenging. In a few words? Amazing game, and worth every cent."
,Recommended,218410,13069125,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,What is Lvoe? 🐲,"Next to the Gemcraft series, this is the best tower defence I've played in a while. And, next to Kingdom Hearts, it's the best RPG I've played in a while. It's original in its design and concept, this cross of a more niche genre with a very large one, whilest still being familiar enough in its portrayal to be easily understood.To put it more bluntly, the only thing that's new and original about this game is the cross between tower defence and RPG, and ONLY tower defence and RPG. It doesn't throw in unseen mechanics, or third person action gameplay, or any of that. It's just tower defence and RPG.And it's wonderful because of it.It's the first game I'll be 100% completing on Steam. I recommend this game wholeheartedly. It does a damned good job on just about all fronts."
,Recommended,218410,11591004,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Flappy Daniel,"This is a very simple, but fairly expansive Tower Defense (TD) game. you can gear out and upgrade your units how you want, and they all even have little tech trees for their abilities, though honestly I didn't really feel like the points I allocated did much to make any of the skills much better, but it's always fun to have that stuff I guess.The levels are different formations and the monsters spawn from different points at different times depending on the level and difficulty. You can't do any forced pathing or anything like in defense grid but you still want to place your units so that they are getting in as many hits as possible. You can also set units to specific targeting types, whether it's whatever enemy is closest to the end of the trail, the one with highest HP, lowest HP, etc...All in all this is a good little TD, I wouldn't recommend buying it unless it's on sale for like 5-8 bucks though."
76561198003271448,Recommended,218410,11694397,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Joe's Here,"Good game, tower defense, with rpg elements, level up chars, different classes, gear, boards have different difficulties with varied rewards, nice bit of story with good humor, love it. If nothing else, a good game to buy cheap and get some fun out of."
76561198078054383,Recommended,218410,11765803,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Sir Winkel Dink,A lovely little casual tower defense game that is worth the buy when discounted.
76561198083590396,Recommended,218410,11534922,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,The Cardriver,"I know this game from a flash game website and I loved it very much. It is unique in his role play elements and got a far better story then any other tower defense game I know. You also got alternative endings and some achievements to go for, without the game becoming to long and get boring that way."
,Recommended,218410,11669716,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Shotime,"Defender's Quest is a tower defense style game with RPG-based elements added in.  I liked it; overall, it's a quaint little game.  The characters are likable and the story (although not too original) is well paced and engaging enough.  There were a few times where the gameplay felt a little grindy to me (make sure you level up more than one priest, for example - I didn't and had to grind one up before I could proceed) but you can redo levels on harder difficulties for more experience and money or on easier difficulties to move the game along.Eventually, I just started playing on easy to advance the story along, then I just quit playing altogether.  Although I didn't finish it I still liked the game and would recommend it to fans of TDs, especially if the added RPG elements interest you.I also liked how it asked you to like the author on Facebook or something to get a free item at the beginning.  I always give games that ask me to do this a resounding, ""Hell No!"" and when I did with Defender's Quest it gave me the items anyway, so I thought that was nice.Nothing to write home about, but it wasn't a bad attempt.  You'll probably enjoy your time with this game."
76561198016759643,Recommended,218410,3060398,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,Nihongineer,"Surpisingly awesome.  The witty dialoge alone is enough to make it worth picking up.  I'd like to see more classes and extra item slots, but a great game all around."
76561198045341687,Recommended,218410,5126050,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,Ancient Ways,"This is a game where battles take place in a tower defense style, but you progress by roaming around a map while fighting these battles. Has elements of the old Shining Force / Disgaea games where:1. Characters gain levels and advance2. Strategic placement of characters during the battle is important3. You can go back and replay old battles for more experienceYou select the difficulty of each battle before you run it. Doing old battles at higher difficulties yeilds higher rewards. The game is progressive without feeling too grind-ish."
76561198061519611,Recommended,218410,10712221,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Aerius,Normally not a fan of 'tower' games but this one I liked a lot. Graphics are nothing amazing but the game is reasonably amusing and has good strategic depth.Hero mode was especially fun after you get to learn the mechanics of the game.
,Recommended,218410,10720940,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Box of Hats,"Defender's Quest is an enjoyable tower defense style game with character progression that extends beyond individual maps. It features a small branching skill tree for each class, a variety of difficulty levels with corresponding rewards, and incentives to play beyond the ten hour story."
76561198084181497,Recommended,218410,11056605,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Lill Lizzert,"There are a lot of tower defense games out there that just copy the genre, but there are a few exceptions like this game. The combination of tower defense and classis RPG blends very well. Grab this game if your looking for a TD game with some more replay value."
,Recommended,218410,10986516,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Brockenstein,The best tower defense game involving melee.
76561197987630436,Recommended,218410,11188366,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Machine,Tower Defense RPG? Count me in. 8.6/10
76561198066814637,Recommended,218410,6460008,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,kagamiiiiiin,Just tower defence with RPGs elements but cool
76561198081450332,Recommended,218410,10979868,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Iso Koala,"Simple, but surprisingly addictive tower defence game!Reminds me a lot of Puzzle Quest, except that the battles are tower defence-stages."
,Recommended,218410,10934270,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,UltimaCJ,Not a bad game for an indie.  Decent story and length for an RTS game.  Anyone a fan of RTS games like star craft will certainly enjoy this.
76561198031759366,Recommended,218410,4082247,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,J Wolff,"Mixing Tower Defense(TD) with RPG elements, Defender's Quest is a really nice game, not hard to understand and simple but good graphics! If you like TD genre, Defender's Quest is a MUST HAVE game on your list! You can even change XP and money ratings to make the game more easy or hard to play, plus they have some hard achievements to get, like HERO MODE or the plus after finishing!"
76561197960972434,Recommended,218410,12940603,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ghzyi,
,Recommended,218410,12616740,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Krippe Nilsson,"This classic Tower defence game is really great. Nice story and nice graphics and sound. Though the graphics and sounds are very simple there is cosy feeling, some how. For me the game was extremely challenging in plus mode in the end and involved both grinding and strategy to finally complete it. I'm looking forward to Defender's Quest 2, hope it will show itself soon!"
,Recommended,218410,12711374,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Rofupi,"Wow. This game really is good.I'm a bit more than halfway through as of writing this and I'm having a blast. The writing and humour is really quite good, and gameplay is nice. I find the characters really quite endearing indeed!So about the gameplay:If you've read the description, you'd know it's a tower-defense game with rpg elements; i.e. your ""towers"" are actually characters which level up permanently (though you still ""upgrade""  them in battle). It's pretty brilliant; you can choose to grind to level them up to tackle harder levels, or you can try a no-grind approach to see if you can tough out the main missions.The gameplay is really quite smooth and although the mechanics are not anything different from other tower defense games, work really quite well.I grabbed it while it had 67% off and I feel it's well worth it, even at full price. Very well made, and I feel the creators really put their soul into this game."
76561198080551314,Recommended,218410,12748593,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,a Russian yak herder,"If you like tower defense games, buy Defender's Quest immediately. Gameplay is enjoyable, and the difficulty levels scale very well. I started playing it for a few minutes at a time, just as a casual game that I could put down easily and pick up again later without confusion. A week later and I was playing for hours at a time, and it became increasingly difficult to walk away from. If you like TD games with an interesting narrative, buy Defender's Quest right now."
76561197963152685,Recommended,218410,12766774,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Boots,"Very fun and addictive, thumbs up"
76561198075651846,Recommended,218410,12782017,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Kamaji,Probably my favorite TD ever! I love the all of the customizations and challenging gameplay.
76561198042341275,Recommended,218410,4838066,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,DullKnife,If you like RPG and TD then I know you will like this.  Dream and Uden I know will like it
,Recommended,218410,12794944,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Patroni,"Yo! This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome in every sense, if you like  pixels, some humor quotes, twd , rpg elements and replayability is a must buy.Congratz to the devs"
76561198026338077,Recommended,218410,3704863,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,randyjenne,"I wasn't too sure what to expect from a game that combines two widely different genres, but Defender's Quest exceeded all my expectations. I love this game!"
,Recommended,218410,1541931,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Jerkin It Jenkins,I usually hate Tower Defense games but this is a seriously awesome and addicting game with a good story to match. Worth the buy even without a sale.
76561198057012414,Recommended,218410,12930674,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,marcioquatro,It fun I have played it for hours and the levels can be prtty tought if you wnat to go back to get %100  completion
,Recommended,218410,12918809,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Captain Mercer Ed,Completed this game kinda fast but it's really nice. Definately worth the money. The second play-through is really hard but the first play-through is kinda easy but really fun.8/10 because it's a really fun tower-defens-ish game. Too bad that the second play through was really too hard to complete.
,Recommended,218410,12863195,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ZeusFive,This game is actually real fun. Tower defense type game to an extend with characteristics of some slight RPG action. It is not exactly the same thing over and over because you really do need to think critically about certain locations of your heros. Happened to get this game during a steam sale. Probably would not have purchased it otherwise for $15. :(
,Recommended,218410,849633,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,Yakubi,"Great tower defense game.  It doesn't feel like a ported flash game like so many of these tend to do... I like the mechanics of it, and the RPG system as well."
,Recommended,218410,6496567,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,godmonster,22 consecutive hours. gone. Just like that. 10/10 C+ GOTY etc.
76561198004624039,Recommended,218410,2250401,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,LivingIsFatal,"This is the Best tower defense game I ever played.  Is it the best ever? Probably not.  It is a tower defense with set paths on every map, no path customizing (altering) at all which i would say is a strategic element required for it to be the best ever.  But it does have an actual story which makes sense of enemies getting to the goal point, never seen that in a TD game. Story is ok, some good humor, skill trees for units who gain persistent levels, over 10 hours of gameplay on initial game mode (far more if you want to unlock everything), and after beating it it unlocks a different and harder game mode.  All these things combined give this game far more depth and play time then any TD game I've played and I've played quite a few. It could be made better and I am hoping for a sequel. This game is worth 10 bucks if its up your alley, 7 or so if you arent sure. It's already been cheaper though."
,Recommended,218410,445312,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,SolRevr,"I haven't enjoyed a tower defense game this much since Plants vs. Zombies. It's a tower defense RPG with persistent characters, level progression, and gear."
76561198011107573,Recommended,218410,2688933,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,cecilandblues,"A very fun Tower Defense RPG. Interesting challenges hide in the achievements, good story."
,Recommended,218410,100812,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,demontrace,"Good Tower Defense game, with the ""towers"" being people you find along the storyline, or people you can hire permanently.  You can have up to 6 of each type of tower.  RPG elements mostly revolve around your towers leveling up in a persistant way.  In addition you buy things like weapons and armor for your towers.  Furthermore your main character levels up, who acts as the endpoint of a level, and the person you're trying to protect with your towers.It has the same fallbacks as other TD games, monotony being the main one.  You have to grind out levels and money to make yourself more powerful, but the game has an awesome options menu that gives you the option to speed up exp gain for units in and out of combat, as well as speeding up monetary gain, all without flagging yourself as a cheater, or denying yourself awards.  Shoot one of the higher level achievements even suggests turning on increased exp gain and money gain.Great game."
,Recommended,218410,3606840,"Posted: 14 December, 2012",all,Draggy,Fantastic and addictive tower defense with a twist and a wonderfully nostalgic old school RPG feel to it.
,Recommended,218410,2757207,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,Wolfgrel,Classic Tower-Defense RPG Game. Made DLC and Sequel!!!
,Recommended,218410,2693248,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,degradoid,Very addictive. Can not stop myself from playing it. Somebody help me...
,Recommended,218410,69916,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,CarlCX,Tower defense + anime + newgrounds flash game = it's actually kind of okay I guess
,Recommended,218410,1426953,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Brutakas,The perfect tower defense game.
76561198072500833,Recommended,218410,6690375,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Angel of Chaos,This game is a must have if you're a fan of Tower Defense games.
76561198006397610,Recommended,218410,2365456,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,ducky_boy,A different take on a classic game. The difficulty system per battle is a really nice touch too.
76561197996819491,Recommended,218410,1711983,"Posted: 17 December, 2012",all,Terrorvision,Fun tower defense with RPG elements.
,Recommended,218410,26961685,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kaberu,"This is a wonderful mix of tower defense and RPG progression. Great story and tough, but doable, challenges."
,Recommended,218410,26994723,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kanly,"Solid TD with RPG elements, end up playing it again and again, surprisingly great story, and the update to cutscenes art is awesome!"
,Recommended,218410,26881534,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gokki,The best tower defence game. If you still haven't bought it then stop wasting time and get a job to buy this. Then quit said job and play this.
76561198110334770,Recommended,218410,26596689,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Apathicon,"This game has one unique feature that every TD game should have:NO FLIERS.Oh, and it's a pretty darn good game.All hail the super-sheep."
,Recommended,218410,26516068,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jisa,"A very good TD, really worth doing."
76561198103972644,Recommended,218410,26981543,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,chm14,This is a great game that mixes tower defense and RPG elements.
76561198048501906,Recommended,218410,26982080,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Captain Avatar,"A charming, sprite-based tower defence game with a good sense of humour.  The game is simple in structure, but can be challenging in strategy.  The cutscenes play like a Penny Arcade comic.  Good fun, well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,218410,27121917,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FrosT,Awesome!
76561198074615698,Recommended,218410,26426606,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,eker33,Never been that fond of tower defense games but I feel like I have to make an exception here. Great game.
,Recommended,218410,26848766,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,banthafodder,I put way more time than I expected into this game. If you like tower defense this is a must have.
76561198027034008,Recommended,218410,26834924,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Renok,"Defender's Quest is an awesome tower defense game. And with the DX edition (what was delivered free!), finally the graphics are okay now.Typical just one more round game. ;)"
76561198040869350,Recommended,218410,26565843,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ashikaga,"A great tower defense game. I really like the RPG like building of your 'towers' (aka characters) and the quirky story line. The humor kept me smiling and while the levels really didn't add much from one to the next, I always found myself replaying levels to get that max achievement.In the end it's just another TD game that is VERY enjoyable to waste some time, or to see where the story line takes you.Worth the $5 I think i payed for it."
,Recommended,218410,30910856,Posted: 2 April,all,endurio,A great tower defense game with an entertaining story and very nice RPG elements.
,Recommended,218410,26699106,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,MeanrockD,"Just a fantastic game. This is the gold-standard for defence games in both mechanics and story. If you like TD games, buy this.Also, important to note is the great array of accessability options for people who might need them."
,Recommended,218410,5577729,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Thamior Silberdrache,"A nice Mix-Up between Tower Defense and RPG.Even with two different endings based on your decisions ingame (although you can see both in one playthrough). And an alternative side-story plus an alternate ending in New Game+.Warning: it is very hard to get all steam achievments. Just in case you thought this might be an easy ""perfect game"". It's not."
,Recommended,218410,26887990,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fluffykinns,"One of the best games I have had the opportunity to play.- Funny - lots of laughs to be had. Probably what had me hooked from the beginning- Fun and challenging!- Gameplay is Solid, and will keep you coming back for more."
,Recommended,218410,26812001,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,koolkal,Great Tower Defense game.  Doesn't do anything particularly crazy beyond having heroes that level up as stand-ins for towers but nails making the core gameplay solid and better than most other Tower Defense games available.
76561198034804836,Recommended,218410,26934781,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,slayer80,its a relly awesome tower defense rpg hybrid i highly reccomend
76561198099708528,Recommended,218410,25200594,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MadCowOnCrack,Engaging and enjoyable. Nice funny linking scenes that don't go on too long. Deeper mechanics than I delved into - but you don't have to to enjoy the game.Yet I never did defeat the golden sheep - is this what I have come too? Beaten by a sheep...
,Recommended,218410,25498279,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,bhavenger,Tower Defence with a Story.
,Recommended,218410,9363802,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,darkmoose,"As far as tower defense games go, this is a nice one. Well balanced upgrades, challenging maps, and a casual yet interesting story line. Well done."
76561198036823250,Recommended,218410,4417830,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,markakeen,Amazing RPG/tower defence strategy game. A lot of hours play for your cash.
,Recommended,218410,9893708,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,ProfBytes,Hilarious and well balanced.  Excellent game and you should buy it.
76561198021144421,Recommended,218410,9894872,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Bakaar,"Clever is the word for this game.  The gameplay is tight, well-balanced, and clever.  Tower defense games are rarely this clever and the RPG system rewards good play.  The downfall of virtually all RPG systems is a sense of grind - you want the best stuff, you're going to have to perform repetitive tasks until you've got the prerequisite numbers.  Grinding reminds me of a job.  Defender's Quest lets you bypass that - anything you'd have to grind for is optional, and if you want the optional content, then you can toggle the exp and gold gain.  This also lets you set the difficulty to as difficult or as easy as you want.The amazing thing is that the gameplay is so good, and the rest of the game is also so good.  The graphics aren't the modern blockbusters, but the character art is charming and clever, and the dialog is well-written and allows you to connect to the characters.  Fun gameplay, thoughtful gameplay, good art, good dialog, fun plot.  The game can even be replayed, and the new game+ has additional insight into the world if you're that hooked.  It also ramps up the difficulty if you like a challenge.  To top it off, the game is inexpensive.  Why have you not already bought it?"
,Recommended,218410,6095244,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,Pinkiechu,"It's a great TD game. I like the RPG aspects to it that add a great storyline. I suggest you buy this game, name the main characters after your friends, then play through New Game +. It'll totally be worth it."
,Recommended,218410,11833138,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,El Grindero,"This is a fun game. It is simple to learn yet hard to master - a good and proven formula for a great game.There is nothing really bad about this game, except that it runs on Adobe AIR, and even with a decent machine it often gets sluggish when having lots of enemies and units on the screen (which is the regular case from mid-game onwards). Also, IMO 4x speed-up is mandatory, otherwise it is too slow. You basically only need pause and 4x. But that is just nitpicking.Bottom line: great game!"
76561198046734170,Recommended,218410,10696955,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fate,"Gonna be a pretty short review; hopin' that the fact it's the game I've played most on Steam and the fact I'm recommending it is enough to say 'this game is good.'Cause damn me if it isn't. It's an RPG/Tower Defence hybrid, as you can likely read the entry or Google to discover, with an interesting storyline, characters I came to like and in some cases love ('Slak' the Beserker is ridiculously funny in my opinion), and a balance of serious moments and comedy that I've always enjoyed. It never feels entirely like non-sense to me either when it flits between the two ends, so that's always a plus.The game doesn't take anywhere near as long to play through as my time suggests; I've just enjoyed the game so much that, after finding it mysteriously uninstalled from my computer and thus all my progress erased, instead of getting annoyed I got excited to be able to play through it all againSo if you're a fan of Tower Defence and RPG's, I'd say to give it a look. For those of you that know me better, and can say our tastes in games are similar, I don't know why you don't own it already."
,Recommended,218410,12845667,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,adenven,"Very neat tower defense game. Interesting and frsh approach at the characters, especially the leveling system that lets you keep your and your towers' (characters) exps and gear, somewhat deepening the relationship with individual characters, which is not common for this kind of game. Pretty good experience with a surprising story, and probably worth the money, although I bought it when on sale (considering my little-to-no college student's income)."
76561197998718279,Recommended,218410,11850919,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,l33tspock,"Excelent fun, until the game messes it up towards the end of the first play and towards the new game +,becomes an obsessive grind at that point, enjoy until that, easily worth 5$, basic towerdefense game with an rpg twist.  enjoyable to a point.  as such, enjoy it!"
,Recommended,218410,16473222,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ender,"I want to state this as plainly as possible first: I hate pixel-art games.  I find them to be a lazy way to do art and a cheap grab for indie devs.With that said, this game is great, and it taught me that pixel-art is okay if the game mechanics make up for it, which this one does extremely well.The blend of RPG and TD is done extremely well.  The story is mediocre, but it does help the progression of the game along.There are enough RPG mechanics in this game and uniqueness among the ""towers"" and enemies that you will enjoy going back and doing the levels over again at higher difficulties for the loot and to level your party.If you like tower defense and you like RPGs somewhat reminiscent of classic Final Fantasy, pick this up and enjoy."
76561198087954710,Recommended,218410,18580360,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,OrganicMeatbag,"I've been playing games long enough to have gone through many addicting games, and now it takes the best to have such an affect anymore. This game more than delivered through its rpg, tower defense, and rather funny story combination. I couldnt not stop playing, and even if it wasn't as difficult as Dark Souls or FTL, this gem is well worth the money. After playing this i looked all over steam for a game such as this and couldn't find a one.My only negative thought is that it wasn't longer.9/10"
,Recommended,218410,32657110,Posted: 22 June,all,Urak,"Fun gameplay, good humor."
,Recommended,218410,7594788,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,ujifgc,The best tower defence game.
76561198048916786,Recommended,218410,33058949,Posted: 30 June,all,A Cat,"Excellent game. Funny, fun tower defense RPG."
,Recommended,218410,33213230,Posted: 3 July,all,8ALTON8,"I played this in the original version and honestly wasn't that taken with it. Stopped playing halfway through.Recently I decided to replay it, and WOW! The revamped version is fantastic! The art is gorgeous, and music is lovely, and best of all the writing AND gameplay are great!If you are a fan of tower defense games, RPG's, or are just looking for an interesting story I highly reccomend this game. Make sure to read Azra's journal for the full effect, there's some really great stuff in there.P.S: Can you please patch out the dumb as heck feature to rename story-critical characters? It makes no sense! With a story this good the important characters should have set names."
76561197977664342,Recommended,218410,762123,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,anachoret,Thoroughly enjoyable Tower Defense with hints of 16-bit Final Fantasy.
,Recommended,218410,8856130,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Kafro Hudrep,"Great Tower-Defense game, absolutely worth grabbing while on sale."
76561198060393345,Recommended,218410,33574825,Posted: 15 July,all,Evylaine,Love the fact that when you do new game+ there's extra levels and lore. ^^
,Recommended,218410,30433637,Posted: 10 March,all,sylverfyre,"A very well tuned tower defense game, with a great implementation of RPG elements.  It challenges the player strategically instead of implementing ridiculous gimmicks."
,Recommended,218410,1339831,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,recklessfire,Surprisingly great!
76561198073270328,Recommended,218410,6719101,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,One Man and his Droid,Retro addictive brilliance. .
,Recommended,218410,600461,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,ScrObot,"This is a great tower defense game with RPG elements -- leveling up, (simple) skill trees and equipment choices. It's addicting, there's great replay value, and the New Game+ mode isn't just ""add twice as many enemies with twice as much health"" -- it has some totally new mechanics, new quests and other goodies. Add in legit achievements and you've got a great game. Not convinced? Try out the lengthy demo!"
,Recommended,218410,1036343,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,emmy,"Really charming tower defense game that almost makes you forget it's a tower defense game. Your towers have personality and are all unique in their own ways, the writing's a little goofy at parts but isn't going to throw old internet memes at you like some AAA titles (thank GOODNESS).It also has a self-imposed challenge of using only one of each type of ""tower""/unit to complete the game, which comparitevly is MUCH more strategic than being able to recruit more.The developers are also running their own quasi LP where they talk about the process behind their decisions and it's really interesting to see easter eggs you might not even know exited.Really, really fun game and I look foward to anything else they produce."
76561197972117542,Recommended,218410,7770135,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Dekkart,"DONT PLAY THIS GAME! You think you just play a short round - after all its just a small game. Thats what you think. Thousands of hours later you realise that you have been fighting some single sheep for hours, because you want its awesome fleece. And because its in fact a sheep god. Yep, the game sucks you in completely. Even if the character paintings are not so great and the music gets slightly repetitive after all this time played. Nonetheless, the combination of tower Defense and RPG just awesomely combines the addicting aspects of both genres, making this game super-addictive. I warned you. It will ruin your day. But then again, its really a lot of fun to play."
,Recommended,218410,172063,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Bishop Won Dai,Solid TD
,Recommended,218410,1379693,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Von the Wat?,Never mind the game being of tower defense genre. It has a lot of character to it and is indeed adorable.
,Recommended,218410,7763947,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Gatemoth,"Yes, yes, and yes.  This is an excellent tower defense!Defender's quest knows what's important and what's not.Graphics are minimal and sprite-based, and keyboard controls are almost enough to forego the mouse.The music is catchy and fitting.Gameplay has enough decisions in tower placement, upgrades, and equipment that replaying levels for awards isn't tedious.The story and dialog are humorous and of appropriate lengths while remaining interesting and giving the game purpose.Warning: vets will be challenged by the (selectable) high level of difficulty.Skipping this game would be a mistake."
,Recommended,218410,7386854,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Thulfiqaar,"Nevermind the graphics, this game is great! By far the best Tower defense game I have played. Probably because of it's RPG elements and interesting storyline.Get this one cheap and play it!"
,Recommended,218410,27472807,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FlintlockFreedom,Excellent TD game.
76561198070537907,Recommended,218410,28052780,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,jttakala,"Great gameIt has good music , graphics and animation is smoothThe story is interesting, altough  I think that the game should have been longerCharacters are great and it has humor in itI'd recommend it to everyone even those who don't like tower defense games should give it a try"
76561197973312067,Recommended,218410,28057892,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,nobody home,"This is one of the few TDs that I can stand, mainly due to the cast of characters. In this  TD your towers are characters, that you will place on predefined maze, in order to stop the creeps from getting to Azra (the main character). The characters have persistent level ups (RPG), along side traditional tower level ups (TD), this makes that game a bit easier to manage when it comes to placing them on the battlefield. Characters automatically attack and chose which ability to attack with, unless otherwise told not to use an ability. Azra has several spells that can fight back against the oncoming hordes such as healing all placed characters and raining down fireballs to continuously burn enemies.In the game Azra has been tossed into the pit for contracting the plague, which she quickly overcomes to meet a loopy swordsman. The game manages to walk that fine line between seriousness and humor throughout the campaign. As you make your journey across the over-map you gained more survivors to your band with anywhere from 7-37 characters in your company, however only 7 are story related the rest are just generic copies of Azra 6 followers. You can assign all characters in your party with names other than the default ones, and generic defenders can be assign a color schema. There is a hard level cap of 60 for all characters, therefore you will not be able to max all characters abilities (higher difficulties you will have prioritize the best move set for your characters).This is game is design philosophy has the old school mentality when it comes to unlockables: new game plus that adds sidequests/challenge maps (like fighting waves upon waves of sheep), harder story maps, and journal entries, books to equip Azra, unique weapons and armor/ their upgrades. Game allows you to fine to how easy or hard you want the game to be like granting no exp upon failure, increase the speed of the game. The game is very well supported by the developer, in fact received an HD upgrade without making the user pay for it again.TL:DRhighlightshumorous charactersa TD game with an actual plotpersistent level upsfree HD version and soundtracknew game plus"
,Recommended,218410,890212,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,N'fol,"I'm not strongly into tower defense (TD) games, but this game does away with some of the downsides of tower defense games which bother me. Your towers are characters you gain as you progress in the story, or purchase at various points. Your team protects your summoner, and both the characters and summoner, gain XP after each battle (win or lose, although that can be adjusted). If the game becomes too hard, you can replay an earlier level for extra XP / scrap (the game's currency). However, replaying levels is not grindy-feeling, since each level can be played at three different difficulty levels, which is a different than just the same monsters with more HP (for example, sometimes there are additional spawn points and sometimes the monsters have additional bonuses). (And if you really don't like redoing levels for XP and scrap, you can increase the gain of each of them.)Unlike some TD games, there is no pathing manipulation: the squares the characters can be placed on are different than the creeps' travel squares. That doesn't mean that character placement is permanent: it is sometimes useful to remove and re-place characters (especially in boss levels or the bonus levels available during the second playthrough).Speaking of the second playthrough, that isn't just the same monsters, but more HP. Usually the second playthrough monsters have additional abilities, such as attacking your characters as they walk by, or become temporarily immune to non-area damage. The second playthrough also allows purchase or unlock of the best weaponry. Another nice touch is that switching between the first and second playthrough is just a matter of returning to the menu; your entire party and loot remains the same. (I worked a bit on the second playthrough, got stuck, went back to the first playthrough to do some of the harder difficulties of the levels, got stuck, went back to the second playthrough, et cetera.)Besides your party characters, the summoner has a few spells that unlock while progressing through the story and can be increased as the summoner's level increases. These spells can help out during tight spots in earlier levels, and are pretty much required for the hardest levels.Slak says to at least try the demo; pants are optional."
76561197963936969,Recommended,218410,28022330,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Antoine,Still my favorite tower defense style game.
76561197980160718,Recommended,218410,28417408,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Tobwa,"This is my all time favorite tower defense game.It has a story. Its story has wit and charm. The illustrations are endearing, the humor is uncanny and innocent. I love this game.The combat is reminiscent of an RPG in character development and progress. Sometimes you can man-handle your way into a position with a warrior or archer (oh the archer) that normally wouldn't work. And then there are the journal entries and challenges! The soundtrack... I've been a little obsessed with it for a while now.Enjoy."
,Recommended,218410,28436461,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ferada,"Usually not a fan of TD, but this one has enough variety (and story) to make it a nice experience.A couple of interface decisions could've been done more smoothly (e.g. travel on the map takes some time, screen transitions are slow and it would've been nice to manually save setups for a level instead of a single prompt to restore the last one, also the escape key doesn't exit modal dialogs!).But overall recommended."
76561198030201030,Recommended,218410,28463553,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Treafa,"I have spent countless hours on this game and even when i step away for months, it's just as fun to play when I come back. Can't wait for number two!"
76561198044511522,Recommended,218410,28490280,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,GrayGriffonKnight,"I originally played this game when it was a flash game demo. and I have loved it ever since. This is a game with challenging tactical combat (Or not so challenging if you want), deep customization, and loveable characters with a story to match. With the recently updated ""Delux edition"" (a free update for anyone who own the game) There's never been a better time to play this wonderful title.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,218410,28344355,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,jo,"This game is really fun if you enjoy TowerDefense games like the ones on the internet or Warcraft. And the game just got a HD Special Update making it worth the full price in my opinion, but you will likely be able to pick this up at a very nice price during sales :)8/10"
76561198049796948,Recommended,218410,28266172,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,SykeMun,A good tower defence game with rpg elements
76561197997730215,Recommended,218410,28549108,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,syrianes,"Excellent tower defence , with a good story,a must have."
76561198067616130,Recommended,218410,28893326,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,rmcin329,"I really enjoy the rpg elements added into this tower game.  Things can get rather grindy though once you get a lot of units, especially if you want good equipment for them and 3 stars in all levels.  Overall a very fun game, if you don't mind some grinding."
76561198202847004,Recommended,218410,28876293,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,handojo_christianto,"I played the demo version in Kongregate a few years ago, and decided to buy it when I found out it's on sale here. It's as good as I remembered, and the diaries in New Game+ are good bonus."
76561198365022292,Recommended,218410,30336596,Posted: 5 March,all,SmiteMatter,"A really outstanding game. Instead oif mechanical towers your have characters who take up position to defend. Lots of upgrades, a moderately interesting story, clever maps, and decent replayability. I found this low tech looking tower defence game to be a legitimate challenge with a thoughtfully designed flow. Lots of fun, and totally worth it."
76561197985960848,Recommended,218410,30359606,Posted: 6 March,all,Beuz,I've had this game for a long time now and I'm always surprised to see it keeps getting updates which further add to the game. Solid!
76561197988001805,Recommended,218410,11172440,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Belgarath,"This game is a hidden gem. Some people will be fooled by the graphics, but if you can get past that and play the game you will be sure to enjoy. Very strategic, requires intelligence unlike a lot of tower defence games. It also has some great rpg elements. Soldiers are your towers and they have persistent upgrades.Quite simply, this game is unique and offers a great challenge. The story also has depth, quality and some great humour. Games rarely make me laugh. This one made me laugh numerous times.A must have for any fan of tower defence games.Has a new game+ mode for vets.10/10"
,Recommended,218410,56621,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Ludonaut,"I thought I was done with tower defense but here I am, playing this little thing for hours on end. The story is nice and the dialogue well-written. Go buy."
,Recommended,218410,261216,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Pail,"if you like tower defense you could do worse than this game.  it starts off pretty easy and with a pretty generic ""story"" but gets a lot tougher and more interesting.  There is some repetitiveness in the game but while you do some of the maps over you also unlock rewards and items to power up your ""towers"" (troops)"
,Recommended,218410,178621,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,Bucchus,"Remember how Puzzlequest turned match-3-puzzling into a light RPG? This game does the same but for the tower defense genre. Well, except the story in Puzzlequest was cringeworthy and this one so far hasn't managed to annoy me. It's got that ""one more level""-feel and the writing and art style are better than I expected. Not at all bad, it's a nicely polished little timewaster, even though when it comes to the actual tower defending it doesn't do anything revolutionary."
,Recommended,218410,1032617,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Little Sparrow,A unique RPG & tower defense hybrid. Super addicting! Really enjoyed customization & accessibility options too. Very fun...
76561198028247229,Recommended,218410,3861749,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Reverend Zeratul,"The game describes itself as ""Final Fantasy Tactics meets Tower Defense"" which is actually fairly accurate. It's a tower defense RPG where you gain party members that level up, get new weapons/armor, etc.It also has hints of stuff like Advance Wars and Fire Emblem except your units can't move around the battlefield unless you recall them and send the unit back out in a different position. Lots of replay value with optional side quests, a challenge mode, and the ability to start new games that carry over prior progress with your party.The difficulty settings are highly adjustable so it can be as easy or difficult a game as you want, although the mechanics are fairly basic (it's a tower defense game, they all have the same relative strategy).I don't really think it's worth the full price of $15 and the art style isn't quite to my taste, but it's decent. I got it for $4.95 and it's definitely worth that, at least."
76561198067646487,Recommended,218410,16318880,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,SuperKamiGuru,Great game!  Finishing the missions gives a great feeling of accomplishment.
,Recommended,218410,16350835,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SomeoneOkay,"An enjoyable RPG-Tower Defense hybrid. I'm not generally a huge fan of Tower Defense-style games, but this one caught my interest and keeps me comin' back."
76561198024893178,Recommended,218410,16310866,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,bamdorf,"I am not a fan of ""twitch"" games, especially as I get older and my reflexes get even poorer.   Nevertheless, I found Defender's Quest to be, although rather small in scope, to be engaging and enjoyable.    Lots of interesting planning at each new level, some role-playing aspects, and graphics that are good enough for the purpose intended.   This is not the game of the decade or anything like it, but it will deliver some real fun, and was a nice change of pace for me.7.5/10;  much better than it looked at the outset."
76561198019576097,Recommended,218410,15967717,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,FullMetal,"Generic indie TD with funny dialogues. Pretty challenging on higher difficult. Great for playing off line, would be perfect on smartphones.Buy it on any sale.(0.2h on record.... I had to play it off line...)"
,Recommended,218410,5387014,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Nefarious Noodle,"Tower Defense combined with RPG elements, catchy soundtracks, interesting story, likeable characters, funny dialogs and lots of humor in general.10/10 - a masterpiece!"
76561198016293174,Recommended,218410,12747860,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,"General Pinochet, Savior of Man","Bought this on a whim, wasn't expecting much, to be honest. But I do love tower defense, and it runs on linux, so I went ahead with the purchase. Very impressed, this game is actually very excellent and has an old-school SNES feel with modern tower defense. I've been playing it over more publicly accredited games (it actually has pulled me away from DOTA 2), so decided that a positive review would help out a bit because I feel very strongly about how this hidden gem wasted an entire Sunday for me, and I'm still not done beating it 100%. I rarely care about beating games 100%, I think the last time I did it was for a little-known title called Goldeneye in the 90's.Excellent concept: merges RPG with tower defense. That's all there is to say, really. Units seem to be all useful, but as with ANY old-school RPG combat it can get super easy or impossible depending on whether or not you grind. Regardless on that, there are technically four difficulties (if you count casual) that change each battle's difficulty hugely. Story is alright -- the humor isn't my cup of tea, but then again, I have a picture of the dude from The Human Centipede 2 as my steam picture, so I just gotta say it's a me thing.Looks like they're making a sequel. Good, I'll be sure to buy it.If you're on linux and can't figure out why the game doesn't start without an error message, you need Adobe AIR. Their website is quite good on showing you how to get it running. A minor setback, I'm sure with licensing reasons Steam can't install it as a dependency. However, it almost made me assume the game was poorly ported and bugged (like Dead Island which doesn't boot on linux for some and nobody knows why, LOL).The devs obviously cared a lot about this game: it's not junk meant to be sold to chumps where they buy it on sale, play for 15 minutes, then never open it up again. The writing is good -- not perfect, but meant to be (ugh) all ages. It's not a super deep story, though I feel with more practice they could pull it off if they feel it wouldn't detract from the gameplay in the sequel.I would advise the devs to look at their website and tone down on the humor -- had my bored, cynical♥♥♥♥♥seen it without playing the game I would've assumed this game would be♥♥♥♥♥♥The art isn't AAA title, but as an indie game, what the ♥♥♥♥ do you expect? The battles are mid 90's SNES quality (though better than Breath of Fire II, worse than FF6) and the cutscenes are adobe flash-esque and very similar to the indie game Sequence (minus the voice acting, plus more character gestures).If the game was a teensy little longer and made for the SNES, with a little more ""professionalism"" mixed in, it would've been a classic everyone would've known about.I came in expecting♥♥♥♥♥♥and found a gem I hadn't heard about before. I'm old, drunk, and cranky, and this stole an entire day from me and perhaps longer. Def buy @ $10, even $15. It's about on par with binding of isaac."
,Recommended,218410,12761530,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,MrJoshua,"Really addicting Tower Defense game, definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,218410,12762885,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,bandit0,The best tower defense games I ever play. I really love this games.
76561198038990358,Recommended,218410,7533554,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Boon,Great tower defense game with RPG elements!
76561197987273981,Recommended,218410,1124445,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Cunin,Enjoyable little tower defense game with a twist and a humorous glimmer in the eye.
76561198004669824,Recommended,218410,2254353,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,danner3,"Tower defense, cheap and fun."
,Recommended,218410,21926383,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,StrikeTheHeart,I do recommend this game if you enjoy games of the tower defense or puzzle genre. I highly recommend you stay away from this game if you have never enjoyed the TD genre. This is a wonderful game. The game has a (what I refer to) pick your own challenge setting which basically consists of setting your own EXP and Scrap(Money) multiplier/%. It can be set up to 300% which is by far easy mode. The second playthrough is more fun than the first and it has great replayability in my opinion. Overall would give the game an 8/10 and I am happily looking forward to the second game.
76561198017488306,Recommended,218410,25121693,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,raef90,"One of the funniest games I have played in a long time. I renamed all the characters to be based off of Nintendo games, primarily Zelda. So the main character, Zelda, the berserker, Link, then I strayed to general names of Disney and other nostalgia types, and named Keta as Jasmine from Alladin. I was dying of laughter reading the script from those names, and I was shocked at just how well it worked renaming them that way.This has definitely been my favorite time sink for the past 6 months. I would recommend it every time."
76561197973614111,Recommended,218410,25241995,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,krazysalesman,Great game play.  Great story.  Funny dialog.  One of the best defense games I have played with plenty of replay value.
,Recommended,218410,25638466,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,Great tower defence game with many customization options to suit your gameplay!You can modify game elements before you start the game such as :.exp modifier x1-3 exp gain. currency modifier x1-3 gain.This allows you to play the way you preferr.The game also has a variety of speed modifiers allowing you to slow down or pause your gameplay in order to make tactical decisions in the heat of battle.The story is nothing grand but very comical and wll have you laughing throughout.Character skills are customizeable and the game has suprisingly in depth skills customization options.All in all this game is well worth the money if your into tower defence games!
76561198092410302,Recommended,218410,10604202,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,scapheap,"With the update, I've should update this review. With the improved looks, which was my main issue, the question is it is worth the full price now? Just about, yes. I would still recommend playing the demo.There are still issues, but I feels like they are personal issues like the the skill system is somewhat off to me. Important part, to me. So overall, a fairly good game for it price.*old review*It a good game. Why is my review not Recommended? It eleven pounds! If it was a fiver, that would be fine, but 11?It look a flash game, it play like a flash game, but you can feel the work and effort put into this game. If you pay the full price, you will feel ripped off playing it.So unless the price has gone down or it in a sale, avoid. If it in a sale putting it near that 5, buy for these guys deservse it and it a game any fan of TDs.If you are not a fan of TDs, go to kongregate, you can play the first act for free and see if you like it."
76561198030665293,Recommended,218410,24663241,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Scuzzlebutt,Very nice little tower defense / RPG hybrid that actually has a decent story. Also has high replayability and a couple different endings. Very much worth the price.
76561197999664164,Recommended,218410,24202154,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,nightcat,"Update: I am changing my vote to ""recommend this game"".I have accepted Fox's suggestion and set XP+scrap gain to 300%. Now the game is FUN instead of being frustrating. And it is still challenging, the ""extreme"" difficulty requires some skill (and a little grinding). I think that this should have been the default setting for this game.Now I also enjoy the side quests in the ""new game+"" mode.Bottom line : recommended !Just for the record, this was my previous review:I am somewhat disappointed from this game. I really wanted to like it - it has a genuine idea (combination of tower defense + RPG) , it is not expensive (on sales often) and the developers seem to care about the customers. Also I have to admit that the cut scenes are funny.However, it is simply a grinding game. Some levels are just too difficult, no matter how clever and resourceful you are. You have to go back and play earlier levels, until you grind enough XP and money to buy a better equipment. Then the level becomes easy, and you win it no matter what tactics you use. In other words, the game rewards you not for your talent, but for the time you spend playing it.In addition, the graphics and sound are just like from the 80's. Perhaps this is the designers' intention, but I didn't like it.I would recommend this game only if you are a tower defense fanatic and only when it is on sale."
76561198071908450,Recommended,218410,24466193,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,MadGodErik,"This is without a doubt, the best tower defense game ever created by humankind. The story is riveting enough to hold your attention from start to finish. The characters are wonderful in their own quirky ways. The gameplay is new and exciting combining the best of two genres. I've played this game since the very first demo was released all those years ago and the new deluxe updates just make me realize how far this has gone and how well it has aged. Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten is just incredible and I hope a lot of people will come to recognize it as one of the best games online. The only problem.... Defender's Quest 2 isn't out yet. Just kidding. But seriously, please get Defender's Quest 2 out soon and make it as awesome as the first and keep creating more of this. These is a good game and any other works of yours that are as good as this deserve to be recognized for their creativity."
,Recommended,218410,25044862,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,OMGparticles,A fun tower defense game with an actual storyline and RPG elements. I enjoyed it as a web game and then enjoyed it even more on Steam. Looking forward to the sequel.
76561198032583154,Recommended,218410,25187940,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Onizuka Eikichi,Great Tower defense game with well integrated RPG elements!Recommended if you like TDs and are looking for an extraordinary one!
,Recommended,218410,26155339,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Travanoid,A nice blend of RPG mechanics and tower defense gampelay.Storyline is very cliche but is not actively bad. Tower defense mechanics are fairly simple but resource management is important and strategic placement is very important on the path to victory.
,Recommended,218410,26193517,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,[SAP]CommanderA,"A solid Tower Defense game, with decent storyline, characters, and mechanics.  Instead of just upgrading your 'towers' which in this case are members of your party, you can also level them up, putting points into different abilities, both active and passive.  Although the story is a bit cliche, it is still good, with endearing and interesting characters that I found I grew to like.  The downsides to this game are as follows:  There is a bit of a difficulty spike towards the end of the game, rather than the difficulty continuing its basic climb, and after a while you will have to grind.  You will have to grind a lot.  That nearly had me giving this game a negative review, as the most deadly sin a game can commit is being boring, but the fun of the gameplay balances it out."
76561198046625270,Recommended,218410,27892384,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ASolvedParadox,"Great writing, and a solid tower defense game.  It can get a bit dragged out if you are going for some of the long term acheivements."
76561198044382651,Recommended,218410,20716245,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,teng,Good game.
,Recommended,218410,24232285,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DBMONK,"An absolute delight of a tower defence game, great characters, excelent story, great diffuculty curve.... i have no bad things to say about this and i am eagerly looking forward to the sequal!  10/10 :D"
76561198018476373,Recommended,218410,20485466,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,riv3rbird,Great little tower defense/RPG. Can't wait for Defender's Quest II.
,Recommended,218410,23998894,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,psyCZo,"I'm two hours in, so this is not from complete experience. But this game is awesome! I like it very much. Strongly recommend.EDIT: Game finished, diving into new game+, hell I love this game"
,Recommended,218410,24033864,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Geekanomicon,"Ah, here is proof that watching someone else demonstrate and have fun with a title can get people to buy a game. In this case it was Total Biscuit and the Developer of the game (in his Twitch chat.) I once played a little game on Sega Gensis called Warsong and this very game tugged at my nostalgia quotient for it. While the combat between the two games are vastly different there is something that screamed Warsong, but I can't put my finger on it. Regardless, the plot alone can draw you in to this game. Give it a try!"
76561198049943627,Recommended,218410,23999826,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Multiponi,"If you want a mindless tower defense game that gives you a false sense of accomplishment, this one delivers. I really enjoyed it."
76561197998782412,Recommended,218410,23997488,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Epyon,"My Favorite TD game of all time. They got jokes. They got action. They got new game +. On top of all that, its just plain fun. Oh, and mods n' stuff.  Just saw the HD release...Got it for free for already owning the older version. Going to go back and beat this game....again. The value here is through the roof. Can't say enough good stuff about the Devs: Want Moar!"
,Recommended,218410,23997097,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Oridjinn,"This is simply the most enjoyable Tower Defense game I have ever played.You progress in the game in various ways.- There is story and character development. What a nice story it is also with lots of humor that is right up my alley.- Each of your, eventually 30, characters levels up and these levels carry over in between the various maps.- Within each map you earn levels just for that particular Tower Defense game (Much like all TD games)- You can earn and purchase gear few nearly all of the characters (One class does not use wepons or armor.)- You can progress each individual character up a skill tree however you want!-  And finally once you beat the game there is a Game+ mode... Where your levels and skills all carry over. AND it has extra story content.Oh and if you play the Demo.. Your save will carry over into the full game! So go try it out!"
,Recommended,218410,23976390,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,harrisonkhall,"It's a tower defense game, and we've all played those.  If you like tower defense games in general, you'll probably like this one.  It's nothing revolutionary, but it is generally enjoyable.  Storyline is cliched, but still manages to be endearing.  A host of additonal challenge options give it a good amount of replay value."
,Recommended,218410,23938882,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,The Travisionist,"Smartly written, it overshadows most tower defense titles with its emphasis on character growth and world-building. One can grow attached to Slack, for example, much more easily than one can grow attached to a nameless battlement or turret.The game provides a range of challenge suited to players of any skill level, with the new game + feature providing plenty of replay value. Highly recommended, even before the developers released a free upgrade."
,Recommended,218410,1306926,"Posted: 12 November, 2012",all,Guntyr,"Well written, brilliant gameplay, hours of fun and laugh. Awesome characters, epic story, and if you pay attention to the diary of the main character, you can litteraly imagine the trip of the heroes. This is, without any doubt, the very best tower defense I've ever played."
,Recommended,218410,22120762,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ToMMy,"Great game, good story.Negative because of lack of Linux supportEDIT: I've heard some good news from a developer. They still care about linux support and probably soon it'll get support on SteamOS officially as well (then linux badge will come back in Steam). That makes me happy and I have no more reasons not to reccommend this delightful game!"
76561198114439961,Recommended,218410,22705163,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Pingi Pu,"Loving this game! The story so far is really fun with all the crazy characters and keeps it nice and light :) The challenges are fun to do and rewardyou with great items and whatnots. There is a big RPG element, which is probably the only reason I bought the game on the first place. If you are a hardcore tower defence lover i do not think that you would enjoy this as much, but for the more casual players the game rocks.10/10 Looking forward to the second part :)"
,Recommended,218410,22609951,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,The Boy,"For such a seemingly simple game it has a respectable level of depth. The story is engaging, amusing and adds enough interest to keep you pushing on a little more. The standard levels are of good length and for fans of a tower defense style genre, Defender's Quest will more than satisfy. The pace is fantastic the whole way through with level and gear development coming just as you need. Easy to digest and quick to learn and if you REALLY want to master it, there's room to do that too. A hearty thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,218410,22244604,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ShepherdMonk,"I don't like tower defense games, but this one is pretty neat. Why? Because it incorporates many RPG elements I do like. Take all the normal tower defense aspects and make them level up with skill selections and you have Defender's Quest. The story is vaguely interesting and the art style minimalistic, but nice/different.However, I only recommend the game for those who like tower defense games, as the game resorts to repeating content with higher difficulties as far as extending your skills and leveling your party rather than something random or a large amount of content. There are also several secrets abound and some great humor in the dialogue if you care to read it!"
76561198112087272,Recommended,218410,9693942,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,⋆✰ Saya ✰⋆,"This game is so much fun, a tower defense game with some rpg elements. If you love tower defense, but would want some more story behind it? This is your game! The first playthrough isn't incredibly hard, still poses a challange at times though but if you lvl enough you can manage. But then you unlock New Game +, and yea.. that's a nice challenge! There is a level cap! But the game keeps getting harder! Strategy definetly required. I love it. Also be sure to read the dialogs, especially tak is hilarious and had me laughing out loud on several occasions. I still play it every now and then, have to admit i havent gotten all gold stars on newgame+ yet.. (that d*mn sheep) But i will eventually, still enjoy the challenges!I felt compelled to change this review, because i have beaten the New Game + Sheep ! That's all."
76561197993107872,Recommended,218410,1421979,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,bent_oben,"A Gem.  Tower Defense where your Towers are really fantasy RPG characters, the you can level up and assign equipment and skills to between missions."
,Recommended,218410,24208627,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,BouquetOfFlowers,"One of the best tower defense games out there, and it just got a free HD remake years after release!"
76561197995158485,Recommended,218410,24121739,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Searanox,"Defenders Quest is a well-balanced Tower Defense game that replaces static towers with RPG-element-laden characters. With six classes, skill trees and weapons and armor there's plenty of customization to be had.It is a little repetative, as the game expects you to run certain levels over a few times to gather much needed XP and money, but it doesn't overstay its welcome. It's got a story with characters I cared about, which is a hard thing to do for a TD game, and it ended before things started getting stale. A well-rounded experience! :)I would sing this game's praises in the same breath as Kingdom Rush. A gold standard to the genre."
,Recommended,218410,2021449,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Korranator,"Unique Tower Defense game with RPG elements.  Interesting story, wacky humor, atmospheric soundtrack, and challening gameplay.Highly recommended to those who love TD games and are looking for something different."
76561198039641447,Recommended,218410,24131640,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,IgorTheLight,"Nice Tower Defense. Graphics are simple but cute. Your heroes level up with every mission. There is even a story.Прекрасный Tower Defense. Графика простенькая, но милая. Герои прокачиваются с каждой миссией. Есть даже сюжет."
,Recommended,218410,30900692,Posted: 2 April,all,Riddlewrong,"Defender's Quest is an excellent tower defense game that, while not perfect, is one of the better offerings in the genre.The pros (+) and cons (-) are as follows:+ Solid tower defense gameplay. It follows a typical X unit is good against X enemy type formula, and for the most part this works well.+ The story in this game is much better than you'd ever expect from a game of this type. You can more-or-less ignore it if you don't care, but if you take the time to read the journal entries, you'll find that the world and characters are very fleshed out. A lot of the characters and situations are very tongue-in-cheek, which relieves some of the tension a game like this can inspire. :)+ Level design constantly pushes  you out of your comfort zone. You often find that you can't quite use units in the way that you'd want to because of the limitations on the terrain. Things don't get as monotonous as a result of this.+ For a tower defense game, it's pretty long. If you're a veteran of the genre and can breeze through tough fights with effortless tactical accumen, you'll find that getting maximum stars on each level takes about 10-15+ hours.+ New Game Plus (NG+) adds sidequests that aren't available in the normal game, which includes new story and cutscenes. The behind-the-scenes journal entries are also really interesting.+ Hero Mode makes for an even more challenging game (you can only use the 6 story characters).+ Lots of customization for loadouts, units, etc. Branching skill trees make the customization feel a little more fleshed out, although some options are clearly better than others.+ The DX version of the game vastly improves the graphics. The biggest mark against the original game was that it was in SD and the art looked very amateur. With this update, the game supports HD/Widescreen resolutions, and all sprites/cutscenes look 1000% better.+ You have the option of increasing the amount of XP and Scrap (money) you get after each battle by up to 300%. Scrap isn't all that useful, but XP is mana from heaven. This is great, because if you left it at 100%, it'd take a metric ♥♥♥♥ton of grinding to get to the end of the game. See cons for reasons why even this feature doesn't save NG+ from grindiness, unfortunately.- In the normal game, Rangers are by far the best unit. You can win almost every fight by just using them, even on Expert. It seems that the developers were very aware of this, which is why --- In NG+, the Ranger (the onlyrealranged unit in the game) is the subject of immense nerfs. Many enemies that appear in large numbers and have high speed either have 50% resistance to ranged damage, or 60-70% rangedevasion. These are the kinds of enemies you'd want an archer for because they can slip past your melee, but your archers can't hit them. This really hurts the unit's viability in a lot of fights. I feel like the challenge could have been increased without this frustrating change. There are some enemies that the Ranger is still really good at dealing with, but mostly you'll be relying on melee in Expert modes.- Most of the added difficulty in NG+ is artificial. Inflated HP and stats, enemies that phase out so that you can't target them, etc. You're often forced to spam global spells to deal with certain situations because your units simply can't no matter how you have them set up. This mode just isn't very well done in my opinion. It's frustrating and tedious, not fun.- The super sheep levels are tedious and not fun at all. You kill a slow moving sheep (that you can slow even more) that has about a bazillion HP and takes optimal tactics and resource management to kill before it reaches the end of the level. It is a very boring, very long fight even with the game sped up to 16x speed, and you have to do it TWICE in order to get all the achievements. If you're a completionist, you'll be subjected to several grindy annoyances, which brings me to the final gripe:- If you complete the game in Hero Mode (can't recruit units), once you've finished those achievements (after finishing NG+), you'll want to recruit units because there are some levels that are impossible to get 3 gold stars on with only the main 6 heroes. Unfortunately, the recruited units at that point will be so low level that even setting the XP to 300% is an unbearable grind to get them to 60. Battles take a long time to fight, and the XP from a battle -might- give your units half a level. You can imagine how long this would take. This was originally a community challenge that the developers put into the game later (along with associated achievements), but they didn't really balance the post-achievement gameplay for it. I actually gave up with only a few achievements left to get. Not worth it.Overall, if you're interested in a tower defense game that's challenging and satisfying in the base game, and aren't too concerned with unlocking every last achievement, then this game is for you. If you love punishing grinds, NG+ has you covered."
76561198072253629,Recommended,218410,12969270,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,danzibarzimal,"Surprisingly deep, very fun tower defense. Easy to learn, tough to master. Can play in short bursts OR sink an hour or two. Highly recommended!Update: DQ1 now running on DQ2 engine!"
,Recommended,218410,27201055,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FearThe👻🐻,"Not usually a fan of tower defense games, but I really liked this one."
76561198028267787,Recommended,218410,28730554,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,qestwriter,Defender Quest is a very easy to get into and light hearted tower defense RPG hybrid. The plot is decent and the character dialog is ranges from amusing the hillarious. I highly recommend for fans of either tower defense or RPG games. Of all the games I bought during the holiday sale I've spent the last week playing this and have barely touched the others. XD
,Recommended,218410,28538057,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Yami Fenrir,"It may not be the best looking game, but I enjoyed it a lot.Your ""Towers"" are actual characters with skill trees, making even two of the same ""tower"" different if you so desire. There's a lot of challenges and other replayability features, too. Buy it!"
,Recommended,218410,28574697,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ktanaqui,"First off, I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who is interested in tower defense style games. A thing to note is that although the description does mention RPG elements, they are very lightly dashed throughout the game and could be attributed to a pretty standard tower defense game. The most RPG-esque element that I can think of after playing through is that every new city you encounter tends to unlock new weapons and armor, which to beat the rest of the game to follow, does require that you purchase. (At least in standard play. There are some specialized modes where this does not hold true.)There is some grinding. Some modes have more grinding than others.There is some frustration; some of the levels are very, very hard. Especially if you're trying to get all of the stars.Actually, I still don't have all of the stars. There are a few levels that are so hard that they seem impossible. (I promise you, they're just very, very hard.)The story is well-written and fun to follow, the levels are pretty varied (especially for a TD game), and the game is, overall, fun."
,Recommended,218410,28652214,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jott,A very fun tower defense game with RPG elements. I liked the (sadly short) story attached to it. Some people will dislike the grind for scrap (ingame currency) to upgrade your characters. It has some replayability value for those who want to reach the maximum number of stars in each level.
76561198097022252,Recommended,218410,27589019,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RD2D,There is a 16x fast forward option. What more could you ask for??
,Recommended,218410,698255,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,Tintagel,"excellent, fun RPG+Tower defense.  Quite humorous too.  Nab it and support indie game development!"
,Recommended,218410,32412090,Posted: 14 June,all,DogsAndCats,"One of the best tower defense games I have played to date. Absolutely  worth full price!I've had this game sitting in my backlog for a long time, and I finally got around to playing it a month ago. Everything about this game get's an A+ - the story, the music, the art, gameplay, replayability, and extra features such as mod support. Also really spurred my achievement hunting and completionist tendencies, but I think I have to put the game down because the last few are really difficult.Looking forward to the sequel!"
,Recommended,218410,32009867,Posted: 27 May,all,Limeylocks,Really good. Yup.
,Recommended,218410,30818740,Posted: 29 March,all,springqueen,"Bloody hell, forgot the boiling eggs on the stove. Almost burned down the house.So, do not put eggs on the stove before you start this game!!!!!"
76561197970635981,Recommended,218410,440737,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,iAndy,Fun tower defense/RPG hybrid.  Entertaining story too.
76561198029009211,Recommended,218410,32494469,Posted: 16 June,all,khellendar,"Great characters with a story that keeps you interested in the world and mechanics and visuals that will delight, I do not have the literary skills to describe how much I enjoyed this tower defense game.I was lucky enough to stumble across this ...A couple years ago? Jeez. Anyways, I usually gloss over the story in these kinds of games so I had to restart the game a few missions in once I realized I actually liked the characters. The leveling mechanics and build paths kept me interested and the X speed multiplyer for speeding up waves was one of my favorite features as I loved watching my warriors spin in circles super fast.Like I said, I really don't have the skills to describe how good this game is but I don't have to! They made a demo that you can try out if you don't believe me. Eagerly awaiting the second game from these guys."
76561198002098627,Recommended,218410,32557975,Posted: 18 June,all,GameVoid,"You can't beat the amount of content for the price. Tons of maps, each map having 4 different challenge stages. Lots of humor and a decent plot as well. Even after you finish all the of the main stages then you have another huge New Game+ to work through!"
,Recommended,218410,11544544,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Ivalla Ergale,Leaving the pit has got to be one of the saddest and most memorable parts of my gaming life. Really recommend this game
76561198250169754,Recommended,218410,32536427,Posted: 18 June,all,TheFattyPhil,"This Tower Defense has a fun story and excellent game play. I am a tower defense junkie, and this is one of the best. its hard to put down, and i find my self coming back to it all the time!"
76561197990786441,Recommended,218410,32530192,Posted: 18 June,all,RunsOnDiesel,Wish there would be deeper/more challenging gameplay but still very fun to play. Wish there was more consistent info about the sequel.
76561197971291045,Recommended,218410,32553328,Posted: 18 June,all,Thrill,"A well-paced, optionally challenging tower defense that's adamant about not wasting your time. The story (and the rollout of the different ""towers"") is charming and engaging!"
,Recommended,218410,7332378,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Udarnik,"Beautiful music, good art, a compelling story and fantastic gameplay all for an unbeatable price---Defender's Quest is a great value and a great game."
76561198058607458,Recommended,218410,33710295,Posted: 21 July,all,ltcoldaveg,"Enormously satisfying.  Played it all the way thru, at each level.  Clever story, good editing and dialog."
76561198043686841,Recommended,218410,33793398,Posted: 25 July,all,TheTrueLight,"I've had this game for a few years and recently decided to revisit it. I still found myself loving it, especially with the better art and looks at lore in the improved NG+ mode. The only thing that holds me back from really enjoying the game to its fullest is the fact that the gold/unobtanium? skull shop never opens for me even when I put the codes in. I know that there's a fix to this if you're on windows by exporting your save, opening the file, and editing it yourself. However, that's not really an option for me since I play on Mac and have no idea on how to fix such things.Still, I digress. Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten (DX Edition) is a continuously fun game to play for those who love the Tower Defense/RPG genre. Each of the characters shown have decently constructed personalities that are expanded upon through the MC's journal/diary. While the game itself can be cleared with relative ease, players should quickly find themselves attempting to clear ""extreme"" runs in order to give themselves a challenge and in order to get unique items. I look forward to the next game, whenever that may come. 9/10"
76561198058623259,Recommended,218410,33729058,Posted: 22 July,all,remi_sword,"I repurchased this after my original copy had stopped working due to flash/OS compatibility problems. To my delight the it located all my previous save data and let me start where I had left off!The game itself is pretty basic like most tower defense games, you build your army, they stand in one spot, and wreck anything that comes in range of them, all the while trying to keep them from reaching you while managing resources. It does get a little grindy at points where you need to level your troops and fill out character skill tree's, however it's challenge modes offer plenty of opportunity to reduce the mundaneness and speed that process up.One point that makes this game stand out from other TD games is it does have a rather good story, with plenty of character interaction, humor, and dark undertones, and spaces out new troops far enough apart you get more opportunities to play with new setups rather than get everyone within the first half of the game and just try to grind through the rest for more story."
76561198087565116,Recommended,218410,33810699,Posted: 26 July,all,Prickly Poke,"For those interested in tower defense games, this will scratch the itch. Solid game, interesting enough story, and plenty of things to complete. You can easily get your money's worth out of this game.If you have any questions just leave a comment. I log on daily and am eger to help."
,Recommended,218410,34095381,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"Nice classic character-TD game, following in the footsteps of the ""Protector"" browser games from the 2000's. Simple fun."
76561198023427647,Recommended,218410,35060255,Posted: 19 September,all,Leftover rice,"I love tower defense games, I love good writing in games, I love balanced units and unit diversity. Defender's Quest has it all and more."
76561198059927642,Recommended,218410,8851405,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Cube of Bees,I'm rating this up even though the lawyer made several smart♥♥♥♥♥remarks in a stupid agreement you have to accept in order to play the damn game.The game itself is decently fun and visually pleasing. The only bad thing I can say about the game is the cut scenes aren't up to par with the games other visuals. I personally skipped them but still enjoyed playing to the last level.
76561198014129618,Recommended,218410,34805403,Posted: 7 September,all,RagingFanatiC,"This game is AWESOME!But you have to/should ...... enjoy tower defenses (obviously).... enjoy games because of their gameplay and story, not their graphics (the 1st release is like 5 years old).... reading, the game does not have any voice acting, you will have to read all the dialoges (of which there are a lot, like before and after ever battle).... like kind of orient stile fantasy.I played this game in one big rush, kinda all on one day.The game is about 8 hours long and has a realy great story and characters  (I took about 12 hours, but realy max it out)."
76561198042587716,Recommended,218410,34807672,Posted: 7 September,all,E.B.E,great game
76561197986543956,Recommended,218410,34842064,Posted: 9 September,all,BlueDragonXD,"Pros: A very fun take on the Tower Defense Genera. I like leveling up my charachters and equipping them and then putting my Tower Defense skills to the test. A great balance of difficulty and a proper difficulty curve.Cons: The game sometimes freezes. I don't know why. And I will admit I have not tried to seek out the forum yet for possibly fixes. I use Windows 10. I 7700K, GTX 1070.  The longer a level lasts the more likely it's going to freeze. Some levels are like 30+ minutes when your trying to slowly burn down a boss. Meaning it can be annoying. However this is only a minor problem overall as I have not encountered this issue on more then 2-3 levels really. Some other crashes as well but it's fairly rare. Solution: If I know I beat a level 100% and it only froze because it was like 30+ minutes in and a boss was down to like 20% HP and it freezes. I just re-play the level and use cheat engine to hack the enemy boss HP to zero. I only do this if I basically have beat the boss but the game froze.Other Cons: Enemy Bosses have to much HP. At least late game and on higher difficulty. And no this is not because I need to level up or play better. They just have to much HP.I still suggest buying game as I will still be playing a lot in the future and I am waiting to buy the next game this company releases too."
,Recommended,218410,35238558,Posted: 27 September,all,reonprice,Great game. Major work and thought put into this.
