user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198002335721,Not Recommended,218640,14494178,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Lonely Astronaut,"First off, I really wanted to like this game. The setting, the story-telling, the opening cinematic -- everything about its thematic texture is just so sadistically appealing.Unfortunately, the product that the trailers, the game descriptions and even other reviews prepared me for was not the product I got. I expected a demonic sandbox chock full of whimsically creative murder. Instead, I got a mediocre Hitman clone with exactly one (absurdly specific) solution for each murder.The game teases you with all of these awesome powers straight out of The Omen: telekinesis, mind control, pyromancy. But you can really only use them when the game feels like it.I would be fine with the restrictions on your mayhem if the game provided some semblance of direction. Instead, you're left to aimlessly wander the game's massive mansion, searching for the tiny, sometimes pixel-perfect item you need to proceed.The best example of my frustration was a mission where you had to off your family's beloved butler.(SPOILERS OH GOD OH GOD SPOILERS PEOPLE SPOILERS)(SPOILERS OH GOD OH GOD SPOILERS PEOPLE SPOILERS)(SPOILERS OH GOD OH GOD SPOILERS PEOPLE SPOILERS)The in-game prompt informs you that it's winter, and it would be a terrible shame if the ancient old goof slipped and fell.Alright, fair enough -- I probably have to create some ice, huh, Lucius? Let me just grab one of the dozens of interactive cups dotting the mansion, and we'll be off.Wait, what's that? I can't use any of the cups on the sink? Well, then... how am I supposed to get water, bro? Oh, you mean I need a water bottle, because that's ""less suspicious?"" Okay, fine... Are you gonna maybe give me a hint about which of the mansion's 20+ rooms would be a good place to start? No? Great...So, the kitchen then? Nope! The servants' quarters? As if! My bedroom, you say? Oh, you've gotta be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me, Lucius. It's in my bedroom? The very start of the level, which you purposely led me away from via the in-game objective marker? The furthest possible point from where you gave me my mission objective? Fine, Lucius. Fine. I'll go get the ♥♥♥♥ing water bottle.Now I've probably got to just dump it on the ground by the doorway the butler's sure to walk through while attending to the Christmas lights, right? Oh, that's not right? Of course it isn't, Lucius. Of course it isn't. Instead, I've got to find the one incredibly tiny spot in the middle of the courtyard (the mansion's biggest room) where you want me to put it, don't I? Whatever, Lucius. I don't care enough anymore.Oh, now the butler's taking his sweet time coming outside, huh? Not like he's supposed to be attending to the family during Christmas dinner or anything. Can I just wait for him to have a stroke, Lucius? No, that would be too easy. I'm guessing from your minimal exposition that I'm supposed to tamper with the Christmas lights to get his attention, huh? Fine, let's get to tampering.Naturally, I assume you won't let me use my telekinesis to pull down the lights. That would be too easy. And also fun. Too much fun for your liking, Lucius. So, what then? Do I need to find some misplaced tool in the farthest wing, only to backtrack to the fuse-box in the next room and fry the circuit breaker? That seems like something you would do, Lucius.Don't argue with me -- it absolutely does sound like you, Lucius. Okay, fine then -- what do I have to do, buddy?Ahh.... I have to turn off the Christmas Lights via a barely visible light-switch? In fairness, that's also just so you Lucius. So completely you.There. I turned off the light-switch and now the butler's coming out. Oh, good! He slipped and fell! But, wait... he's still alive! So, I've got to finish him off... Oh, now you let me use my telekinesis, Lucius? Finally, when it's too late to matter?You truly are a generous god, Lucius..."
,Recommended,218640,7575011,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Petite Fleur Sasha,"Once upon a time there was a little boy called Lucius. He loved his bicycle, his cute teddy bear notebook and bizarre murders, you know like beheading a guy with a grass cutter. Do you really wanna know what's next? Did he make his father proud? Did anyone survive being under one roof with him? How many photos does it take to get a perfect picture of a naked uncle? Just play and you will find out."
,Recommended,218640,15052420,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"Remember that horror flick titled The Omen? I know it was released in the '70s but it had some sequels (and a remake in the 2000s) and it was a unique film so you probably remember it.Lucius, in essence, is the video game version of Omen. You take control of a 6-year old boy who, wait-for-it, is the son of The Devil. Now, the goal here is to eliminate people one by one in the household where Lucius lives. This is quite the manor as daddy is some famous politician who is preparing for the upcoming elections. So, the house is full of maids and other servants - offed one by one without anybody having a clue.And that is the point here. We cause accidents. Pick up items, combine these items and get rid of the evidences or make sure those point to another person. I like how the breadwinner of the family and his wife slowly go mad as they have no idea how these people died or for what reason. Between the almost 20 chapters we get to see many cutscenes with some decent voice acting. A detective gets involved and decides to really find out what goes on with the family.Anyway, I do not want to spoil it. The game has very nice graphics and memorable music. I like how the effects change to indicate a different time of the day or different season. This is good as it brings us change and running around in the same house does not get boring. Different rooms / areas of the house get into focus in each chapter and it is not uncommon that the season itself has a role.Later on the game starts granting us abilities such as telekinesis or mind control. To be honest setting people on fire was a bit too much - after all this is an adventure game. I think they should have just stuck with the stealth / adventure approach but for some reason they added this spell to spice up the gameplay a bit. In fact, the ending sees two ways of solving the game: there is an action as well as a puzzle-oriented solution.The game has some flaws, though. For instance, in some cases I really could not find out as to what I needed to do. Lucius does hint at the next task (you have a journal which regularly gets updated with his notes) but they are not always very helpful. Oh well, just grab some guides then and complete the game like in the old days with the point-and-click adventures, am I right?I am a bit perplexed to see many negative reviews stating this game is mediocre at best. I think this is a nice little game and a must-have for the adventure game fans or those who like the idea of playing an homage to Omen."
,Recommended,218640,18522011,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Goat,"Burnt some guys face off, killed a bunch of other people, worshipped Satan, came home and played Lucius. Its pretty good"
76561198028711579,Recommended,218640,16654030,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,E.M.J. ㋛,"Admittedly, most people won't enjoy this game. Games have changed and advanced, many scores are based on replayabilty, the scope of the enviroments, and freedom of variation in how to go about things. That's all superb standards to go by today, in open world/sandbox games. However, there is something to be said about restriction in games. With freedom of choice can also come a certain stress, and a sense of incompletion. There's the time and place for both, naturally, but some times there is something soothing and satisfying about playing a game the only way it's meant to be played.""Lucius"" is about exploring your surroundings and figuring out how the puzzles are solved. Sometimes the solution is far fetched, sometimes ridiculous. But all in all, there's some sort of logic there.I enjoyed this game far more than I probably should have. I liked it's simplicity, the house and garden, the idea of it all. Granted, there was much more potential behind the concept that was left unrealised, but for what it was, I enjoyed it.Shiver Games tried to respond to peoples objections and critique to this first game somewhat in the sequel, which I can't speak of as I haven't played it, but, it did seem like that game have fallen apart in them trying to do so. It was probably more somewhat what they wanted the first ""Lucius"" to be; being able to have access to a variety of tools to make death traps, lethal situations and weapons to off any number of roaming NPCs at any given point. From what I've read and seen though those ambitions resulted in a broken game with great potential. The more complex, the more wrong things can go.""Lucius"" has its fair share of bugs and limitations. But it also has a great idea behind it, and for me personally, finally getting the kill I was going for was surprisingly satisfying, as was achieveing ""good boy"" status by doing mundane chores around the house.My guess is, if you get some self therapy by say, doing the dishes or painting the fence, you might enjoy this game. Get it on sale though."
,Recommended,218640,7799177,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Vegan Atheist,"Quite possibly the most evil game ever created.Bravo for another Indie developer.This game is something else even though it's a familiar genre. As you play you may recall such movies as The Omen, The Shining, The Exorcist and Final Destination, among others. Also, if you like Hitman and Death to Spies series, then this game is definitely for you.Anyways, I believe that Shiver Games is onto something here. This could easily be made into a movie. You play as the son of devil who wants you to harvest souls for him by killing people, or by rather making it look like freak, deus ex kind of accidents. You live in a huge manor along with a congressman (your fake father), his family and about a dozen of staff.You play through 18 chapters (even though four separate chapters are molded into two missions, so it's essentially 16 chapters).The game may take you at least 6 hours to beat if you don't use any help online (which I quite often did).This game requires your utmost attention, there are no abstract objectives as to what you are supposed to be doing. You have to read between the lines. You have to use your Ouija board and your notebook to try to figure out who is the next target. It may take you a long time to figure out which tool to use and on whom. After the sixth mission or so, you get access to the rest of the manor and you can pick up items that you are going to need for the rest of the game, making the job easier later on.You also get to do around 7 menial chores to increase your behavior level in order to get three presents from your parents.As far as the killings go, well some of them are absolutely atrocious and were it not for the somewhat mediocre engine, they could look even more gruesome. The ambiance is awesome, the soundtrack is outstanding, the voice over decent enough (by male actors mostly, I found female voice acting weak).One thing that bugs me is that Lucius doesn't speak, although they admit to that in the game itself.......There are also numerous crosses spread throughout the house that are nailed to the walls. These crosses take away your abilities of which there are 4 (telekinesis, pyro-control, mind control and forgetfulness spell). So you have to turn them upside down to be able to do your black magic tricks.The story and the pacing of the game are amazingly well put together, the ""freak accidents"" get more and more, well, freaky, and the detective investigating the murders narrates the entire story with a small preamble before each mission. Your parents also start getting suspicious to the point of them being scared of you, so every murder has an effect in the game. This kind of story telling sucks you in to say the least.The last buggy mission coupled with some graphical glitches like (people warping ahead or you getting stuck in doors) was slightly annoying but it wasn't anything game breaking. In the end, I feel that this game needed slightly more polish.---------------------------------------------------------------------------This is definitely an adult game, made by a confident studio. If the religious Right had GTA in their cross-hairs for all these years, then I would not be surprised if this game got the same treatment. That would be awesome so the game could get more publicity resulting in more sales. So please don't forget to support this new and bold Indie Developer, this IS a PC-exclusive after all."
,Recommended,218640,11927769,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Sick Ranchez,A perfect gift for all your christian friends
,Recommended,218640,15154272,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Chikan Celeryman,"""It's like Hitman with Lucifer"" -  IGNI rate it 666/13 would hail Satan again."
,Recommended,218640,18863888,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dr. Frog ☭☢,"Lucius is loosely based off of the 1976 movie “The omen.” The game revolves around a 6 year old boy, who kills members of his household to please his father; Satan.As far as the story goes, Lucius, the devil's son, murders members of his household, making them look like accidents. The Devil approaches you once in awhile, to congratulate you, as well as provide useful abilities or to demand better sacrifices. Over time, the means to kill your target, become harder and more arbitrary. After killing most of the live-ins, you will progress to start killing family members, leading up to the final chapter.The gameplay revolves around checking notes, listening to people, doing chores on occasion, and finding a way to kill your target. The player will always be in the same house, and never leave it, becoming boring over time. The house, overall, has a creepy feel to it, fitting properly into the story, however becoming dull rather quickly. The player will spend time in three main areas of the house, with a lot of unexplored areas.The art style, although aged at the time of this review, is still present; dark, creepy and mysterious. The sound and music in Lucius come across perfectly, trying to add to the creepy atmosphere. The Voice Acting is well done, by most of the cast. Some characters are more convincing than others but no character really stands out as a “Bad sounding character”.The game can be confusing at times, with the ingame hints being extremely arbitrary. The game isn't overly linear, making the game a tad harder to progress, and may be frustrating. With hundreds of hints and walkthroughs online, makes completing the game very easy, however if you are the type of gamer that refuses to look things up online it may take a long while before you complete all the chapters. I Myself only looked online when it came to the final “Boss fight”.Lucius did a lot of things right:The sound and voices in game is solidThe cutscenes are gruesome and fantasticThe achievements are rather easy, if you plan aheadLucius is an enjoyable characterLucifer is the best sounding, and most interesting characterThe kills are satisfyingLucius does a few things wrongMassive map with spread out objectivesCan be very glitchyCan be boring if lost or confusedMay be frustrating to some playerscan be to easy or to hard depending on skill levelOverall, lucius is a good game, it has its bugs and problems but can be very enjoyable. I killed almost 10 hours alone just playing the story, and i still got over 70% of the achievements by accident. Is it worth the $10.99CAD pricetag? That depends on if you enjoy either hunting achievements or are a fan of the genre. Although different from “The Omen” it's still very similar and fans of the movie will most likely enjoy it. Pick it up on sale sometime and give it a play."
,Recommended,218640,12309324,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Savage,666/666
,Recommended,218640,12342301,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,It's Dat Boi (o shit it Fluffy),"Lucius is a game for those who enjoy (somewhat) brutally murdering members of their household in the form of a 6-year-old son of Satan. The graphics are fairly well done (in my opinion) and you have the option to customise the controls to suit you. As for the voice acting, there's not much to say. They did a good job and they worked well in the games setting. My only real issue (though it isn't much of one) would be the lack of an option to save. If you got caught, you had to start the level (next murder, they appear to save after each one) from the beginning which can be a hassle if your PC dies on you or you need to attend urgent business. Overall, I'd say it's a decent and well-done game by Shiver that I suggest buying if you like bloodshed as there can be some pretty surprising and nasty deaths along the line, all organised by one little boy. Lucius."
,Not Recommended,218640,17135092,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Terrean,"Really wanted to like this game.  Thought the setup was great.Pros- Decent story- Interesting conceptCons- Bugs that cause you to restart whole chapters- Memory wipe power was worthless- Sometimes obscure pieces to the puzzle- Very linear- Chore concept could have been better - lose suspicion allowing more flexibility for being a ""good boy""- House design is a little poor - takes some time to figure out where everything is- Would have preferred using powers to make others do terrible things on their own instead of just killing them outright- Some controls like Telekinesis and the tricycle are clunky.  Same with final encounter mechanicsKept waiting for the game to shine and it just never did.  Can't recommend."
76561198071721587,Recommended,218640,7932246,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,severenze,"good game, although the ""deaths"" are scrpited, could be better if you chose the way you killed your victims."
,Recommended,218640,18454525,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Eternity,"I totally owe this game a nice review.No, I really do not approve of lil kids being possessed murderers,but this game is somehow compelling! I wasn`t searching for guidesor walktroughs, so it stroke me slowly in time - I will take care of everysingle one of them, one by one.Even my ... oh my!!So in this emotional state, you somehow need to loose your humanityand try to focus on the FUN parts /there are plenty,like the TRICYCLE, changing weather, some achievements, the way you need to listen,watch and follow clues, the automatic innocent status, because you are supposedto be a little ANGEL not a little devil.. they will find out too late..The atmosphere can satisfy your darker tastes, actuallythe whole game does it. Give it a try :) Just don`t try any of it at home!! :D"
76561197999045600,Recommended,218640,12458620,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,totalgarbage,"As a fan of  The Omen movies, I immediately bought this game desipite the so-so reviews.Yes, as a quality game it fails in some ways.  The graphics are pretty bad and I thought I was looking at a Halflife 2-era game because it looked like something off the Source engine.There also isn't a lot of freedom to trap setting because once you find the solution that's it.  It's basically an adventure game.Now that the bad is out of the way, the concept is so awesome and the deaths are so unbelievably cruel and gruesome that it's a memorable experience.  I would wait until it goes on sale, however."
76561198169030757,Not Recommended,218640,32793559,Posted: 25 June,all,admiralbiatch2,"Somehow, they made methodical, planned murder in a video game feel boring. Do you want to kill someone one way? Too bad! You have to kill them in the way the developers intended, in a convoluted, vaguely defined way that will have few hints of what that is which you'll be running around the house screaming until you give up and look at a walkthrough. As others have said, it's hitman without the variety or fun."
,Not Recommended,218640,811566,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,mark | dj.,"A great idea, executed in a not-so-great way. That is Lucius, a horror-focused action adventure.So, the idea is great; a free roam game where you get to kill people like in those famous horror movies we've all seen. You'll be using items and powers to kill off these people. It's not all that straightforward though. You have to solve little puzzles to complete objectives. And every time you complete one of these objectives you're one step closer to killing a certain someone.But it's all executed in a mediocre way; the inventory is cumbersome to use, but manageable. The 'stealth' missions are terrible; there's no way to see where a certain character is so you'll bump into someone frequently. And sometimes the hints you get just aren't clear enough, which results in you doing the wrong thing. And when it's Game Over you have to start the mission all over again (including sidequests).It's an interesting idea though. And I would love to see a(n improved) sequel someday.[Rating: 65/100]"
76561197986414635,Recommended,218640,12709062,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,[BMX]GeorgePossessed,Antichrist Simulator
,Recommended,218640,12582525,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,TheMoJo17017,Its like a Hitman Game but as a little kid with supernatural powers  :DTook me around 5.5 hours to beat the storyHOW MUCH BETTER COULD IT GET :D10/10 Would recommend getting it on Sale
,Recommended,218640,12763894,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"Finally a game where i can be the bad guy. Its rare to see a game like this. The voice acting is a little weird at times while the faces have little to no expression to them. You get to be a little demonic fuker going around killing everyone. Achievements are easy enough aslong as you try. Some of these deaths are really brutal, which i love. 10/10 Everyone should try this game."
,Recommended,218640,33210807,Posted: 3 July,all,dbvel,"CONS:-Very difficult to beat without constantly checking walkthroughs, unless you don't mind running throughout the house (to find out who and where, among all the possible targets and places, the game has decided you should kill/go then) and clicking everywhere (to see which item, among all the visible or interactable content, is part of the chapter then).-Only one way of doing things; only a few certain usable objects, among lots of visible objects; only a few useful drawers, among lots of opennable drawers. The game is not about finding A way, creating wayS etc., the game is about finding THE only inevitable way the game was meant to be played. Almost gave a thumbs down because of this, but...PROS:-Character development (at least his skills)-Devilish Lucius-Very cheap on sales"
,Recommended,218640,19825946,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,AtypicalChuck,Officer McStuffins is the worst cop in the history of all cops ever.
,Recommended,218640,28960651,Posted: 2 January,all,yƶy,gifted this to my friend with christian parentshe got grounded
,Recommended,218640,25843625,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,p o i n t y,"So I acutally bought this game last year, perhaps around October (2015) time, and I haven't played it until now.This game is one that I would recommend for numerous reasons.Upon initially loading up the game and killing my first person, I was completely hooked. I'm not too sure what that says about me, but who cares. I think perhaps it was the fact that I've never played a game where I am basically the spawn of Satan. Also, post purchase of the game, I was surprised that the game had an actual, well-written (arguable) storyline. It was nice to have to follow a pattern of scripted killings, instead of just walking round murdering at will (not the mechanic xD). I especially enjoyed the fact that every death was different and unpredictable. This was very pleasing.Another reason why I enjoyed this game was because each character was different and had a different purpose. There was one particular character I had a problem ""ending""...and that was Alastair. I thougt he was cool, and he reminded me of Alfred Pennyworth, who's a pretty awesome Batman character.However, having said that I would recommend this game THERE ARE SOME THINGS THAT COULD IMPROVE.First of all, I began to feel that the constant murdering towards the end (even though I did enjoy the story and each character's death scene) was getting a little teadous. It just felt like it was going on-and-on, chapter-after-chapter. Although it was still fun.Second of all, I had a real big problem with some of the achievements. As of writing this, I have all but three achievements left to collect:Playing for 20 hours.Playing for 40 hours.Riding on the bike things for 10 miles.At the moment, the 10 mile one isn't a problem because I know I'm just going to have to ride around, however, the other two are completely ridiculous.First of all, I don't see how there is 40 hours of content here, and after looking at the global achievement statistics, only 2.9% (or something like that) of people have got this achievement. This is a game that I will come back to and replay in the future but, there is no way that I am getting a 40 hour achievement that is worthwhile to get. So I will be missing these achievements out. Having to do this really annoys me, because I am (and sorry for the colloquialism here) an 'achievement ♥♥♥♥♥'. I really like achievement hunting.Anyway, I hope this was helpful. I've never really given a proper review before on here, but I felt like I should for this game.Thanks for reading and please be respectful of my opinions, as I would be to yours.Thanks again."
,Recommended,218640,23112964,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Wicked,"Come to the dark side, we have cookiesabout LuciusIts a good boy..................until he reach age of 6Positive side of game:+graphic is pretty good for that genre of game, it give the feel of evil+the story is pretty simple you need to kill people and they souls go to your Daddy aka Satan+however I said story is simple bu didnt said its easy, all murders need to happen by accident, first few are easy but later not so much+you know how they need to die you just need perfect timing and way to make it happen+later in game you get a challenge+its a big house where murders happen so lot of explore and side quest+patience is key of sucess+game is challengingNegative side of game:-memory wipe power sometime doesnt matter when you get caught from behind you need turn around erase memory and run away, this can be good feel but after few times getting caught it really not good, btw when u get caught and not fast enough to erase you need restart chapter -.-, however it teach you to be more carefulPlaying this game I can recommend this game  100% it give you challenge, and of course SATAN"
76561198013964338,Not Recommended,218640,20385829,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Ankh,"Lucius has so many problems. So many glitches and bugs that make to solving  puzzles impossible. And you can try so many times before you understand that its a bug. Graphics are acceptable but not smooth and i had fps problems with my i7 4720, gtx 860, 16 gb ram system (but this is not acceptable). And it wont scare you cause you are the guy who is scary. The best thing about Lucius is a idea of playing Lucifer's son (Omen? of course:) ) Totally it needs more things apart from a good idea. I dont recommend it."
,Recommended,218640,24746464,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Geppetto,"Absoloutely love this game, It has hours of fun, lots of puzzles, and a very creative story. I would definetly recommend this to anyone who enjoys a dark game filled with satan and lucifer. This has many missions and a great character list. In the first mission alone you get to trap a maid into a freezing meat locker and freeze her to death, and that's only a tutorial on how to play!! I love this game and I would love to play it more, I'd give this a 7.5/10"
76561198031875543,Recommended,218640,24703857,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Poliban,"It feels really good to be the bad guy once in a while, and it feels even better to be the one who scares and not the one who gets scared in an ""horror"" game"
76561198260693519,Recommended,218640,30493215,Posted: 13 March,all,nananana BATMAN!!,"While the question of whether it's a good idea to put players in the role of a dead-eyed mute psychopath is open for debate, it's undeniable that Lucius's developers have captured the feel of their inspiration perfectly. There are missteps that keep the game from truly excelling, and the story is serviceable at best, but Lucius provides a unique horror gameplay experience, and any hardcore fans of the genre owe it to themselves to give it a look, provided they have strong stomachs."
,Not Recommended,218640,23561811,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Outlaw,"Game is incedibly unstable. It will slowdown and then crash if you break too many bottles. Did I mention there's an achievement for breaking bottles?There's no manual save, so when the game crashes, you'll lose a lot of progress.It controls poorly and perhaps worst of all, simply isn't all that fun. I can't recomend it.EDIT: I've since finished the game and have softened a bit on it. The executions are creative if not necesaryily logical and the plot is coherent if unimaginative.Between the instability and less than stellar gameplay, I still can't recommend it. It's the poster child of good idea, poor execution.But if you get the game for free, and you're a fan of the Hitman series or hidden object games, it's worth a playthrough if you can get past the bugs.Edit 2: And for you achievment hunters out there, Lucius has 2 time based acheivements. Play for 20 and for 40 hours. However, this game only takes about 10 hours to complete and that's if you're really taking your time. Each mission only has one way to solve it so the game has no replayability and the achievements force idling, but here's the kicker. Lucius can't even idle properly. If you alt+tab the window it doesn't count. Being at the menu doesn't count. You have to be in-game with the window in the foreground.Yea."
,Not Recommended,218640,19322019,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,rynotype,The game has quite a bit of cool aspects that I listed in pros.  Ultimately I got bored and was not as entertained enough by the aesthetics to continue running around the mansion in search of items to use.  I do not play this type of game frequently.  I lost interest after a few hours of playing.  I may pick it up again in the future.Pros:-The story is interesting-The graphics are decent-The gameplay is fine-Neat secret rooms-Worth the price i paid ($ 5-10?) for the time it held my attention.-A good story unfolds as you advance and you get neat abilitiesCons:-Conitnuously walking around the house to find items that aren't explicitly/implicitly obvious or close by.  This may cause you to walk around aimlessly for a while getting absolutely nowhere.. (or I am just not good at it.)-The time it takes to find items caused me to lose interest
76561197981386407,Not Recommended,218640,22658576,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Isness,"Would love to, but i just can't recommend this game.I like the idea, love the genre... but Lucius simply doesn't meet my expectations.Hope they do better next time tho.Cons:- No plot at all (you are basically a paranormal serial killer)- No logic involved in many puzzles.- Huge mansion, small essential objects to collect not easy to spot quite often.- No AI. Just bots walking up un down predefined paths + some triggers.- Extremely linear game:* Puzzles have 1 and only 1 solution, if you miss a tiny object in the corner of a room you are simply stuck till you spot it.Overall:- Dull, repetitive, frustrating paranormal serial killer simulator.""Avoid this game as hell, the power of the Christ compels you!"""
,Recommended,218640,25017792,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,AmarthAssassin,"Gore 10/10Story 8/10Gameplay 6/10Replayable 8/10Achievement 100% 7/10Lucius is like the film Omen, but let's not talk about the film 'cause I can only remember bits.'Bought this game when it was on sale and I would buy the game if it wasn't. The Story and Gameplay kept me playing alone.If you enjoy playing a dark twisted 6 year old demon child, that go around killing residents of the Mansion you call home in the sometimes sick and gorey ways a demon child can kill you.Story isn't majorly long about 6 hours, well thats how long it took me. On each of the chapters of the game you kill someone but you have to go on a hunt to find certain items or objects to set them up to look like a accident and not a young speachless boy.And for more creepy is unlocking the bicycle and go riding around from room to room like its a scene out of a Stanley Kubrick horror movie."
,Recommended,218640,17741287,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,SergeantMiyagi,"Lucius was born on the June 6th, 1966 and he was just a regular boy until his 6th birthday, when his true identity was revealed by his true father, Lucifer who instructed Lucius to orcastrate the deaths of the mansion's residents without anyone suspecting him, granting Lucius supernatural powers as he succeeds.The concept is interesting, the graphics and soundtrack are quite good, the gameplay is great and the story is intriguing.Despite all the controversy surrounding this game for obvious reasons, I still recommend it."
,Recommended,218640,31293401,Posted: 22 April,all,Ayumi,In this game you're playing as Lucius -son of the Devil himself - and you were asked by your father to collect souls for him (kill everybody in the house )Overall I really enjoyed the game and i recommandGameplay 8\10Characters 9\10Story 3\10 ( it doesn't really have a complex story; or a story at all in my opinion )
,Recommended,218640,14458109,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Day Man Fighter of the Night Man,"Lucius is a game where it puts you in control of a 6 year old boy whos grandfather has a deal with Satan. Where he and his family well gain everything they could want, in return his first Grandson, Lucius. Satan comes to claim what is his on your 6th birthday, where he proceeds to instruct you on your new fait. You must kill every one living with in the house hold (maid, cooks, mechanic, family members, and your teacher) with out being caught by the investigator that is trying to piece the hole mystery together.The killing is a little linear when it comes to who and how you kill them but it still makes it interesting trying to figure out how to do it. The story is good and the graphics are not to great but over all its still one of my fav games. If it goes on sale for $10 its a must grab if you enjoy Horror Adventure games from the killers point of view!8/10"
76561198064790122,Not Recommended,218640,13199277,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,RlyehDrifter,"Such an interesting concept, but such a poorly done product.Pro:1, interesting and immersive setting2, quite a novel experience3, nice Artwork (Skins, Landscape change with season, ...)4, NPC development - distress grows as the game proceeds5, sidequests (chores)Contra:1, the main character should depict a reckless, evil child - but no mimicry at all seems like a puppet -> immersion lost2, only one (two max) sentences per person per chapter, quite repetitive3, clipping errors, items vanishing after telekinesis4, some random audio artefacts (could be hw related)5, powers should increase each chapter, but you only use them in the most basic form - no real progression6, single solution problems - no replay value or deviation from plot7, strange quest updates. like getting the pistol early requires you to retrace the steps to open the safe again (which is empty of course)8, no saving between chaptersA bit more freedom, less plotholes and the sequel could be great."
,Not Recommended,218640,11801553,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,BLIMINGTON BUTT,"I was actaully pretty excited about this game so maybe I went into it with higher expectations than what I should have had.All in all, it was a good buy for the summer sale; I got it really cheap (like $5 or something like that?). It's a fun concept and the progression with the powers seem nifty, but it's mostly the side quests that put me off. If they had a better tracking system for side quests, it would be a bit more fun, but they expect you to navigate a house you have no idea how to navigate. The only help you get is a map that only shows the direction of the main quest, but if you want to do any of the additional quests (which I did), you have to look up guides on how to find things, otherwise your'e scouring an enormous mansion without any direction or hint on where to look.I don't have a problem doing the chores, but they need to give you a hint on where to find things - even if it's just a little one. You're either spending too much time trudging around the house looking for things, or you're looking it up online.The voice acting and facial animations are poorly done. That's not TOO important for me, but it was a bit distracting from the cut scene."
,Recommended,218640,29300666,Posted: 16 January,all,在峰🔯Bender🔯别戈,"It ain't easy being the Antichrist. In adventure/puzzle game Lucius, you experience the trials and tribulations of being the firstborn son of the big red guy with the horns. As you might expect given the young lad's pedigree, when he suffers growing pains, they involve a sizable body count. Lucifer is a demanding daddy, who wants souls in exchange for building the tyke up with telekinetic powers. All this contributes to a grim but promising setting where your only goal is to figure out how to murder the folks on the devil's hit list. Unfortunately, this darkly innovative premise is not implemented well, due to a reliance on pixel hunts, and you're dropped onto the scene with just pop's orders to start killing.The entire game has been liberally borrowed from the Omen series of horror films (so liberally that you wonder if lawyers are being put on retainer at this very moment). You take on the role of the title character, Lucius, who gets a visit from his infernal real father on the occasion of his sixth birthday on June 6, 1972 (which, of course, means that he was born on the auspicious date of 6/6/66). Daddy stops in to give the pale-faced, lank-haired little ghoul both gifts and marching orders. He has big plans for Lucius, and these can best be realized by the murder of, well, pretty much everybody who lives and works in the huge family home called Dante Manor.You start off by simply locking a maid in the walk-in kitchen freezer, and then graduate to inventive slaughters such as cutting a butcher's head in half. If you're familiar at all with the decapitations and vivisections that made the first two Omen movies so striking back in the '70s, you'll know exactly what sort of Grand Guignol atmosphere that developer Shiver Games is going for here. Most of the game is creepy and understated, with Lucius haunting the halls of the old mansion, sometimes with just a flashlight to guide his way. A barely there B-movie script and mechanical voice acting make it tough to take the story seriously, but the kills make a real impression as they splash onto the screen with showers of blood and body parts. The game strikes a good balance between chills and gore that any fan of horror movies will appreciate.It's not as if Lucius is just an average, everyday six-year-old serial killer, either. He possesses a range of supernatural powers courtesy of dear old dad. These get more powerful with every murder, so while you start with the basic telekinetic ability to toss around objects and turn on machinery (bad luck for that butcher mentioned above), you are soon enough launching fireballs. At the same time, Lucius is just a kid to his parents and the household staff. You might be plotting gruesome murders, but you still have to brush your teeth and clean up your room so mommy and daddy can see that you're a good boy (the one bit of effective black comedy in a game that is otherwise gloomy). Rewards for being so well behaved include such treats as a Ouija board that dispenses hints, though it's not clear how mom and dad got their hands on such trinkets.Aspects of the gameplay are more off-kilter in reality than they seem when laid out on paper. The biggest problem is a lack of information. You're essentially greeted with the devil's instructions to start killing people right when the game begins, and are left to suss out how to go about doing this on your own. Tips are given about various special skills, like telekinesis, but the core aspects of the game are not explained well. And they really should be, because this is a unique experience that blends the murder-sim attitude of games like Hitman and Manhunt with point-and-click adventure tropes. Lucius can't just creep up on his kills. Instead, he needs to explore the mansion to load up his inventory with various items necessary to set victims up and finish them off. Lucius also has to sneak around. Getting spotted doing something odd by mom or any of the other characters that patrol the mansion results in instantly failing your assignment. This process makes sense when clearly laid out, but unfortunately, the developers didn't include tutorial killings to help you get a clear picture of your task.As the old saying goes, the devil is in the details, and details abound in Lucius. Dante Mansion is a massive old place loaded with exhaustively detailed dens, living rooms, bedrooms, bathrooms, game rooms, bars, gardens, cellars, kitchens, and more. The sheer amount of care that went into the mansion's design is impressive. Pretty much everything is functional. You can pull open drawers in every desk, nightstand, and wardrobe in the place, and a lot of rooms come equipped with crucifixes that need to be flipped upside down before they drain Lucius of his Hades-spawned powers.It all looks good, even though the visual quality is more functional than cutting-edge and the repetitive music can add a grating tone to the entire scene. Alas, there are some high costs to this visual appeal. First of all, loading the mansion takes am exhaustingly long time. Second, the cavernous nature of the home makes for tedious exploration and pixel hunting when looking for items required to pull off a kill. Feedback is often lacking. Certain puzzles lack proper clues pointing you towards the proper solution, such as overheard lines of dialogue that could nudge you in the right direction. Formidable leaps in logic have to be made all through your killing spree, making you wonder if the devil might have been better off giving Lucius a .38 and an alibi.Also, though the mansion is enormous and absolutely loaded with all manner of furniture and people, there seems to be only one road to every murder. There is no way to freewheel through killings, or to concoct various nefarious plots. The sprawling setting is mostly wasted, because you can't make use of it to pull off inventive murders. Instead, you're stuck with a paint-by-numbers approach where you follow a set path of collecting items and triggering events that then kick off a brief cutscene of someone dying in a macabre fashion. This limits the game, especially if you come to it as a veteran of something like Manhunt, where you could murder victims in all sorts of creative ways.Lucius blends frustration with aha moments where everything briefly comes together. While you take some morbid pleasure in walking around in the cloven hooves of a chip off the old Beelzebub, it is hard to fully enjoy figuring out how to send your victims on their merry way to hell. Playing a gaming adaptation of The Omen from the perspective of the creepy little kid is certainly an original concept that will carry you along for a while, but the underdeveloped and limited mechanics make it tough to see this horror story through to its conclusion."
,Not Recommended,218640,14356937,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,My_Monkey_Balls,"I've seen some reviews mentioning this game was some kind of killing sandbox.This thing is completelly linear, annoying and unrewarding. Keeps you seeking random items in random places of a terribly designed mansion for kills that are too simple."
,Not Recommended,218640,25445997,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,QuantizedAnson,"If you think you can run this game above 40 fps, you are very wrong.My old pc runs this game at around 5 to 20 fps.My new pc runs this game at around 15 to 40 fps.and I have saw so many posts about people cannot run this game with good fps.So yeah , I decided to uninstall this game. Poorly optimized , even high-end PCs cannot play it smoothly.Current PC Specifications :DELL Inspiron 7559Windows 10 Home ( 64-bit )Intel Core i7-6700HQ CPU @ 2.60 GHz ( 4 Core )16 GB RAMNVIDIA GeForce GTX 960M 4GBOld PC ( 2011 - 2016 ) Specifications :ASUS Laptop N53JWindows 7 Ultimate 64-bit SP1Intel Core i5 M480 @ 2.67 GHz4GB RAMNVIDIA GeForce 425M CUDA 2GB"
,Recommended,218640,18496222,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Daint,"An amazing puzzle game. Although it is quite twisted, I wouldnt class it under a horror genre.The good:- Generally speaking, it's a really fun game.- Good amount of play time, it took me 6 hours of playing to finish it.- The puzzles can be quite challenging and take some time (can be good for some, may be bad).- Involves some elements of stealth (can't get caught holding something or doing something bad, as well as not being caught running around at night).- Includes 'side quests' (you get chores to do and get rewards)- General gameplay is quite nice (other than a few bugs)- Key mapping is great and easy to useThe bad:- A few bugs/glitches. I had to restart a few levels due to getting stuck.- Storyline lacks depth, although this does not affect the gameplay at all.- Ending (the puzzle ending) confused me a bit. Maybe it was meant to be left open ended, but I don't think this was done well at all..Definately recommended."
76561197968600988,Not Recommended,218640,25040841,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,WarToad,"Meh.As others have stated it's not a ""kill people in clever ways you choose in a sandbox"". It's a ""figure out how to kill people in ONE clever way that it pre-determind.""It's narrative driven and probably not bad (gfx and controls are good) but not what I hoped. Should have researched before I bought."
,Recommended,218640,22865273,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Zlazoj Sivek,"Meh, I have mixed feelings about the game. As much as I feel playing as the Son of The Devil, I cannot stop feeling this game is a little bit boring, after some of the few chapters. What makes it playable is the killings, and the end is climatic as Hell.Get in on a sale day - it´s a game to play and finish during a weekend´s time, if you are into satanic stuff or if you despise the Abrahamic religions."
,Recommended,218640,23660874,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,uneasybeat,The Devilliterallymade me do it.
76561198067073865,Recommended,218640,20668732,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,AyhanEser (Ero-Sennin),oyunun adındanda anlaşılacağı üzere ne mal olduğumuz ortada zaten :)İşten eve geldiğinizde stres atmak için dur iki cinayet işlim keyfim yerine gelsin diyebileceğiniz tatlı mı tatlı bir oyun...Konu olarak bişey beklemeyin 3. sınıf amerikan filmleri tadında geyik bir konusu var..Oyunun başında pazarlamacı tipli biri gelip sen seçilmişsin boru değilsin sen öldür ben sana boncuk takayım diyor zaten çocuk olduğumuz için bir boncuğa tav olup evde kim var kim yok başlıyoruz katletmeye..Oyunun grafikleri yeterli seviyede ama grafik motorunda problem var bir an nedensizce 15fps ye kadar düşen görüntü 1milim kadar farklı bir yöne çevirdiğinizde normale dönüyor..En büyük sorun ise kart ların düşmemesi bir çok oyuncu bu konuda dertli.. ben tüm oyun boyunca 1 kart alabildim..Genelde oyunu bitirdikten sonra i.master la düşürüyorlar kartları...Para verip alırmısınız bilmem çünkü bir çok defa bedavaya dağıtıldı oyun illaki gene dağıtılır diye düşünüyorum...
76561198043303236,Not Recommended,218640,18531798,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SleeveDagger,"Unfortunately Lucius is buggy with a poor checkpoint system and has game breaking levels that are just unacceptable. The vague tutorials will have you looking for walkthroughs quickly and hampered by bugs in the game.  Sometimes leaving you with the game over screen when it shouldn’t be. Lucius is a clever idea and can be funny at times, but overall misses the mark."
,Recommended,218640,19157623,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,DirtyFishy,"Nice little 3rd person puzzler. 3rd Person point and click gameplay.It is incredibly buggy though. Sometimes finding items can be a little hard. Most of the powers seem to be useless except in certain contextual areas.Game looks okay. Fun to play.I'd get it on sale but I'd get every game on sale.It's definetely unique, so if you are into puzzle games and want something different, buy it. It's better than the sequel."
76561198021837454,Not Recommended,218640,23901289,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"I wish I could write iffy reviews. Because this is a game that will infuriate you with it's bugs and lack of a save feature but then make you laugh at all the stupid voice acting and goofy death scenes.A lot of the times the missions will be vague and you *will* need a guide.Sometimes your interface will disappear on you and not come back until you restart the whole game, and you can't save.There's no first person camera so get used to the back of Lucius' head blocking everything.But if you can look past all that, the game is still very amusing and atmospheric."
,Recommended,218640,32193580,Posted: 5 June,all,SergioWinter,"One family has a little cute child just a bit strange, but is ok. Actually, this kid is the son of the Devil and nothing will be ok, since there will be no survivors (besides him, of course), and you are him. In this game, you are the monster, only problem is that this monster only have one way to kill his victims, good luck trying to find how to do it. Good graphics and soundtrack, very original concept, buy it right now."
76561198132545171,Recommended,218640,16930512,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,BobArmstrong,"What can I say,I feel so satisfied when i can kill my bi#@y mother,my ugly Granfather and finally my dumb father :D"
,Recommended,218640,31436619,Posted: 29 April,all,PSYCH0T1C_GH0ST,"An amazing game with a very different, demonic and yet a wonderful concept, a 3rd person open world game where you have a very big mansion at you disposal to roam around as you wish.This game is about a little boy who can make contact with a demonic man who grants him a few supernatural powers, but in return that demonic man wants human souls, and we help him get those souls, we can create different scenarios to murder people, yes that little boy murders people in very brainy way, lol don't let you child or little siblings play this or i am not responsible for what happens next lol. Use your brain, create different scenarios, look around the mansion for tools from screwdrivers, padlocks, wrenches of different sizes, matchbox etc and use them plus your supernatural power to kill others. you can kill maids, and all other domestic help, and take this, you can even kill your parents lol, while making it look like a natural accident, police is clueless, This is one bad game XD. must play for fun."
,Recommended,218640,29552339,Posted: 28 January,all,HappyDog,"It's an okay game with some fairly hilarious murders along the way.The main issue with the game is that the kills you must perform along the way can be so abstract that you find yourself wandering around the mansion without any clue as to what you need to do. This isn't the case with every mission, but there are a lot of times that if it were not for various walkthroughs online you would not be able to solve the puzzle.Even when you wakeup each day, not every mission marks a target in your journal initially. Generally the mission title gives you a clue as to who it might be, but if you miss that - you'll have to look in every single room of the mansion until someone is marked as your target.Despite having said that, I'd recommend this game on the grounds that you don't mind using a walkthrough. The story is like a b-movie horror plot, and the voice acting is laughable - but for the short duration of the game (8-12 hours) and the fact it is inexpensive; it's quite entertaining. Some of the murders are quite gruesome and there is some nudity; so just be aware of that before you purchase the game."
,Recommended,218640,19737446,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,showmeyourboobs,"Well, this game is pretty awesome.. I mean killing people, worship Satan and stuff. But, there are also some annoying things such as broken controls, sometimes I couldn't pick up an item and had to reload. And one more thing which made me hate this game for a moment.. it's the mother of Lucius. I hate this stupid ♥♥♥♥♥, she used to follow me every step while I was playing. So sad I had no chance to kill her in a first hour of playing :\"
76561198031324041,Recommended,218640,21205658,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Mumm-Ra,"A game where you get to play as the antichrist, I found Lucius to be alot of fun. If you're a fan of the older Hitman games (Where planning of a hit was paramount) then you will find this game rewarding. Its also a breath of fresh air since you get to be truly evil for once.A small indie dev so don't go in expecting AAA production values."
,Recommended,218640,20753358,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Wolfanov,"Playing with Lucius and make a guy shoot himself in the head, take a picture of a couple having sex, kill a guy with some fire powers, learn some hell powers from lucifer himself...Yeah, this is the REALLY satan game, if you hate lucifer things and all this♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game os NOT for you10/10"
76561197970524936,Recommended,218640,11738982,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Kotajiro,家族と使用人をデビルパワーで皆殺しにするパズルゲーム。Hitmanから銃を奪い、ヅラとデビルパワーを与えたアサシンゲームといった感じだろうか。アイテム、条件を整え、状況に応じたパワーを使うと処刑タイムが始まるという仕組みになっている。いかに家族に怪しまれず、事故や自殺に見せかけて処すかを考えるのが面白いゲーム。面白いが、プレイしていると正気を失いかけるので気の弱い人にはおすすめできない。ボリューム：★★★★☆ゴア表現：  ★★★★★リプレイ性： ★☆☆☆☆ ←処刑シーンを何度も見たい人
,Not Recommended,218640,28186400,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ToneLoki,"A brilliant concept, but inescapably dull gameplay. You have to spend too much time wandering around looking for objects, or specific interactions, and because the game's kills are so linear, there is no way around this.A great idea, well built atmosphere and theme, but it just isnt really worth the time.  Also, my xbox360 controler did not work for this game despite 'full controler support'.6/10"
76561198167735285,Recommended,218640,25779059,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,J.,great adventure and little bit horor game but very short storyline but while you are achvement hunter you must played this game 40 hours for all achvements
,Recommended,218640,9577287,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Redrumtac,"This is a brutally dark and amazing game. If you really believe you are Lucius, the 6yr old spawn of satan, than you really understand how twisted and psychologically messed up this game truly is and you can really admire its beauty.Pros:~You are the 6yr old spawn of satan called Lucius. The story is quite intriguing because of this.~It is challenging because there are unique (though linear) ways to complete objectives.~The magical abilities are a nice added touch because the player does not feel like a normal 6yr child.~Great narrative during cutscenes. Its very interesting to hear a different perspective on the events taking place.~Relatively short game. 15-20hrs one walkthrough. But if you REALLY like the story/game you want MOAR!~Realistc. In the sense that, the people in the home, act like theyre just living in a home and do random house things.Cons:~ number one con. The game is too short. Simple 15-20hrs to complete (maybe shorter) but youre left wanting more.~Sometimes the objectives are confusing. You have to complete objectives in a specific way which might not be obvious.~You end up running into walls ..... A lot..... (ps. Hold shift to run. I didnt know this and spent at least half of the game walking at slow human child speed)~The character models aren't top notch. They dont look realistic. This doesnt bother me but it might bother others.~Controls are bothersome when first learning how to use abilities.~Telekinises needs work, levaiting and placing objects is just messy but can be overlooked because its not used often.~ Cutscenes. A lot of cutscenes. You dont like cutscenes? you might not like this. You like cutscenes? ignore this con.PS:Don't Agree with me if you have played the game? THATS FINE!!EVERY GAMER experiences one game differently regardless if your a twin, a quadruplet, a lover of all games etc etc.Agree to Disagree. I listed what might be noticeable cons to the game but THAT DOES NOT MEAN that the game is horrifically bad, EVERY game has AT LEAST one good aspect to it, even if its not obvious."
,Recommended,218640,16208975,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,hawthorne007,"Fairly short game but it's fun, the achievements are easy and the story's good"
,Recommended,218640,10460570,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Roopoo,"Completely brilliant, if somewhat linear.Once you get the hang of figuring out creative ways to kill people, and how to navigate the map, it becomes less tedious.Who needs clean underwear if you've already got your toys?"
,Recommended,218640,13469389,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kahisys,"Lucius is a gem of its own kind.The story, very original, compliments and works perfectly with the very original and unique gameplay. Even though the basic concept remains the same throughout the game, it never fails to feel new and more innovative each time, by asking you to really sit and think about how to proceed in your tasks. It's also very challenging ! You may get stuck on a few of the murders as they will really push you to be creative in your process of thoughts.It just was fun. Very fun.Now of course it's not perfect : there are a few minor bugs scattered around, and the gory/satanic side of the game may give people some trouble, but then again that's what to expect with such a game."
,Not Recommended,218640,18898536,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Manbeast,"An interesting game by a studio that dared to try something different. The final result is a rather linear, buggy experience that mostly has you running around a huge mansion hunting for clues or interactable objects that have to do with your current target. You'll mostly end up finding items you will need in later chapters, but you get to keep the items for later anyway. This makes the later killings much easier than the earlier ones, since you almost always already have a clue as to how you can use items A or B that your found 2 hours earlier for this.Not all solutions are particularly straightforward. Sometimes the clue you need is dropped in a single line at the start of a cutscene and is then never repeated again. (""Fetch us some [X] and turn on the [Z]!"") Other times characters will not shut up and will give you one hint after the other. (""There's a CRUCIFIX in our BATHROOM!"" *wink wink*)The game is strongest about halfway through, when you've gotten used to the controls and the layout of the manor, and you're starting to experiment with your new powers. The later kills and especially the finale involve some sort of time pressure element, which was very unwelcome.The finale itself is a buggy mess. The game crashed twice and bugged out three other times during the final 5 minutes of gameplay, all at seperate unrelated moments.It's nice that you got to choose from two different finales, though (action or puzzle), but in the end neither was much of an enjoyment.Get this game on sale only if you think you'd enjoy playing the antichrist riding around a giant manor on your tricycle, mostly hunting for clues and objects. Otherwise, don't bother."
,Recommended,218640,14312773,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Inmost Silence,"Lucius is an evil game with a great atmosphere and an amazing soundtrack. The gameplay however is at times just moderate and a bit clumsy bot most of the time it's interesting to figure out how the next murder should be done.The gameplay, the characters, the graphics, the soundtrack and finally the setting - all go arms in arms and create a wonderful charme of spine-chilling scariness.Overal this game is simply brilliant and I'm not aware of any other game with such a deep haunting atmosphere.Not recommended for weak nerves, otherwise try it out."
,Recommended,218640,19712225,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,🔪,If only my father was the Devil.
76561198002986817,Recommended,218640,17898192,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Phantom Virus,"If you want a game about murdering your family then this game is for you. Its a unique game I suppose although it is very rough. The narrative is good but its not great because you can't turn of subtitles and the voice actors are not that great. The murders are good but sometimes they don't always make sense. Sometimes their straightforward and you have no problems. Other times you can't figure them out and your forced to use a walkthrough. A shame the sequel to this game didn't turn out. This game could really use a re do to make better graphics and more lines of dialogue with better voice actors. Still, its good for 8 hours of fun."
,Recommended,218640,26640259,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Cruxia,If you enjoyed the movie The Omen you'll enjoy this game. It's a linear story game with objectives and side objectives to complete. The Side objectives are completely optional unless you wanna nab all those achievos. The collision with objects  can be a little wonky (your telekenesis tends to make items flail at lightspeed which is bad when you need to move items to a specific area) and the collection of items required for missions is cryptic. My biggest complaint would be for one mission where you have to place an object in a VERY specific spot to trigger the event. I won't say which one specifically but I was running around the yard for like 15 minutes trying to find this damn spot. Other than that (and getting stuck in a coffee table)  it's a pretty fun game!
,Not Recommended,218640,14358232,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Jov,"Even though I got this at a 90% discount ($1.99), I was still left with a bad taste in my mouth, and wouldn't recommend it even at that price.There's so much potential here, but the whole experience was messed up by frequent bugs and poor design choices. I'm normally very forgiving of bugs in games, but so many of these seemed like easy fixes that I felt like the product was rushed or lazily made.The theme and enviornments are fun, as are the sidequests, but there are odd floating objects, crashes to desktop, and puzzle/action sequences that are extremely unguided and frustrating. Some puzzles are so counter-intuitive that you will either need to look up a guide or try to brute-force through a puzzle by ""pixelhunting"" for the item you need to interact with. Probably half my playtime was spent being stuck, and when I finally found the answer it wasn't one of those ""DUH"" moments, but rather ""that wasn't clear at all!"". The end sequence is so frustrating that I had absolutely no satisfaction from beating it, and was glad it was over.A little more bugfixing and polish would have gone a LONG way here.Can I get my $2 back?Also, the acheivements are terrible! 40 hours playing this? Yeah right!"
,Not Recommended,218640,17856944,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Crichton,This looked like it could of been a good game but you are not given any info in the game on what your suppose to do.This is the reason I do not Recommend this game Also its not worth $20 if you want to try it wait until its on Sale again here on Steam.The Controls on this game are also worthless.So Unless you get this free or for $1 like I did I don't recommend it
,Recommended,218640,7632335,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,夏姫,"Awesome way to kill people. The story is common (horror movie and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the gameplay is somehow, really good. You'll love your Uncle's perversion and be really HAPPY to kill your family and... servants. Just try it, it's really fun!"
,Recommended,218640,14716218,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"Let's be as clear as we can about a few things up front: Lucius is not the best designed game. Its puzzles are often meant to be solved by sending you on a linear path from clue to clue, but that path can be broken by the fact that it's a fairly open world. An NPC might send you to a specific room and the game might expect that you pick up a certain item from it and infer from context that it's to be used in this chapter. But if you picked that item up 5 chapters ago, you might be struggling to make that connection, and instead scour the room for ways to use any of its other set pieces. Some mechanics are clumsy, there's a bit of pixel hunting, and the logic stringing puzzles together can be weird and opaque. You should play the game with another person or a guide to help hammer through it.All that said, Lucius is pretty fun. For all its kludginess and opacity, it still lets you murder everyone in the house in exchange for rad powers from Satan, and there's a simple joy in running throughout the mansion inverting all the crosses so you can live like a tr00 kvlt six-year-old of the bitter frozen necrofrost. If only you could wear corpse-paint like the band Immortal to let the normals know where you stand."
,Recommended,218640,15086252,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Lukewarm Bong,"Murdered the gardener by making him ram his head into the lawn mower and escaped on my getaway Tricycle. 10/10In all honesty though this game can be kind of a pain to figure out. Don't go in with the mindset that you will absolutely NOT use a guide- because you will probably never beat it without one. Some of the kills are straight absurd on how you do it. Otherwise fun game, I still recommend!"
,Recommended,218640,25794532,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ozzyoscy,"The criticisms are unfounded.I didn't buy this for a while because many reviews spoke of mainly 2 reasons that made the game frustrating: 1) A lack of autosave means you have to do the WHOLE level again if you get caught. 2) It isn't clear what you have to do, and you spend forever wandering around trying to find or use the right item.What they don't mention is 1) a level lasts 2 minutes when you figure what to do and, bar 1-and-a-third levels, you can move freely around your mansion. 2) You're given many clues, but there's always Google for when you derp. I HATE doing the same thing over again, even just backtracking, but this never happened.Another common complaint is the linearity, but the way you have to kill them is often the logical choice. You're supposed to cover up your kills, so the game just letting you shoot everyone would bore as well as defeat the point. (Lucius 2 would go on to prove this point according to all those reviews.)It falls down at the final part/ending, it's a bit awkward, but overall it's a fun, quick game. While some things aren't amazing (voice acting, cutscene animation, music use), it should be noted that this unique game came from an independent developer from Finland, so I give them leeway, and it's not bad anyway. Best of all, they actually care about their players. I'm reviewing their final, polished version. When there were noises that the finale was disappointing, they made a thread on Steam and asked for feedback and if people would like an alternate finale, then added one (it's a bit better).Be that creepy mute kid who follows people around on his tricycle down hallways. It's a right laugh."
,Recommended,218640,26179549,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Insania,In this game your the Antichrist!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Gameplay 6/10 creative ways to kill people but it doesnt give u almost any information to help u so use googlestory is decent 7/10achievements 10/10 loved it made me laugh .Music 8/10 creepy :DOverall 7/10 this game has its flaws but its a good game
,Not Recommended,218640,20277426,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,guy fieri,"At first when I played this game I thought it was going to be some fun little satan goes on a rampage sandbox.Sadly, it's not.This game is really just a lot of searching for objects and occasionally doing some optional side quests. The cutscenes are alright but it's not as fun as I thought it would be. However, I will admit that Lucius has a great walk.Would I recommend it? Not at the full price. If you get a good sale on it, knock yourself out then, but don't expect too much out of it."
,Recommended,218640,27602189,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scarlette,"this is the first game that gave me experience to be abad-satanish-boycharacter.at first I was really excited to be in this huge mansion but after like few hours Im getting bored cuz actually this mansion is not that ""huge"".plus with lack of creativity in killing people cuz there is specific weapon for specific people in specific mission.So, thanks to the walkthrough guide :Dwell it is worth to try.my playtime is including my little sister's playtime and also the one for getting the achievement"
,Recommended,218640,19162553,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,KERNBOOM,"The puzzles can be really irrationaI. The delivery isn't fluent, a lot of switches between tutorials, missions and story elements. I hope Lucius 2 is better. Still recommending it for its pricing, idea and originality. No regrets."
76561198080803706,Not Recommended,218640,28002842,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nomnom,"Great in concept, absolutely indescribably terrible in execution."
,Recommended,218640,12385239,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,FrYsGaL,"EDIT REVIEW:Ok.. well there is now an auto save and a save after every chapter. So yeah... this game is excellent. After about 10 minutes, you get used to the controls and then the story captivates you. Played this game at one time. The game makes you think as you try to solve the puzzles to murder all the people in your house. What more could you want?Oh and the ending... I won't spoil it... but it's great to see this type of ending.!!ORIGINAL REVIEW:As much as I want to like and play this game, I don't. The story is good, but the controls are a little tricky to get used too. The worst part..? There is no option to save. So you will get so far and have to go for whatever reason, but your game hasn't saved so you can only start from the start again... No thanks. Fix this and I will play it again."
,Not Recommended,218640,14345050,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,solaris32,"I can really only recommend this game if you get real cheap (right now it's 90% off and thus $2 making it worth it), but since the normal price is $20 I can't recommend this game. The reason I was interested in this game is because of the obvious: you're the son of the devil and you kill people. However the story doesn't really go beyond this (just the brief musings of the detective at the end of a chapter). You barely, if at all, get to know any of the people before you kill them. When there's no personality or character development with the characters then there's nothing felt when you kill them. I could forgive this if the ways that you setup the deaths of people weren't the very definition of linear. This too could be forgiven except the steps you take to setup the deaths are also very unintuitive. They aren't even puzzles; it's just a process of figuring out what weird way the developers want you to setup the next person's death. There's almost no thought or intelligence involved on your part.Another thing I was interested in, like most people I'm sure, are the deaths themselves. Considering this game was supposed to have earned an AO for Adults Only rating from the ESRB (refused to avoid complications with release) I was a little disappointed. A couple of them are gruesome sure, but they've got nothing on some of the fatalities in the Mortal Kombat games (which are rated M for Mature). There is a kill that Lucius himself gets to personally make, but I was highly disappointed when we don't actually get to see Lucius do it. One minute he's standing there, and we know what he's about to do, but the next he's done it and we saw nothing. Boo!You are slowly given 5 different powers to make these deaths happen. They can also level up in power when you make a new kill. Only problem is the concept of leveling them up is absolutely pointless because there's only 1 way to setup the death of a person and you are always at the right power level to do it. You don't get to use certain powers when you think you could either, because again there's only 1 way to make the deaths happen.Pros:+Voice acting was decent or better, especially Lucifer's.+The basic concept.Neutral:+-A couple of the deaths are cool. Most are forgettable.+-It's pretty easy to get lost; a minimap would've been nice. At least there is a map and a marker telling you where your kill target is located.Cons:-The story lacks any depth beyond the obvious, and the characters themselves are given no time to develop or have much of a personality so that when they do die we the players don't care one way or the other.-Figuring out what to do next is part luck and part tedious searching of rooms and objects to find the right thing to interact with.-Completely linear death setups that don't allow creativity of your mind powers or anything else.-Mind powers have no depth despite being able to level up.-The graphics are pretty poor. Could be forgiven but the animations are also lacking which doesn't help the already lifeless characters.Despite all this I am interested in the sequel and the promise that it corrects some of the issues here like linear deaths."
,Not Recommended,218640,15527374,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Ediz,"I bought the game with high expectations, yet Lucius couldn't cover them.Cons:It's literally a puzzle game, but a boring one.Disappointing ending.Bad story line.Makes you just want to get over with it.Pros:Lucius' face expression."
76561198021238703,Not Recommended,218640,10176247,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,mrbdrm,"a lot of bugs that will kill the experience and its poorly scripted so you will get the mission requirement before it's begen and the notebook will be missedup when the mission start, it will not update you on the next step and you will be forced to seek answers in walkthroughs."
76561198014146141,Recommended,218640,16219066,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,+Voice work+Story+Music-Can't skip cutscenes-Game becomes bugged if you pick up an item before you should.-Resume game option only after intro level-Can't skip HUD intro.
76561198127120717,Recommended,218640,11406130,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,julzwz,"First off, let me start with who I am.  I'm a rare bird in the gaming world being a middle aged female with a career and the usual middle age responsibilities.  This lends me to games which don't require hours of controller practice, though there is the occassional first person shooter I enjoy, eg, Red Dead Redemption.Lucius is an adventure game of the Myst genre with well integrated puzzles to solve but no real controller work.   The puzzles are a bit too easy.  I didn't have to look for a Lucius wiki.  I'd give the storytelling a B+.  It's a decent game to play on a slow weekend.  It won't take much longer.  The steam price is appropriate for this game.  Worth playing but I wouldn't have been happy with it if I bought it at it's original retail price, just not much depth."
,Recommended,218640,14683016,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,(GoR)Andrew.zhd,"Free the demon inside you and fulfill your destiny as the Devil's champion in this bloodchilling thriller game. Taking a part in a series of murders, player controls Lucius - a child... that kills.The game's concept itself could be considered as something we have not yet seen (at least, at this large scale) in games generally. You play as a little boy who is not what he seems to be. Gameplay basically is similar toHitmanfranchise, but it's not the same thing as you do all these bloody deeds with the child's hands (and his devil mind).I give this game a high mark as it was a great experience and I have completed the game in a single day (evening and night, to be precise) because I couldn't have stopped once I've started....Oh, one more important thing. it's not a game for kids!!! Even while main character is a kid, the game is violent and intense in some manner, so keep your kids off the screen! I'm serious!"
76561198026199835,Recommended,218640,22193869,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,NerdyKitty,"This game is all about doing chores, hanging around in the house, and trying to kill the people you don't like.And that's basically my life too."
,Recommended,218640,33445119,Posted: 10 July,all,ttteena,"spooky, a fun little game, not much replay value thoughwould recommend if it goes on sale :)"
,Recommended,218640,33865733,Posted: 28 July,all,Putey,"If you can look past the graphics (Since the game was made in 2012) and enjoy finding clever ways to kill people then you'll really enjoy this game. The mechanics are really great and the story makes you feel actually pretty powerfull, which is always fun."
,Recommended,218640,18569958,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Welshie,"I recommend this game if it is on sale like when I got it.A short puzzle game that is not really for everyone but some players will like it.You play the son of the devil (or demon) and you end up going around your home using your environment to kill people.When you start your murder rampage, police detectives will get involved making the game more interesting by making you be more careful of witnesses and evidence.There are a few weapons to make and use.Just think of it like this, your an evil little sith with powers like mind control and telekenises which allows you to sacrifice your family to satan :)It is played on a large map with hidden areas and quite a few puzzles to figure out.The game looks okay but can be a little dark and while not glitchy sometimes I felt trying to click on certain items took to much effort and the inventory felt a little annoying.I never encounted a glitch or crashed.The achievements were fun to get at first but this is one of thoes games where a time requirement is needed for some achievements like the 20 hours and then the 40 hours achievements when to be honest you can complete the game in around 5-7 hours, I ended up playing the game a couple of times but then just idleing the time away on it.Again I would say get this game if it is on sale not at full price even if you end up not liking the game I think it makes a nice Tricycle simulator."
,Recommended,218640,25987764,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ricardod123,"Great little game.Its not that long, but it defo makes up for length in atmosphere. I would bet my manhood that the devs are fans of the Omen....For £1, you cannot go wrong here!"
76561198012833532,Recommended,218640,21798894,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"6 year old kid killing his whole family for the glory of Satan. And you are that kid armed with demonic power. Each murder has to look like accident so they wont throw your♥♥♥♥♥in asylum, or yet worse, catholic church. The concept actually sounds better than actual gameplay looks like, but it is worth trying."
,Recommended,218640,20130724,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Yoshi The Green,"Always wanted to be the little♥♥♥♥♥♥that you know you were, but didn't want the♥♥♥♥♥whooping if your parents found out? Well this game is for you; going around offing people you don't like or just anyone in general. As the spawn of Lucifer you go around murdering people to send their souls to him.That's basically it; however the game doesn't hold your hand, even if your stuck on a certain part and have no idea what to do, the game will not give a hint even after 10 minutes. This is where my frustrations lie; I don't want to be going around looking at every little thing that I might be able to use. Even though I game a lot I still consider myself to be a casual gamer, as I don't want to tediously do things such as look around for things to contaminate for example: I knew I had to poison someone and went into the kitchen and couldn't find anything resembling a platter to contaminate. I went onto Youtube and found that it was a basket I had to infect. Keep in mind that this is a rich family and the maid who took the food to the person always had a platter for her!If you have patience and can get into these kind of games I would recommend it."
,Recommended,218640,19735234,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ςσsmiη,"This game is pretty cool, funny to play, even if you will dafinetely need a guide to finish it. But seriously what are that achievements? 20h and 40h for a 7-8 hours game is insane. Maybe if there were more ways to kill or idk, multiple versions of the campaign. Anyway, buy the game, it is good."
,Recommended,218640,19629513,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Booty Luv,A personal guilty pleasure. Fans of tacky horror movies will find enjoyment in Lucius.The mansion where the game takes place is  very interesting and is a excellent environment to explore.The graphics fail to impress and the controls feel very clumsy. Chapters also feel very short and fails to give players the chance to be creative as the way you kill people has already been pre-determined by the game.Overall the game is enjoyable but could have used a bit more polishing.
,Recommended,218640,22255426,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SasquatchFix,Kill your family.Impress your unholy father.?????Profit!Other thoughts: I'm impressed that this game still gets occasional updates.
,Recommended,218640,10174747,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,LoveJesusHateTheGovernment,"The next time you go to church and the preacher tells you that video games are evil, you can look him in the eye and tell him.......er....uh......Well, since this game's release, there's really no good counter argument. LOL Yep, in this game you play as the son of the devil. It is heavily influnced by the 1976 classic ""Omen,"" and that honestly is the only thing that initially attracted me to this game. It's a third person mystery/adventure game where you explore a huge mansion and find creative ways to kill off the help. You do not play a hero. If this game has any heros at all, it's the detective and your clueless parents.  The chapters of the game are divided into each person you kill, and with each murder, your satanic powers are increased. You get such skills as mind control, combustion, and memory erase. You can move things with your mind and set people on fire, but you can't be seen because you don't want to draw suspicion. The story is progressed through very good cutscenes told between chapters and the game has a lot of atmosphere. The story reaches it's climax during a very cool exorcism scene, but man I've never played a game where I wanted the character I play as to loose so bad. It's a very interesting twist that honestly, I wasn't totally comfortable with. But it was original, unique, and very interesting, with great controls and a neat open world mansion to explore. So if you don't mind taking the role of a devil child and knocking off helpless people for Satan, this might be your cup of tea. BWAHAHAHAHAHAAA!!"
,Recommended,218640,11247398,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Trakais,"It's entertaining, short, adventure, puzzle quest game with many gruesome deaths, little bit of nudity and few plot twists.Game is straight forward - there is only one way to kill each person and you must find all items to do it. Even with all quest items, it may take some time to understand what and where is required to do, but luckily there are guides for that.Don't expect open world here - mansion and garden is all you can explore.Graphics even on Ultra High left me unsatisfied. You may encounter some bugs, restarting chapter will fix that.There are 2 endings. First is easy, 2nd takes some time to do it right, but will reward you with more satisfying ending, a la horror movies.Don't expect too much, this is no AAA title, but good for indie developers.Buy it on sale and you won't regret it.P.S. Don't let your kids play this."
,Recommended,218640,35486419,Posted: 4 October,all,:P,dis game for all the sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who want to kill moms and dads YEET
,Recommended,218640,14419082,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Atrum Regina,I've always dreamed at things that Lucius does. ♥♥♥♥ing wonderful game. Best song for this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWNzZygAjJY
76561198144502946,Not Recommended,218640,14417314,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,KHK,"Lucius is one of those games where so much could have been done, but nothing was. It is very linear, you cannot decide who you want to kill and when, but the game tells you who, and exactly how to do it. It introduces new skills when they are to be used. The characters have no character, except for the father and the detective. Either the mansion is too big, or there is too little in it. I did enjoy the story-telling element of the detectives puzzlement.I got Lucius on sale for 90% off, and that is a more fair price at which I would recommend it."
,Not Recommended,218640,18819830,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MrGoodGamer596,worst game ever
,Not Recommended,218640,11360222,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Applec0re.,"Very slow and annoying that you cant skip a lot of the cut scenes. I am not very far into the game but after your first achivemnt it stops giving you hints on how to kill the person and you have to figure out random stuff. Like killing Gene, the map tells you to go straight to where Gene is but first you have to stop and get the screw driver from the other guy, but to figure that out I actually had to look it up online. Not much fun and very slow"
,Recommended,218640,25217102,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Probably Not Xho,Antichrist Simulator 2012.10/10 would kill everyone again
76561198116188840,Recommended,218640,9646694,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,DoctorPepper4,Saw adults engaging in coitus. 10/10
,Recommended,218640,18036938,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a third person action ""demonic"" game.Interface/Menu/SettingsGame has many different resolution sizes.You can have multiple different profile slots.You can play with the xbox controller.You play in fullscreen or windowed mode.There is a brightness volume level.You are able to toggle the music/sound.There is a sound/music volume slidebar available.There are some different languages available.There is mouse sensitivity available.You are able to change your controls on the keyboard.There is chapter selection.About the game.You play as a kid and you will follow orders from the devil to kill people in the mansion. You will have to kill them 1 by 1 in an ""innocent"" way. You have the ability to use some magic spells against the victims. All victims will die in an unique way and you are the one that is causing these accidents. You could do some chores to unlock some new things but this is completely situational. The game is pretty easy to understand but some chapters does require some brain cells or timing.There are puzzles.Animations can sometimes be funky.Okay Music.Okay Graphics.You can skip the cutscenes.You have an inventory.Other things.Has some nudity parts.The game is based of from the movie ""Omen""Let's Try Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq5Ne0fEG4YLet's Play Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67ocOvAhfGQ-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,218640,34402070,Posted: 21 August,all,Andi,"Lucius is a third person 3D puzzle game where you get to kill your victims in various ways.  Basically, this game is The Omen in game form.  Even the character you control looks like Damian.Pros:Great conceptDecent story-lineGood graphics (for the time)Stealth game (if you like that sort of game)Cons:Very linearNot well optimizedA few of the puzzles are very hard to figure it outNo free range in killing your victimsEven though there are equal amounts of pro's and con's, I really liked this game.  Each new chapter brought with it a new challenge.  Find your unfortunate target and try to figure out how to kill them without being noticed.  Each kill is unique and will bring with it a new set a obstacles to overcome.  Some of the puzzles are straight forward while others requires a bit of thought.  The story continues from chapter to chapter with you picking off the staff and family members one by one and gaining new powers as you do until there is only one left and he knows who you really are.Although the story is good and the puzzles are solid, one of the things that bothered me was the fact that this game is not well optimized.  The map is not very big and most of this game takes place inside of a mansion with a very small backyard.  I think with the small size of the map it could have been optimized better.  The biggest problem I had with this game is the fact the there is no free range in killing your victims.  Meaning that there is only one way to kill that particular person and this is not subject to negotiation.  The saving grace is that each person is killed in a different way so the game won't repeat the puzzles... unlike The Witness.One a side note... originally, I had listed sex and nudity as a pro only because it comes into play in killing two of your targets but then I took it out.  Don't get me wrong, I'm not offended by sex and nudity as long as it plays into the story.  The only reason I'm mentioning this is because in Lucius II, I have it listed as a con because there's two people having sex in a bathroom, that have nothing to do with the story, for no reason at all.At the time of this review, Lucius was selling for $9.99.  Well worth it.  It's a unique story with unique ways to kill your victims."
,Recommended,218640,21630826,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,AzoreanEve,"This is a suprisingly nice game. Wasn't expecting nearly as much from it.Basically you're a devilish child doing devilish things, cursing your manor and driving the family insane.Pros:Different sort of game you don't see around much.Fun and diverse missions. Quite relaxing and engaging. It's not a hard game at all.A lot of attention to detail on the manor's furnishing. You can tell who lives where and learn a lot about everyone from their rooms.Extra chores are worth doing and make sense.Interesting character dialogueYou can walk around the manor with your mum's panties in hand, no questions asked.Magic dad gives cool gifts.Cons:No replay value, coupled with this being a short game. I wish we had something extra to do other than the ridiculous achievements.Preformance issues. Now I know the house is cramped with objects which makes it heavier but that's no excuse for large frame drops and crashes whenever I break a cup. The ending turns into a slideshow unless I had the graphics on low. Srsly this game isn't all that cutting edge and my laptop isn't bad. What the hell is with these issues?Magic dad doesn't care for friend or foe; even the nicest people have to go :(Best satanic murder simulator. Really worth getting."
,Recommended,218640,29509229,Posted: 26 January,all,Larry Long Dong,Has some ups and downs I dont know you decide:+Fun+Challenging+Uniqe powers+Good voice acting-Not much to do with your powers-House is way too big and the map is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ending
,Recommended,218640,11351704,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,FatalScriptError ^v^,Satan taught me how to use a flashlight.10/10
,Recommended,218640,23286233,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Vio,"Pretty neat little game, more fun if you go for 100% achievs.(paid $3.50 for both Lucius 1 & 2 very happy, felt like a steal)"
76561197984223816,Not Recommended,218640,13610839,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,daooat,"I was drawn in by the idea to experience a bit of ""The Omen"" perhaps, but the execution is poor. Very clucky controls what frustrate at times making it had to naviagate the world or select objects to interact with.  The worst is during what was a firey confrontation, I fell through the world as I attempted to turn a cross upside down, only to do it again when I respawned. The third time I passed through a locked door and could not reenter to finish the fight.Overall, it is very sloppy. The story line was what I expected but after the 11th ""chapter"" the initial novelity had worn out."
,Recommended,218640,7569631,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Foxy the Milf Hunter,HEIL LUCIFER
76561198266426220,Recommended,218640,30121479,Posted: 23 February,all,控地球的激光怪oO,"先提一句吧……所有有时间成就的游戏都是耍流氓……游戏槽点很多想起来了再补充……微剧透花个折扣价就当免费体验豪宅了（伪沙箱）我一开始是这样的想法玩的游戏每当杀掉一个与小少爷（我）亲近的人……罪恶感真的很强，因为每一个人的死相和被杀手法都极其残忍白天仆人亲人对我嘘寒问暖 面对这些很难下的了手在最后几章剧情的高潮上，父亲已经发现我这个噩梦之源母亲选择相信我并决定在花园里等待父亲谈判（可能离婚）当母亲在椅子上一遍唱着”大家死了，都死了“又一遍回头看宅邸的时候我实在无法做这一章了保险柜密码是我的生日 礼物道具都是母亲给的 每次宅子里相遇的唠叨 夸我是乖孩子的笑颜如花 游戏有很多细节最后的剧情上是我借了父亲的手杀了她 她的脸紧贴着电脑屏幕 这种死相更像是一种对玩家的控诉我无话可说默默的在最后一章手刃了父亲这个世界都没有错 在第二结局中 父亲用十字架反杀我的时候被后面的紧跟过来的警察一枪击毙 多么可笑无论这个警察早一点或者晚一点都不行 警察保护孩子没错  这种情节更多的是一种来自于上帝的嘲讽上帝嘲讽着撒旦 就像我们嘲讽着卢修斯一样Let's start with one sentence...... All the time to achieve the game is a rascal......A lot of points to think of the game to add...... Micro spoilersTake a discount when free experience in luxury (pseudo sandbox) I started this idea to play the gameEvery time I kill a person close to the young master...... Guilt is really strong, because each person's death and are extremely cruel killerThe servant family for me being faced with these difficult under the handIn the last chapter of the climax of the story, the father has found the source of my nightmareMy mother chose to trust me and decided to wait for her father to negotiate in the gardenWhen the mother again in a chair singing ""we are all dead dead,"" and again when looking back at the mansion I cannot do this chapterSafe password is my birthday gift props are met every house in the mother's nagging praised me is good child smile game a lot of detailsAt the end of the story is I borrowed his father's hand to kill her. Her face is close to the computer screen that death is more like a game player on indictmentI have nothing to saySilently in the last chapter hand blade fatherThe world is not wrong in the end of second the father used the cross to kill me after being followed by the police shot a gun how ridiculousNo matter how early or later the police were able to protect the child, it was more of a kind of mockery from GodGod mocks Satan as we taunt Lucius"
76561198027337953,Not Recommended,218640,11710783,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,FISTO!,"This is one of the worst games I have ever played. If you like context dependent ""find the magic pixel"" games wearing the disguise of a puzzle/stealth game then this is perfect for you. WHO WAS THIS MADE FOR? Omen fans? Were people really clamoring for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls and contrived plots? How about broken stealth segments that rely on repetition with little to no indication of where enemies are? I can not emphasise enough how terrible this game is.You play Lucius, the antichrist born through the machinations of your grandfather who made a pact with the devil to gain power and money. Now you have to go through a mansion and kill people as offerings to Satan in an effort to increase your power. This is done by finding little items hidden throughout the one location in the game and using them to engineer traps or situations that you can influence through your satanic powers that end with someone dying. I guess it's a good game for... snuff enthusists? The payoff to solving the puzzles is a gruesome cutscene sometimes followed by a new power to use that are highly sensitive to context. There's no experimentation, no alternate paths, just a set puzzle with one often obscure conclusion. God help you if you don't know where to get an item that you need to solve a puzzle. It'll usually be tucked away, some colorless chunk on the washed-out palate that you need to click on. Speaking of items, there's an inventory where you store particular items that relate to the story but there's no differentiation between the items you can pick up and the junk that is strewn throughout the house that you can just pick up and HOLD. Sometimes you'll even need to just pick up the items you can't put in your inventory! The house, which is the only setting, is featureless and huge. You can run around up and down stairs, but if you turn a corner too fast or make some minute adjustment with the camera you're going to get lost. Every room and every hallway looks the same, but after about 4 hours of playing I stopped having to refer to the map every 10 seconds.The characters are all terribly stiff archetypes capering around and delivering lines through terrible voice acting. Not many lines were recorded, so expect to hear repeated dialogue a LOT. Another part of the story is told through what seems to be the diary entries of a detective named ""McGuffin"" (hilarious) but I have NO IDEA why these segments were included. Who cares about what some detective is doing when that isn't the focus of the game at all? Why make that a thing? There's no mystery being solved for the player. You know EXACTLY what's happening because the 10 minute intro sequence spelled everything out for you. No tension is built through this parallel exposition and no new information is gained. It just turns into a boring sequence of people jabbering at each other, faking emotion while delivering tired and predictable lines that usually pan out like this:""I'm a detective who can't figure out why people keep killing themselves.""""Something weird is going on and the my upcoming election can't handle the scandal if the public gets wind of all these people killing themselves in my home.""""I know. It's so WEIRD though.""Now repeat that between every one of the 18 chapters.This game was boring, frustrating, contrived, cheap, brought nothing new to the experience, had shoddy controls, barely any mechanics, and was a genuine pain to play. Don't buy it, don't play it."
,Recommended,218640,14472003,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,hank hell,666 out of 10
76561198156857481,Recommended,218640,13326502,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ViperaCorvus,It's a fun game though sometimes the house can get pretty confusing. Worth the 5 dollars for sure.
76561198073600298,Recommended,218640,19857331,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Legacy,"You are Lucius, you are the anti christ, you are death.Play as a small quiet child named Lucius, born to a rich senator and a loving mother. You live in a large mansion, with maids and butlers that make your life easier.. in different ways than intended.Normally maids and people of service are there to clean or fix, or even get you things when you are too lazy to grab them yourself. Not for Lucius, these servants are souls waiting to be reaped for the hellfire home you call hell.But of course you are just a child with weak powers, you can not just reveal yourself, that would mean certain death and prolong the rebirth. No, you will do this silently and as if accidents have befallen your estate. What better way to absorb the poor souls of innocent men and woman then by ""accidently"" killing them?The gameplay isnt very linear sometimes, so that can be frustrating for some people, me included. I found myself looking at guides to find certain items or to find out where I need to go next. The mansion you are living in is also massive and complicated at first, really confusing you more than needed.The deaths are fun, giving a sense of accomplishment when you kill someone.You can break stuff, mind control people, erase their minds, use your mind to move objects and burn people alive.About 5 hours of gameplay if you play it to finish, not including achievements or general exploration.I'd say give it a shot, and if it gets too complicated or annoying just pull up a guide from the steam overlay or on your phone for ease of access.Personal Rating: 3.5/5"
76561198354295583,Not Recommended,218640,29176045,Posted: 10 January,all,koddaii,"The entire game was glitchy, to the point where even the dub was glitching out and the game itself was moving faster than the people talking. It would be fun if it weren't for the agonizing lag I tried to ignore, but couldn't. Even the second game experienced this, and it was even worse! I don't recommend this game to anyone if they have low patience and don't want to get sick from looking at how quickly the camera moves after a good five seconds of staring at the same screen."
76561198051168876,Not Recommended,218640,13404101,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Iggy,"This is the plot of the first Omen movie, but thenalso taking place at a same location as in the secondmovie, a mansion that is. Even the birthday party isincluded right at the beginning. So this is simply''Omen - The game'' (for those who are familiar with it).Good stuff:*Assuming it has been well tested or been worked onby great programmers, seeing how I've never experienceda single bug in it myself.*The atmosphere is probably what holds it up.Like a weak and sole supporting beam. It makes thegame enjoyable enough to go on and see what thenext death is gonna be like.Built up with the characters in the mansion gettingmore and more tensed after every accident.But other than that...Bad stuff experienced (as feedback):*Graphics are too dark in some areas to make out details.*Music does not hold enough variety.*The controls, or specifically in this case, thecamera perspective, is working against you when youwish to highlight and interact with objects.*The Gameplay offers very little to do other thanjust progressing the story. Apart from being ableto acquire three more or less helpful items, afterdoing minor tasks, there are no side quests at allor alternative paths in the game. This makes it muchtoo linear and thereby cuts it down rather short.*There is no challenge. The toughest part in thegame, is to control the telekinesis with your mousemovement, in order to swing objects at people.That's about it.Conclusion:I don't recommend purchasing this for more than10 Euro/12 Dollar"
,Not Recommended,218640,33540637,Posted: 14 July,all,^_^ IzzY ^_^,if you are an youtuber and want sh*t tones of viewsjust record the walkthrough gameplay for this game because noone in the universe can finish this game without any kind of help.its hard to recomend this gamethis game has really bad checkpoint system.worst map ever made in video games.noone can ever find where to go because of this.and huge fps drops while using your power to ignite firestoryline isnot bad but neither goodonly good thing this game has is soundtrack <3 and this is the reason why you should buy this gamebut donot waste your money unless its on sale or something
,Recommended,218640,35469339,Posted: 4 October,all,Crow,"Never play this game. Ever, promise me kids"
,Not Recommended,218640,10105496,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,ANIMAL MOTHER,This game was a joke to me. I don't know why it just seemed ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. You go around killing people as a little boy that never freakin talks man.
,Recommended,218640,13581097,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DyaBuza,"You have no friends! Everyone must die!You are the son of Lucifer. You must to kill to get new strength.Very innovative gameplay, puzzles. Where you will have to solve puzzles to kill and not get caught! Game like high-quality movie! A lot of blood!I really liked the game!Recommend to everyone!"
76561198117124319,Recommended,218640,34457255,Posted: 24 August,all,Fera ~ Sugar Beast,"Lucius IYou play as Lucius, a rich, quiet child who grew up with loving parents, but no friends, homeschooled and isolated from the world; but when you come at age, you now venture out on an adventure to meet people, grow some competences and figure out your place in the world.Which turns out to be beside the throne of Satan since you're his son, and you grow your satanical powers by killing people.Warning: This game contains Gore, Violence and a Creepy Child.If you want a sandbox-mode game where you can do every sort of creative murders, don't buy this game - This is much more like a puzzle, where every murder has 1 fixed set of specific items, methods and proces.Hail Satan - ProsStoryline - I actually found the story quite interesting, and well told - considering the game focus on murdering the household.Challenging puzzle murders - Since there are specific items required, it can be challenging to figure out what, how and when to use everything. Especially since the devs was on weed and bloodrush when they made this game.Take the challenge or use a guide.Good first part of the game, but then the murders gets less creative, much easier and short.However you can choose completed levels at will, if you just can't get enough of killing a person.You can walk around and destroy countless plates, glasses and bottles: and people don't care. Yes - you will be frustrated enough to do this in your search for 1 specific unknown mission piece.Good cutscenes - But the graphic could be much better.Often on a 75-90% DiscountThumbs DownThe game is short - took me 13 hours without a guide - Most people say they completed it around 5-6 hours.On top of that there's an achievement for playing 40 hours.The controls can be a bit awkward/chunky.Biking around was near to impossible for me, unless you want to hit every damn wall every damn 2 meters.You can't use your powers at will, you have to make the murders appear like accidents.- It would have been seriously cool to fly through the air surrounded by fire and mindcontrolled people thpugh.Experienced a few bugs, mostly in the graphic - nothing that stopped the game progress though.Closing CommentsA fun little game if you're into the whole control the world thingy - I guess you can't use Deus Ex Machina here, hmm.Good for anger-management, you learn not to kill from anger, but from an emotionless psycho state.Good if you have kids, preferable to have no more than 1.Good for playing in a dark room, preferable in a huge mansion.I will play and review Lucius II eventualy, but I hear it's much better than I- Check it out too."
,Recommended,218640,7581495,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,嘘も方便,"А-а-а-а! Наконец - то нашла хоррор, который для меня идеально подходит. Вот нету слов, чтобы описать замечательность, чудесность этой игры! 18 различных убийств, которые мы так легко скрываем. По дому кишат полицейские, ночью ходят все жильцы дома, но никто не подозревает, что виновник всех смертей - маленький неразговорчивый Люциус. Графика там не особо, поэтому испуга от убийств вряд ли получите, зато их суть, задумка и процесс - это что - то! В общем, засела я ""на часик"" поиграть и проиграла целых 5. Рекомендую. Лайк."
76561198128515931,Recommended,218640,10624505,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Yellow,"I got this game on sale a little while ago, and I had such a great time playing it.  The game follows a strict storyline but allows you free reign of the house to explore.  It does glitch at times, which can be frustrating, especially towards the end, but I would say that the gameplay itself makes up for that.  The dark plot and graphic murders are definitely an enticing storyline, although I would say (without giving too much away) that the story seemed very rushed towards the end.  But overall, a brilliant game, very enjoyable to play, would definitely recommend."
76561198164520221,Recommended,218640,21264853,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,rugerblacktalon,This kid Lucius  is one sadistic little manipulative ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. A fun dark game out the gate that builds on evil at a consistent rate. Watch for subtle clues and think outside the box when stuck in tasks. This game unlocks that mean little kid that we all have inside and amplifies him x100. Worth a play when it goes on sale.
76561198094079933,Recommended,218640,21421109,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Regularna Matrica,"definitely buy game on sale, short game with pretty good stroy."
76561198136315249,Recommended,218640,17783306,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Big smoke is my dad,*spooky scary skeletons play in the background*
76561198030271729,Recommended,218640,17847475,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,MrsXIV,"I would recommend this game. I like the concept of the game and the story. I think this isn't the kind of game you play for the incredible graphics and the game also has some bugs. But overall it was good fun, I liked the tricycle!"
,Recommended,218640,11368691,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Jays Logic,"Very original game, worth the price and very fun in a sick kind of way!Could improve with better instructions and tutorial and faster loading!Overall very cool game! :)"
,Recommended,218640,11407090,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,DrunkEngland,"Lucius is a unique game. It is a brilliant puzzle game, figuring out how to use your powers and things around you to kill various people, even having a story that even though not fully compelling is made bareable by the great gameplay. The mansion is a joy to explore and its had top standard gore. If you like challenging puzzle games with a dash of blood, this is the one for you."
76561197965075974,Recommended,218640,11341498,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,SHREKT3020,Bought this game on the Steam Summer sale and made a good choice. This game was fun. The story was pretty good too. Overall 9/10.
,Recommended,218640,19938868,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Moonbear,"Well I thought it would be a mix of Hitman and King's Shining. But it's not. It's more like point-and-click adventure divided into 18 peices and you have to kill somebody in each piece. Playing as a little boy. You don't have any choices, you just need to figure out the right way and do it. The game has 2 most stupid achievements in the industry: ""play for 20 hours"" and ""play for 40 hours"". I mean you can finish the whole game in 10 hours playing very slowly."
,Not Recommended,218640,18670710,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,JJC31,"Really wish that this was open world and had options on how to kill victims rather than trying to figure out cryptographic journal entries on what to do. If you like puzzles, this would be a good game. Personally not a fan."
76561198117521383,Recommended,218640,18932462,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,DarthCupcake,"It's pretty linear, and it's full of bugs. But regardless, I found it to be such a unique game that it didn't matter. It's just one of those diamond in the rough games. If murdering an unsuspecting household one by one as a 6 year old boy riding a tricycle sounds like your kind of day, then definitely check this game out."
76561198169818719,Recommended,218640,14394075,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ZetroN ! CSGO-SKINS.COM,NAJLEPSZA GRA HORROR AKA ''ZGADYWANKI'' W JAKĄ GRAŁEM Z NIECIERPLIWOŚCIĄ CZEKAM NA DRUGĄ CZĘŚĆ !
,Recommended,218640,18665127,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Hide,"You can have a tricicle and kill everyone, TEN OUT OF TEN"
,Not Recommended,218640,14651063,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,J E F F U - C H A N,"Frame drops and crashes almost all the time, I do not recommend unless you'd like a game full of lags and unpatched bugs."
,Recommended,218640,17778825,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Carnehan-Dravot,"I just completed 'Lucius', and thought that there'd be no better time to write a review for it. In this game, you play the title character, a young boy called Lucius who happens to be the son of the devil. This is quite a departure from most other horror titles, and the effect it creates means that 'Lucius' isn't really a horror game at all, as you're implicit in the planning of all the atrocities committed throughout the story. The fact that it probably won't scare you doesn't mean that you will find it unenjoyable, though.'Lucius' takes the form of a puzzle game, and a few action sequences are spread throughout the title; bear in mind, though, that the action isn't sufficiently frequent to appeal to someone who dislike puzzles and strategy. If you choose not to rely on walkthroughs (which, I admit, I did on a handful of occasions), you'll be spending a considerable amount of time riffling through drawers, shelves, rooms and cellars, looking for the various objects necessary for the completion of your mission. Your mission, invariably, is to eliminate the multitude of inhabitants and employees of Dante Manor. As you have the physical capabilities of a normal eight-year-old boy, you won't be relying on machetes, sledgehammers or firearms for your kills; instead, you have to use your environment. This complements the puzzle-based nature of the game, as, on occasion, the main challenge of your mission seems to be knowing just which weapon you should use.If you've seen 'The Omen', you've undoubtedly already drawn a handful of parallels between this game and the film. Whilst the acting talents of performers like Gregory Peck and Mia Farrow are sadly unreplicated in this uncannily similar game, you'll surely find enough interaction - whether object- or person-based - to immerse yourself in the world of Lucius and Dante Manor."
76561198113905191,Recommended,218640,17731586,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Cybertronus,"At first i was not impressed with this, then slowly it began to grow on me. I bought this game in promise of a sandbox type serial killer game but this is not the case. Instead the game tasks you to kill specific Help around the house and it is your job to move things around and set up the perfect kill. As far as the sandbox experience goes, you can move seemingly random objects around the house and place them anywhere.The game places you in the shoes of a seemingly innocent six-year old boy as he is celebrating his sixth birthday. Just so happens that this boy is not your average kid, he happens to be a literal spawn of Satan. Or Lucifer obviously implied by the developers naming the kid ""Lucius"". Lucifer wants souls and it is your job to give it to him. One day every month you are tasked to kill employees and family members who reside within the house. Every kill challenges you with intricate puzzles, easy or not depending on your skill level (I finished the game in seven hours). The story is not ground breaking, just your typical murder mystery manor. But it is pretty amusing to watch the mental health of your family members deteriate as they try to figure out who is commiting the murders. Towards the end, you are given the choice of what type of ending you want. Action or puzzle, given for players who like puzzles or action, or both.Overall this game is really good and i would definitely recommend this game for my friends."
,Recommended,218640,4886095,"Posted: 7 November, 2012",all,pastard,"Excellent game! I loved the plot a lot! Buy it, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,218640,10766371,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Frank12,kill kill kill kill with a little boy. HOW AWESOME IS THAT ?!
,Recommended,218640,11292746,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Gengar Del Rey,pros -satan is pretty handsome.Spooky demonic powersHarvasting souls for daddy.Smashing peoples faces in with pianos.Cons:Buggy as hell.
,Not Recommended,218640,14346974,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Kagomeluv422,"a bunch of wax dummies get murdered by damiatian from the omen, listen to black metal and meditate while playing this and your chakra will allow you to communicate with satan  as you contemplate the abyss of the inferno society clings to. I stopped playing when your mom tells you to clean your room, hit too close to home."
,Recommended,218640,16402053,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,✨ Momoka ✨,being the son of satan is awesome
,Recommended,218640,16381606,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jamal,Family killing simulator.666/666
,Recommended,218640,17777564,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Trax cs.money,"Fun game, you have to love killing people in a dark style or something. Worth my 94 cents xDLeuk spel, je moet wel van mensen doden in een rare stijl houden ofzo. Het is mijn €0.94 zeker waard xD"
,Recommended,218640,17780592,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,"Like, Zoinks Scoob!","This game makes you think you can get away with murder...NOTE: YOU (probably) CAN""T GET AWAY WITH MURDERPros: fun puzzles to solve, murder, b00bs (yes, it has b00bs), descent play time, gory, not terrible graphics, good storyCons: Not enough people to murder ;)"
,Recommended,218640,17812107,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ThunderCodes,[SPOILER ALERT]I don't know what's going on.I locked someone in a freezer and they froze to death.I spoke with the devil and removed the lock from the freezer.I now have telekinesis.I didn't really need it when I rigged an oven to watch a man's face burn off.Send help.
,Recommended,218640,11788316,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,MizGavin,An Amazing game with a brillant written storyline. Brought it yesterday i was unable to put it down. Managed to complete it within 5 hours
,Recommended,218640,11494658,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,B U B S,very good but kinda hard to understand what to do next after you have set your target but yeah that's what we have google for.
16662412666874666,Recommended,218640,19254251,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ca$htrick//^,"Fun. Demonic. Satanic. Lot's of killings (Nothing else lol) Ever wanted to be a 6 year old walking around a big mansion killing people with magic powers given by your father, The Devil? Well i have not, but the game is fun sooo, try it out."
,Recommended,218640,19975870,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,D:\198X,9/11 would make me wanna kill my family again
,Recommended,218640,19772105,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,KobY,"I completed the game in 3 hours, it was a good and a fun time killing people , of course i had to use tutorials as without them i would be still on first mission haha, maybe next time without them :D"
,Recommended,218640,19764238,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Thoradin_V,It's a brilliant game but the police are awful. I froze someone in the freezer room and the police's final diagnosis is... cardiac arrest.
76561198104909848,Recommended,218640,27603320,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Farber_MD,"This Indie-game is the perfect combination of ""The Omen"" horror-film and gameplay from ""Hitman"" franchise."
76561198205822708,Recommended,218640,22654975,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,iFox,I really enjoyed this amazing game. 8/10.+ interesting storyline+ not too easy+ puzzle game+ few side quests+ the house is big and enjoyable+ the powers are simple to learn+ deaths were entertaining and creative+ peli on suomalaisten tekemä ja sisältää hiukan suomalaista insideläppää joten se on mainitsemisen arvoinen plussa :)- felt like the game wasn't long enough- the graphics are not most appealing but it makes the game look more scary- characters (doesn't include lucius or lucifer) were kinda impersonal- voice acting wasn't that good- if you fail a quest you need to start the whole chapter all over againI maybe wouldn't buy this at full price but when it is on sale it is a must have.
76561198055970386,Recommended,218640,26123445,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mallozzi,Great game. very fun
76561198141355660,Recommended,218640,26443211,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,HAYB3AR,I quite enjoy this game because I love horror games. This kid is a badass.It's a skillful game and it makes you think. Def would recommend especially getting 1 and 2 for $5.7/10
76561198078463024,Recommended,218640,10065979,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,CupcakeCult,"Lucius is a devilish game that follows a little boy hellbent on murdering everyone in his house to please his father; Lucifer.The game is broken into chapters, and in each chapter you must kill an assigned target. There is no time limit to this, which gives you plenty of time to explore the game and interact with your fantastic surroundings, and talk to the characters which have unique dialogue that change as the story progresses.The game has some very difficult parts that take quite a bit of thinking, and a couple of easier parts. Sadly, each death is scripted and you have no choice in the way they die, which means if you replay the game, you don't get a different experience.Having said this, it is a wonderful little game, with some very interesting cutscenes. The premise is a little cliche, but the execution is fantastic, as it keeps you interested until the very end."
,Not Recommended,218640,25205066,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Faithless,"It's obvious from the get go they took a lot of inspiration from the omen films for this game. Playing as a spawn of satan inside a very big mansion slowly killing its employees. All would be fine and dandy if this game offered you some choices and had some navigation system other than a map that only works when you're on one level on the mansion. It's a very big and unknown area and when you get your task you have to wander for who knows how long till you find the objective.Game is straightforward and linear, everything you do is predetermined. You can only achieve a kill in a specific way, and it's always the same which is very dull considering you wield different powers as you progress through the game. Basically, the bottom line is there is no replayability, there is if you like doing the same things over and over again without anything fresh. The ending can be seen from a mile away if you're familiar with the genre.NPC's are very badly programmed, their mouths won't move when they talk breaking the immersion and they will occasionally walk into a wall. This is especially horrid when you're on a mission and you have to interact with them, this will stop you from doing that.Also, there's some big bull*hit regarding 2 achievements in this game. One requires you to play for 20 hrs, other to play for 40. That wouldn't be a problem if the game wasn't, like I said before, linear. And if you have a private profile beware, because those hours, no matter how much you've spent in game won't be counted as long as your profile is private, you have to make it public to earn those achievements. This is the level of sh*t I honestly thought I'd never experience.All in all, it's a really bad game and if I could go back in time I'd probably give money to the homeless instead of supporting these devs."
,Recommended,218640,29437922,Posted: 22 January,all,Motörhead ♠,"Are you there God? It's me, Lucius.Hail Satan and love this game. Or not. Whatever."
,Recommended,218640,30341069,Posted: 5 March,all,Amadeus,"Cool evil game! There are gameplay problems... after first half of the game it becames boring. Even early then the first half. And so: this game watches like big company game, not an indie. There are so many cutscences and story dialogues. Guys developed this game have done big work! SO it is really cool game!"
,Recommended,218640,14411938,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,victorzvyagin,Im almost  12 Now.   Killed  over  a couple  of Guys.   Still   no idea how to tidy my room.
,Recommended,218640,9449295,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Superboobs,It's unique. Of course it needs more updates as the mouse lags. It's puzzles and items some times confused me and I had to look what to do. It is a very gothic and emoish maybe to much for me. I'd give this a 6.5/10
,Recommended,218640,9387622,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,PaladinBlair,"Ever wonder what it would be like to play the villain? Or need a good game to vent some real life frustrations on? This is definitely the game for you. This is a beautifully designed and rather well written dark parody of classic horror movies and video games. The story itself could take you anywhere between six to twelve hours of gameplay to beat depending on how well you fair in puzzle games. It does focus a lot more on puzzles and stealth, but has it's action moments. This game is definitely worth a pick up and play when you are bored. Personal Score: 7.5/10."
,Recommended,218640,9786124,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,phoenix_nightfire,"This game is good, if you like games where you can walk around and just cause havok. I like to play this game from time to time, when I am bored of my bigger games. This game is great, the story is a little corny, but i enjoy this game. I like the different ways you set up each person for the ""fall"" they encounter and the different maze like ways in the mansion, you can get to different places. Also the story following the seasons and years also. The only thing I hate is some of the difficulties in the game are a little hard to get past, and the build up to the end of the story and having a crappy climax. Other than that an ok game to play on A rainy day. Thanks Pew Die Pie , for bringing this game to my attention. =0)"
76561198050094299,Recommended,218640,8615745,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Sicle_Mince,"I absolutely loved this game! The story was interesting and had me hooked the whole way. It was gruesome, fun, and paid homage to some of the greatest possession movies and stories out there in a fantastic way. Once I started it up I could not stop playing until the very end, nothing beats a night of plotting diabolical acts for a six year old demon to perpetrate!"
,Recommended,218640,9777348,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,AKA D4N,Death to all.....
,Recommended,218640,9976775,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Viperedge,"This game can be difficult, but its well worth for how crazy it gets."
76561198078544346,Recommended,218640,9980407,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,DarkSoul,"Get to kill people with your power ''Telekinesis'' in the game and also uses strategy to kill them.Gameplay is very fun, Voice acting was a bit late while the character moves it's mouth.Graphics are pretty good for a 2012 game, I RECCOMEND IT!"
,Recommended,218640,9984952,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Menelkir,"It's like the prophecy and you're playing with Damien. Seriously, it's pretty funny, specially how the things change because of this. If you don't get this type of stuff too serious, play the game and have fun."
,Recommended,218640,7713814,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Sean Dun Dun,"Very fun in a sadistic, creepy, serial killer type way. Controls are a little hard to get used to but once you adjust it is quite fun"
,Recommended,218640,1630585,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,Xan151,"Creepy but slow, that's a good way to describe this game. It's fun to explore the mansion, see the different characters and find a way to kill them in many different ways. The biggest problem are the parts where you have to walk around and find out how to do things and progress. Sometimes you wander around the house for an hour and cannot find out how to trigger the next event, which is frustrating. The story is the heart of it and well done, too bad it's short. Graphics are dull and old, but fit the mood, the music is awesome and goes under your skin. The gruesome ways to kill people really show you how evil you are and it's rather morbid to imagine how to kill em all. Overall a good game, but could've needed more dynamic, maybe free-range ways of killing everyone, instead of this very linear path, as well as some more side-events to do or things to find."
,Recommended,218640,7581257,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,"Jon, Holy Technomancer, PC",i really enjoyed it. the first stealth adventure i have completed legitimately
76561197969875942,Recommended,218640,18744726,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dvine,"The game is kinda like Hitman, but you are a little boy with supernatural powers, the Antichrist in fact, like Damian in The Omen movies. Somewhat too linear, however that should less so in Lucius 2.This is approx my first hour, it starts off rather slow, so sit back and watch the cut-scenes, or just skip ahead to the active scenes with my time links.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIKQl4S1bcE"
76561198202833533,Recommended,218640,27779901,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AvgoF3taS,Best Lucius game 11/10
,Recommended,218640,33581725,Posted: 16 July,all,Elite,"Fun but so many game breaking bugs, but for the price of £1 its worth it"
,Not Recommended,218640,15186159,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Halcyon,"I suspect that the early plans for Lucius involved dropping the son of Lucifer into a small open world filled with people who need killing and offering multiple ways to perform said kills.  After the first couple of more scripted kills would offer a tutorial on how the game's mechanics functioned, Lucius would then be unleashed to study, stalk and ultimately execute each member of the household in whichever order the player wished.  Sadly, this isn't the game we get.  Instead, the game feels like it was massively scaled back and forced into a different, more linear mold about halfway through production.  Instead of building traps, staging ""accidents"" or setting people against each other, the player is instead forced to trigger scripted deaths using inventory items and a suite of flimsy magic powers that felt very tacked-on.  You kill your targets in the order that is scripted for you and the game will sometimes set everything up so that basically all you need to do is pull the trigger.  Yawn.  I give Lucius an A- for concept but unfortunately, the execution of concept is equally (or more so) important and that's where Lucius fails.  There's still some entertainment to be had during its 5-6 hour campaign and it floods you with achievements for almost no effort, but in the end it falls a little too short for a recommendation."
,Recommended,218640,17429725,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,PENIS Centipede,10/10RECOMMEND!
76561198186571554,Recommended,218640,17796473,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,allegro,"Interesting idea, pretty bad graphics, entertaining, but not creative gameplay. Strong 8/10, worth buying for that 1$ :)!"
,Recommended,218640,17790495,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,果凍君丶（tunggy）,"Very challenging, with a lot of exploration needed to solve the murder puzzles."
,Not Recommended,218640,30618671,Posted: 19 March,all,Desaix,"Lucius is a third person game where you take control of a young boy called Lucius. Satan himself visits his bedroom and commands him to become a serial killer. This game reminded me a lot of the movie the omen.+ graphics are nothing special, but get the work done+ every killing gets you a short cutscene+ big map+ the victims don't feel like random redshirts with no names+ great in-between cutscenes- very linear. there is always only one way to do things- game is very unclear what you have to do. I often used guides since I didn't bother- there isn't really an ending- clunky controls- the game is fairly short. I used guides often though- best thing about this game are the cutscenes. the gameplay is pretty annoying you put up with to see the short videos.This game has huge potential, but since there is always only one way to finish each chapter the game falls short. It's much easier to read guides than to waste your time by searching random little objects on the huge map. The cutscenes are worth experiencing the game. But since the gameplay is so irritating, you could honestly just watch a walkthrough on youtube.If you are still interested in the game, get it on a sale.Replay value: very low (too linear, gameplay is not fun, great cutscenes)Rating: 6/10 (not bad per se, but you won't miss anything if you don't play it)Recommendation: No"
,Recommended,218640,26197546,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,【=◈︿◈=】,"As I bought this in the sale, I think it's worth my money. Absolutely in love with the appearance, mostly the garden."
,Recommended,218640,26178353,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,cohen,"Satan's blood marches through my veins, like giant RADIOACTIVE RUBBER PANTS! The pants command me. Do not ignore my veins!AND STOP TELLING ME TO PICK UP UNDERWEARS!! GIVE ME MY♥♥♥♥♥♥TRIcycle that i had to ride in circles for an hour to get ONE achievement.How i hate this game *hugs*~"
76561198159261038,Recommended,218640,13625056,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,bluebelli,good game
,Recommended,218640,21050352,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Sober Mans Secret,Only just started this game however i can't recommend it highly enough. It's like hitman except youre the child of the devil and have to go around knocking off family and friends.... What could be more fun than that. It's only £1 on steam at the moment too..... Grab it quick!
76561198150274551,Not Recommended,218640,14350242,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,...and a voice was screaming...,"At least I got it for 90% off. $2 for an experiment like this.I absolutely hated it.It was worth it just to know that something could be this bad. I have never played a game this bad before. I actually believe I have discovered something. I really learned something. But that's me. I recommend you buy this game.It's absolutely horrible, boring. It's not fun at all.I'll admit it looks like it could've been interesting and fun to play but it really didn't... uh.. do it.Ugh, running around trying to figure out what to do around characters that keep repeating THE SAME DAMN LINE over and over again at you....It mystifies me how can someone make something that so utterly completely garbage. You must buy this just to see. Seriously, you can't possibly pass this up.I definitely recommend this. It's on sale for $2 and it's worth it just to see something so horrible that sells for $20.I know that doesn't make any sense yet, but it will once you've played through it; once you've suffered through this torment, you'll really learn something."
,Recommended,218640,35424856,Posted: 2 October,all,DAYZ_Sasqwatch,.
,Recommended,218640,19558778,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Stroberry #ParadiseAve,"Admittedly, most people won't enjoy this game. Games have changed and advanced, many scores are based on replayabilty, the scope of the enviroments, and freedom of variation in how to go about things. That's all superb standards to go by today, in open world/sandbox games. However, there is something to be said about restriction in games. With freedom of choice can also come a certain stress, and a sense of incompletion. There's the time and place for both, naturally, but some times there is something soothing and satisfying about playing a game the only way it's meant to be played.""Lucius"" is about exploring your surroundings and figuring out how the puzzles are solved. Sometimes the solution is far fetched, sometimes ridiculous. But all in all, there's some sort of logic there.I enjoyed this game far more than I probably should have. I liked it's simplicity, the house and garden, the idea of it all. Granted, there was much more potential behind the concept that was left unrealised, but for what it was, I enjoyed it.Shiver Games tried to respond to peoples objections and critique to this first game somewhat in the sequel, which I can't speak of as I haven't played it, but, it did seem like that game have fallen apart in them trying to do so. It was probably more somewhat what they wanted the first ""Lucius"" to be; being able to have access to a variety of tools to make death traps, lethal situations and weapons to off any number of roaming NPCs at any given point. From what I've read and seen though those ambitions resulted in a broken game with great potential. The more complex, the more wrong things can go.""Lucius"" has its fair share of bugs and limitations. But it also has a great idea behind it, and for me personally, finally getting the kill I was going for was surprisingly satisfying, as was achieveing ""good boy"" status by doing mundane chores around the house.My guess is, if you get some self therapy by say, doing the dishes or painting the fence, you might enjoy this game. Get it on sale though."
76561198139457913,Recommended,218640,10467040,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Spike 2025-2033,"Very fun game. sometimes challenging, sometimes gruesome, always entertaining, NEVER dull and maintains a good balance between logic and imagination.The creators have done a great job of creating different scenarios for you to follow and figure out. Inside or out, the ambiance and graphics are very nice including the use of HDR. Dynamic weather keeps things looking pretty all year round and there are lots of nice finishing touches to keep your eyes busy. The textures are amazing.The sound is nice and uniform throughout and along with the soundtrack adds good depth and atmosphere.Both graphics and sound come together to create a memorable environment where even just standing around is pleasant.The plot is also good; although sometimes predictable there are always a few unexpected twists that are good for a laugh or two. One of the best things about the game-play is that you can explore at your own pace without being rushed (unless there is a specific reason).All this creates a fun, immersive and laid back approach to 3rd person adventure gaming.There are walkthroughs online to help you out if you get really stuck, but if you use them you will get no since of satisfaction and inevitably feel like you've cheated yourself rather than won the game.Game bugs are so few and minimal they are hardly worth mentioning. i.e. while carrying socks or underwear they might get stuck on a door (but they will release if you keep walking). The trike might (very rarely) rise a foot or two in the air if you run over an object (but will fall down again as you carry on). Once, the security guy walked right through me.These are very minor, infrequent things that detract nothing from the game or gameplay! Especially if you have the imagination to immerse yourself into task at hand.If you don't like something about the way this game is made (bugs or realism) i suggest you learn programming and try making your own game first Before going on a ""i'm a bug snob"" crusade.If you are religiously sensitive then this is not the right game for you. If you are religiously sensitive i can't imagine why you would even want to play.Understanding that this is a game and not real life will go a long way to allow you to appreciate the experience  that the creators are sharing. Just enjoy the ride and you'll have fun!Review score666 out of 10Do your chores!"
,Recommended,218640,27637229,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Simple man ಠ_ಠ,I got best walkthrough
,Recommended,218640,11327212,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,RaeSacry,4.5 Stars out of 5. A really fun game to play. Only problem was sometimes understanding what your supposed to do next but you can easily find out through youtube vids. Also really easy to get 100% achievements.
76561198016839744,Recommended,218640,11002822,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,^1Joey ^2Wheeler,Funny Game
76561198325245484,Recommended,218640,30593227,Posted: 18 March,all,Toxic,Really good game and fun
76561198055892868,Recommended,218640,13676489,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The Fabulous Unicorn,You can command a lady to jump of a balcony10/10
,Recommended,218640,10461906,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Bluedisc,Lucius is a fun game. I've only played it for four Hour's and i'm almost done already. I bought this in feb But stayed off it because i couldn't run it very well. Now it's better! You should get this game!
,Recommended,218640,9225613,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,CharlesYO8,"Very fun horror game. There are no jump scares or neither will this game make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants.But it is indeed horrofic, full gore, blood, and brain tissue. This is the story of a seven year old boy who bruttally murders anyone in his path, using most of the time stealth and satanic powers by making his victims look like a suicide/accident death. Example (Lucius will be): Locking someone in a freezer, forcing someone to put their head in a lawnmower, dropping icicles on people, or taking control of someone and making them jump off a roof. There are about 17 deaths and each are horrific. The map is beautiful and heavily detailed and the sidequest are fun and usefull. The story is captivating. I reccomend this only to people who can think outside the box and can solve puzzles without rage quitting. You can cheat if you get stuck using community guides, because the game is worth the story, but do not abuse it too much otherwise you are not immersed into the world of Lucius Wagner.The game is a little pricy if you do not find beautiful graphics with great detail a bonus. So this game is a must have in your wishlist to wait fo it to go on sale. I picked up the game for 5$ very much worth it....a little too worth it."
,Recommended,218640,9163684,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,epilis,"Don't look at your map since it seems it will always tell you what you need to do next. There is no option to turn this off. Note that I have only played the game for about an hour so I don't know if this goes away. I just stopped looking at the map altogether.With that said, if you're looking for a game where you play a character like Damien from the movie The Omen, this nails it."
76561198089357993,Recommended,218640,9224300,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,LusT,"Lucius is one of those games that are Fun, addicting, creepy, laggy, and EVIL at the same time. I lag alot in the cutscenes but other tthan that this game is pretty good. Bravo."
,Recommended,218640,9164987,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Vicious,"Play as six year old Lucius the Antichrist and murder people horrific ways. Seriousely though this game is completely evil. Riding around your house on a tricycle on your way to kill somebody is freaky.Lucius is a pretty decent game if you like creepy games. The controls feel incredibly smooth and the graphics look nice. My only complaint was that the ending felt unfinished, like they just ran out of money (being an indie game this is probable) and/or forgot to add the last five minutes."
,Recommended,218640,8864949,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Turtle,"You are Lucius Wagner, a 6 going on 7 year old demonic boy. Your goal is to kill your family and everyone inside your mansion. Your father is running for senate, but with all the death going on inside his home, he fears he will lose. Nobody suspects that a 6-7 year old boy has the capability of commiting over 15 murders.The game took me about 8.5 hours to beat and get 56 of the 58 achievements, the two I didnt get being the ""Play 20 Hours"" and the ""Play 40 Hours"" achievements. It was fun while it lasted, but paying $20 for a game that took 8 hours to beat seems a little overpriced. It has a good story, and its extremely fun and intriguing, but I wish it lasted a bit longer. It would be worth every penny if it was only $10."
76561198096103329,Recommended,218640,9323601,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,WiganGamer,dfgdfgdf
76561198089441524,Recommended,218640,9678022,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,TheRuntofTheLitter,"Honestly there isn't anything negative I can say about this game. It does have amazing visuals and a great story line although I must point out this game isn't for the faint of heart or people of the Christian religion. It has a lot to do with the Devil and Dark Magic. I as a gamer don't take offense to simple video games however I am aware that many people or their family members may not entirely agree with this this game and I respect that, therefore should you be Christian or have family members who are either Christian or believe heavyly into the Bible, this isn't a game for you."
76561198085881307,Recommended,218640,9688229,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,mochiisyum,Devilishly good and entertaining gameplay.
,Recommended,218640,195778,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,KingSchiebi,"Lucius is a bold attempt to put you in the shoes of an evil 6 year old with supernatural powers and a good standing with the devil in order to murder and cause mayhem amongst all other people in your home without being detected.While the developers characterize the game as an open world experience, it only takes place in the very confined place of the house and does not allow for creative approaches when it comes to murdering the inhabitants. Unfortunately, this is also my major issue with the game that has to be lauded for trying something different, but fails upon the execution - quite literally. In addition to that, controls are a detrimental to the experience and become your real enemy in the few, but frustrating fighting sequences.One can argue that a certain amount of dark humor is present, but again the execution feels forced and especially the sexual scenes add nothing except for their own sake being there. In short: Interesting concept - no buy"
76561198038371482,Recommended,218640,4514494,"Posted: 9 November, 2012",all,Rat 13,"I mean, you controll a BUCKING DEVIL! I will spell it letter by letter; D E V I L, Demon Evil Villian Incarnation Lyar. Did you watched Omen? This is Omen the Video game (well this was kinda obvious). Anyway, this is hilarious game, kill those petty mortals, show them da pawa of HELL!"
76561198038558664,Recommended,218640,34409914,Posted: 21 August,all,Emordious,play as the devils child with many dark mind powers and kill everyone
76561198064484697,Not Recommended,218640,31345957,Posted: 24 April,all,Jimipaige,"While it was sort of neat to play as the kid from The Omen I didn't find this game to be well made. My buddy's psychology class touched on this game. Occasionally you say things like ""I'm the devil's son, I'll kill you!"" and so on but reay Lucius is mildly interesting at best. Not amazing ot new in most ways aside from the controversial setting. If its on sale for roughly $2 go ahead, otherwise don't bother."
,Recommended,218640,19794657,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,suseonhwa,"An OK game. The gameplay is steady and fun. The achievements are quite easy to achieve (minus the 20 and 40 hour ones).Unfortunately, replayability is not this game's strong suit. Once you have played it once (you can get all achievments on a single playthrough) there isn't any benefit to playing it again, since you know how to kill each and every one of them. The mansion's floorplan could have been better. It is very awkward to move around in and it is difficult to learn. Even after completing the entire game, I still don't have a good idea of what's where in the mansion.7/10"
,Recommended,218640,17782131,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,I'm Silver,I used to be an Atheist....then I played this game.
76561198123504744,Recommended,218640,8970859,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,JohanKemperman,You're 6 years old and need to kill an entire mansion. What's there not to love?
76561198177733867,Recommended,218640,16245797,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,PHILIPPE COUTINHO,Good boy kills everyone.
76561198044392519,Not Recommended,218640,21414916,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Dug,"The idea is great and the it's sometimes satisfying due to the concept.Overall though it's not something I can recommend. First off, the gameplay is just boring, outside a few stealth and combat sections this game has nothing exciting to offer as far as gameplay goes. The puzzles are sometimes nice, but mostly uninspired. The story is what kept me finishing the game, in the end I felt that it had more potential, but was still fine.What really annoyed me though is the lack of life from most of the characters, if you can even call them characters. They have no personality, not even a glimpse of it, which would be fine if we didn't spend like I don't know, 75% of the game killing people like that. I mean as a hellspawn wouldn't it be much more satisfying to kill people who are good and have things to lose? It's more devilish, you know. Sure, everybody has something to lose, but why should we care about these people? Some of them are considered annoying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s by Lucius himself (let alone me). And the others are just there, because somehow you must fill the mansion with people. The main characters are OK, and it's interesting to see them reacting to the events.So yeah, outside a few things this game doesn't really offer much. It's a great concept and a little bit of fresh air with the change of roles, but it doesn't execute well enough to be considered anything but a good idea.tl;dr it's eh. 4/10"
76561198037180573,Not Recommended,218640,21223648,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ScallywagThunder,Just watch The Omen and save yourself the time.
,Not Recommended,218640,35314858,Posted: 29 September,all,Underpaid-Paragon,"I wish Steam had a 'meh' option, because it's not that this game is BAD per se, it's just...tedious?  The layout of the mansion is nightmarishly, twistingly huge, and a little demonic kid can only move so fast.  Plus the progression is really awkward; I get not wanting to hold the player's hand through the entire game, but a nudge here and there would be nice.  If I hadn't looked up walkthroughs, I'd still be wandering around Chapter 3, because my intended victim wouldn't spawn anywhere I could see them to get my hint that they are in fact the one I need to murder (whether this was a bug or just the outcome of a really terrible house layout, I dunno).  However, the deaths were pretty creative (and gruesome, very VERY gruesome), and I bought it for less than $2.tl;dr?  Moderately pretty game is awkward, wait for super sale.Player Tip: When Lucifer shows up to tutor  you on your evil, remind him his child support is hella-due."
,Recommended,218640,13598459,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Isador,"What can I say. The game is pretty neat, the story runs well and you will not be bored.The graphics are average and the controls are not hard.The only negative might be that sometimes it is not clear what to do.I'd give it about 80%."
,Recommended,218640,11473103,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Khrizy,AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!I KILLED EVERYONE INCLUDING MY FAMILY!!!HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
76561198125856130,Not Recommended,218640,13147563,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,BurningOranges,"Whenever I play this game, right after the intro, It crashes my PC and my PC restarts automatically thank god. Otherwise I would have lost stuff, I will give a better review when this is fixed and I play the actual game."
76561198145854047,Not Recommended,218640,12767881,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Batman,The idea for this game is great but the way it plays is really annoying. It lags cconstantly and the mouse control is horrible. The walking is way to slow and the running to fast for the lagging to keep up with and you end up running in to walls constantly. When you are given chores to do in the game it goes on for ages due to the bad controls and really just puts you off wanting to play onwards. Again its a great idea and if the problems are fixed i would happliy continue playing this game but for the moment im not planning to progress any further.
76561198296882689,Recommended,218640,24949611,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Zozzles,10/10 would sacrifice souls for satan again :^)
,Recommended,218640,26086494,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ＷＨＩＴＥＷＯＬＦ🐺,Play as young demon Bruce Wayne but this time you get to kill the parents!
,Recommended,218640,17571341,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,𝖓𝖊𝖎𝖌𝖍𝖇𝖔𝖚𝖗,fear of god.
,Recommended,218640,8916252,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Ludlum,"This game was so ""evil.""  It was great!!"
76561198048071408,Recommended,218640,8313453,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Oatmeal Lovin' Opal,Excellent puzzle game. I believe it deserves more than what it's metascore is. But overall - Great Fun!
,Recommended,218640,8671223,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,GKASIOS,Omen like adventure game with a hint of action. Not too durable in time. Graphics are old generation and you will stuck in some bugs. Gameplay is linear. For adventurers is something different but it will be very easy to finish it. Nice for spending 3-4 hours.
76561197971245115,Not Recommended,218640,35157392,Posted: 23 September,all,skomand,"I'm a big fan of the ""murder simulator"" genre (to borrow a phrase from 90s congress,) from Hitman, to the Deception series, and so on. So I *wanted* to love this game, but I just couldn't. The controls are terrible, the interface is terrible, gameplay systems are either poorly designed or nearly broken. The dialog and VO are immersion-breakingly bad. The only good things are: the house and character models are decent (especially Lucius), the soundtrack is great, and  many of the murders are creative and well choreographed and give you a quick malicious thrill. But actually playing the game is a chore."
,Not Recommended,218640,31421236,Posted: 28 April,all,seraph_gothic,"Can't skip the opening scene, the controls and lighting are poor, and the npcs are extremely repetitive in their actions and wandering."
,Recommended,218640,22947180,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Justin J (PuNk),"this game.... wtf.you play as a little boy that is the son of satan, el diablo, lucifer, wtfe you wanna call him.in this game you are in a huge mansion with many rooms to explore, you fine clever ways to kill the people living here, the maids, mechanic, buttlers, friends that visit, etc.the way you kill each individual person is set, so if you kill them with a piano, that is the only way to kill them....so you cant switch it up.you do need to sneak around and dont want to get caught while killing someone.you need to collect items to finish you're murders.....like a screrw driver to unscrew/loosen things, or a lock to lock someone in a freezer, etc.you also obtain special abilities/powers to help kill f****ersyou can also do good things, like chores around the house.it is an interesting game, a different concept from abnything ive seen before and it is worth a try. though i doubt after beating it i'll play again, doesn't seem to be much replay value.PROS:runs greatno bugs or glitches ive seenkill people for no reasonspecial abilities make you feel like anti-christdecent graphicsnudity >:) (cant have a satanic game without, just dont make sinse. jk)there are lots and lots of people in this mansionCONS:the placement of all the residents and where they walk to and come back to seems to be set and doesnt changethe replay value of this seems to be 0, once you beat it, there is nothing new gonna hapen next time throughthis game will upset jesus groupi... i mean good citizens that go to church    >:)dont take offence to my review if you are a church goer, i'm only kidding.... or am i  ;)HELL yes i recommend!  7/10"
,Recommended,218640,31863626,Posted: 20 May,all,Mana,"""Forgive me father for I have sinned.""666/666 will worship Satan again"
76561198038963412,Not Recommended,218640,9190860,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,C0untzer0,"4.9/10 the devil is in the detail.Hmmm. This game really shows the good and bad of indie game production.On the one hand it's a unique and interesting game concept, the sort of thing which the big guys would shy away from. On the other hand, it's not very well executed, and there are a number of bugs and glitches.On the one hand, the story is pretty well put together, and not just dashing off another sequel, on the other hand, the game does become a little linear, with very few actual choices (you have to play for the kill in the cutscene, even when your twisted mind can see something better.)Itisfun and engaging, and easy to get the hang of, but when you open a drawer and it passes through a chair, people talk to you through walls, or you pass somebody on the stairs and end up riding on their head and looking through the ceiling, it breaks your immersion. Give it a go by all means, but don't expect too much."
,Not Recommended,218640,9169357,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Shotty NoX,"Cool concept, quite poorly deployed. Incredibly linear, with very little actual choice. The map is horrendous, missed opportunity. -5/10"
76561198078152716,Recommended,218640,8049979,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Death_Sox,"its a good game that makes you the son of the devil and have to kill everyone in the house stratgicly. you stealth, tfs (third person shooter), and so much more. try the game cause it dosent get enough love."
,Recommended,218640,32986922,Posted: 29 June,all,0nion_man_LV,Hitman : KidTheKiller
,Recommended,218640,12420123,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Adeeve,"If you're religious don't buy this game. But I'm not, so all hail Satan ;)"
,Recommended,218640,14448645,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,CyanEyed,"10/10 -  Took pictures of Uncle Tom screwing the maid. Looked at mommy in the tub through Uncle Tom's porn room. Killed a bunch of people. Very frustrating. Now I know Satan only has his ""horns"" when you shine a flashlight on him. Stole a gun, and bullets, and killed everyone by going to the vault, and entering ""6/6/19/66"" (Lucius's birthday)."
,Recommended,218640,11336797,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Pippin,You get to mess♥♥♥♥♥♥up!!
76561198099118637,Recommended,218640,13011187,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,drhusain2012,"amazing ,,, if you didnt play this game yet stop wasting time ... get it and play it"
,Recommended,218640,14348338,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Sinexander,I got to play the Devil's advocate. 9/10.Just quickly going to mass to ask for forgiveness.
76561197964162788,Recommended,218640,12874899,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ultramegin,Setting people on fire.. yes please!!
,Not Recommended,218640,21107313,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,McCree gamdom.com,difficult tutorial with satan...
76561198121398435,Recommended,218640,14323763,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Easy-K CS.MONEY,Love this game <3
76561198080152550,Recommended,218640,12792511,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ＮＥＴＳＣＡＰＥ,I really enjoyed this game. A lot of people say the voice acting isn't good. The great music makes up for it IMO. I however think the cutscenes are very weak and annoying at times (specifically the last chapter STAHP). That is really my only complaint.This game is Satanic af. 2 dollars for 8 hours of entertainment!
,Recommended,218640,15267069,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Profanelex,"recommend this game. Its challenging but the guides help. If you choose to use a guide i recommend ""Lucius :3"" if you comment wuth questions he'll reply with an answer"
,Recommended,218640,30329346,Posted: 4 March,all,TheLegendaryNewb,"worth the purchase great game, great graphics, and great story :)"
,Not Recommended,218640,22657850,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,❀4Recovery,"hmm...this game is suck, some objective not give you some hint, hint what must you do. it only give you some desc i spent my time to beat puzzle in here, but i give up i chose to see guide, this game make me frustrated, i bought this game because i think it's will be likes hitman but with lucifer theme. but...yeah i not recommend this game. Score: 2"
,Recommended,218640,13809324,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Venterivia,"Lucius, a ""Puzzle"" game with a gloomy and dark setting.Pros :+ New kind of puzzle, I call it a puzzle to kill a person without anyone knowCons :- You can't solve the puzzle in several ways- The puzzle clue is somewhat hard, and needs attention to solveWhy I repeat the puzzle word is because, while it's kind of new for the theme of this game, Lucius is no more that a puzzle game or point to click adventure like ""Deponia"" or other games.From the theme and review, I was expected I would have several ways to kill a person, but it seems the game didn't meet my expectation and you can kill the person with just one way, the way the game designer designed the next person will die in that way.I hope steam allow me to do a so-so review, because while the game is kind of a new breeze in the theme, it's kind of boring because you have to roam the house just to find the correct item or way to help you kill the person. Why don't the game let you decide what do you want to do with that person way to die?I still recommended this game to you that haven't played the game. And it would be wise if you wait until the game on sale."
76561198041310739,Recommended,218640,31944158,Posted: 24 May,all,Protag {TAG},"a ""unique"" version of most open world/murder games because in this one, you play as a small child and are limited to roaming around one large mansion. while the game does get repetitive, there is extra fun to do like hunting for achievments and doing chores, the game is short but you can replay chapters over and over and do whatever you want..."
,Recommended,218640,7840130,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,✪ CrowStarrrr,"For who like to play adventure games with a mix of psycho killing horror then this a game for you! Regardless of the non high graphics you have a good story line. You need to preform a variety of kills, collect items and combine some, set death traps and much more."
,Recommended,218640,7900220,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,nightengale64,"It is kind of free world, as far as the house goes, so I had to resort to a walkthrough to figure out what I was supposed to be doing next.  Other than that great game."
,Recommended,218640,8613334,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Le comte de Monte-Fisto,"This game presents an alternative gameplay of what I'm personnaly used to, and I got to say I like it.. a lot. Okay, it's repetitive, the maniability is a bit strange, graphics are barely just okay, but I enjoy this game a lot ! :) It's really fun to play, almost hilarious, chapter after chapter !I recommend it, but only for a price that wouldn't be more than 15€."
,Recommended,218640,8643682,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,🎀𝓜𝓸𝓸𝓰𝓵𝓮🎀,Its fun because you are the son of the devil and you just kill everyone in the house and everyone is so oblivious to the fact it's you because you are just a sweet little boy. Some of the puzzles are annoying though.Do try it.
76561198006086031,Recommended,218640,7884039,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,‡ The Man With The Hat  ‡ [SWE],"I highly recommend this game for any horror fans out there. Gameplay-wise it's more of an adventure/stealth-game but the story is very similar to the movie ""The Omen"". You play as Lucius, son of the devil, and you do his evil deeds for him, mainly killing everyone in the mansion where you live, I had great fun with this one! And it sometimes is quite a challange to figure out what steps to take in order to complete the killings!"
76561198009790981,Recommended,218640,9169003,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,killedalot,this game is great and is so much fun bit sick and twisted but its got a lot of good things going for it
76561197973553821,Recommended,218640,9208371,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Tyler,"They need to make a Lucius II.It is nice playing as the bad guy once in a while, but making the bad guy the 6 year old boy takes sinister to a whole new level. This is more of a story than a game as some of the controls are clunky and the game is completely linear. Still the game has a unique ""evil"" feel about, a ""who-dun-it"" atmosphere that is backed by a great musical score.  **79%**"
76561198034223262,Recommended,218640,8760043,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Slasher,"If you're a fan of old school horror movies, like The Omen, then you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,218640,146439,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,Darknuke,"I'd give it a 7/10. It's about 7 hours of gameplay and plays like a horror Hitman. It's good fun, but def not worth $20. I'd say $10 is the right price."
,Recommended,218640,2733758,"Posted: 22 January, 2013",all,Gothic Man,Cool game about little Devil. 8/10
,Recommended,218640,7645486,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Lady Croft,- Good game- Acceptable GraphsToo bad it's too short
76561197976255832,Recommended,218640,711992,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,UberDAHnooB,"I'd say the movie ""The Omen"" was an inspiration for this game.  You are the son of the devil and yur goal is to be a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Killing staff members in your giant mansion while ""Daddy Lucifer"" occasionally visits to give you new gifts.  Like a ouija board that hints at what you are supposed to do to kill your target for the chapter you are in.  So far there have been some grizzly deaths and it has been entertaining to play and well designed.  The only complaints I have is the acting is terrible, there are times where you just don't know what to do, and the AI could be much better. People walking into closed doors, and repeating themselves multiple times because they are only programed to say one line per level.  But all in all, I would say it is worth the buy."
76561197971532050,Recommended,218640,523560,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Conditional Love,An amusing demonchild themed 3D adventure game in a single location of a beautiful mansion. This is one of those games where you could experience this game by watching someone else play it on youtube. i.e. There is only one straightforward solutuion/path for each chapter/kill. Choose if the first or second sentence is more important to you.
,Recommended,218640,661084,"Posted: 15 November, 2012",all,Raven In Red,"I thought this was a ""killer"" little game. Who doesn't want to be a monster of a 7 year-old with Lucifer as his Father giving him special powers and expecting sacrifices as gifts...by way of the most gruesome and graphic murders ever! I mean, Damien had NOTHING on Lucius; this kid is a stone cold murderer with some nifty psy-tricks. And yeah, some of it was easy, but a couple of things were really really hard - you can't get caught with anyone spotting you doing anything suspiciuous - one particular mission was in the dark but the whole house was awake with flashlights and walking around; I must've redone it fifteen times before figuring it out a different way. 55 is too low a meta score. The maps are freaking HARD to understand, and you have no idea what your next mission is, sometimes. Give it a whirl - great fun."
,Recommended,218640,7774807,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Fartu_Master,The game isn't the best but it's not a disgrace so I recommend it for everyone :)
,Recommended,218640,7773465,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,five3,"If 'Hitman 2' had taken place in the early 1970s with a charming 6 year old boy you would have LUCIUS. Gameplay is very reminiscent of the early 'Hitman' series in which you pull off murders (making them appear as accidents) in order to reap souls for Satan. There is so much more to this game and a lot more forward-thinking than anything in the 'Hitman' series. Planning is key along with some ""just the right time"" scenerios to allow you to fly under the radar for some time. Pull daily chores like cleaning your room, which you can do via telekinesis as you gain unholy powers as you progress; help out the mechanic or gardener or kill some charming employees, friends, and family members. This game is definately worth the $3 I got it for and it will be remembered and replayed for ages to come."
76561198091344264,Recommended,218640,8851454,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,avispan,"Dark and evil, with the kind of twisted sense of humour that makes you laugh... and then makes you question your morality. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,218640,9681380,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,☠ Asasin ☠,"Awesome and creative game with an eery soundtrack. There isn't much plot to the game (it's your generic Satanic horror movie story about a little kid being the anti-christ), but it's still sufficiently creepy to keep you intrigued to the very end.Unfortunately, it is a rather short experience (I logged about five hours for my initial playthrough). Levels are fairly structured, though sometimes it can be easy to miss a certain detail and figure out what your next step is. You get several powers to use in the game, but realistically speaking, you will only use them each a few times.I think there's room for a lot of potential here, some expansion that builds onto the story and lets you use your talents a little more creatively. But for what this game is right now, it's worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,218640,9227376,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Goldenkitten,"Whether you might find Lucius worth picking up can quickly be deduced by whether the basic concept sounds like it could carry a game for you. Playing as the son of the devil you utilize a number of psychic powers and everyday household objects in specific situations to orchestrate a series of unlikely and over-the-top “accidents” (murders). Does that sound fun and like something you could do for 6-8 hours? Then come on board. But if you’re expecting it to be more than that, or if you were hoping for a sandbox experience that lets you decide how to use those powers then you probably won’t get what you want out of it.It’s of great importance to note that Lucius is less Bully/Saints Row and more Monkey Island/Myst…just…with more murder. Yes that’s right despite appearances this is for all intents and purposes a real-time, fully 3D, point-and-click adventure. Things are rarely action oriented, instead forcing you to locate a number of items and utilize them in the correct location alongside a host of generic powers such as telekinesis and mind-control to arrange your targets untimely demise. Essentially being your average adventure game puzzles wrapped up in a macabre aesthetic.This wasn’t a negative to me, but if you were hoping to be let loose in a world where you could unleash your powers on a whim in any way you could dream of you’ll be disappointed. In fact, it’s quite the opposite with a few exceptions and if you use your powers outside of the areas they’re allowed you’ll likely receive a game over. Since part of the story is remaining undetected and making the murders look like accidents or shifting the blame on to someone else you’ll lose the game if someone catches you lighting things on fire with your mind or the like. There’s some leniency there and it’s not so strict as to be aggravating, but it does limit what you can do. Even in the areas you’re meant to use your abilities you have to figure out the exact way the developers intended for you to use them to solve the puzzle and cause the murder. Again this will be a negative for some, but on the opposite end it does allow some of the murders to be really excessive and over the top since you can cause things you could never have orchestrated on your own.It does however highlight one of the big problems I have with the game. Some of the powers feel pointless and you can really see this when some of them are only used once or twice in the entire game. For instance a power you get later in the game is pyrokinesis, the ability to create and control fire with your mind. At first this seems really neat but the game quickly comes up against its own wall. Since you’re supposed to be stealthy and subtle there really isn’t much use for this ability outside of two places where it’s shoehorned in. And of course using it anywhere else immediately gets you noticed and get a game over. Telekinesis and mind-control are used rather frequently, but otherwise the other powers feel throw-away and serve little purpose.The secondary game mechanic is the occasional stealth bit. Usually you get to “hide in plain sight” by virtue of being a child. But a couple missions call for sneaking around the house after dark. These are pretty simple as long as you keep your wits about you and watch the patrolling guards’ flashlights. This also shows off another useless ability in the form of “memory erase” which is supposed to be there to quickly make people forget they saw minor things such as you wandering around after dark or levitating objects. You can use it only a few times a mission but it’s more than enough to make the stealth situations criminally easy, and even then I had to use it a grand total of one time. Still these sections have some very nice lighting and are quite ambient.There are some sidequests in the form of “chores” such as taking out the trash, doing laundry, and helping people find valuables they misplaced. Yes, that really is as boring as it sounds but it serves an interesting point in that it makes you look like a normal child. As the game continues on and more-and-more people die everyone begins doubting each other, especially you. But if you keep up the act of appearing normal their reactions are less extreme. I don’t know if they figure you out if you don’t do the chores since I always did them, or if their dialogue just changes, but either way it was a nice touch. Bonus points for you getting “gifts” for doing enough of the chores, though only one in the form of a tricycle that lets you move around faster is of any real use.Aesthetically the game is very nice. From an actual graphical stand-point it’s an average looking game, being neither great nor terrible. But a Gothic Victorian setting with a very carefully crafted and detailed house to explore makes the graphics themselves a non-factor, as the architecture and degree of detail present is fun to look at regardless. A muted color scheme, hazy filter, and a perpetually dreary skyline punctuate and bring the macabre, grim setting to life. This is laid against the backdrop of some rather creepy old-timey Vaudeville inspired music that fits the setting perfectly.Most of the games bugs are graphics based so I’ll stick them here. The game doesn’t have any truly game-breaking bugs but it does have a host of minor hiccups like characters teleporting a few feet, physics enabled objects getting stuck and “stretching” across the screen, characters getting hung-up on doorways, and some funky hit-detection. Again nothing game breaking, but some atmosphere breaking stuff to be sure if that’s enough to turn you away from buying it.Story-wise things work but are nothing special. Did you ever want to play the Omen as a game taken wholesale? Well that’s what you’re going to get. Though at times it seems like the game can’t decide if it wants to be The Omen word-for-word, or The Omen with some parody tossed in. For the most part it’s played completely straight but a few scenes and characters seem like they are there almost as a joke. Not a “Ha ha” laugh out loud funny joke, but a sort of pervasive dark humor. Some might enjoy this but for me it felt out of place because most of the game takes itself so seriously. Additionally the ending feels rushed, it comes out of nowhere and is more than a little underwhelming. I got enough fun out of the rest of the game to forgive it, but the last few chapters feel like they had half of the time and work put into them being shorter, easier, and not requiring nearly the same level of mental thought to solve the puzzles.Overall I enjoyed Lucius and I think there’s a lot to come here for. But the game isn’t without issue both from a design and technical standpoint. If you come in expecting a game where you get to cause some over-the-top murders from the role of son of the devil you’ll probably be entertained by what you get, but if you’re expecting a revolutionary experience or some unknown gem of a game you’ll likely not find what you wanted."
,Not Recommended,218640,10755141,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,win10_baaaaaaad,"has potential, almost like an interactive version of the omen. but i got bored with it really fast, id suggest grabbing something else unless its really cheap."
,Not Recommended,218640,10682450,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Brutal Rob,"Well first off one of the only reason's i bought this game was the price tag at the time was about 6$ which i would pay for this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ First the story sucks all you have to do is kill people with you powers you got from hell (which all suck and are hard to use) Second the controlls are terribale to move sideways is hell, also where you get the powers from Weird hgg? so many things wrong with this game just dont buy it it's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,218640,14444618,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ParasiteX,Cleaned my room and brushed my teeth. I'm such a good boy!11/10
,Recommended,218640,14403306,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Lenny the Mighty,Had to play for 4 times more hours of normal storytime to get all of the achievements.Would play for 4 times more hours again to get all of the achievements.666/666 3:)
,Recommended,218640,26158653,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Bot Open Bob,1. Get powers2. Kill the people u have to end4. Turn all the crosses upside down3. Like this if you have crippling depression
76561198045452858,Recommended,218640,17814709,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,TriTTon,Amazing Game. Enouth said
76561198169538669,Recommended,218640,20467700,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,AzmanKiller1000,Take hours and hours to find things to get through story
,Not Recommended,218640,29979452,Posted: 17 February,all,Dactyl,"Extremely linear game posing as a sandbox since you have to explore a mansion throughout it, but ultimately all you do is find/move items around in the correct order/places. No room for deviation. So much missed potential has resulted in a very shallow experience."
,Recommended,218640,23904259,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kms,Best satan game ever
,Recommended,218640,32040241,Posted: 29 May,all,Liveja,♥
,Not Recommended,218640,13312466,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,H-variant,"This game feels like a bad joke. It also suffer from most common problems in puzzle games.Only redeeming factor for me is the gruelsome murder scenes, but even this is only mildly entertaining."
,Not Recommended,218640,24824553,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Hostage,"Payed a £1.04 for this so i'm not going to complain. But for a game like this I personally wouldn't tell people to buy it if it wasn't on sale. I really wanted to get into this game but after the first hours I just gave up because I just couldn't get into it, myabe it's just me but personally I don't think I'd recommend this"
,Recommended,218640,29488562,Posted: 25 January,all,huskobon,I was actually surprised with this one. I was surprised that it had me wondering what was going to happen next.  It's pretty good.
,Recommended,218640,14431771,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Waetla,"More of a puzzle solving game, where the puzzles are murders. Some of the cutscenes are humourous, but the gameplay is linear and replay value is low. Still, achievements are easy to obtain.6.5/10"
76561197993610726,Recommended,218640,24934570,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,♔DØCTOR FEELGOOD,"This game is heavy on the satanic stuff/brutal killings orchestrated by a creepy kid! Not my fav game by any means but for under 2 dollars it has merit. If you get to the end o game, theres two ending to pick from; an action ending where you can blast people with your best moves, or a puzzle ending that makes you have to do VERY specific things in order.. Was quite hard doing the puzzle ending, especially since I'm terrible at puzzles lol. But yea just a heads up that the action ending is likely more fun than the puzzle ending I did. Overall pretty fun game, pretty nasty at times though !!"
,Recommended,218640,24688615,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Can Sir,Satan's spawn simulator
,Recommended,218640,20753213,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Cozmin,Bought this game to make my bed and clean my room.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,218640,32933128,Posted: 28 June,all,Naestra,"I'm not gonna lie murdering people is just so fun you'll forget the old graphics and lack of story.I mean, son of the devil is a bit too easy but that does not matter.The game is short, fun, and has a twisted sense of humor."
76561198363048865,Recommended,218640,33150892,Posted: 2 July,all,真的没有小熊,"Game titles (CG as a movie, is doing very well in the game scene, light and shadow, and the details of the props are made of very fine, most of the scene props can move freely, such as like I don't like to hide in the room to have lovers, just leave them on the sofa clothes all thrown out from the balcony, and character expression processing is very near, in addition to the characters in the CG will have facial expression change, the majority of people always is the appearance of facial paralysis, happy and sad is a failure. Although the characters are not very good, but the lines of the face and the characters outside the main character are very smooth and unpretentious.There is only one kind of weird music, if there is no feeling. But in the game, the thunder of the thunderstorm, the sound of rain near the window sill, and the dialogue sound of the characters will change with distance. The sound effects of the game, after all, is a dark game, with the game of the game music, to the beginning to give a feeling of oppression. Of course, this is only the beginning, to gradually become familiar with the rhythm of the game, will fall in love with this music to enter the atmosphere of murderous planning."
,Recommended,218640,33908216,Posted: 30 July,all,Yuppsterr,"Good game!I found this freaking hilarious lol xDCan't comment on Lucius 2 as have yet to install it but looks good anyway,Buy This whilst the OFFER is on!!"
76561198326023938,Recommended,218640,33922839,Posted: 31 July,all,gullyDJ(FFiZ),just brought and played through the first 40 mins - killed my the kitchen helper/nanny and also killed that annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥who only comes to see my dad when my dad is stressed about elections - i dont think he was good for my dads health and smoking wasnt good for his health - anyway I turned Mary into a popsicle in the walk in freezer and i stole genes matches and managed to get the dumbo to blow his own head off by using the gas stove - which i had removed the safety valve from. hehehehe - it is essentially the Damien Omen simulator - it is VERY linear and i strictly brought cos i am a huge fan of the orginal 3 omen films as well as the medusa touch and this game pays quite good homage to all those movies - the deaths have to be done with the right objects in the right order blah blah blah however the cut sequences and the very predictably cheesy but adequate plot more than make up by letting your own sense of nostalgia for the omen movies fill in the blanks - the gra[hics serve the story and setting well and movement etc is ok - a little janky but nothing unplayable - there a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of achievements to get through and the house itself is quite a large place with (so far) 3 floors and many locked doors i cant open yet  - however i was expecting something really really tacky that was going to make me really cringe however i must say over all pleaently surprised and it is quite good fun watching the people kill themself in your carefully laid (if somewhat linear) traps. The game has stealth elements to it as well which i havent had to use much yet except when i stole the matches but seems adequate for the game. your main char is creepy as hell in that kind of very cute over groomed unemotional and seemingly innocent but in the wrong place at all the wrong times type of kid - (yes they exist) - all in aall so far a pleasent experiance and for getting bothe games in sale for less money than the first game - B B B B B B B B B B B Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargain and here watch Hene get down to some funky music he is one HOT dancer (music not from the game btw)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1Z2B6dpKxs
,Not Recommended,218640,11457699,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Foxy|twitch.tv/foxynorge,The game is funny and all but so many glitches.The controls are wierd and the story is crap.It's a no from me.
76561198117042418,Not Recommended,218640,25350670,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,vior wolfkin,tedious but thats just the best bits
,Recommended,218640,1104469,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,Hornfjell,"An indie-game that requires intelligence, patience... and sometimes google.Absolutely fascinating concept; with many, many allusions put into the game. Just the fact that the mansion is called ""Dante Mansion"" is kind of a no-brainer, but passing names like Wuornos and Gacy; is lost on those who do not know. I, however, was not lost - and found the game to be refreshingly original.It is a challenging game, not only in having to solve the ""puzzles"" - but in an ethical sense.A breath of fresh air/fire, this one."
,Recommended,218640,8208302,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Molech,The Omen meets point and click adventure puzzle solving. Entertaining and provides you with some really dreadful deaths.
,Recommended,218640,8527792,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,MoonSafari,This could be so much fun but there are so many bugs and glitches its just not worth it.
,Recommended,218640,9191006,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,jeanettebryson,"wish i could leave a review,downloaded it a wk ago n cant play it as its quite laggy on my pc n it wont let me play it on another pc,tried downloading it again but no joy ,any help ??"
,Recommended,218640,9218499,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,ParabolicDeth,I Loved the game. I think it was well made but some things with the controls and game play could have been better. Only a few parts i got stuck on and got fustrated with. But overall i'd play another playthrough and look forward to some sort of sequal.
76561198037645022,Recommended,218640,8712441,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,imrathan,This game is great I love it. The graphics and everything is perfect so far great story too in kind of a twisted way good for horror fans :D
76561198076160835,Recommended,218640,9010496,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,lucyliez,awesome game! not easy either ;)
,Recommended,218640,9163216,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,"Juwan ""JuJu"" Jackson",Baby satan and his tricycle of ultimate doom. K.
76561198114767959,Recommended,218640,9188907,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Hazlenutz,great game
,Recommended,218640,9218715,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Saemun,"I love this game! My only dislike would be the fact that Lucius can be very difficult to control, I kept walking into walls and random objects alot which made for some fustrating gameplay.Final thoughts? Hmmm.. will there be a sequel? :-)"
,Recommended,218640,9289226,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Phuc Dat Bich,"Awesome game, you can play it with almost any laptop/pc you have. It's kinda hard but still I'm lovin' it"
,Recommended,218640,8515918,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,dickle,dope♥♥♥♥♥game.
,Recommended,218640,8927905,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Adam,"i love this game because it combines my two loves the first being puzzles and the second being satan. the game has a unique atmosphere and perspective, i love any game that lets you be the bad guy. i enjoy this game for the same reason i enyoy TTT in garys mod except i like this more because it forces you to be more intelligent and it means i don't have to deal with other people. i can't right a review on this game without mentioning that i broke it, there are stones that appear on the grass in the garden which you use in a puzzle late in the game, under no circumstances should you pick them up until you need them. a particularly like the things little things in this game like the crow that sits on the tree staring at you. i also need to point out that upside down crosses are not satanic. this game has one of my favourite depictions of satan in it because it is the spiting image of someone i know."
76561198048856324,Recommended,218640,9178268,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,IceCity,"Surprisingly a good game with decent graphics, just let down by all the bugs and  ****ed up things.7/10"
76561198153956434,Recommended,218640,12731620,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Nevasith,"Fun game for failed-plans saturday :)Basically, if you are a fan of theOmenmovie series, you should consider this game. Imagine you are the Devils shild,, given few supernatural powers and a stask to arrange accidents for everyone in the house. Definielynot worth lets say 10 Euro, but at the recent discount, it is a good investment. Why?  Because the game takes about 8 hours to complete while watching movie only 2."
,Recommended,218640,12703454,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Tyler_,I completed this game in 5.7hrs and I felt like it was an endless puzzle action game... I loved it.It had a few puns once in a while.
,Recommended,218640,9226952,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,NagsterTheGangster,-Murder people & hail Satan!-10/10
,Recommended,218640,20954071,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,I Luv Hentai,"Pros.Nice graphicunique gameplayNeed to think first before actUnique storyCons.The stealth thingy feels stupidbug.lot of em even in the last fight you must restart the game more that 3 times.Be aware that this game are full of satanic thing and gore if you can't stand or get triggered by that kind of thing then don't buy it,But if you like those thing i reccomend you to buy it because it can turn on your inner psychopath feelingOverall8/10"
,Not Recommended,218640,17874183,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ZounceX,"Really wanated to enjoy this game, been eying it for a while. Boy, was I let down, probably just my expectations but this game is very linear, has basic point and click puzzles, nothing special/interesting to do and seems very short. Great concept, needs more to it.Was worth it at 99c but I purchased the bundle at $10. Second game looks like it fixed some of these issues but appears to have far too many issues to stop me from getting a refund on the whole thing. Probably would've considered a $5 on just this one, but I can't."
,Recommended,218640,18197359,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Monologamy,"It's good, just good.Lore was what was keept me on the game.Try it if you want but your expression might be ""meh, it's ok."""
,Recommended,218640,16192109,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Ejjjj,great game
76561198022186188,Not Recommended,218640,30888324,Posted: 1 April,all,selambentolgi,a very promising game wasted with gameplay and story... not recommended... after a while becomes very boring and amateur...
,Recommended,218640,33133207,Posted: 2 July,all,Spike,"Not bad for a cheap game.. very entertaining to say the least. i would recommend buying, even if its to pass the time."
76561198139356624,Recommended,218640,33143771,Posted: 2 July,all,Xinistra,You get to kill people and be the son of the Devil. I believe that should be enough.
,Recommended,218640,14380407,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,♕Kaneki♕,They see me rolling 100/10
76561198072155312,Recommended,218640,8967981,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,[WPS]RingWraithKing,one of the best games ever to jsut get away from all the GOOD GUYS and finaly play as a bad guy with a real bad guy ending no twist plot to turn good you kill all and enjoy it doing the Dark Lords Bidding as pretending to be a nice lil 6 year old boy its the perfect killing/horror/real evil game iv ever played 100/10
,Recommended,218640,8973341,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Valegator,"Game is fun to play, it has interesting mechanics and gameplay. But sometimes you will get stuck because you wont know what to do and game gives you only hints. But if you ever get stuck there age good Community Guides that will help you."
76561198063144439,Not Recommended,218640,8364381,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Starry Sailor,"Always wanted the video game of the omen.  4/10, would glitch and break the game again."
,Recommended,218640,16228274,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Larska,Totally worth my 2€
,Recommended,218640,35299285,Posted: 29 September,all,shashi,Very fun to play. but I needed a walkthrough to play it. xD recommended to any one who likes to play killing games.
,Not Recommended,218640,9731832,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Jarbinger,It starts out pretty well but quickly turns into the kind of adventure game where you need to keep the walktrhough open in the Steam browser as murder plans become more and more convoluted.  Moderately entertaining if you find the premise entertaining but ultimately very flawed - particularly in terms on pacing and escalation.
,Recommended,218640,24842729,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,CountGrishnackhh,"I literally just bought the game yesterday and I love it, only wish I have gotten it sooner, but I saw there's a sale and I got it. The puzzles, the story, the graphics, it's like none of the kind you see out there. Please note that this is a very hard and challenging game, but It'll never bore you as you'll continue to explore and test the many missions and mamny charachters.8.5/10 Would definitely recommend."
76561198371241422,Recommended,218640,33451753,Posted: 11 July,all,BatDude,"This game's story is kinda.......compicated.You don't really know how to kill your victims only if you watch it on a walkthrough on youtube.It just say's in the notebook what you did,NOT what you are suppoused to do.The gameplay is kinda sloppy.And when Lucius just normally walks he is like walking slower than a turtle.The cutscenes are well made.And the CUTSCENE story is good is like a chucky movie but also a little different.Overall medium game i really don't think its either good or bad it's right in the middle."
,Recommended,218640,9670673,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,Best evil gta-like game everHeres a fapping moviehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-dV6SFvdac
,Not Recommended,218640,15332834,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Empire,"Really slow story line, amusing story telling, and overall decent atmosphere. Good when there's nothing else to play! :d"
,Recommended,218640,25699062,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,HighOnTacos,These are the kinda kids Joesph Fritzl should of kept in his basement
76561198159927006,Recommended,218640,22525661,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,DexterLittle9,I enjoyed every moment of this game. Except the chores! (Just kidding) It was quite good and I'll play it again to get all those achievements and kill them all once more!
,Recommended,218640,23102431,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,BOLDPILOT,Wanna be son of the Dark Lord?Here you are then.Great game!
,Recommended,218640,23153366,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,SerialTranny,Reminded me of my childhood when I used to talk to Satan ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,218640,22077807,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Wood U. Kinelee,When Hitman was a kid...
,Not Recommended,218640,23144648,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,hehe Xd,FIX THE GOD DAMN ♥♥♥♥ING BUGS THANKS
,Recommended,218640,12298653,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Alia,"Lucius Is A Very Good Game, However, If You Play With A Laptop On This Game It Could Get Very Laggy And After Killing The 2nd Person You Need A Mouse. If You Do Not Have A Mouse Then Your A Bit Stuck"
76561198117275739,Recommended,218640,12522375,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Nootie,Just saw my mom naked in the shower.10/10
,Recommended,218640,7925648,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Mizu,I just like to break all the things and roll around the joint on my pimpin bike~
76561198007747398,Recommended,218640,30444052,Posted: 11 March,all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,"Who doesn't like to be a rich brat with a poker face, whose dad is Lucifer, running around killing innocents gruesomely with super evil powers ? *Satanism Intensifies*FFS he did what i always wanted to do : Killing the math teacher simply because I hate math.The game is buggy, but the concept is pretty good. I'd give it a 6/10. Still , recommended.Unleash your inner devils !"
,Recommended,218640,35433841,Posted: 2 October,all,Tabu,I spent More Time Doing Chores Then Actuly Playing Then Killing People.
76561198046174223,Recommended,218640,14321688,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Youngblood,"Spent 10 minutes running around the house trying to find the maid, only for her to be in the room next door from where I last started.Genius/10, would get lost again."
76561198050843283,Not Recommended,218640,29514086,Posted: 26 January,all,sickhouse,"Very good concept.  Unfortunately, poorly executed -but worth the 10 bucks for sure.Controls - The controls are very bad.  It's not easy to control Lucius.  It does not flow well.  The pointer is always directly behind Lucius' head, causing you to try different zoom levels to try to select objects.Bugs - I've never experienced a game so buggy, especially towards the end.  Examples:  Constant random resetting of the gamma to zero, ability to skip steps in some of the chapters - which causes the game to crash,puzzle ending is flawed - after last kill nothing happens, random resetting of the mouse sensitivity, sound effects at wrong timings and sometimes get stuck into a loop at the end, MANY MORE.Graphics - Very basic, 15 years behind.  Reminded me of Quake 2.Voice acting - Ugh.Ending - End of story is awful,which probably led them to make the alternate ending, which did not work for me due to many bugs."
,Recommended,218640,23132861,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MickeyMouse,very funny and yummy
,Recommended,218640,23247061,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,SenpaiMASTAH,good
,Not Recommended,218640,13332545,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,MoJean[NL],"Worst game I've seen this far. I was stuck in-game after some chapters and was never able to finish the game even with help of forums. There is also no ability to save. It looked promising but you will get detected often and ""game over"""
,Recommended,218640,12805966,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,JohnCZ,"In this game you are a kid and you must kill people its logic and fun, buy this game."
76561198133506997,Not Recommended,218640,19185787,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,JerryDaMouse,"This game plays and looks like it was built with a Unity ♥♥♥♥ing engine alright, i'v seen ♥♥♥♥ing Yandere Simulator capture the same gameplay, but compairing the 2 just makes this game look like a joke. The Story for Lucius was amazing, hands down, 10/10, but the execution was down right ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. If i am the son of satan and i can launch ♥♥♥♥ing fireballs to kill people, i should have the option to do this. This is what makes Yandere Simulator so much better, it's not even finished yet, and i can already tell that it is better than this game. 3/10, Amazing story, voice acting and graphics, but the gameplay ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.Edit: I forgot to mention, i beat this game in a single afternoon while eating a pizza. Puzzles are not creative and boring. Dont buy Lucius 2 either, Lucius 2 goes for the kind of, do it yourself type of game. But that game down right glitched and did nothing to make me entertained. This series of games is stupid, make a ♥♥♥♥ing book with the same concept to enjoy this to the fullest."
,Recommended,218640,8927748,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Orphan™,demon babies make this game amazing buy this game and you get the chance to be satans little boy and murder your own family for satan with satanic powers!
76561198192431886,Recommended,218640,28228698,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Brodo $waggins,If anything this game taught me how to think creatively.(Wink Wink)
,Recommended,218640,32747531,Posted: 24 June,all,DoomTainted,"Kinda boring, but was worth 1€"
76561197993763913,Not Recommended,218640,17922113,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Holdelta,This is the worst version of Home Alone I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,218640,13203491,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Bob The Fly,This game must have been made by the devil because it's unholy. This game is the Citezen Kane of♥♥♥♥♥♥because nothing is better than this game at sucking♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198066490399,Recommended,218640,19781122,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,𝔐𝔦𝔫𝔱𝔶,A little short but interesting and enjoyable game.
,Not Recommended,218640,8826512,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,MickyLee,Decent game. 6/10The graphics are pretty well designed.The gameplay is a bit akward.It submerges you into the game with hardly any instruction. I was stuck on the second murder.It's not worth the money unless you just enjoy figuring out stuff on your own.
76561198132736420,Recommended,218640,24589292,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Nishimiya,must play! if you love killing Lol!
,Recommended,218640,22621277,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Cotton,One moment you're putting toys in the toychest and cleaning up your room.The next moment you're creatively killing off your family one by one.Great transition!
,Recommended,218640,9167744,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,☽ LUNATEE ☽,Love this game!! Lucius is creepy as heck though. I sometimes had to take breaks from playing because he just creeps me out too much. Overall this is a must play game... on sale for $5 what do you have to lose other than your soul...
,Recommended,218640,11039005,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Ares the Foxy,Being evil is fun. In this game you can be as evil as one can ever want to be. I myself enjoy this game.
,Recommended,218640,22753417,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,xXReaperCallinXx,Would kill people as a demonic child all over again
,Recommended,218640,18075057,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Distrct3,Great family game. Recommended for children ages 4-6.
,Not Recommended,218640,17738990,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Darayavaush Kambujiya,Picking objects.Picking objects.Combining objects.Cleaning up bedroom.Killing.Picking objects.Picking laundry.Killing.Meeting father sometimes.Killing.Getting caught by night and game over because I must go to bed. I AM THE SON OF SATAN YOU GO TO BED MORTAL !!!Losing all objects.Picking objects.Killing.Picking objects.Being technically stuck in the court with no way of walking out of there.Loosing consciousness because a dumb player decided to stop the game and never play it again.
76561198097149433,Not Recommended,218640,9181431,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Zombiekissingbooth,The son of the devil possesses all the grace and maneuverability of a pontoon boat with rocket thrusters. Who told you people this game was finished? It is a struggled just to walk through a door. Seriously. I'd like my $5 back.
,Not Recommended,218640,9688836,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,TheSmokeCS,"Game is crafted well and has a good storyline to it. But for me personally it lacked anything else, you do a same routine each moment and you don't feel that you have accomplished anything."
76561198047975427,Not Recommended,218640,9192498,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,640509-040147,"It has a nice concept, but ultimately the game is just very poorly executed. On the technical side I've experienced numerous glitches and a few crashes. In-game the inventory and 'mission log' are very awkward to use, and the map is broken. The game offers little support for your objectives. As it has some puzzle elements this isn't necessarily a bad thing, but the game has such tight grip on how a specific objective or 'kill' has to be executed that some kind of support would be nice. The fact that the game's kills are largely scripted doesn't even bother me that much. The main frustration lies in the fact that you have to carry it out exactly as the game wants you to. For instance, halfway through the game you are tasked with carrying water outside without gaining any suspicion. As all but one character are in the same room this could have been as easy as taking a bucket from the laundry room, filling it with water and carrying it outside without bumping into any NPC. Instead, the game wants you to go to a very specific room and take a very specific object to carry the water around. Unfortunately it doesn't end there. Some of the more interesting sections have you sneaking through the mansion at night. As some of the NPCs are still awake you have to take care not to bump into them. However, as the game is rather unforgiving in this, such sequences quickly turn into trial and error. In the game, you use specific powers such as telekinesis and mind control to achieve objectives. A downside is that simple things like picking up stuff or opening doors are treated in the same manner, meaning that this form of interaction also has to be selected from a hotkey. This became frustrating when I spent five minutes trying to open a door but wasn't able to do so as I still had telekinesis selected as active ability. When using a power such as telekinesis or mind control you have to aim extremely careful for it to take effect. Towards the end, this became so tricky that I had to go to the options menu to considerably lower my mouse sensitivity. The game has some annoying invisible walls (or rather 'fences') placed around some objects which obscure your ability to toss fireballs past them. A plus side is that this is one of the very few games where you play a true villain (not just an antihero) and that the atmosphere is very nice. It is just pitiful that the game is so poorly executed.Tl;dr: nice concept; bad execution."
,Not Recommended,218640,7800784,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,KewaG,"This game had me frustrated. The puzzles are sometimes stupidly hard to solve, even with clues, which will have you running up and down the hallways over and over again until you start screaming yourself red in the face. I found myself looking to the user made guides more often then I'd like to admit which left me feeling like a $3.00 hooker with a skin disorder. On the up shot, the guides were very well put together and very helpful if not a little presumptuous at times.I don't recomend this game for anyone with attention problems which, lets face it, is most gamers. The graphics are nice and although it lacked the horror aspect, which is what I half expected when buying it, the story is fairly well written.I didn't hate this game. I just can't bring myself to recommend it to anyone based on my experience with it. If it wasn't for the guides I would have given up on this game soon after pressing play."
,Not Recommended,218640,7860457,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Invader Maiden,"Personally, Lucius was more running around other than solving puzzles and long periods back tracking if you mess up, and it was less than fun. The puzzles themselves were a little too easy for me. I thought the Satanic powers were kinda goofy, and generally the whole game was droll. While the story is creative in a way, it is nothing new."
,Recommended,218640,8586178,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Xytement,Playing as a Demented Child murding employees LOVE IT!
,Not Recommended,218640,7794199,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,kinda sounded like consent,Don't buy this piece of trash  the game runs badly models look awful and dated as does everything else in this game
,Not Recommended,218640,256618,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"don't bother. Buggy unfinished and Linear. Frustrating endgame, poor design. Decent concept but no imagination and very scripted use of powers. Dissapointing"
,Recommended,218640,23238773,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Hanzo,"Game about kid, who's killing everybody satan tells him to kill."
,Recommended,218640,29172502,Posted: 10 January,all,Marso,Im addicted to this game! It's fun a little satanic which i don't like but the game play is cool!!!
,Not Recommended,218640,12819622,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Coisa,"This game is the worst thing I played this year.- Story is weak.- Crontrols are ridiculously difficult. The mouse is suposed to work well on telekinesis skill, but no.- There is no guidance through missions.- And yet there is an only-way path that you should have to solve the puzzles.- AI is dumb enough to be called A.If someone compares this game to Hitman, don't believe it. This is♥♥♥♥♥♥on rails."
,Recommended,218640,23774843,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Counter Breaker,"""I'm Lucius. I'm Lucius. I'm such a bad, bad boy.""  -Jerma"
76561198059415229,Recommended,218640,23770111,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Webbook97,"I never thought being the child of Satan would be good fun. I do have a few problems with this game, but would recommend it overall. I feel like some of the achievments are a bit ridiculous and time-consuming, yet aren't fun. (Side note: I have been trying to get the music box achievment and still cannot get that even though I am sure I am right.) There are some things in the game that do not run as smooth as I would like, but this is an older game so it is actually kinda impressive. Just be careful using your tricycle because you might get stuck in a wall. It happens, no big deal. Some of the voice acting is a little cringy, but the gameplay itself is pretty fun. The story isn't exactly award-winning, but it doesn't totally suck either.TLDR: Game isn't bad, and it fun but I personally would not pay full price for it. Achievements are annoying at times. Game itself, ignoring achievements, its entertaining. Not the best game, not the worst."
76561198068118392,Recommended,218640,23849544,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Beanizarchie,"The good first:Lucius is interesting, macabre, and keeps you wondering who you get to kill next. The storyline is pretty good. A couple of twists keep it interesting (even if you sort of see them coming, you get to say ""I knew it!""). I really did enjoy this game, and it's a game that I would reccommend... if you get it on sale.The bad:The game gives you literally no options. You have to do everything in EXACTLY the way the developers intended, or you can't complete the chapter. Personally, I'd prefer a little bit of an option on how to kill my victims... I don't want to complete elaborate schemes with no choices. Often, quick timing is required with skills that are less than precise, which can prove to be incredibly frustrating. I do not recommend it to those who rage easily. One scene alone I played for about 45 minutes before I could beat it, and had to continuously kill myself to start the chapter over. Furthermore, there is no ""save"" or ""load"" option. If you lose a level, you start at the beginning of that level. The levels aren't too long though, so it didn't bother me too much. Some of the cutscenes are very long; I was almost late to work because I was determined to get through the cutscene(s) that were playing, and it took 14 minutes (I had figured itwould only be 2-5 minutes). It's pretty glitchy, and some of your ""powers"" are very difficult to control.Overall:I do recommend this game. It's an interesting premise. Although it could have been better executed, I took it for face value and thoroughly enjoyed it. If glitches or elaborate gameplay irritate you, this may not be the game for you. If you can work around the glitches and enjoy games that are more like movies that you interact with, it's 100% for you."
,Recommended,218640,10043023,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Na Bong Soon,"it's a cruel story to kill everyone in the house including his own dad and mom, i just love lucius mom and NOT his dad ! if i could choose i'll choose his mom to stay with lucius, btw this game is so epic, try and enjoy guys !!! ^^"
76561198065056361,Not Recommended,218640,33590982,Posted: 16 July,all,leszek.jaworowski,Many graphic and collision bugs. Graphics of faces not very good.
,Not Recommended,218640,26239214,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Daikenja,"You can't save the game, for starters. So everything you do, you have to start all over again next time you want to play.If you can manage to play it all in one sitting, then props to you.The story is only mediocre at best. The game play is only 'alright'. All in all, it isn't enough to capture my attention for more than an hour."
76561197999022701,Not Recommended,218640,26247746,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mongo Rose,This game seems half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like they released an alpha and then just ran with it.
,Not Recommended,218640,17820213,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,starshipwaters,"Lucius will claim 21 victims over the course of the game: the 20 people he kills, and your innocence after photographing a bunch of polygons bump uglies."
,Recommended,218640,9302252,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,I_Wear_Jackets (Hiatus),Good fun game with a lot of gore. I just love murdering my family in the morning....HAIL SATAN!
76561197968587121,Not Recommended,218640,10931300,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,aw geez rick,"If you're seeing this review, then you're probably very interested in 'Lucius', a third person action-horror game where you play the son of the devil and go around reaping souls in pretty gruesome ways. While the concept looks good on paper, execution wise the game goes only halfway.Whether intentionally or not, it's pretty humorous going around as a little kid and messing things up around the manor. The character himself never talks throughout the game, which is pretty creepy and is even made reference to at one point in the storyline. The abilities you are able to use are cool as well, like mind control, telekenisis, and even fireballs! (although you can only use that ability at specific points, mainly scripted events).Unfortunately that's where the positives really end, the storyline of the game is pretty bland and not very in-depth. Not that long into the game you'll start to get somewhat bored of it and would rather just go back to your own evil devices. The cutscenes (which I'm pretty sure use the in-game engine) are god-awful, ranging from out of touch lip syncing, wooden voice acting and PS2 textures. Another thing is that actually figuring what to do next is a challenge in of itself, most of the time you'll be wandering around the manor, bumping into different rooms and accidentally finding important items. The worst part is if you fail on a mission, you have to start the ENTIRE mission all over again, which mainly happened for me during the stealth sequences in the game. The worst kind of Trial and error.Overall, this game is only really worth getting if it's at a low enough discount (75% or above) and even then save it for when you don't have anything else to play. It's not worth the wait or hype. Again this is my opinion, if you have a different view and enjoy this game wholeheartedly then that's great! :) But for me, it was a mediocre experience."
,Recommended,218640,16295548,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,MrMannyel,I saw a naked girl in a bathtub. 11/10
,Recommended,218640,31303803,Posted: 22 April,all,mms,1/1
,Recommended,218640,16385934,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,nono,666.
76561198143099025,Recommended,218640,16477306,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zach,ayyy its a good game
,Recommended,218640,17720823,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Barack Ebola,Locked myself in the walk-in fridge.Karma's a ♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10.
,Recommended,218640,26062149,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Fluroz,When you're son of the devil but you still do chores to get the tricycle that you want so bad
,Recommended,218640,7990872,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,[RGG] Hour25,"Get yo' creepy kid on in the best ""Scare Your Parents"" simulator of 2013."
76561198272161319,Recommended,218640,23135662,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,xACIDREAMx,Saw this game on sale and thought I'd try it out.Haven't stopped playing it since purchase and can truly say it's  amazing for those who love a good little horror game :)Recommend to those with a tough gut and sick humour <3
,Not Recommended,218640,23334961,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,[H]ypnotize,It\'s fun to kill people but this game is boring af
76561198073114052,Recommended,218640,11506684,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,bettyboopdolly777,Wonderful to play. I can't believe his real father Lucifer is training him throughout the game. I have never seen that in a game. He does not leave with his flames all around him looking cool until you have perfected it. The game makes you do some crazy things.
76561197970950559,Recommended,218640,12854274,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ondegrise,Do You Like the Omen ? Then you Love this game !Nice Evil Little Boy. so Angry so Satanic7/10
,Recommended,218640,12871424,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,BoNeS23oXo,"Its an awesome game. You have to give it a try you won't be disappointed, cant wait for Lucius 2"
,Recommended,218640,12938821,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Truce Wayne,"If you're an antichrist you'll enjoy it - If not you still will, but feel kinda sorry in the inside ;)"
,Recommended,218640,19472913,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Lewa,"You play as the six year old son of the devil (like in The Omen). The goal is really simple: In each chapter, you have to kill someone in a SPECIFIC way. You have to find some items, put them (or interact with them) at specific places to achieve your goal. For me, it's not a problem. As long as you're okay with that, you'll enjoy it as much as I did!Cutest little devil. <3"
,Recommended,218640,30273305,Posted: 1 March,all,Capricorrn,love love love this game!
,Recommended,218640,30253187,Posted: 28 February,all,The Noobeast,7/10-good story-feel so evil after playing-feel like antichrist after killingnegativethis game will pervaded ur mind (be careful)
,Recommended,218640,28702255,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Captain Keelhaul,"NO SPIOLERS ok so your the son of the devil that is a given but in this lucius you actualy feel like the son of the devil because your so powerful but not op, you do some amazing stuff thats probily twisted and ♥♥♥♥ed up in your eyes but all and all lets all be honest it sucked killing will but burning someone alive for the first time was the coolest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever was it or was it not?"
76561197970672811,Not Recommended,218640,24799305,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Flamebo,"Boring. Plays like a crappy version of Hitman, but with only like one way to kill targets."
,Not Recommended,218640,16324316,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Cro,"Some of the cringiest modelling and voice acting I've ever seen.Horrible map design, horrible quest design, really just quite a poorly made game in general.3/10"
,Recommended,218640,10887818,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fucc Boi Steve,Sexual content.. 10/10
76561198032844662,Recommended,218640,13549347,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,rebelmoon,Telekinesis.
,Not Recommended,218640,24046752,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,goatly.the.goat,"This is my revew on Lucius and I have to give it a 4/10 because there are bugs and alot of them and thats not really a bad thing because only one is game breaking and thats only happens for in my words the better ending. As for the other bugs they just break the immersion of the game. Also at almost random the frame rate would heavaly drop to almost a frame per second and everything would come to a crawl. Also the game has a hard time at really telling you what you really need to do and at times I had to use Youtube to finish some chapters because of how poorly the game told me on what i had to do.On the other hand the game is kinda boring ""unless if you like games like this"" the cutscenes are well done, and for the most part the voice acting is good. Sadly I really cant recommend this game unless its on sale because in a way the game gets you to kinda want to kill off the people in it other then your mother, your first victim, and the butler other then that the people you kill kinda had it coming."
76561198078143783,Recommended,218640,24067026,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Cutie_Assassin,Fun to play. I liked it.
76561198072941937,Not Recommended,218640,21336386,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Csfault,You basically need a good computer just to barely get through fps issues.
76561198205253753,Not Recommended,218640,21390232,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,captaz,Don't bother lot of glitches
76561198000384572,Not Recommended,218640,21396845,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Waldo,slow and glitchy...not scary
,Not Recommended,218640,17029142,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Necessary Evil,"Holy Crap, was this not any where even remotely close to the game I was expecting and in this case, that's a bad thing.Don't come into this game thinking its a free roam multiple choice adventure where you play the Antichrist, no, rather its a very linear, do it this way or not at all, bore of a game. There is no deviation of choice, there is no abuse of demonic powers, just very sepcific ways you have to kill people placed in an open world to give you the illusion of choice when really it just pads the game out to make it seem like its worth a whopping $20 dollars. This game is not worth its full price or even on sale, its worth a dollar, because this isn't really a game: its an interactive movie. Go watch the Omen, its a superior expeirence, and make sure its the original and not the remake.The negatives aside, the deaths were amusing once in awhile and I had more fun donig chores and exploring around the house then I had fun playing the main story.2/10, take your money else where."
,Recommended,218640,17902834,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TeddyBear 💕,Woo
76561198141566328,Recommended,218640,14367308,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,dazedeolf48892,most of the time when i buy a game similer to this i think i wasted my money but with this game i made the right choice the player plays as a ten year old boy whear u are the devils son and if yore a strong beliver of god this game is not for u it is very satanic but still a good game i give it 8
,Recommended,218640,14552854,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Lil Tamp,"Saw boobies, gave review."
76561198058423839,Recommended,218640,11417564,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Mr. Francis,great game creepy as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,218640,14884867,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jeffery Belfort,This is fun i would reccomend it xD
,Recommended,218640,16267453,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Knux,Cool
,Recommended,218640,14384515,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Titanice,Murdered a lot of people in a house over the course of several months.Went home and decided to play Lucius.It's pretty good.
,Recommended,218640,24734007,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Doom of Pyro,"Also try ""Lucius II""."
,Recommended,218640,26012711,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Dead Magic Woman,THIS GAME REMIND ME AS A CHILD BACK THEN.. I LOVE THIS GAME+gameplay is good+gore scenes is good+blood everywhere+i love the way lucius turning the cross up side down
,Recommended,218640,28287008,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,H-3 UTS,That so.... interesting
,Not Recommended,218640,18734683,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,YOUNG JESUS,Nej tack
,Recommended,218640,17942554,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,darkside mikati™,"this game is a yes but lemme tell you something ,good: the graphics are good , 60 fps lock on vsync , mind games , easy achievements , chores and gifts ,bad : after the last update (or so i noticed) : alot of bugs , if i ride the tricycle into the wall in the alastair stairs/backroom , it noclipped and i got out to the street , picked ivor's bottle on chapter 4 first time and i gave it to tom , now i restarted couldn't get it , i can take the one in the closet only , after killing alastair on christmas , he lived on tom's chapter , dunno how but he was standing there , driver smoke chapter the rug i am supposed to make him sniff didn't fall with him , stayed floating . i killed lucius' mom on chapter 6 by fault and no one noticed , you don't need to go put the plug to load the nailgun with air , when i killed susan she jumped from the bathroom and then everyone was flying including me and the house was underneath us , i have much more of these glitches screenshotted in my profile ..flashlight lucifer's head and see what happens ,all in all , 8/10 one of the best mind devilish games i have playedEDIT: would recommend this game when it's on sale ! not worth over 15 if you like playing long story driven games , the story is short but awesome gameplay"
,Recommended,218640,24750372,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Xhaa,broe
,Not Recommended,218640,18349619,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Zjulja,"The idea of this game is not bad, but very boring is implementation. I would like to sleep when it is played."
76561198169747386,Recommended,218640,17021267,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,thekenyonlovan,You are the son of the Devil. Your mission is to kill people. So that's what you do. Kill them as creative as possible.
,Not Recommended,218640,19790300,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Kiely,This game is like a day in my life. So I find it boring.
,Recommended,218640,18067874,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ah San,KILL. KILL. KILL. KILL. KILL. KILL. KILL. HAVE SEX. KILL. KILL. KILL. KILL. KILL. KILL. KILL. KILL.Then wait for the sequel or repeat.10/10Would kill again.
,Recommended,218640,18077545,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ice cold cactus,I love killing people! (games)
,Recommended,218640,18051041,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Tiny,Amasing game love it i like it more then Lucius 2 myself man i really like just taking screen shots of the deaths. 8.5/10
76561198201712998,Recommended,218640,26087736,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,I Can Stop Anytime I Want,"Killed the gardener in possibly the most unnecessarily gruesome way out of all of my possible victims, he never asked for this, he never deserved this, it shouldn't have felt so good to take a man's life. 10/10."
,Recommended,218640,18083301,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,GUEDILA,"not a very big fan of horror games but i like the puzzles and the storyline in this one, the gameplay is like little agent 47 with a demon superpowers instead of dual pistols."
,Recommended,218640,32994364,Posted: 29 June,all,DVT,Fun game this
76561198022424593,Recommended,218640,20131529,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ren,Not bad~
76561198003475493,Recommended,218640,20104643,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Logan_47,"Killed a person, put my toys away.Killed another person, helped mommy.Killed yet another person and helped my mom with laundry.She called me a good boy. I called it a night."
76561198108364542,Recommended,218640,26368225,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,delarge3,I love the Lucius games! They are very dark and very creative!
,Recommended,218640,24874375,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Айпери Улуу Памир,nice story
,Recommended,218640,14509422,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,jnk flame 🐰 /s/,666
,Recommended,218640,24884387,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Kirito,COOL BOY AND THE BAD BOY
,Not Recommended,218640,21095842,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,east boast,I got this for 99 centsJust watch a cringe compilation video for free
,Recommended,218640,26067847,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Wulf,"Good game, had a fun time playing ^^"
,Recommended,218640,30089961,Posted: 21 February,all,Stoned Francis,"A good game idea, bugged af.6/10."
,Recommended,218640,19137693,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,OG wanttobe,Super sometimes stealth and sometimes bug :D (BUG TO MAKE IT FASTER)
76561198161259212,Recommended,218640,17846367,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Grffrichardson,"sogoooood, 69/10 would kill my ♥♥♥♥♥ servant again"
,Recommended,218640,17845804,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,#Cool1-Kurikurayaku,nice game
,Recommended,218640,11955265,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,OhioMan,Bought this game because my wife likes these type of games.. She seems to like it.. controls are a little frustrating but overall it is good.
,Not Recommended,218640,14441877,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Bextinction,"While the gameplay is fun, there just isn't enough of it. There are far too many cutscenes in this game."
,Recommended,218640,23208833,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,「Last King」     ◥◣ ◢◤,....
76561198119499353,Recommended,218640,23221206,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Weresheeps,Creepy kid /10
,Recommended,218640,18898266,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,spookypervertgod,it gets borin but hey i got it on sale i really cant ♥♥♥♥♥ for  a game i bought for 0.99$
,Recommended,218640,26168707,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,poyko,i also want to kill everyone.
76561198122233327,Not Recommended,218640,14929781,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Arsenic Flavoring,"This game is not God awful, but it's not very good, either. I would only recommend it if it were on sale.Lucius spends most of his time murdering innocent people in his (easy to get lost in) mansion. Each chapter is a new person to kill. Gameplay is completely linear. You cannot decide to kill the maid right now and kill the mechanic next and then your mother. You also don't get any freedom in deciding how anybody dies. The game does at least have some creative (somewhat unrealistic) deaths, though, it's sorta cool to see somebody's face get sawn open.Each chapter requires you to kill each individual in a *very* specific way. You can usually get a good idea what the game wants you to do (poison, nail guns, revolvers...) but you may have trouble figuring out exactly how the game wants you to accomplish your task and you will likely need to refer to a guide to figure the exact actions the game wants you to take. It's annoying that it's not more clear.Another con to this game is the fact that you cannot save in the middle of a chapter, which compounds the previous issue I have with this game. You are undoubtedly having trouble figuring out the exact steps the game wants you to take, so every time  you mess up and get a game over (which can be pretty easy to get) you get to start the *entire* level over, re-picking up items and getting back to the point where you can try to experiment and see what needs to be done, just to get another game over and do it all over again. It's very tiresome.The powers could have been done a bit better. The mind control power is rather obscure, you can't just mind control someone to take your gun and go shoot somebody else, (That would be fun!) all you can really do with it is pick a person and pick an object to interact with it. You'll need to place items from your inventory somewhere in the environment first, that that threw me off the first couple of times. The telekinesis also controls really really badly. One kill in particular in the bathroom is super super hard to pull off. Luckily it lets you try multiple times very easily but considering how badly the telekinesis controls I wish it would just have activated the kill once you got close enough; you've figured out the exact actions the game wants you to take, and that's all this game really is.You also have to avoid getting caught and stealth doesn't work the way you might think. This isn't like Thief where sitting in the shadows means you are unseen, being stealthy just means, once again, taking a path or doing some extra action that the game very specifically wants you to do in order to be unseen, though the memory wipe power is very useful for this.There's not a whole lot of thinking you get to do yourself in order to continue murder people without getting caught. It's a shame; before I got this game I was thinking  you had to constantly think one step ahead of the detective to keep getting away with murder but the game will always hold your hand and say ""You'll have to not be seen here,"" ""Hide evidence here,"" and ""It doesn't matter if this person sees you anymore, because you're about to kill him.""The graphics are alright, they can be a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sometimes. The game has some minor little glitches in it as well but nothing to ruin your experience or figure out how to work around. The story is pretty dull and the characters are not very engaging (though you are going to kill them all anyway.) I do really like the music.The clunky and disappointing end bosses are a perfect representation of this entire game. If you like the concept and want to see what having some devil powers are like, get this game on sale. You can have a bit of fun with it, but it's definitely not worth $19.99."
76561198162335977,Recommended,218640,23136863,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,gRs,Enjoyed every minute of it.Hope I am not going to hell for playing this game :D
76561198094183439,Recommended,218640,29673752,Posted: 3 February,all,adam.z23,Lucius I+ good game+ low price+ killing strategy- sometimes few lags
,Recommended,218640,29729870,Posted: 5 February,all,Pimp,Super fun
,Recommended,218640,29918394,Posted: 14 February,all,☪ MUSTILOS ☪,nice to release the evil in you XD <3
76561198054352371,Not Recommended,218640,17773735,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Oblivion resistance,"cant say I would like lucius. even with ultrahigh details, it doesnt even reach to same level with fallout 3 and that come out in 2008 so there is no excuse (since lucius come 2012, 4 years later) only thing it does is make loading time stretch forever, and there doesnt seem to be no excuse for it. does it make details look any better? cant really say it does, all the characters look exacly the same with ultrahigh and low detail, actually I think they look even BETTER with low detail. the house on the other hand becomes undetailed and bland, much of what can be expected, the effects come even worse. and still it dares to lag. not to mention how much it lags with ultradetails, that lag is through the roof.dishonored come out the same year and that game look damn awesome, it also work far bettereven when graphic settings were set as high as they go. so what is the excuse with this. WHAT IS THE EXCUSE!the game looks really really bad.also I dont think lucius is the only member in the family with satanic powers. since his parents and other members of the house can see through walls. I dont even know how many times I have failed sneaking mission because someone has seen me from even 3 rooms away. its not like they would hear you, you can run right behind them and they wont spot you.the only thing Iiked was the plot, but it has already been seen in movies before this. like Omen, and note that the movie come out in 2006. the game developers must have taken inspiration from that."
,Recommended,218640,11410438,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Chip,I TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME BEST GAME VEVER 10/10
,Recommended,218640,24806949,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Dooky ♥,"Yeah it has a few gameplay bugs, but nothing that fully derails the experience.It's almost therapeutic to be the bad guy for once. The VERY VERY bad guy.So see life from the other side for once...just please, don't try any of this at home ;)"
76561198026704961,Not Recommended,218640,17746307,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,pug_pug,"This is an incomplete, broken game, dont wate your time or your money buying this crap. The gameplay is terrible, the animation looks made by a five year old, the game has numerous issues. Wont be buying part two or anyhting from this developer ever again, and neither should you."
76561198041550897,Not Recommended,218640,19738201,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,blueimpb,"I don't understand how this game has such positive reviews on Steam. If you look at reviews outside Steam you'll see a more realistic picture: clunky controls, uninteresting graphics, lame puzzles/missions. Just not particularly interesting or well-executed.For the most part you just wander around the house looking for little items, and once you find them you take them to another part of the house, click, done. Repeat. Repeat."
,Recommended,218640,31800023,Posted: 16 May,all,D0cT3r,If you like killing people you should definitely play this had so much fun to play got stuck at some levels because this game doesn't tell you exectly what to do! Finished it in 5 hours because I had watched PewDiePie Walkthrough of this
,Not Recommended,218640,21881759,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,cgorgon,not fun the secomd one is fun
,Recommended,218640,28730979,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SeanZ77,Mein Kempf
,Not Recommended,218640,23404292,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Danael31,"A very bad game in each point :A game which could be great if it wasn't so bad. Let's take it step by step :1. Graphisms : Just a shame. Bugged af, animations are stupids, the house, the people, and more than EVERYTHING : the little Lucius is so uncharismatic...2. Soundtracks : Always the same. I only like one song of the game : the music box one. There aren't many of others, always the same the whole game, and sometimes they don't go with the situation.3. Story : It doesn't go far enough. When another character goes in the story so it can go deeper, he instantly disappears, and it's just murder over murder.4.Gameplay : Empty. You can walk, use some useless things, pick up items and use it. Half is useless. You have some spells, 5 that you will unlock in the game. You'll use 4 of them to go on, and 2 of them are used maybe 3 times.5. Time to finish the game : Most of the game is walking from a room to another. You'll need maybe 4 hours to finish the game.Well, I'm not angry from this game, this is a real analysis. This game is bad because it is bad. It had good ideas ! When I discovered the game I told myself ""hum nice"" but these things weren't important, and good things aren't used enough. So, sorry people, you'll need another game."
76561197960818168,Not Recommended,218640,16367584,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Toxic,I feel that this game has no freedome of playstyle. It is very boring and I would not recommed it to anyone who likes to stay awake while playing a game!
,Recommended,218640,28701316,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rut420,Cool and Good.
,Recommended,218640,17927895,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Fearmaker [Bapake Gaming Shop],"gonna play this, recommended"
76561198261918701,Not Recommended,218640,33844546,Posted: 27 July,all,RageQuitGaming,"Not very fun, too easy of a map, it essentially tells you where everything is without any sort of difficulty, Better off Saving the money you may spend on this."
76561198023203791,Recommended,218640,12730739,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Style//,It has a good story;It has a awesome soundtrack;It has a creepy atmosphere;It has interesting objectives;It is on Halloween 2014 SALE!!!!!! Grab it now!
76561198071115255,Recommended,218640,16373001,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,HofG,"It was a little entertaining, though the en was very quick and wasn't very wellmade"
,Recommended,218640,29401194,Posted: 21 January,all,M1CH3L,Its so magic +_+
,Recommended,218640,14385787,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ATadMad,So fun. 10/10
,Recommended,218640,31322082,Posted: 23 April,all,Queen (ENG),"The game is definetely confusing at first and it is hard to figure out exactly what to do, however after a while it becomes amazing 8/8 would not put in a gr8"
,Recommended,218640,33405002,Posted: 9 July,all,Rotten Feet,Finished the game in 6.5hours but its effects are everlasting in me.Hail our lord Satan!
,Recommended,218640,33290835,Posted: 5 July,all,Kamikaze AgentDIIGOD,Didn't expect much from this game but it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome! I recommend it for sure.
,Recommended,218640,34453765,Posted: 23 August,all,DobbeltD¯\(ツ)/¯skinhub.com,"""When a Tasmanian Tiger, likes a game, he throws his boomerang at it - TY The Tasmanian Tiger"""
,Not Recommended,218640,25594765,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,PersianPrince,"Lucius was a fun game but at times it felt more like a chore to complete this game. While the story was entertaining it was a little bland and the only thing that made up for this were the innovative kills and humor in said kills. Not only did the story struggle to entertain me, but the constant running around the house to find the most minute details aggrevated me to the point of looking at walkthroughs to find what I missed and where to go. I really wanted to enjoy Lucius and on some level I did, but if I were to give a rating it would be a 6.5/10. I think it didn't live up to what it could have been. I'm kind of in the middle about this game. Be warned that you may spend a lot of time roaming around wondering where to go."
76561198031086771,Recommended,218640,25596750,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,KittensGWT,Ever want to play as a demon child.  ♥♥♥♥ Yeah!  Kill all the people!
76561198342074700,Recommended,218640,29599513,Posted: 30 January,all,Artemis,.
,Recommended,218640,1842032,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,dots,На удивление хорошая игра за свои деньги.
,Recommended,218640,19742480,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Jamie,10/10  Made me kill my family
,Recommended,218640,34497750,Posted: 25 August,all,Aperture Science,Hhh
,Recommended,218640,34825523,Posted: 8 September,all,Gary the Prophet,You're playing as the son of FREAKIN SATAN! What else do I need to say?
,Not Recommended,218640,15991949,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Bonzeee,"""kill people with satan powers except but not in a cool or fun way just a frustrating, annoying way and you have to be very specific so not the sandbox we promised lol have fun loser -Lucius3/666"
76561197990399454,Recommended,218640,11984848,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Rixoli,"Welcome to another edition of ""A Gamer's opinion"", Where I tackle the over 300 titles in my library and sort the♥♥♥♥♥♥from the shiny:Lucius is an interesting title, it feels like an ode to ""The Omen"" series of novels/movies. The game puts you in the shoes of a young boy named Lucius whom is the son of satan or a very powerful demon at the very least. With powers including Levitation and Pyrokinesis (controlling fire), the game revolves primarily around quietly plotting the demise of your entire family and anyone connected to them (from the handyman and gardner to your parents).Pros:Very creative, and not enough titles portray the villain winning.Puzzles require a little thinking.You are rewarded for keeping in role (masking your intentions) by getting various items that help you throughout the game.Cons:The games extremely shortThe last open opponents you have are EXTREMELY difficult to the point of near infuriating if you don't know what your doingVery little replay value (except to watch the gruesome deaths everyone suffers)Conclusion: I'd give this game a 6.5/10, I'd be certainly interested to see a sequel however of an older Lucius continuing his father's agenda."
,Recommended,218640,22916779,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Marcelus,"Good game, very funny but a bit broken sometimes in terms of design and how the game gives the player clues about what to do. Play it with another person until you both make Lucius own the house! Bahahahahahaa!"
,Recommended,218640,17740486,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,⍌ Ryu ⍌,OmerGherd such a goood game!!! :D Kill people and no one knows its the little kid!! MWHAHAHAHHA >:) Any way haven't really played a LOT of this game but with what i have played a freakin' LOVE it! :D GET IT NOW WHILST ITS LIKE 74P!!!
,Recommended,218640,26082047,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Godotme,v gud
76561198071323152,Not Recommended,218640,15323926,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Gaben's Garden Gnome,just dont waste your money on this game
,Recommended,218640,14305084,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Saint Satan,First Impressions:  You're a little♥♥♥♥♥♥devil child that murders people and makes it look like accidents.  If you're looking for a satanic murder puzzler then this is it.7/10
76561197984397805,Not Recommended,218640,12503789,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MelloYelloCello,I really wanted this to be better... disappointed that I bought it...
,Recommended,218640,31221610,Posted: 18 April,all,i'm the one who knocks,got a gtx 1070 and cant even get more then 6 fps 10/10 would never play again
,Recommended,218640,22639062,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,あRabbitR,I feel like a psychopathThat's really high
,Recommended,218640,12769905,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Zyph,"I played this once and to be honest, Its a really good game. I bought it again....because of......ACHIEVEMENTS.....DUN DUN DUN.This game deserve a rating of 99999/10Thanks 4 reading."
,Not Recommended,218640,29962519,Posted: 16 February,all,R.Natsumi,So disappointing.
76561198063185839,Recommended,218640,25233564,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Barkly the Basketball,SNiper
,Recommended,218640,28650939,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,PESTILENCE,Losing yourself in a giant mansion that looks more like a labyrinth SIMULATOR 20125/10
76561198188861328,Not Recommended,218640,24411215,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Vic,"I am not impressed. It gets pretty boring and repetitive pretty fast. Including the idea is rather bland, simple minded, unoriginal, and many aspects of the game are very dull. Many of its ""missions"" have too little guidance and leaves too much for you to figure out on your own by some miracle. And there are also poor graphics which should not effect gameplay however in numerous occasions graphics glitches occur and materials often clip. There is alot that needed to be worked on in this game, it may  have some potential to be decent...somewhere in there, but I don't see it. I strongly recomend that you do not play this game. Honestly, this game should be free, there is absolutely no reason at all for it to be $ 9.99. If you were to pay one dollar for this, you would be paying two dollars too much."
,Not Recommended,218640,17771458,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Dad Yells at Me,it ♥♥♥♥in sucks
,Recommended,218640,34244447,Posted: 14 August,all,Ethan #FREETAYK,yoU KILL PEOPLE.
,Recommended,218640,12705937,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,✠GreenGarnish✠,Finally i've been waiting for so long to play this game lel.it's alright although there have been some glitches and bugs i've come across to but that didn't stop the experiencestoryline 6/10gameplay 7/10graphics 9/10voiceacting 6/10= 7/10 it's average give it a try m9
,Not Recommended,218640,31347763,Posted: 24 April,all,unicorno,autism
76561197966687258,Not Recommended,218640,12743194,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sebastian A. [DK],"the game is okey, but it just to hard. i had to look at youtube all the time just to finish it, it reminds me of hitman, find objectes and do the kill. but this game has some bugs, so i was you just skip this game and buy something else."
,Recommended,218640,9989478,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,เน็ตทรูหน้าหี,เยด พูดถถึงเกมนี้มันมีฉาก ***** 555+ ตลับๆๆ กันเลยที่เดียว
,Recommended,218640,23891052,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mashishi,"fun game, just don't play it if you're under 10 years old, there are enough underage psychopath killers in this world  we don't want another. Worth playing this game though not worth buying the second game"
76561198093358567,Not Recommended,218640,24790346,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Sm[A]sh - Revenite,No save option.
76561198106935888,Not Recommended,218640,31346923,Posted: 24 April,all,✪ bulgaria ✪,bad in the achievements dosent know how to spell person in plural
76561198025658092,Not Recommended,218640,26082459,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,PracticalPotato,"The controls are nigh-impossible to work with. On top of which, the game lags incredibly hard. Would not buy again."
76561198076487302,Not Recommended,218640,10151219,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,StingBull,"Cutscene to gameplay ratio is abysmal. The game constantly tries to be serious and it fails spectacularly. Everyone else but that dopey♥♥♥♥♥kid looks possessed. Luficer, the lord of all evil, is just an avarage creepy uncle apparently... This game has a lot of problems. In short it, lacks in polish.Buy this game if you want to have fun not with the game but at the expense of the game."
,Recommended,218640,30232508,Posted: 27 February,all,GieTech,I knew I was the reincarnated devil.
,Recommended,218640,19575656,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,lil c nj CSGOnecro.com,"Great game, classic, and I beat it within the four hours I played. Not worth buying for the $10, asI bought it on sale for $1, so I would wait until then."
,Recommended,218640,17708747,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Witwicky13,is a good game Good story but when you kill a black people is kinda' racist you know?
,Recommended,218640,31919443,Posted: 23 May,all,SELLING THIS ACC HMU,sweg
76561198077780380,Not Recommended,218640,32031618,Posted: 28 May,all,getupkid10,"interesting concept with overall poor execution. maybe grab it on sale if you're curious, but not worth playing past the first few chapters."
,Not Recommended,218640,15318090,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Scuzyfuzywuzy,Half the time I don't know where I am supposed to go and the game is just plain slow and boring
,Recommended,218640,18070971,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Aroa Renau,HAIL SATAN!!! 9/11-IGN
76561198046600984,Not Recommended,218640,26434066,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Yari Ashigaru,"I don't get the wow feeling when killing people, just the meh generic feeling."
,Recommended,218640,13680694,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,WOAH,"Totes just became the antichrist, What a good way to spend a sunday."
76561198160543205,Recommended,218640,26375942,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,{BULGARIA} IceKnight,its Unical game
76561198297519419,Recommended,218640,28876358,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,BlackSmith,Nice Game!!
,Recommended,218640,23028309,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Goblin,HOW did i miss this AMAZING game until now!? IT IS AMAZING!! you basically play as Damian from the Omen... and it's HELL ON EARTH! hahaha!!
76561198056840201,Not Recommended,218640,14503973,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Hallowlean,They took my ball
76561198196210567,Not Recommended,218640,18885488,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,crystalhay,"I don't really know what to say but when i was trying to play it was messing up, I can't do the first kill because the maid wouldn't go in the freezer and one of my friends said it was laggy and buggie so i don't know what to do with it"
,Not Recommended,218640,14386699,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Heikai,"Lucius is an unpolished game with a unique setting. The game is totally linear and there is no freedom to try different things. It's no Hitman. It plays more like a point'n click game so there is absolutely no challenge at all once you know what to do. The puzzles were either very easy or just frustrating imo. I wouldn’t call any of them “challenging”.I ran into some bad AI interactions and minor bugs as well. The npcs repeated the same lines over and over again and they often spoke on top of each other. Towards the end it got annoying to hear Nancy (the main character’s mom) constantly ask you to do laundry when I had already completed the chore very early on. The game crashed a few times and one time I clipped through the staircase wall to the outside of the manor. I also ran into many minor flaws which made the game feel unpolished.Still, it was a somewhat enjoyable experience and worth the 1,89€ I paid for it. In my opinion you should only consider buying Lucius if it’s on big sale and the premise sounds interesting to you."
,Not Recommended,218640,24367891,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Depsyy,"Boring game with no choices to make.AI has terrible line of sight issues, detecting you through walls and doors sometimes."
,Not Recommended,218640,33720917,Posted: 22 July,all,Hayleeey,"Doesn't really live up to the hype it got on YouTube. I thought I would try it out after seeing how popular it got and I was very dissapointed, it ran very slow and honestly wasn't as fun people made it out to be. If you really want to try it I would suggest buying it in the sale."
,Recommended,218640,31726287,Posted: 13 May,all,Fork,"Lucius, the boy, the myth, the legend"
,Recommended,218640,14495514,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,TNovix,"Saw a person, killed themSaw another person, killed them tooOh and saw another person...killed themBut I did see the Devil, I didn't kill him"
,Recommended,218640,17823138,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,a negro boy,">Woke up>Slapped my mum's♥♥♥♥♥♥>She said ""Lucius, clean your room"">Stole Gene's matches>Cleaned my room and got 25 good boy points>Stole a screwdriver and broke the oven>Slapped her♥♥♥♥♥♥again>She told me to brush my teeth>I did and got another 25 good boy points>Gene lit his cigarette and the oven blew his head off>Mum walks past while I'm standing in a pentagram>Game Over10 / 10 would get rekt by me mum again"
76561198085325878,Recommended,218640,17712730,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,DIO,PornKillingSatanisimEverything You Need To Satisfy Your Devil-ish needs98-100
76561198237393298,Not Recommended,218640,35152544,Posted: 23 September,all,Pickle Rick,♥♥♥♥
76561198032164748,Recommended,218640,20244839,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,My_Rating_For_Steem_Is_Zero_thou,"It's fun being a little evil in this ode to The Omen. Controller works well except for scrolling the diary text. If you like to read everything, it can be an issue, unless you use the mouse wheel to scroll through."
,Not Recommended,218640,25901753,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,missfranju,"Not bad graphics = GreatYou play as the villain = InterestingDarker plotline = Doesn't happen oftenActual playtime is about 6-7h = Okay for meTo get 100% achievement you have to play for 40h = What the f***!Who thought this was a good achievement! It's tedious as ....! Other than that it's okay. If you're going to buy it, then only do it while it's on sale!"
76561198035294703,Not Recommended,218640,23968566,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,PUPH3AD,yay im son of satan this is going to be fun!....... god this game sucks..
76561198065764151,Recommended,218640,29907664,Posted: 13 February,all,doushuoniudeda,good game，graphic bit old though
,Recommended,218640,25601872,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Likely Hates You ♛,its a good
,Recommended,218640,12699667,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Sheriff Ace,10/10 Jesus and barney simulator
76561198037923480,Not Recommended,218640,33780417,Posted: 24 July,all,ZOMBIE,"Very badly optimized...don't expect a smooth framerate EVER no matter how good your system is, and if you play this game for more than 2 levels it WILL crash...WOULD NOT RECOMMEND."
,Recommended,218640,18066025,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,JoTech,You Can kill people and you can do it with a ball or a tricycle. 10/10
76561198293853951,Recommended,218640,22503312,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,FlamingGodGaming,Cool game with cool stuff to do
,Not Recommended,218640,33156785,Posted: 2 July,all,Meme Lord,Basically Hitman without the choices + levels.
,Recommended,218640,14324624,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,"RSI, 404 hand not found",WORTH EVERY PENNYMUST PLAY
76561198058246504,Recommended,218640,22696574,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,-*-error-*-,"So, my internet isn't great, and yet I really wanted Lucius. So I got it and downloaded it overnight.During the night, I had the weirdest dreams ever. When I woke up, I looked at the download. It had finished, but when I glanced at the download meter, I noticed that the highest kb/s it had reached was 66.6.666/666, would be cursed by Satan again"
,Recommended,218640,17887215,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Skrrt Skrrt,udah beli 6k eh taunya di ga 10k kuncibtw gamenya keren bingits sesuai genre gw
76561198010115385,Not Recommended,218640,14818378,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,darkhalo6,bugie and bording as hell
76561198134050369,Recommended,218640,28808276,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,petertheotter,"Good game with good graphics. You control a kid (the son of Lucifer) who is able to use telekinesis and others superpowers to kill people that you hate, but you have to hide your murder as an accident.SO, use your brain and kill all these ♥♥♥♥ing people you hate and improve your mind.I really recommend this game same if your action's circle is limited."
,Not Recommended,218640,7855855,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Shine,"Lucius starts out promising, but completely fails to deliver any interesting gameplay. The entire game feels like a tutorial, holding your hand and slowly introducing new concepts on the way. Every ""puzzle"" is either incredibly obvious or makes no sense, but is either way handed to you.The various powers you are given are only useful in very specific situations and sometimes plain don't work since the puzzle does not call for them.All in all, highly disappointing from something so promising."
,Not Recommended,218640,11584516,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Grognard_87,"Unlike real games, Lucius gives you almost no hints. It's a 3rd person game where you use your powers to murder people as you play as the son of the devil. More people you kill, the more your power grows in the story. The first time is a tutorial and basically tells you how to kill the first person and you're told each and every new target you get a hint in the jurnal. The hint is invisible to me or doesn't give me much of a suggestion. I was meant to kill some guy who smoked, ok. I realised damaging the gas on the cooker would be the point, however I had no idea how to make him go into the kitchen and light up.A very interesting idea, but it falls flat and the arm animation on the characters seem a little...off."
,Recommended,218640,32152883,Posted: 3 June,all,Tbaggin-Dragon,Fun game.
76561198131058653,Not Recommended,218640,30461357,Posted: 11 March,all,admiral,Frustrating game. It has more bugs than a college student's apartment and falls flat when it comes to story. The game looked so appealing but then it was not what I expected at all. This game had more potential than my deadbeat dad.
,Recommended,218640,12675234,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Sass Master,You get to kill a guy with a saw using telekinesis 10/10 would recommended to those under 12 with Satanic urges.
76561198043449085,Not Recommended,218640,31314903,Posted: 23 April,all,l2plur,"Is not worth downloading even for free. 10 FPS on low settings., on a laptop that runs Doom on ultra settings at 35 FPS. Very disappointed, do not recommend."
76561198314790060,Recommended,218640,29800948,Posted: 9 February,all,#¤¨¤¸¤#Hacker #ShotSkill,Its so good game. Just buy
,Recommended,218640,14092831,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Daikee,Lucius name should be Satans-Little-Helper...
,Recommended,218640,27716214,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PARALYSIS,"Although the story is just filled with plot holes and therefore unimaginable, I did enjoy the concept. The cinematopgraphy was incredible and a joy to view (just look at the screenshots I took), however they were unsupported by poor voice acting throughout. The only voice actor I found believable was the actor playing Will.Further, the games way of giving you a certain item to display hints on your hud was flawed as it didn't just show you hints specificially for the mission you were on, but instead, (I kid you not), it showed you hints for future missions aswell creating total confuson.An example of a plot hole I identified:-There is no way Lucius' parents are fine with never hearing Lucius' voice before, actually no one should be. However, they live day to day fine with it. Further, everyone in the house doesn't seen affected by the murders in the manor expect for the mother displaying a natural character arc.TL;DR:+Great game, great cutscenes, interesting concept- Poor voice acting, flawed help system, can't sympathise with characters due to lack of intentions and character arc."
76561198034407336,Not Recommended,218640,27218262,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,76561198034407336,a game that is a hitman clone. it functions in almost the exact same way but can only kill targets in 1 very specific way. not to mention game breaking bugs that causes the game to crash. for example choosing puzzle option and throwing 2 specific tables causes the game to crash. last boss so to speak that you need to kill cant be done atleast not for me. all my powers were disables and could only run around
,Not Recommended,218640,10236794,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,Don't waste your time.This game is soooo freakin BORING!!!I had to take a nap after playing.
76561198248211252,Not Recommended,218640,23027441,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,VactionGuy,boo
76561198079225501,Not Recommended,218640,26463442,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,MBHX,this is the worst garbage that i have ever played... i want my 2.99 back
76561198028171483,Recommended,218640,14968749,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Friendly,A pedophile touched me after this ;(
,Recommended,218640,24822229,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Eagle_GuardVegas,"well this game is really something ive never played just appears in mylibrary so i did buy when i t was appearing so since its techically not there heres part a lemon cake recipe (NOT THE FULL RECIPE)Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). ...In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. ...Pour batter into prepared pans. ...To make filling: In medium saucepan, mix together 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1/2 cup lemon juice and 1 tablespoon cornstarch until smooth."
76561198149315596,Not Recommended,218640,30754948,Posted: 26 March,all,Grievous,"Bu ne amk, Oyun değil sanki film! Sinematikten ibaret. Sadece birkaç dakika oynadım ve hayatımdaki en sıkıcı dakikalardı."
,Recommended,218640,28940081,Posted: 2 January,all,RIS00,"First time I finished Lucius it was cool, but on second time it wasn´t bad but it´s not game you would like to play many times...but I can´t say anything bad on itso 10/10"
,Recommended,218640,34608187,Posted: 30 August,all,dfmcvn,hu`Dang so vai L
,Recommended,218640,14317981,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,PigBear,Devilishly good fun. ^-^ Can't wait for the second installment.
,Not Recommended,218640,14337539,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,タカンカ,"Okay. so pretty pointless, the veiws make it hard to sewe because the size of the kids stupid head is always in the way, the graphics look like a N64 game & it was soooooo boring, I will never get those hours back!Thank you for wasting my time!(That was sarcasiom, I hate you for wasting my time & hope you fall of the grand cannonion!)"
76561198210253355,Not Recommended,218640,31232933,Posted: 19 April,all,Prince of Darkness,Loading times make me want to kill myself.
,Not Recommended,218640,16245203,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/Andre9704,"No fun allowed on this oneThe game lacks everything it has promissedToo much linear and too much hints, you don't feel freedom in this game at all"
,Recommended,218640,23238086,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,۞۩KimR۩۞,"This game is more fun than being satan himself.it's worth buying even doe it's old a lil, but still one of the greatest games that never would never die. <3COME TOGETHERTOGETHER AS ONECOME TOGETHERFOR LUCIFER'S SON─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good Game███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────"
76561197998197307,Recommended,218640,22952167,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Small dick; Fat tits,holy ♥♥♥♥ this house is big
,Recommended,218640,22066703,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Nols,Meh
,Recommended,218640,1700652,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,ChrisG,"Great concept, graphics for a game like this it's okay. You are Lucius, a little boy and a killer. It's like (Hitboy) ;) and movies like ""The Omen""You can open every drawer and cabinet, turn on/off every light. You can unlock 5 specials like telekinesis. You have an inventory and you can combine stuff. People talk to you and if you listen you can get infos about your next kill. If you finishes a job you get a final sequence with your kill which is mostly very violently and brutal bloody. Not for kids... but with kids. XD-Points for too lineary story. Every kill has only 1 solution. Find this solution is sometimes really hard. You have to check out the big house for every little piece you maybe need. Try everything and you will find your way.Another -Point for the ending. 1st it was terrible hard, 2nd it was harder if you dont know what to do and 3rd, it was too short. Final Fight and immediatly Credits.Price is ok and i was entertained.  7/10"
,Not Recommended,218640,25043615,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Blood,It was fun killing people.2/10
,Not Recommended,218640,12122121,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,henryx2014,rubbish graphics boring gameplay a botched job do NOT RECCOMEND
,Not Recommended,218640,29758650,Posted: 7 February,all,Lokis Wolf,I am usually an unbelievably patient person. It take a lot for me to quit a game and decide it was a waste of time.
,Recommended,218640,29330917,Posted: 17 January,all,epsilon,I love Jesus <3
76561198035335098,Not Recommended,218640,30125818,Posted: 23 February,all,James!!!!,Not worth anyone's time.
,Recommended,218640,9725842,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Review Brah,eyh
,Not Recommended,218640,35206978,Posted: 25 September,all,ℬonnie's ℳann,Slow.  Linear.
,Recommended,218640,9089875,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,e1ectRo-,👍
,Not Recommended,218640,14107954,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Vesp,AHAHAHAHA OMG ♥♥♥♥ THIS IS HORRIBLE DO NOT PICK THIS TITLE UP EVEN ON A 99% OFF SALE. IT IS ♥♥♥♥ING FULL OF BUGS AND RUNS LIKE A SNAIL THROUGH A SEA OF♥♥♥♥♥♥WORD OF ADVICE DO NOT PUNISH YOURSELF BY HAVING THIS IN YOUR LIBRARYNO WAY IN HELL IS THIS WORTH A SINGLE CENT!
,Recommended,218640,24777130,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Fiveros™,666 KID 666
76561198118552880,Recommended,218640,24749772,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,UNCLE GUBSY,dont walk into the room or its game over
,Not Recommended,218640,32230758,Posted: 6 June,all,Aloof_Panda,Bad voice acting and bad story. A horrid game. Idk why I liked it as a kid when it came out. Had to use a guide most of the time.
,Recommended,218640,31080370,Posted: 11 April,all,MI LANA󠀡󠀡,nah good game
,Not Recommended,218640,33021188,Posted: 29 June,all,boris,IM FUQING DELETING SO I DONT SPAWN SATAN
76561198155270927,Not Recommended,218640,16731348,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,DE JOKUR,you play as a kid killing his family for satan. how ♥♥♥♥d up is that .... i mean cmon gabe you are our lord and saviour how do you allow such things.. i lost faith in you gaben.. now im an atheist.0/8 lost faith in gaben and became an atheist
,Not Recommended,218640,31223700,Posted: 18 April,all,ShadowMeder society.gg,sincerely i like the game but when i enter i press play and those it loads the game then it say can't load (something) i wanna know how to get my dollar back i know its just a dollar but i can buy other games with a dollar
76561198356387262,Not Recommended,218640,30975104,Posted: 6 April,all,Theanimeotaku62,"The game story is terrible, plus the fact the kid kills everyone gets tiresome after a while."
,Recommended,218640,12684153,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,anal prolapse,...Huh I guess I liked it.
,Recommended,218640,28338290,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,-I-_R4MBO_-I-,Hail Satan!
76561198210055385,Not Recommended,218640,24471923,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,dragondath95,This game is just 0 out of 100
76561198006568043,Not Recommended,218640,12593181,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Horadriccube,"fun game but not worth, becuse it last like 8 hours...(and the game has some bugs at the end . but you can be lucky and not get any as well)Loved the game otherwise..."
76561198153989686,Not Recommended,218640,33828080,Posted: 27 July,all,LovingYoung,"This game reveals the rooted evil in people's heart. I'mextremely uncomfortablewhile playing this game.If you live in a happy life and are try to be a virtuous person, this game is not recommended.If you are in a big pressure and what you want is just killing someone in game, this game is for you."
76561197992970282,Recommended,218640,1413132,"Posted: 12 November, 2012",all,Denny Crane,"This game is incredible. Idependece allows alot more freedom in creative choices. If you like unhindered murder and evil, play this game. Denny Crane highly recomends it."
,Not Recommended,218640,24785642,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,✯UncomfortableKing✯,Boring af
76561198213212564,Not Recommended,218640,34813073,Posted: 8 September,all,MMR's just a Number!,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,218640,18145281,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Dizzy,Can brake bottles of vine!10/10 broken bottles of vine! :wasted:
,Not Recommended,218640,14320579,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Staemboat,dogshit
,Not Recommended,218640,30564238,Posted: 16 March,all,Crawling in my Crawl,"Start.jpgNew game""Oooh padlock, wait, Fuuuuuuck I have to kill the maid I like""Satan.jpg""burn motha♥♥♥♥a""Satanagain.pngLucius is in the ground, no legsAlt + F4"
,Recommended,218640,14107127,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Vulpix,I want a devil son in my family and i put all my friends inside and whiper to there ears....Soon....then i will my son alot of deadly toys and give him powers and kill all my friends and we do our evil laug- he stab me in the back.... :/  *ded*1/1 best evil child10/10 good chores10/10 best sex seene10/10 best story...i think?0/10 cant poop on floor like a 5 year old10/10 best pick up underwear5/10  take photo of porn and sell it of internet (its sad because there no internet were they live :( )10/10 awesome evil laugh10/10 worse grammer need help LOL0/10 cant take seife10/10 best peeking hole in bathroom2/10 awful voice acter4/10 deaths10/10 can burn popes10/10 best endings10/10 alot of 10/1010/10 need help10/10 can shoot a gun10/10 can no scope0/10 no FPS10/10 better guns better cars and bikes then gta 510/10 best child hairUPDATE:when the ♥♥♥♥ did i make this Review?
76561198373245686,Not Recommended,218640,31541739,Posted: 4 May,all,brookenicole1983,"This is just a rip off of the movie The Omen,,,,well it tries to be. The graphics and mechanics are good but the game is all over the place. I never finished it."
,Recommended,218640,30946693,Posted: 4 April,all,Lord Spycrab,Spooky
,Recommended,218640,31922461,Posted: 23 May,all,Scott Drew,Step 1: Tidy your room...Step 2: Tidy your mums ♥♥♥♥ing bushStep 3: kill your mums ♥♥♥♥ing bushStep 4: gay anl porn black jews fun time.
,Not Recommended,218640,32347742,Posted: 11 June,all,John Hookman,Too ♥♥♥♥ing demonic
76561198054470787,Not Recommended,218640,23924765,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,eat a dick up till you hicup,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░ DO NOT BUY THIS GAME░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄ LUCIUS_ . ▄ ░▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,218640,32013768,Posted: 28 May,all,CannibalNinja,yikes
,Recommended,218640,30905656,Posted: 2 April,all,Becca♥,ez
,Not Recommended,218640,26402847,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Todd the Computer Programmer,I'm christian.
,Not Recommended,218640,30760389,Posted: 26 March,all,Gaming.Master,"EVIL BUT STUPID GAME, DROP IT AND SAME FOR LUCIUS 2, THAT LOOKS SAME.I DIDN'T LIKE IT AT ALL;- NO LINKS BETWEEN MISSIONS- NO ANY POINT OF MISSIONS- UNSMOOTH GAMEPLAY- WEAK GRAPHICS- SILLY DISGNES- NO IDEAS- ........- ......- ....- .."
76561198143506821,Not Recommended,218640,29847169,Posted: 11 February,all,DumpGrumpleskin,I only played the game because I heard you see Boobs. It wasent even hot because you kill her with a hair dryer.Boner lost.
,Recommended,218640,14232096,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,rss,"Not bad at all, but a bit disappointing at the same time.I must admit that I was neverthat big fan ofOmenmovies, but I know them quite well, which made me wondering if this game will try to replicate and refer to it, as the main character, place, and story seems quite, well, familiar for everyone who watched Omen.As for the story - it's simple, slowly progressing as you make your next kills. Not much to say about it - probably could be a bit better seeing that all adults seem really clueless. But oh, this is the part of the fun.Graphics and music are also okay- I wasn't experiencing any sudden drop rates or weird rendering bugs - it's alright. I don't pay much of attention to graphics as long as they are fine-tuned. Animations and cutscenes are good, but the fact that little Lucius is keeping his poker face all the time is weird, or scary either. As for music, I wouldn't expect more. the single track that keeps repeating in the background while playing is matching game's atmosphere.IBut as for gameplay.Eh, here we go. The game itself isn't that sophisticated, I would call it fairly easy, but...Yeah. I've been playing adventure games for quite a long time but Lucius left me annoyed at times. Looking for a small, few pixels big object to break, or item to pick up isn't the way. And this brings up another topic. There's only one way to complete game. Everyone's way to hell is planned by developers and you need to follow it. No exceptions. You can't lit on fire a cute lady that is supposed to be poisoned. You can't shoot her in the face and then mind control the cop who caught you into committing suicide with the same gun. For obvious reasons - this isn't a sandbox game and any non-linear deaths would cause the whole scripted story-line to collapse. As for the length of the game - took me around eight hours to complete. Could be better. Why aren't people trying anymore?There are some bugs, some of them causing the game to crash (picking up dad's ammunition for the second time).I know that Lucius 2 is around the corner and it's promised to be the different game, making up for some of its precursor mistakes. We shall see.6/10 - Original game concept, but disappointing gameplay.+ Game concept, because there's nothing better than killing your family members on cold, winter night.+ Game length. Of course, another hour or two wouldn't be bad.+ Heh, son of satan.- Too linear.- Some annoying gameplay stuff."
,Recommended,218640,10471967,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Fortunato,"I just spent the last 6 hours playing through this insane game - and I loved every minute of it!As the classic narrative goes (closest resemblance here is Rosemary's Baby), Satan is invoked to claim a child as his offspring - that  would be our protagonist Lucius. He then continues to teach the boy in the sick ways of doing his bidding - the player takes over this role then. There is a total of 18 chapters and each contains a mission to creatively murder one or several people in a way that pleases his Dark Lordship, all while avoiding any suspicion and planting false clues and evidence.Technically this game is well done. The graphics will certainly not win any prices, especially the textures of the surroundings, but on the other hand, the effects look good and the characters show a variety of body language, facial expressions and are lip-synced. The gamneplay/controls and what little menu (inventory) you need are smooth and fine as they are. I especially liked the audio: a variety of atmospheric music (and the annoying music on the tape that you will sooner or later hand to the driver - which is meant to be that way :D ) and good voice actors.Overall, this game is unique: it's sadistic, dark and twisted, sometimes even humorous (depends on your kind of humor of course ;) ). The kill sequences, that crown your triumph at the end of each chapter, are a bizarre and wonderfully gruesome mix of sensation and childlike wonder - in the way children sometimes enjoy litting ants on fire and the like. An always fascinating and gripping ride from start to finish. 85% in my book."
76561198097312123,Recommended,218640,10799366,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,tHe_gReeN_GiR,WAS OKAY not really a fun end
76561198082431907,Recommended,218640,10630347,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SoulTaker,This is one of the best games I have ever played!
76561198126381989,Recommended,218640,10013468,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Meeps,"No other game like it out there. I love it.The graphics are still amazing when turned down.The voice acting, setting, and music really bring you into Lucius' world.I will be very disapointed if there is not a Lucius 2!"
76561198079463036,Recommended,218640,10000788,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Lucky Luciano,Even though that the deaths are scripted it is still a fun and funny game to play that will last you a while.
,Recommended,218640,7502413,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,ToxicLime [Lucifer Xain Reaper],a awsome game if you like playing a innocent little kid that go arounds and kill his family :)
,Recommended,218640,9188442,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Ryu,"Quite fun. A little irritating on occasion, but all in all, worth every penny. I suggest you give it a go."
76561198072587493,Recommended,218640,6693762,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,armyguy621,this is an awesome game i ever played in my life but for my computer it laggs
,Recommended,218640,10152335,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Thropian,"Decent gameplay and an interesting storyline, but vague puzzles, abilities being a bit confusing, and bad graphics bring the game down. 7/10. Still worth a try.Gameplay: The gameplay worked out well and fit the game's theme. You had to pick up things and use powers while appearing to be a normal non suspicious child. If someone saw you with a gun, or psychically moving things around, you'd lose the level and have to start over. There were also side quests (or chores) you could do to get extra rewards to help you solve the levels. A weegie board to give riddle tips, a music box that gave limited use to see useful items around, but the last was a tricycle which was akward to maneuver through the halls and wasn't really worth getting.Storyline: The storyline is well written and you can see bits of it happening while you walk around mid level. The characters all talk to you and will make comments about what all is happening which helped to expand the story. Add onto it the narrator explaining what all he saw going on and the connections he made after all was said and done being excellent really made the game worth while.Puzzles: Not really sure they are puzzles, but the levels had you do a series of tasks you had to figure out to get someone killed. The first few levels were easy enough to figure out how to do them, the narrator explaining that something was learned from that death that was important for you to use during it. The later levels became overly vague on what you were doing, one of the levels being explained with ""She is doing laundry."" If you followed her around, she walked between a few places but you had to break something on the other side of the room to be able to kill her.Abilities: As the game progresses, you get new powers. These powers level up as you get kills. There is no choice on what ability you level, nor is there an explanation of what these levels do. As far as I could tell, it was tracking progress through the game more than anything. To make things a little more complicated, some levels would start off with a tutorial on how to use an ability, then the level would prevent you from using it. The last ability even being removed from your ability choices after you get it. Though this was oddly done, each ability did get use at some point.Graphics: Blocky and weird. I don't mind blocky graphics, aslong as I can tell what everything is, but a character would pick up an item in a video sequence and the object would move seperately from their hand. A little bit of effort would be appreciated in that, if it was part of gameplay and the other characters moved things around I could understand, but it was a predone video.I had to look up walkthroughs for a few levels which frustrated me that the levels were too vague, but that could just be me. The graphics were still irelivant to my enjoyment and the abilities were easy enough to figure out the limits on my own."
,Recommended,218640,10203481,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Aux (Deceased),The son of an Ogrelord is given the task to kill everybody. Freakin Flawless
,Recommended,218640,10877495,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hexus,"A really fun game, there are some bugs... But worth the money"
76561198090784902,Recommended,218640,11393718,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Only-Me!,Sooo Good! >:)
,Recommended,218640,11396652,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,ynto,"Rating: 8/10This game was actually pretty fun (in twisted meaning), with nice graphics and creepy soundtrack. The whole story is situated in one huge manor, and there are many cutscenes before and after ""murder"", so besides enjoying great ""puzzle-solving"" game-play, you also have a feeling like watching a movie, pretty sick movie about demonic child. Every death is unique and requires time to figure out how to manage it (some are quite tough)."
76561198114110892,Recommended,218640,11538080,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,DaysoftheAmber,Super fun especially if you enjoy causing people pain and most of the time...-> (death) ^-^
76561198037265245,Recommended,218640,11421177,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,halcenion,"It's entertaining, but starts to get a little repetitive after a while. Eventually, the novelty of essentially playing as the kid from The Omen wears off and the simplistic nature of ""gain a new psychic power, kill a person with it"" starts to get old."
,Recommended,218640,12193095,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,ღButtercupღ,"This game is not about graphics nor about how long or short it is. The game is set in the perfect mood. One thing I don't like its the idea of how slow you are even when running. I can say this game at least gets a 8/10 and that's because it can also be a tad boring at times. The ending of the game was not cool, mostly because you are left hanging with the ""what happened?"" and it isn't funny. But over all, I believe you should give it a try"
,Recommended,218640,12181293,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Lordgrapejuice,"Lucius has a very interesting concept behind it. The idea of playing the monster that is murdering people without others finding out about it is very brutal but a cool idea. However, this game has multiple problems with controls and communication. This causes simple puzzles to be both difficult to figure out and difficult to execute once you know the solution.Overall, I would NOT recommend Lucius, but I support the ideas behind it and look forward to another game like it that has better puzzle and control design."
,Recommended,218640,12037933,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,MARCSAMILLION,Bring on Lucius 2!!
76561198106646325,Recommended,218640,12022089,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Derek,Get to play as Satan's son.11/10- IGN
,Recommended,218640,12140430,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,MasterBaite,The graphics are ok.The plot it's pretty nice.It's cool that you have to do bad things and kill people to be more powerfull.The SFX and BG Music are good.The movements are kinda weird... Lucius looks like he is walking on a slippery floor
76561198123099827,Recommended,218640,11963546,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,SirLeiden,other images glitching onto the screen repeatedly while trying to play and while in the menu
,Recommended,218640,11961172,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Wrecker,kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family kill your family
,Recommended,218640,12076347,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,MorgueGirl,"This game is awesome! it has a good atmosphere, and the puzzels are amazing! it kind of reminds me of the movie The Omen... great movie BTW it has Omen (being a 5 year old boy) and Lucius (a 6 year old boy) killing other people, but Lucius has Lucifers powers. And i like that a lot lol. but if a 6 year old with Lucifers powers ever tries to kill me IRL i would probally cry ;-; but like i said, Amazing game and i would really recommend that you play this! <3"
76561198186842770,Not Recommended,218640,21280253,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,msnquake,no this game runs like♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,218640,21369490,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,FaZe_sUiCiDe,"Have you ever felt like murdering innocent strangers or even your whole family?Have you ever wanted to be an evil, satanic 8 year old?Have you ever wanted to be in a cult?Well, now is your chance. Play as a satanic, ungrateful little♥♥♥♥♥♥who slowly murders everyone around him because he is part of the cult.This game is recommended if YOU have ever wanted to fulfill YOUR dream of becoming Satan."
76561198168222046,Recommended,218640,21407338,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Olivia,Best to vent your anger 9/10 because instruction wasn't clear and don't really say much it just let you explore but it was a pretty good game after all like serious
76561198136933421,Recommended,218640,21377318,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Micsarkgame,Good game
76561198222026412,Recommended,218640,21385305,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Monokuma,"I love watching peopleplaying the game.I don't like to play it myself.I love killing people, this game is funny and brings up good jokes on the way.But, since the game is old, I find the controlring system kinda annoying and buggy sometimes...Still recommending this game for people who want to record for youtube or play with friends!"
76561198148397238,Recommended,218640,21400259,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,❄PIKE CHU❄,"I got this game on sale and it was well worth the bucks and even at it's price now it's still a great game, though it reminds me of the movie The Omen, but you get to find stuff and use it to kill the peasants in your house, the game will have you running around the house finding specific items that you'll need or have to give since it's part of your chores, oh and you get to ride a Mother ♥♥♥♥ing Tricycle."
,Recommended,218640,21391168,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,4 mana 7/7,"Kill some people, get more powers, kill all people. Now i am lonlely. All ach in my pocket :)"
76561198001948307,Not Recommended,218640,21352811,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,IstouFIN,"pro- cool idea- big house to explore- musiccons-  Theres no hints where to go or what to do.- Damm big house gets boring when u have to wander around it over and over again.- Laggy- Glitchy- cant kill how u wantBuy it on sale, otherwise i dont recommend it. Liked it from the start , but after like 2 hours  im ready to abandon it gets so boring."
,Not Recommended,218640,18167517,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Nefos,"At first impression I thought this was going to be a demonic Hitman game but as I've further played this game I noticed this is more of a point-and-click adventure game. Concept is basically collect your items, find your target to eliminate and basically watch the person die. It doesn't really have freedom like the Hitman games unfortunately it's very linear. Quite honestly, the game is a little boring. You're just Lucifer's wild child and you go on a murduring rampage. Nothing too deep about it but it's built upon a generic horror flick. I guess the only thing that makes it worthwhile to see is seeing some pretty gorey cutscenes but other than that it's not worth the full price. I would suggest getting it on sale."
,Recommended,218640,18233781,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,ryN,IM SO EVIL.
,Recommended,218640,18186340,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,[|  聖夜   |],Stuck To The Wall10/10Would Stuck Again👍👌
76561198069879961,Recommended,218640,18308762,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Master Chibi,SILENCE!!!! I KILL YOU!!!!!
,Recommended,218640,17777735,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,$NIPER $OGEKING,is a fun game to play
,Not Recommended,218640,17764350,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Dr. Spaceman,"Great idea, sub-par execution.Also, what's with the devs adding 20 and 40 hour playtime ""achievements"" to a game that takes 7 hours to complete at most? That's insane considering it has literally zero replayability. You can't even decide how to off people, it's a linear story disguised as a sand-box ""hitman""-esque game.Perhaps the devil really is in the details?"
76561197970507720,Recommended,218640,17764356,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,jereth1,"Got it on sale for $1. After playing it, I feel I would have paid up to $10; just not the normal asking price of $20.  It is exactly what it says it is.  A puzzle horror game putting you in the devilish shoes of a 6 year old antichrist.  Pretty fun despite some flaws. Graphics aren't the best (but they work), lip sync is off sometimes during cut scenes which can take you out of the moment.  Some of the acting is a little cheesy but overall good performances.  One thing I wish was having more of a sandbox style for the killing.  You have to kill people in very specific ways during each chapter, no choices.  This is more akin to the old school point and click adventure games of the 90's (not in a bad way).  I also would have liked to see a first person mode since much of your time is spend looking for items.  When viewing as close as you can get in 3rd person the kids head blocks whatever the cursor is pointed at so you can't see it.  All in all a fun experience.  There is also a bonus game where you just try to kill priests using your fire spell, which was fun, but hard (they get into melee range and it's game over... damn crosses).  Great value for the price I paid.  If you enjoy old school horror movies like The Omen or Exorcist you will probably enjoy this game.  Find it for $10 or less I would recommend picking it up.If you are just looking for a slasher/shooter game go somewhere else, like I said this is a essentially a horror themed puzzle game.Additionally they also have a sequel to this game, and it seems to have added in more open ended ways to kill people.  Haven't tried it yet but thinking about checking it out."
,Recommended,218640,17870816,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Strangler,"Lucius is a point and click story that takes place at the sprawling mass that is Dante Manor. Reminiscent of everyone's favourite little demon seed, Omen, you've got a lot of work to do for your infernal majesty. Dante Manor is a large place, especially for a young lad like Lucius. With a plethora of corridors and rooms, it can sometimes be confusing (it was for me, for many chapters until I learned it like the back of my hand) to get around. Thus, becoming lost within its many chambers and lobbies.Your objective; reap souls for your true father. Sounds easy enough, right? Each specific kill requires you to carry out specific actions with certain items and sequences which can sometimes leave you scratching your head as you go delving into every room within the Manor looking for the one thing you need. Despite this, every kill is well thought out and creative, making your toiling worth the while when you see your victims eviscerated.The atmosphere within Dante Manor is somewhat of a two-faced creature. On one hand, during the day, you have the grandeur of the estate. Accentuated by its gothic trimmings in the form of the sound track and formality. It seems calm - as if all is well. Contrast that to the way it carries itself at night. The despair drenched piano pieces, bleak ambience and the all too pervasive echoing of footsteps and doors being used really inflames the urgency to remain undetected or even be swallowed up by the Manor itself.The only thing I can really discredit Lucius for is its few glitches that will require you to do no more than restart a chapter, I.E. being swallowed up by the Manor's walls or an NPC misbehaving. Overall, a great game that'll have you scratching your head on occasion and will even have you laughing if you have a taste for the macabre, accompanied by a  fitting soundtrack. I'd definitely kill again."
,Recommended,218640,17787208,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,AntiVVeaboo,satan boy1st version
76561198142701768,Recommended,218640,17806123,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Heyitsjayden31,"love this game,but its pretty challenging if youre not creative like me"
,Recommended,218640,17817943,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Gowhart,
,Recommended,218640,17816673,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,(Maxx),:)
76561198212567099,Recommended,218640,17821668,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,tattooedcoffeemug,good god...what have I done?
,Not Recommended,218640,17728564,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Send in the clowns,"Not enough hinted in the gameplay, and far too much is narrowly locked down to fit the deaths of each people. The game pretends to allow you some roaming ability and general freedom as you sneak around the house, but you quickly find you're basically on rails the entire time."
,Not Recommended,218640,17729290,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Newbee.Euwayne,what a boring♥♥♥♥♥game. unsensitive control and you have to sprint all the time he walk slow af. money wasted
,Recommended,218640,17729040,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,[デルタ]DeltaUnknown🐺,"This game contains some of the most old school and classic deaths ever just. wow i haven't seen those deaths since Tom & Jerry but instead now the victims actually. But admit it you probably jsut buyed this game because of the nudity didn't you, you probably got a dirty mind. well atleast you didnt't come for the story because that is♥♥♥♥♥♥ it develops poorly let me tell you the story and how it develops. Warning: absolutely jsut boring spoil;ers you probably already new. you turned 6 years old and find out you're the devils son great now go kill people in your household because your dad wants you to that. thats litarelly it. nothing changes! but ofcourse you came here to mess around or for the nudity. you probably came for the nudity (pssst the sex scene is random and the shower scene is at chapter 14 but you haven't heard that from me). and most importantly its a fun game, well if you have dark humor like i do its fun. the gameplay is oke to i guess doesn't have any replay value theres no secrets well theres one but you get there via story progression but for an open world game the fact that theres no secrets just dissapoints me.+Old School Deaths for all the people who came out there mother before the year 2000.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥+Naked Woman, Shower, nuff said.+Fun for people with a dark sence of humor.-♥♥♥♥♥♥ story-No replay valueThe game is fun and hilarious but if it had a better story or even the slightest bit of replay value it would had been a higher score. 6/10. The potentiol is there but the developers missed there change. i don't have much hope for the sequel being any better or even good at all but for that we have to wait and see."
,Recommended,218640,17733078,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,AngEalsh,"Multiverse Hitman game where Agent 47 grew up in an upper-class suburban home rather than a cloning facility, killing his entire family in his pyjamas."
,Recommended,218640,17731927,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Dead King,"Look at me, Lucius! It's all for you. [hangs self]"
76561198089104979,Not Recommended,218640,17733783,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Wirehead,"I got this game for 99 cents, which is good, because if I paid full price for it, I'd be angry. And the worst part about it is that the game had so much potential! I'm not against these kinds of stories. The Omen, The Exorcist, Rosemary's Baby, I own all three of them. Playing as Damien (I mean Lucius) should have been great!And for a while it was. The first few kills really did work, and I thought I got this game at a bargain. Loved the gore, too.Then it started sucking. Not the story. That part is good all around. I really enjoyed that aspect of it. And for a game like this, the visuals aren't terrible either. No, I'm talking about the quests themselves.Now, I'm not against difficult games. Far from it. But they sprinted across the line between difficult and next to impossible unless you know what to do next. For the majority of them, really. I appreciated the Ouiji board (first and last time I'll ever say that) for giving me the much needed clues to get a rough idea, but once I found my next victim, the game would basically go ""okay, kid, here's a giant mansion and a crappy map to get you through it. Go find this obscure item that you would have no reason to go looking for. Combine it with this other obscure item, then follow these contrived steps to get the kill.Now, this might have worked a little better if there were multiple ways to get a kill. And if the house were a little smaller. Not a lot, but just a touch. Then when you have no idea what to do, you don't have to spend half an hour looking through every room and drawer and hope you stumble across the next item. But nope, it's ""do this, then this, then this, then this.""Again, I'm not saying that I want the game to be easy. But I also don't want it so difficult that it's contrived.But I was willing to overlook all of that for the story. It really was interesting. Until...A game-breaking glitch.*sigh*So in one chapter, you have to kill a guy by using your fire powers to burn him to death. Like most video game bosses, he takes three hits. I fought him about five times, and this is how it went: 1. It worked fine, I just didn't have my strategy down. Fair enough. 2. I hit him, then he... disappears. You're in a small dungeon, so there's no place to hide. He just vanished, forcing me to re-start. 3. He's immune to your fire. 4. He's immune to fire. 5. He's immune to fire.At first I thought ""hey, I'm just missing. I mean, not sure how I can miss with a fireball bigger than I am, but whatever."" But repeatedly hitting him (in an area where the crosses were upside-down, mind you) with massive fireballs at point-blank range and not giving him a scratch lets me know, hey, this game is broken.I kinda want my 99 cents back. Difficulty bordering on being too contrived I can handle. It's irritating, but I can handle it. And they don't do it all the time. Sometimes you can figure it out with what they give you. But oftentimes I'd look up the solution, expecting to see something that made me go ""oh, I just missed that. Silly me"" and instead getting ""why on Earth would that be the next thing I do?""As a final note, something that amuses me about this game: the upside-down cross. I know it's a popular devil image and whatnot, but ironically so. It's supposed to be a symbol of defiance, but, if you read the history of it, it's actually a symbol of deep reverence and respect towards Jesus. The apostle Peter demanded to be crucified that way, as he didn't feel worthy of dying the same way his lord did. Just a funny note. I know symbols change and all that, but yeah.So overall, I'd give this game a 5/10. 5 for a great idea, decent visuals, good gore, some creativity, an a nice story, and -5 for... pretty much everything else."
,Recommended,218640,17734337,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Pig honey,"interesting game, nice storyline I'd give it 6.5/10"
,Recommended,218640,14389362,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Trooper,"TL;DR = I got to squash someones head under a grand piano, 10/10 would play again whilst playing again.Not a bad game really, played and completed this when it first came out and I remember thinking at the time it wasn't worth the full asking price but as I have now picked it on steam for 90% off it is an absolute steal.the subject matter is fairly original as I can't remember any other games that let you play as the son of the Devil a la Omen style (please feel free to comment if there are others like this so I can play them).Graphically it's not too bad at all and sound wise there is some good effects when you are roaming around setting up your little ""accidents"". Options wise, other than the ability to rebind keys and set resolution there aren't many PC options but in all honesty it doesn't really make a difference. I have played this both with a K/M and a 360 Joypad and there is no real difference both are good methods of control for this game.Buy this on sale play it get the trading cards (there are cards even though they aren't listed on the store page) and unleash your inner Devil."
,Recommended,218640,14354170,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,STRAX,"it is a bit limitted, i mean you cannot kill anyone that you want or how you want, but it's still a nice game."
76561198048908940,Recommended,218640,14397445,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Rile Slapcheek,Detective mcguffin versus Satanic Machina...I wasnt joking the detective is literally called mcguffin...This game is messed up...
76561198008718046,Not Recommended,218640,14397502,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mr. Have A Nice Day,"An aglamation of interesting concepts that don't quite bear fruit. By the time you get to the middle or late missions, you're checking your diary and trying to decipher the incredibly vague clues you've scribbled down for yourself. It's like having a DM in D&D running the Tomb of Horrors for your party, and he won't give you a straight damn answer no matter how well you roll."
,Recommended,218640,14403667,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,crubino69 2.0,9/10 would kill stuff again
,Recommended,218640,14404748,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ZiD,"got a tricycle.rode through a wall.got out from the manor. so happy. much free, very freedom. wow.rode till there's no road.fell off.forever falling. halp?haz porn.10/10"
,Recommended,218640,14410432,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ayy lmao top keks,"Almost impossible to figure it out without going crazy and quiting or checking an online walkthrough.Anyway, the game itself has an unique concept and storyline.+Very good for a puzzle game, and games like Penumbra and Amnesia, where you have to find items and know how and when to use them.-Bad optimization even for a game from 2012.+Graphics are above average of a 2012 game but poor customization overall. (No anti-aliazing, shadow configuration and I can't figure out if the resolution is actually the one I chose.)-Personally I expected more complexity from the game itself but the ""powers"" you get you use them not very often, and they become obnoxious.+The idea of the game is spectacular and i'd love to see a sequel."
,Recommended,218640,14374394,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Drakillon,"Very good game, very fun ! Only downside is that it is way too short. Was able to get all achievements except 2 before the end of my first playthrough.Still, highly recommended, buy it !Note that the game is averaging 5-7 hours in length. My gametime reflects time spent on 2 achievements that require 20 and 40 hours of being in-game."
,Recommended,218640,14421492,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,camper,Hitman + Harry Potter = LuciusIf you like Hitman you should like this
76561198053855957,Recommended,218640,14442107,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,HellaGangbusters,"I thought this game was rad, it lived up to my expectations 100%.This game has an awesome cinematic feel, and the visuals are pretty damn good. The voice acting is lackluster at most points, but there's occasionally a shred of real emotion and that's pretty nice.The puzzles are pretty neat too, there's a lot of forshadowing (whether on purpose or not) due to being able to see what you can use your abilities on, so it's pretty satisfying to finally use something you've had in your inventory for a while, Although it can be a pretty big boner to realize you need to go find an item you should have already come across. A couple of the puzzles seemed pretty obtuse and confusing, but I get that way with most games like this so that might be just me THANKFULLY the game offers a pretty basic hint thingy which is optional so you don't have to deal with spoiled answers!The only reaaaaaal downsides I have to say are that there are definitely some glitches. I've been launched through the stairs quite a few times and while it's hilarious it's also inconvenient, but I don't remember having any gamebreaking bugs or anything. Also for being sort of presented as a sandbox, the game is linear as hell and there's no room for variation which kinda sucks but it's still fun figuring out all the prebuilt sequences. Thankfully I hear the sequel is truly openended and has traps and such so heyyyyyyyyyyyyyI'M LOOKING FORWARD TO THE SEQUEL BECAUSE THIS GAME IS GOOD AND I WANT MORE"
,Recommended,218640,14489061,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,LIKEUCARE,"Lucius... aka Antichrist Simulator from Damien Thorn, in The Omen (1976) movie.The game itself plays a lot like the Hitman series, minus the shooting aspect. Like the game name says, you play as Lucius, a 6 years old (midway in the game, you get 7!) who was fortunate enough to had been born in a satanic invocation. It doesn't take long to go around, learn the basics and then, get on with it on your murder list!There isn't much to be said about this game, concerning the story and gameplay. It gets the job done and honestly, I can't understand the gaming industry bashing this game. I liked it mostly for all its numerous faults and cons and it was satisfying enough to keep me interested and playing till the end (game is about 6 hours long).PROS:+Antichrist antihero (feels weird and cool at the same time! Be THE creepy kid with powers!).+Creepy, tensed and gory atmosphere during the murder scenes.+Game is challenging enough to keep you guess the next step although, you can always get a walkthrough guide to speed things up!+Lots of exploring to do in this huge mansion.CONS:-Some gameplay mechanics weren't responsive fast enough, especially during that Chapter 10 stealth mission. Patrolling grownups could see me even well hidden through walls and doors.-Straightforward linear killing list.-At some chapters startup, the game lacks direction as to where to go, what to do as you roam around the big mansion aimlessly. Quite irritating! Better read a walkthrough as I sure did around Chapter 5. Also, the map could use refinement!-The chores side quests are really worthless and only time sink. I suggest you simply ignore them... well the ones that you can as some could be mandatory, like that tape cassette for Micheal.-Save-game mechanic is atrocious. No quick-save, no auto save midway in a mission. You are forced to start a chapter and finish it so you can be sure the game saves your progress there.OVERALL:Faulty game but entertaining enough (to me though) to keep you playing until the showdown. Lucius felt exactly like ""The Omen"" simulator and it was a decent entry for this franchise. I do expect the sequel to surpass this game especially on the visual aspect as it is very lackluster (yes, game looks quite ugly), the gameplay mechanics and game direction with a better pathing on a reliable map.RECOMMENDATION:Loved The Omen movie and loves creepy adventure styles game? This game is for you! Just, wait for a decent deal before forking you dough in this game.RATING:666 / 666...6.66 / 10"
76561197993738075,Recommended,218640,14552510,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Romdream,Got pushed outside of front door on last mission.  Last boss(?)  couldn't get me.10/10
,Not Recommended,218640,14566044,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,thingdead,"Lucius is a fantastic concept but it does fall short of the promise of it's early trailers. Playing any game as the antagonist, let alone the antichrist, is a tough balance to pull off as we need to be drawn into the character despite their actions. Unfortunately the gameplay is so linear with no real choice over who dies/how we are entirely alienated from the main character and their motivations. They are a silent cipher unquestioningly carrying out commands. Whilst this is not dissimilar to many point and clicks, guybrush threepwood had a personality that carried you through.There are other good factors about lucius such as clear intentioned level design and a dark humour that has great potential. These are not on their own redemptive enough and I would reccomend that you buy this game only in a sale or otherwise skip on to lucius 2."
,Not Recommended,218640,14651393,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Darksalchemist,"Rather then a horror game or a game that stresses freedom of choosing whom the character kills, this game is more of a puzzle game... Figuring out how to linearly kill another character whithout getting caught... Not what I expected."
,Recommended,218640,14653219,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Febo,"THIS DOES CONTAIN SOME SPOILERS, BUT IT IS MUCH EASIER TO MAKE EVERYTHING A SPOILER!Lucius is an outstanding game where you play as a 6 year old boy born on 6-6-1966. Somehow he is the son of Lucifer and notices him as his father, and thus he gains his demonic powers, which you will use to murder, and aid in sucicide, many people. Including your own parents! While you murder the people that goes along with the game story line, police, detectives, and everybody else will start to take cauction in the house. SO BE CAREFUL, and try not to get caught, This may be the only frustrating part of the game. So I would suggest a guide to help get items early to save time later, and  so you can understand your main objective. Also enjoy this marvelous game.95.5/100 bananas :D"
,Recommended,218640,14468853,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Internet Virus,"This game is one of my favorites, now that I have played it, and completed it in about 9-10 hours. I got it when it was on sale before Lucius 2 came out, and I'm so glad it was on sale and I had found it. No regrets on buying it, but now that it's no longer on sale as of right now, anyone interested in getting the game at the normal price, don't question it, you won't regret it. Especially if you love to kill people for no real reason, creepy demonic stuff, and I do enjoy the most in this game, because some parts are a little confusing, trying to figure out exactly what to do [or how to kill the person] that it will put that person on a ""repeated"" schedule in the game until you figure out what you need to do, so you don't need to rush or panic that you can't figure it out for a while. I highly recommend!"
76561198025695874,Recommended,218640,14493752,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,MrPanda,Evil
,Recommended,218640,14488434,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ozzi,"Lucius is a game that puts you in control of a 6 year old spawn of satan. The story is the vein of the classic horror movie, The Omen.   666/777"
,Recommended,218640,14553447,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,KeYeR,"Well this is kinda unique advanture game where you become.... well, murderous antichrist. The game has 2 main flaws- there is only one way to perform current murder - so you need just to solve the puzzle - no room for artistic creativity :P- game has bugs... sometimes ""cut scenes"" will not play as they should and you need to restart chepter to fix that... sometimes it's hard to figure out that is the case. It happened to me 4 times during playing so be awareBut the story, the way it is tolled, the idea and the idea makes those flows not really big. I have big hopes for Lucius 2 :DOverall 8/10"
,Not Recommended,218640,15865494,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DaneSoul,"This game has wonderful non-trivial idea and plot, but I had to leave it after 4 hours of play, after stealth mission, where I couldn't pass undetected (I know what need to do, but it's too annoying to try it dozens times).So, buy it only if you really big fan of stealth actions"
,Recommended,218640,21935741,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,The Chinger,"never thought I would see the day , when I get to play as the son of Satan."
,Recommended,218640,30741068,Posted: 25 March,all,Parcimony,"Great game for horror fans.  The missions are mostly linear and the solutions to some of the puzzles may require a quick reference to outside guides, but you'll have a lot of fun playing the child antichrist as you use your devilish powers to setup your victim's deaths.The game reminds me of a very narrow Hitman scenario with a great homage to Satan children overlay.Hey, and it's cheap!"
76561198007503876,Recommended,218640,22074469,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,LeviCS,im my opinion im a christian but i dont act like one and this game was the opposite of christian and i loved thye gamae like dude what game is better than being able to saw a guys head in half.
,Recommended,218640,21879516,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,DutchSmokert,"Definitely a must-buy!I finished the game already within 5 hours, but that does not mean it is not worth the €10,- I spent on it. The story is great, and it has a lot of funny parts in it. Couldn't stop playing till I had finished the game ;)This is honestly one of the best games I have played in a long time. Can't wait to get started with Lucius II."
76561198169334671,Recommended,218640,22336584,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Cross,Killed my whole family... Rekt/10 IGN
,Recommended,218640,22156515,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Raven,"This game is pretty good in my opinion. The fact you are pretty much Satin's 'Child' is pretty cool. I won't spoil it, but the game itself is pretty fun if your looking for something to play when your a bit bored"
,Recommended,218640,22833442,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Tricellatops,"After completing this after around 10 hours, I guess I have a few things to say about this game.The only game I have played that is similar to this would be Among The Sleep. You know, where you're playing as a child and you'd really hate to see the kid get mauled by anything. Only this is different. ATS is a cute little toddler with his teddy, Lucius is a little psychopath and he reminds me of that kid from Ju-On. There's an order where people get killed by this little prick. You'll also need specific items to kill them. Maybe you'd want to blast them all to buggery with this fancy fire power thing you get half-way into the game but NO, you can't because that power only comes back to you occasionally (for reasons beyond me), you have to fart around the entire manor getting items needed to orchestrate the perfect murder. Most of the time you'll be on Youtube watching walkthroughs because you've run around the manor so much you're getting motion sickness and WHERE IS THIS STUPID TRASH THIS WOMAN WANTS ME TO TAKE OUT.Get it during a sale, like I did. I wouldn't pay its full price even though it's only £7 because I am tight like that."
,Recommended,218640,22848328,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,The Owl Of Wisdom,"Lucius reminds me of Hitman: Blood Money; you have a target, now find the best way to kill them. Generally I enjoyed the game dispite it being released in 2012. The game starts off by explaining that since it's your birthday you inherit the unholy powers of your father(the devil). Through out the game you must kill poeple in the manor to gain more abilities. Each chapter, you find your target and are given hints on how to kill them; the way some characters die in the manor are pretty grim, from beingcrushed by a piano to being shot with a nail gun.The game is not afraid to show it's true colours."
76561198290863676,Recommended,218640,22754057,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,good32345387,"DO NOT miss a chance to pick up this game for the discounted steam price! I repeat! I mean cmon you play the son of Lucifer. the stealth mechanics are one of a kind and spot on, the story line is wonderful, there is loads of sublte, dark humour throughout the entire game. this game was very well planned out and put together! please play the first before you play the second. did i mention you play the son of lucifer. puzzle meets stealth, gorefest, with thrills and chills. its a must own. no real glitchs either. runs smooth and offers hours of fun.8/10"
76561198025361177,Not Recommended,218640,22638887,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,LS,"I really want to like this game. I want to like it so much that I played through the whole thing, despite realizing how bad it was going to be 20 minutes in. It's right up my alley with its grizley subject matter and over-the top style. Everything is lovably purple, with the number 666 showing up pretty much anywhere any kind of number is called for. On that level the game is brilliant.But aside from a lovable style, there's not actually much of a game here. There's no freedom, no challenge. Each level drops you into the house, where you follow a line on a map until you run into a certain NPC. The game shouts ""There! That's the person you're trying to kill on this level!"" Then you check your notebook for some hint at how the game wants you to get that job done. You follow that hint until you reach another hint, then follow that hint, and so on, until someone dies. There's never more than a single path towards killing any given target, so there's no decisions to be made. The only thing that might actually be considered a challenge is figuring out what the hints mean. The hints oscilate between so obvious as to be trivial, and so obtuse as to be useless. There's no happy middle between the two. No sense of satisfaction in figuring stuff out.Then there are the times when you need a tool that isn't already in your inventory. Some specific item, like a screwdriver. Your first instinct is to go look for where you'd keep a screwdriver in your own home. Is it in the garage? The tool shed? Nope. It's on a table in the sitting room. You just have to wander around aimlessly, scanning every drawer and surface while you wonder if you're missing something that would make this fun.The demonic powers are also a little annoying. I could ignore the fact that the telekenisis never feels right, or that the fireballs are basically only available in pre-scripted sections of the game. That stuff, to a degree, makes sense. But the ability to make people forget seeing you doesn't even work! The moment your seen, all of the controls go completely dead, so there's no opportunity to use it. I went so far as intentionally getting caught multiple times in a row just to try and figure out what I was doing wrong, but it's no use.The game's cutscenes are too numerous and too boring. And even as numerous as they are, they often fail to explain things. Without spoiling anything, the game's story makes a few strange leaps forward that I still don't really understand. Several characters apparently come out of nowhere. Halfway through the game everyone starts talking about my uncle. Your mom even tells you to stop bothering your uncle, because he's been complaining about you lately. Meanwhile I'm left to wonder who or where my uncle is, because it's the first time I'm hearing about him.I'm disappointed that the game wound up being as bland and boring as it is. The graphics are nice and clear, the controls are mostly pretty solid, the deaths are reasonably creative. In most respects the game is a competently assembled thing. But there are just too many problems for me to give it a blanket recommendation.I'd say you should buy it only if you meet two criteria:1. You, like me, think the premise is AWESOME.2. It's on sale for less than $3.Otherwise, give this a pass."
76561198192830009,Recommended,218640,22794380,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Nashbitt,"Apart from some glitch encountered with the notebook and chores missions, it's one of the funniest game I've played. Awsome achievements!"
76561198143960110,Recommended,218640,22787898,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Kurt Cobain,10/10 The Omen: The Video Game
,Recommended,218640,22693779,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,O.G. Eastbull,Lucifer comes in your bedroom to tell you to take a flashlight in order to see things in the dark.10/10
76561198037382064,Recommended,218640,22667920,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DarkFearX35,"The game itself is quite messy and gory which I love it! You have to be so creative and take your time, but finishings or fatalities as I wanna put it, are quite satisfactory for the effort. Highly recommended..."
,Recommended,218640,22666774,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Your Friendly Neighbor,"It's pretty good. If it's on sale, buy it"
,Recommended,218640,22728669,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,DonutFist,good game in my opinion good story line and very pc and controller friendly 8.5/10 would be 10 but there is a couple of bugs
,Not Recommended,218640,22705306,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,shaqtinthefool,doesnt work
76561198180213031,Recommended,218640,22712122,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ρ૨iท૮૯ઽઽ Ǝ√ѳℓ,Expertly crafted. Sound effects and visuals are on point. This has to be one of my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,218640,22541071,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Kawaii monster,its fun
,Recommended,218640,22597470,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Panda,fun
76561198118814402,Recommended,218640,17857118,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ancient Nord Vape Lord,a good way to spend your time being evil 7/10
76561198071349793,Not Recommended,218640,17823005,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,PlayerPants,"Bought this game and it's broken, I can't even get through the intro because the items won't cycle, my mouse wheel works fine, and about half the time when I bring up my notepad, nothing. not that it maters because I can't progress any further."
76561198044140754,Not Recommended,218640,17905412,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,serpentwalker,"good idea, poorly executed. often difficult to navigate. buggy when it comes to retention of items, progress, events, etc. poor writing and mostly poor voice acting. ending is sudden and unsatisfying, partially due to poor pacing. that said, there are definitely some cool moments scattered throughout. on occasion, the mood and environment line up just right and one has to give credit for the creativity of some of the kills. unfortunately, the puzzles are usually overly simplistic or counterintuitive and the dark atmosphere and gory spectacles seem forced at times. i could mention several specific gripes, but the first example that comes to mind iswhen lucius gains the power to control fire. lucifer specifically says ""now, you don't need matches!"" immediately after this, the player must light candles with matches to advance.when combat, precision, speed, stealth, etc. are involved, the game falls short and irrevocably spoils the decent bits. cool at first glance but overall a sophomoric effort. the best part was picking uppornographic videos and trying to show my prized copy of ""♥♥♥♥♥ hunters"" to my parents and housemates."
76561198072825787,Recommended,218640,17866372,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,bviking78,"ENI have honestly to say that I was following Lucius from a long time, but at one of the last sales I've been kinda let down by some bad reviews saying that the mansion was huge and you had to find little objects and made it sound like a pixel hunter game. Last monday I bought it tho, since it was very very cheap (less than 1€) and I saw that all the bad reviews were pretty wrong. Sure the mansion isn't small, but let me tell you that if you're a ""game explorer"" like me and love to go in every single place in games like Fallout 3 or Skyrim well this map will be a piece of cake and you'll learn it pretty fast.About the gameplay itself, yes there's no much freedom but it's kinda explained with the fact that the kills must look like accidents, but the puzzles ('cause after all it's a big puzzle game from a point of view, where you have to find out how to kill someone step by step) are never frustrating or absurds like in some point & click adventures.If I should point a flaw it'd be about the stealth sections 'cause more than real stealth they're just a series of trial and error until you learn the patterns of the NPCs, so while I understand the willing to vary the gameplay they've been implemented poorly unfortunately.So to wrap it up I'd suggest this game 'cause it's pretty good and entertaining, dunno honestly if at the full price it's back again (18.99€ here), 'cause while fun it's pretty short (about 6-7hrs, taking my time to explore, achievements, etc.)P.s.Yes I cheated my way through the 20/40hrs achievements 'cause there was no way I was gonna leave my PC on just for that, it'd be different if the game would take that time to finish obviously!ITDevo onestamente dire che stavo seguendo Lucius da un bel di tempo, ma ad una delle utlime svendite alcune recensioni che parlavano di una villa gigante dove dover cercare piccoli oggetti me l'han fatto sembrare un gioco stile ""pixel hunter"" e quindi ho desistito. Lo scorso Lunedì però l'ho comperato, dato che il buon sconto (meno di 1€) ed ho notato che le recensioni negative erano sbagliate. Certo la villa non è piccola, ma lasciatevi dire che se vi piace esplorare nei giochi come me ed amate andare in ogni singolo posto in giochi come Fallout 3 o Skyrim beh questa mappa sarà un gioco da ragazzi e l'imparerete velocemente.Riguardo al gameplay in sé, sì non c'è moltissima libertà ma è in parte spiegata dal fatto che le uccisioni devono sembrare incidenti, ma i puzzle (dato che alla fine è un grande puzzle game da un certo punto di vista, dove dovete capire come uccidere qualcuno passo passo) non sono mai frustranti od assurde come in alcune avventure punta&clicca..Se dovessi citare un difetto sarebbero le sezioni stealth perché più che un vero stealth sono solo una serie di prova e riprova finché non imparate il percorso dei PNG, quindi anche se capisco l'intenzione di variare il gameplay sono state implementate malamente sfortunatamente.Quindi per concludere suggerirei il gioco perché è buono e divertente, anche se non so onestamente se al prezzo pieno a cui è tornato (18.99€ qui), perché anche se divertente è abbstanza corto (circa 6-7hrs, prendendomi il tempo di esplorare, obbiettivi, etc.)P.s.Sì ho imbrogliato per ottenere l'obbiettivo delle 20/40 ore perché non avevo nessuna intenzione di lasciare il PC acceso solo per quello, sarebbe stato differente se il gioco avesse richiesto quel tempo per essere finito ovviamente!"
76561198019923479,Recommended,218640,17554513,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,NoldoCelu,"Game is in many ways similar to hitman contracts but more point and click. A little frustrating at times when you have to figure out some rather troublesome puzzles, but in general a very likable game."
,Recommended,218640,17774653,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,DvsN|Cr!m!nal,666/999 would recommend this game!! :D :D ♥
,Recommended,218640,16804308,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Teodor,"Like hitman,but with kids"
76561198097575288,Recommended,218640,16511325,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Aithraze,"This is a short, demented puzzle game where you play as the son of the devil as he goes about his father's requests to kill off everyone he knows. Surprisingly challenging puzzles can be find here. Clever levels in general, lots of achievements, and a decent sized map to explore. Definitely pick it up on sale!"
,Recommended,218640,16492540,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Juylyenne,"This game was great. I really enjoyed playing the evil, vindictive little brat.Pros:-Art was great. It felt natural some how, and yet eerie.-Good story. There were times the plot was quite obvious and other times I was a little surprised, which is hard for stories to do lately.-Even I got scared sometimes.-I thought the thought put into the exploration of the house was great.Cons:-Some of the characters were quite flat.-I would have liked more interaction with the devil.-The ways in which you go about destroying your enemies were all planned out. Left little room for planning the demise of your enemies yourself.Get this game. And be the bad guy!"
76561198146765596,Recommended,218640,16505678,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,JDawgRiggz,"mad at your mom or dad. kill them in this game, also kill your butcher, uncle, maid, maid, mechanic, cop, butler, and more"
,Recommended,218640,16646148,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bambi ♥,"So what is this game about; you are playing as the son of devil ""Lucius"" and in every chapter you have to kill one person in a specific way. There are 18 or 19 chapters. I liked the cutscenes also, everytime you kill someone there is a cutscene.I had a few glitches and at the beginning i wasted like hour because i couldnt see my mouse on the screen. I couldnt play this game full screen, so i had to window it. Sometimes i had to restart the game because it glitched on some parts. I got stuck to walls and objects if i was near them, but it only happened like 2 or 3 times. I am fan of horror and adventure games, so i love it. I like the surroundings, i like the mansion, i like the characters of the game and i love the soundtrack also. Even tho i had few glitches and problems, i gave this a recommend because i think people who like horror or adventure games may like this game also, as i did. <:"
,Recommended,218640,13717961,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,RickySpanish1Flynn,"Good fun, although pretty buggy at times..."
76561197974441894,Recommended,218640,13956303,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,«  Spiral  »,"Lucius is an alright game,  i would recommend it mainly because it is different and it's got a twisted story line.  the only thing i really don't understand fully about the game is that there isn't much of a direction given as to what to do. i get the concept of basically killing everyone in the house, but theres no direction as to how to go about it.  you basically have to guess on where and what to grab and what you can get and can't pick up.overall i would say get the game on sale, i don't believe that it's worth the 20 dollars at full price."
,Recommended,218640,16231748,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Alt-Click,"I would recommend this game,though somewhat reluctantly,because of it's very linear gameplay and 2 annoying stealth missions. Still,the premise is original,imo, it succeeds in mantaining the creepy horror atmosphere and playing a game where good guys don't have to win in the end is refreshing (Though it was amusing to watch Lucious getting successfully exorcised.""Hallelujah!"") .Worth buying , when on sale with a big discount. Oh and it probably won't take you more than 7 hours to complete it,so there's that too."
,Recommended,218640,16203035,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,LΞGΞND™,I can see Susan naked :o
76561198251799786,Recommended,218640,19855785,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Calsqueezy,pretty nutty
,Recommended,218640,19853869,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Makkiduperz,"This is a great game, you can interact with most things.Good texture/quality/graphics and gameplay.Some glitches, havent finished the whole game and it can be difficult since it doesen't give you many leads on what to do or where to find, what to do.It doesen't seem to have a story to be interested in but a small story like this game has is enough since you aren't playing it for the story.Could use more freeroam but where you don't get so lost in the manision.This game is something worth the try!"
76561198086916098,Recommended,218640,20019138,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,∞ ïиғïиïtє ∞,Me when I was a young boy
,Recommended,218640,20267769,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lunal,"Fun, interesting, very dark humor that I quite appreciate, but you can't really read the description of this game without expecting dark humor. The puzzle solutions are not quite as clear as they could be in some areas, you might end up on a bit of a search, and I am currently stuck at a stealth portion that is very frustrating. I will go back and beat it at some point though, I would recommend this to any of my friends who like this kind of humor and puzzles."
76561197970150321,Recommended,218640,20616795,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,SmOkEd,"I was very supprised with this game. After finishing this game I look back and realize there are three things that makes this a game i can recommend. 1. The house is a character, the house has alot of detail and is layed out in a manner that makes it fun to traverse.  2. Not sure if it is intentional, but its like a bad horror movie you get to play. Some of the sappy things that you would see happen in 80's horror movies, make this game fun. 3. This game would be a complete disaster if it didn't control good, but the controls work great and make alot of sense, and the parts that are not that great make for fun to master like the telekenisis. If you can get this on a sale it makes it even better, but if not I would still recommend this game a purchase."
,Recommended,218640,20380782,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,isrcobra,clunky but fun
,Recommended,218640,20381015,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Kingslayer,Pretty kawaii innocent little game u wont regret it m8
,Recommended,218640,20379583,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,DEADSHOT,the most chaotic death simulater ever with pretty descent  story
76561198121943816,Recommended,218640,20340258,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Vanilla,i realy liked this game it was so fun to play but i ran into a lot of bugs i realy liked the gameplay it was fun to run around the house and kill people but i got stuck on some parts like killing uncle tom but over all fun 9/10
,Recommended,218640,20352529,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,✪Fire<3,I will kill you!!!!!!My reviewGraphics - 9Ai - 7Gameplay - 10This game is funny it make me crazy!!!!!!!10/10
,Recommended,218640,20462336,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Based Carlton,this is the best game i am the son of satan 10/10 for killing the plumber
,Not Recommended,218640,20481885,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,P0wnz0r T. Noob (Nightmare Lyra),"Lucius is an compelling complete mess of a game that sadly manages to sour itself right at the end.The game is a point and click game where you play as Lucius, a 6 year old millionare child that for some reason is in leagues with Satan, and is tasked to kill the other people in his house discretely to harvest their souls. Everything in the game takes place within the giant open family mansion where you have to gather clues, find items and do your chores to figure out the solutions to puzzles involving killing people in more or less creative ways.This is all conveyed in the style of a 70's B-horror movie akin to The Exorcist, only it seems to be somewhat aware (or charmingly unaware) of the goofyness of the situation and cranks up the cheese to hillarious degrees, with overuse of 666 symbolism, slow motion head explosions and cartoonishly unlikable house residents to murder. The game's attempts at horror falls incredibly flat out of the gate in other words, though it do manage to be bloody hillarious instead which is what got me hooked through the entire thing.Because the thing is, the game itself is not very good. A lot of the time you are given very vague hints of what to do and it ends up with tons of walking around the house searching for interactive items, the magic powers you get such as levitation and mind control only seems to want to work half of the time, there is some horrible early 2000's license game style sneaking sections, and the final boss fight was completely broken for me until I reloaded a save. The game also has ludicrous loading times even on high end computers, and it looks like an upscaled PS2 game in a lot of regards despite seeming to use a surprising ammount of power to run.However along with those bad things are a lot of fun ""bad"" things too. The physics engine is super wonky and makes doors and objects flip out at times, which is especially apparent with the ragdoll physics going into full Goat Simulator mode whenever they happen outside of cutscenes (if you get hold of the gun earlier than intended you can have a lot of fun with this). You can unlock a tricycle to help move around the house quicker, which breaks the laws of physics around stairs and other things. You sometimes spawn mid air or partway underground when starting a mission. Lots of weird unintended wacky things that is really funny whenever it do happen.The truly bad parts really do tear it down a lot though, so even if I did enjoy big chunks of this game in a Troll 2 sort of way, the truly abysmal parts dragged it way too much down to outright recommend it. If you are interested in so bad it's good horror cheese and physics wackyness, grab it on a sale, but stay away at the current full price."
,Recommended,218640,20440867,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mister_Bennett,"Definantly recommended for hours upon hours of fun. This game is excellent for those who are into horror-ish ames, or, with the right sense of humor, a few good laughs."
,Recommended,218640,20431579,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Wrath of Tron,"Oh Lucius, with his blank expression and dead eyes.Overall a pretty fun and wellmade game, although a bit a̶n̶t̶i̶c̶h̶r̶i̶s̶t̶ anticlimactic by the time the credits roll. Stepping into the tiny shoes of Lucius you get the sense and feel of what made the Hitman games so inventive although once you scratch that surface, the goals are much more linear and there's really only one true solution to wiping out each member of the household. Sure you can experiment and have fun, but this will always lead back to a ""game over"" screen. This doesn't make each chapter any less fun.Honestly, I had a great time running aroung a confusingly constructed house, observing many of the twisted occupants, and then gleefully offering them to that Lucifer fella. There's a lot of fun little detail (shine your flashlight on Lucifer,) so many gruesome deaths, a bunch of chores to do, and math class.Definitely worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,218640,20430877,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Hymnred MK,ur an evil kid trying to annihilate ur own family.
,Recommended,218640,20403986,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Jabba the Fat,"As a player who decides what games to buy based on the reviews of the certain game, it's my duty to write a complete review about any game i finish, so here is my review:LUCIUS:Lucius a game where you are a kid of a rich family, the son of Lucifer (your family doesnt know that, that is what makes the game exist), where you get orders from your father to bring him ""tributes"" by killing people. The thing is, nobody must find out who you really are nor what can you do, so, by using your mind and your powers you have to make every kill look like an ""accident"".Before i procceed with the PROS and CONS i would like to remind anyone who is reading this that these are my personal preferences and may differ by any individual who plays the game.PROS:+Very good story.+Even if it isn't listed anywhere, it is an open world game, you can get almost anywhere in the house at any time of the game.+You can get a bunch of items in the inventory that can be usefull at any time.CONS:-The map is almost uselss, it has no explanation of the place nor your target. Needs too much thinking on finding out where to go.-The controls of the bike are bad, like trying to play a shooter game with a joystick bad.-The achievements are not a challenge at all, you can just do something, then replay it 4 times to get the achievemnt, doesnt matter if you get a Game Over.-The 40-hour achievent has no use at all, this a 8-13 hour game, you just have to leave the game running all night.TL;DR It is a good, not great, psychological horror game and has a good story. Get it on sale8/10"
,Not Recommended,218640,20405236,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TheCreepyPenguin,too easy to beat
,Recommended,218640,20277506,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Wickedkatniss,This is a splendid game! Great graphics and story line! I would totally recommend it! Only negatives about this game is if you're super religious it might offend you and the plot and gameplay can become extremely slow and hard to navigate. Overall a great game for the little demon in you :)
,Recommended,218640,20242681,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[GoD] Agent Silver Dragon,".......................,,-~*~,,......................./:.:.:.:.:.|......................|;.;.;.;.;./......................|.;.;.;.;.|............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.|.........,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,......,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",.....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|...../"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""....\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\.....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\.......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,""::::\..........""""""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-""::::::::::"
,Not Recommended,218640,20613677,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,TheManInDbox,"Would love to play this game, purchased it, but it does not work with my hardware. The scroll on the mouse doesn't work correctly, so you get to a point you can't do anything.. You can't modify that control setting, so you are pretty much screwed.. It looks like it would be a good story, but it's like a book missing half the pages.. get's to the point that it is a waste of time.."
,Recommended,218640,17735481,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,hWusha # csgolive.com,Good game.
,Recommended,218640,17606465,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Chibitized,"Watched Pewds play it.I thought I was womanly enough to play it myself.I. Can't. Play. This. Without. Someone. Besides me.Overall a great story-based killing game. Role reversal is always fun. Instead of being the Hero, you're the bloody murderer.  A 6 year-old professional killer."
76561198143843087,Recommended,218640,17609785,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Courier_SIX,"Fun stuff! Just wish there was controller support for it, (don't see it coming anytime soon) but still worth checking out!"
76561198011483539,Recommended,218640,17651198,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,"Clunky and poor story but, I still enjoyed the game all the way though."
,Recommended,218640,17714513,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,The Emperor Second ♛,Horror Game !!!! FAIN ^^
,Recommended,218640,17716941,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,The Viper,"Rough around the edges but fun, original, and it makes you think."
76561198102913085,Not Recommended,218640,17719032,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,MRFREEZE,This game is glitchy peice of crap.
,Not Recommended,218640,17719994,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,MeowMeowMeowMeowMeow,"tl;dr: ""Eh...""Pros: Hail SatanCons: Lacks direction, quite short, bit buggy, somewhat overpriced."
,Not Recommended,218640,17722591,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,B166ER,"Bad voice acting, cliche dialogue, cheesy horror, bad camera angles, very linear gameplay, horrendous control setup, missions that require too much waiting that fail at your first mistake...This game just feels like a hassle to play."
,Not Recommended,218640,17459580,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,AcidPanda,"Bought this game on sale because it seemed interesting. I lost interest the moment the bugs kicked in. I've had framedrops on cutscenes, a bug which forced me to redo several chapters due to picking up an item too early and the game not recognizing it being picked up.Overall this game isn't worth the 21.99 it's listed and it's definetly not worth most people's time."
,Recommended,218640,17757209,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Outfall,Did you ever watch that movie called The Omen? This is pretty much that.
76561198166238626,Recommended,218640,16958073,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,NotARogue,"I really liked playing through this game. It is weird. It is a good ""puzzle"" game. However the game does bug out a lot on chapter 13 and is probably one of the downsides of this game. If they made patch for this game I would have enjoyed it more but unfortunately there is no patch yet. It can get boring because you are only able to go around the mansion and a small gardenMy Rating: 8/10"
76561198152544095,Recommended,218640,23665131,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BlizzardKhaos,"This game is amazing and so great. It's like Hitman, so if you're a fan of Hitman then you'll love this game too"
,Recommended,218640,23719486,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Psyqualia,Good game it teach me how to be a psycho and how i feel to be a son of demon
,Recommended,218640,23843146,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,STALYN2KA.,Is a good horror game .
76561198111216603,Recommended,218640,23829342,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hastalavista,Hastalavistagaming played it and its AWESOME
,Recommended,218640,23468458,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,eviejay.18,"I would have loved to play it however I can't due to a slow computer, I would love to know if they are working on a mac version and if they are when that would be released."
,Recommended,218640,23043146,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Chips,666/10 will kill again.. and again.. and again! AND AGAIN!
,Recommended,218640,23174711,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Keeki o Yakimashou,"The game has some really inspired visuals and interesting ideas;the plot is simple, but the storytelling is neat, with backstories and subplots, and the and everything is entertaining for the whole duration of the game.Some bugs and interactions may be cause of involuntary hilarity: higly recomanded for fans of b-movies"
76561197993626713,Recommended,218640,23151451,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,NailDive,"I wish that I could show you the screenshots I took while playing this game. Lucius came at the right time for me after playing a game that had no killing whatsoever, and I am so happy to say that it overdelivered in terms of the violence I was looking for. Despite the graphics being undercooked for a game that's only a couple of years old, the voice acting being a little under par, and almost every puzzle in the game consisting of only four steps, what Lucius lacks in polish it certainly more than makes up for in graphic, satisfying, violence.Having picked this one and it's sequel up for less than a cup of coffee in a recent sale, I probably wouldn't have even played the first instalment except that I saw it had been released in the last couple of years. ♥♥♥♥ I'm glad I did though, because it would have been a huge mistake to miss out on this little gem! Reminiscent of early PS2 games like Hitman, just shorter, and with more gore and less guns... but Satan... and a tricycle... so yay."
,Recommended,218640,23186478,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Michaela8158,Super fun though it ran a little slow (Probably my computers fault) but it was still very playable 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,218640,23345297,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,HealPleaseHeal,"So I'm not one to play games with a linear storyline from beginning to end. But Lucius was one of those games, though could use some work, had me entertained throuhgout... I mean how often can you play the son of the devil and go around killing people?I do recommend this game and even though it's not a huge game it's still very enjoyable.I did a full playthrough of the game, just in case you get stuck at some points. Here's the first episode to taste what the game has in store for you.https://youtu.be/yeizmSoOvsM"
,Recommended,218640,9230343,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Diokaza,Don't ever mess with Satan son!!!
76561198020691290,Recommended,218640,10176996,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Pounce,"Just perfect for those who loves being on the ""other side"" for once."
76561198035600412,Recommended,218640,10156888,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,getondese,"If you liked The Omen and liked to watch old horror movies to kinda""chuckle"" ...Then it's quiet enjoyable and funny as Hell!.....MWhahahahahahahahAHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA..cough"""
,Recommended,218640,13287605,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,kerkovephotography,"Absolutely wonderful game. Full of Challenges, Both strategic and mental. Awesome graphics and game play. 10/10!"
,Recommended,218640,13157086,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Cthulhu Girl,"First playthrough time: 5 hoursMajor Pros:Gruesomely murder everyoneYou can go back to previous chapters, including replaying the last chapter to get either of the two endingsSuitable amount of hints from a variety of sources (NPC conversations, journal, ""gifts"", intro dialog for each chapter, etc.)Minor Pros:Peep on ""adult"" behaviorIf you shoot someone, their ragdoll flies around the roomMajor Cons:Story is a little unbelievable, even for a ""son of Satan"" themed gameThe game doesn't do enough to create an appropriate mood for the playerSpells can be really hard to manipulate and the limits to your range aren't clearMinor Cons:Characters have no facial expressionLayout of the house can be confusing and it's not clear which of the servants' quarters are whoseSome of the Steam achievements didn't trigger for meI didn't find the story or characters to be all that indepth, but I did still enjoy the game. The first two ""gifts"" you get for doing chores can give you hints for each of your puzzles and most levels give you ample time to figure them out. The puzzles (murders) are all about the same length, four entries in your journal, though some take longer and more walking than others. While the story was sterotypical, I did like the mother's slow descent into insanity, which was one of the few character progressions. Figuring out each murder while not getting caught was pretty interesting, and none of the spell usage was too out there. While it's no masterpiece, I still want to recommend it to all the devilish little gamers out there who would enjoy smash expensive china, peeping on adult ""playtime"", stalking around in the dark, setting things on fire, and (of course) graphically butchering the 20 or so occupants of the house as a 6 year old boy with demonic powers."
,Recommended,218640,11504276,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Nikata,"Ever watched the Omen and thought ""wow, wouldn't it be fun to be the son of Satan?"". Well now you can. Lucius puts you in the shoes of a little boy who discovers on his 6th birthday that he is, in fact, the son of Lucifer, and that your true father is very interested in you conituning the family business of killing people in really nasty ways so he can have their souls.The game is third person so you will always have the little tyke in your sights as you go around working out inventive ways of offing the people living in your family mansion. You can interact and pick up various objects, explore the mansion and do quests from murder to completing chores. After all, a good little boy does all his chores, while also killing. As you progress you also gain abilities like telekensis and mind control, making the murder more wholesome; after all, no one will suspect you if that object happens to crash down on someone without any outward control."
,Recommended,218640,11562302,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Han Solo B,"got this one during  sale for like 3 or 5e, its great game, not that good looking but this game is not about it, lots of fun, good achievment, solid gameplay, ""story"" if you wanna call it that way....worth itupdate:  took me 53h to get last achievment FML... still worth it tho :D"
,Recommended,218640,11314881,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Ackermander,Really awesome! The story and the solutions are already prescripted. So there is only one way to go through the game (only in the last mission you will have a choice to go for action or puzzle solving). But all in all the story is quite nice and it's all about finding the right keys and clues to do the murder. It's just fu*king great!
,Recommended,218640,12725324,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,arch,"Impressive game, which puts you in a skin of a child posessed by the devil. Child needs to give souls to his father - Lucifer, by creating ""accidents"" that take lives of people around big mansion he is living. It is very cruel game, that shows every death in slow-mo and with maximum details. And it purely unique and very fun to play. Beaten it in one evening."
76561198077910240,Recommended,218640,12725778,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Jenova,It was a nice game.The story didn't take too long and it was somehow a creative feeling killing all these people. I can absolutely recommend it when you wanna have a shot but nice experience! Some passages were a little bit annoying though.
76561198046965786,Recommended,218640,18862375,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,[Super_Nintendo],Great game! Hope 2 is this fun
76561198037653244,Recommended,218640,4469569,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,newlevelcreations,"So you're a 6 year old  boy born on 6/6/66 and you work for Satan by helping him collect souls. You live inside a giant mansion and try and find clever ways to kill staff members, guests and just about everyone in the house by staging events that look like accidents. For every soul you get Satan he grants you more powers such as telekinesis and stuff like that. Its a awesomely evil game and watching dumb humans fall for your evil traps is hilarious. This boy is evil to the core. its well worth playing."
76561198068720356,Not Recommended,218640,18829022,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,jvanheycop,"Great premise, poor execution...Between the moon-logic puzzles and the linearity, I can't recommend this. I'm glad I only paid 1€ for this crap.Though the visuals, atmosphere and music are solid."
,Not Recommended,218640,18708480,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Gubernaculum,The music literally ruins this game. It would be better suited to a Home Alone movie than a game about murder.Voice acting is terrible.Clunky mechanics.Bought it for $1. Want my $1 back.
,Recommended,218640,18649068,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,G0D_0NE,I'll tell you now lucius is no walk in the park for some people. You must think outside the box to get these puzzles and finish your victims. A good game that should be recommended to all those people who love puzzle games!
,Not Recommended,218640,18606939,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Lumpy,Welcome to the  map checking and far fetched pizzle simulator.4/5 (Get in on sale).
,Recommended,218640,18637394,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Offline Sampe Wisuda,So gore
,Recommended,218640,30599345,Posted: 18 March,all,2leironas,"A good game, full of mind breackers and persons to kill, it has a good story and it is fun to play"
,Not Recommended,218640,18922425,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Sexy Vorta,wow this game is boring!
,Recommended,218640,18783847,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ExtremeResin,"This game is dark and gripping, yet rather linear. You'll be forced to do certain things that some people don't think about. Other than that, good game."
,Recommended,218640,18782505,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[Liha] HotGirl_97,"I really enjoyed this game, absolutely worth the money if you like these sort of games."
76561198079458703,Not Recommended,218640,18798861,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,skye.kelly95,Wont ever open!!!!
76561198094317231,Recommended,218640,16666315,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Allahcadrimbo,"Overall, I enjoyed Lucius and the funny moments that arose when I played it. I thoroughly enjoyed the cutscenes that roll after each kill. It did glitch (cutscene wouldn't activate) for me in the last chapter, but other then that my gameplay experience was smooth sailing. If you're not a fan of games with linear and restricting gameplay then this isn't the game for you. Most of your time is spent looking for items to kill your target with. Also, unlike Hitman which i've seen this game compared to there is only one way to kill each target. The puzzles for the most part are pretty straight forward, and not much of a challenge. After the first couple of kills it gets a little repetitive. Nonetheless, I enjoyed my time in the world of Lucius, and do not regret my purchase. If this game is on sale I would highly recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,218640,15708320,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,CuPpYcAkEs,i love this game but hard to control at first
76561198054178839,Recommended,218640,15935719,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,LongLiveDead,"It is interesting and very unique in terms of a story. Game-play and puzzles are insane at points. Some puzzles require you to get really creative in figuring out the solution, and finding the right object can take awhile. Still a fun play."
76561198158938940,Recommended,218640,16835664,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Ltm1900,"At the beginning I thought this is a stealth game but after playing a while it turns out to be some kind of puzzle game. You control a kid with superpower trying to kill the visitors of the family, not much of the story kill you are simple a killing machine with a boy face.You need to actually observe lots of rooms without the help of hints, since the inventories you need are not marked on the map, and you probably find the right tool for mission 6th before you start the first one lol. So I'd say this is a difficult game sometimes you can get lost and not sure what to do.I'd say for a indie game it's a decent one. Though unlike Hitman series, which kills people for a reason, I feel a bit uncomfortable killing good people for devils, but it's only a game I guess..."
,Recommended,218640,16204403,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,H(a)ppy,yes its nice game
76561198175841403,Recommended,218640,16226228,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Ricky,Wow what can i say?One of the best single-player games i ever played before..Amazing soundtracks and the graphics are just amazing..U play as a 6 y old little antichrist boy..Is fun as hell i completed the game in 6 h do so its kinda short :( I would say 666/666
76561198068829844,Recommended,218640,16429970,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SpiderGamer,"(Spoiler Alerts) Ok so the game is fun but there are some huge freaking problems. My main one being: THAT CHAPTER 05B IS BROKEN! There you are, awake at night to get rat poison, and on your way to get it, your mom wakes up and you have to hide. Thats reasonable right? Except that once you go out of hiding when she walks downstairs, you can still somehow get spotted by her through the GODDAMN FLOOR! Then once you get past that, you probably won't be beating that chapter, because you ave to break a light to distract a detective. You can break it and he walks into the darkness to see if someones there, so you should be able to enter the room, right? Nope, because the detective will turn and see you as soon as you make it within 2 feet of the door and SPOT YOU INSTANTLY!!! FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!! Other than that though, from what I've payed so far cuz I still can't beat chapter 05b, its fun and I reccomend it."
,Recommended,218640,16413485,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Barney Stinson - Suit Up,I saw to people doing it.
,Recommended,218640,16903032,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,A Real Life Cyborg,"Fun, but occasionally frustrating. Oftentimes I can't tell if I'm not being clever enough or if the games conveyance is lacking. But let's be honest, that means the latter, especially in a game that is trying something so novel as this one. I highly recommend you try it, but I don't think the story merits playing it any longer than your boredom limit- maybe three or four hours?"
,Not Recommended,218640,16878135,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Bongo,i didnt like it
76561197971655627,Recommended,218640,16302292,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Silverhawk,This game centres around the mis-adventures of a sweet 6 year old boy whos life gets turned upside down.Fun game. quite glitchy but for the price i enjoyed it.Looking forward to the sequal.
,Recommended,218640,16319016,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,YaralıBaykuş,its a ♥♥♥♥in twisted evil minded ♥♥♥♥ed up child gamei luv it
,Recommended,218640,10396378,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Pancake Policy,"Lucius was a pretty interesting game. The concept was pretty unique, although it would have been nice to be more creative with each kill. Replay is kind of dead since once you've played through it once, that's pretty much it. Nothing really is added for replay value."
76561198046326842,Recommended,218640,10341949,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Blu,"I really like this game a lot. Even if it is repeatitive as other says, i liked it. I found this game fun to play. I reccomend this game to people who don't have such high standards on games just here to enjoy a game."
76561198047599657,Recommended,218640,18490129,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,kahloolie,"The short version:The game is good but sometimes frustatingly hard. I got it dirt cheap on a Steam Stealth sale, it was worth the €1.59 I paid but not much more.The longer version:I really like the idea behind the game, the story is ripped off from the movie ""The Omen"" which isn't a bad thing in this case. You control this little kid called Lucious (a.k.a. Damien) and your mission is to see to it that the people around you ""meet their maker"" in different ways, some pretty gory some not so much.The controls of the game are pretty good, the graphics are ok and so is the voice acting, what on the other hand is not ok is how the riddles are layed out.You get an item and from that you are supposed to, without clues (this is completely without clues), figure out how to solve the riddles ahead and progress into the game. Did I mention you don't get any clues? Well, it's not entirely true since you might find a box that works 6 times and is supposed to give you a hint, but it dosen't really work that good so you are better off without it.I tried to solve the riddles on my own as much as I could and some of them was easy but some was stupidly hard to figure out, add to this that the game contains bugs that can make the game freeze up and you have to restart the game (it only happened twice so no deal breaker here) and you have one heck of a hard game."
,Recommended,218640,18622763,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Daishii,I really liked the game. It's pretty cool and the graphics tho *-*
,Recommended,218640,18834660,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Roundaboot,A pretty fun game whaere you play as Damien from The Omen and you kill everybody in a very methodical manner using your supe sp00ky devil powers8.8/10
76561198050971909,Recommended,218640,18656276,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,F4TheGold,"Its a fun puzzle-game, and the puzzles are all about killing people with unnatural powers. If you ever watch ""The Omen"",- this is the game varriant."
,Not Recommended,218640,18903624,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,South Jersey Sam,"Bit of an overrated game. Nothing special about it, really. It's basically a blatant ripoff of the movie The Omen. Hell, it's played out almost identical. But even if you haven't seen the film, you can tell it's pretty hokey, between the crap voice acting, the rusty gameplay, the maze of a mansion design, the lack of character development, the lack of subtlety regarding Lucius and his father Lucifer (not much of a spoiler), and the lackluster gore moments. I mean I'm a gorehound, but this was pretty boring. There is little to no suspense, the plot is predicable, and the idea of making a killer child is getting tiresome, which doesn't help when you add in the satanic aspect. If you actually want this game, don't bother. EVen if it's on a Steam Sale, the price isn't worth it."
76561198102804160,Recommended,218640,30608291,Posted: 18 March,all,ESSKEETIT,xd
,Recommended,218640,19081479,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Princess,I really like this game. I'm going to college to be a criminal/forensic psych major. So this is candy for me! :)
,Recommended,218640,19034759,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,6hrslater,"If yo are a satanist and enjoy killing and watching people suffer then this is the game for you!I beat this in the shortest time possible for me, i was addicted to this games story and now im gonna try the second one"
,Not Recommended,218640,18947745,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,IsraelLover2001,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198212013243,Recommended,218640,19037792,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,WirelessHotShot,"Lucius is more of a puzzle game then anything else. There's 18 chapters in the game and each chapter, your goal is to kill a specific person of the Dante Manor, with the exception that some chapters you kill multiple people. It took me about 7 hours to beat this game and I feel like it was worth the money I spent while it was on sale (I beleive $5). Some missions were pretty easy to figure out while others were mearly impossible because the game didn't give you any sense of direction. In some chapters, you only have to find a couple of things to complete the mission, while others, you have to do a list of things. One thing I kept on forgetting was while playing was combining items, (for those of you who haven't played, you get batteries and a flashlight, you select the batteries and then place them in the flashlight). The games does a lot of combining items to make them useful to you, so make sure you don't forget that!Anyways, the quality of the game was iffy. The details seemed pretty fair, but when it goes to cutscenes where people talk, you can tell they didn't pay much attention to making the mouth open when you hear words.The story line made sence to me, like, you will kill a specific person first and then a character that was related to the person you just killed will get depressed and that would be your next target.Overall, I'd give this game a 5/10. I'm only giving it 5 because the story was short and the game didn't really help me with completing chapters which made it frustrating to figure out.I would only buy it on sale if possible. There is a Lucius 2 which I'll be playing soon."
76561198254670928,Recommended,218640,19017486,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,i liked my old name,its a good game a really good game but its not for me.
76561198074340429,Recommended,218640,19034547,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,The Suspect | Junioru' 89,"Lucius, the son of Lucifer, I love this game, it is amazing, one of my favorite games. I recommend it to you. It's kinda difficult, it has some bugs, but it is still a good game.I recommend it to you."
76561198062993482,Recommended,218640,19117168,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,MiyaLaughingLord,"The game was pretty, engaging & overall pleasant experience. I really like the cheeky, yet simple storyline, & exploring is a bunch of fun.My experience:Personally I love exploring, & I seemed to rush ahead from the story so when I went exploring I would find items or places specified for a chapter, & get confused with the items & places alot. They had a weird balance between being able to interact with some future chapter items, while some not at all, which didn't help me. When the eye icon showed up & I clicked it, for particular things it wouldn't say anything which to me defeats the purpose of putting an eye icon.Needs fixing: I had trouble at chapter 19 because the head statue I was meant to use didn't spawn in the right spot.Recommendations:Chores are great, I was able to get all the gifts in the first 2 chapters. Make sure to read the clues carefully, & look around the rooms to find all the items & hints u can find. If u are really stuck hold an item up that u expect to use, & it will give u a indicator to show u where to place it. Use ur abilities wisely & u will do great."
,Recommended,218640,18957335,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,lordholnapult,"Hi guys, may the satanism and blasphemy be with you!While my introduction rises the best welcomes of the year, I've played and finished this game and this is my opinion.Step 1 - if you don't like puzzle game with classic satan cliche' it's better if you look elsewhere, but if you get this game under the helloween moon, a bit for fun, and a bit for curiosity, you will not regret.The game focus on how to kill people of a house without be directly involved. This means no shotguns, no direct approach, no fireballs... (maybe). Anyway you have to inspect the house, find elements and merge them with the environment to produce consequences... people react to consequences and in that fault you may arise into the lucifer domain, killing without a trace.A part the story that is enough funny and ironic, the game is serius and grab from pagan legend the history of possessed people. In any case you are the Evil there, so you don't have nothing to fear about. This make the story a horror story.. fo the others!Well it's all funny?Yes... someway. I've noticed a couple of bugs (the most bad was at the last scene, so I had to reload the game to have the game complete... and this was disappointing) but in general the quest are interesting. You will have to use also superpowers during the game progression, with an insert of new mechanics to complete the job.Boring is also the saving system. If you quit, some object and actions you have done will be erased. The checkpoint are of course the kills. Graphics is detailed but a bit plastic. Your character move and play without saying any word, while the people of the house always repeat the same things.Well, if you are going to get a smooth and interesting halloween this is the game for you. Do not expect it will last a life.. just a couple of days to be finished.Lord Hol Napult's experience: 7/10"
76561198071343567,Not Recommended,218640,19091960,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Sam B,"It's just boring, no creativity at all. Only one way to kill every person and after three kills I just got fed up of it."
,Recommended,218640,13060194,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dev Kev,this game is wicked
,Recommended,218640,13003295,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Vanity Dagon,"An interesting game concept; play as a demonic possessed kid and kill off the household. It's kinda like playing the Sims if you were Satan.You free roam around the house looking for a way to kill your next target, set everything up, then let the brutal cutscene commence. Most of the puzzles involve just setting up the murder in the house, which the game kinda helps you with so its not like you run around clicking everything. Some of the murders are a bit mild, like you just poisen them and watch them die. Then you get to most of the others which escalate to the level of sawing a guys face in half with a saw. So if you like gore, this might get you off a bit.Though the game is short and can be completed pretty quickly, its best to wait for a sale to buy. Even though the game is kinda amusing and interesting, it's content is still not worth $20."
76561198164246170,Recommended,218640,13106320,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,RambleNinja,"Okay I first heard of this game by watching a Youtube streamer play it and I can say I sat and watched him play the entire game and enjoyed the storyline, the game play and even the fact that the main character is not your usual protaganist. I really wanted to play it so I went straight onto an e shop to see how much it was, though unfairly I was unemployed at the time so I could not afford to buy it so imagine my surprise when today on Steam it was reduced and I had money to buy it at last. I played it straight away and although I am rubbish with keyboard controls I found it quickly enjoyable and amusing. The dark story despite having seen it all before was much better than any goody two shoes story of heroism I was used too simply because of the idea of the story despite there not being a great deal of story anyway. I really suggest this game to any gamer type."
76561197995364531,Recommended,218640,13109757,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Noby,"10/10 you play as little boy killing everyone. Trust me, its VERY addictive!"
76561198313414537,Not Recommended,218640,24243072,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,summer,Give me back my  money
,Recommended,218640,24274330,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Leo Danial,"Recommended. You are a child who are just turned into 6 years old, and you will receive a ""guest"" during your birthday. You will then slowly learning, and control your evil power which is bestowed/awaked from that guest.This game is very puzzled though. Some clue might appear on your note book.  I only plaued and completed  chapter 2 (during this review) and it was a good game, and satanic.7/10 for now."
,Recommended,218640,24305500,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Toy Bon Bon Games,"This game is so amazing that I couldn't put it down until I finished it. I finished in a single playthrough that took 6 hours. The concept is interesting, the graphics and soundtrack are quite good, the gameplay is great and the story is intriguing.Despite all the controversy surrounding this game for obvious reasons, I still recommend it. It's nice to play the bad person for once in a video game, that is what makes Lucius refreshing. The music is creepy enough to set the tone of the game and the controls are easy to use. Go buy it if you want to play it, I had a fun time with it, and I believe you won't be disappointed"
,Recommended,218640,24344814,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Jax,gr8
,Recommended,218640,1324087,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,Baron von Arthur,"Truly a messed up game. You play Lucius, son of Lucifer in a house of people who were once your family. You need to kill them all for Lucifer to harvest their souls. Maids, chauffers, deputies, family, no one is safe from this messed up 6 year old. It's a VERY linear game where you need to kill people in a certain order and a certain way for a scripted event. Some deaths are very gruesome like the nailgun to the back of the head. It's a very mature game that's almost a puzzle game. A very interesting take on The Omen film. It's not a great ache but it's not bad.It's 20 very short chapters, will take you no less than 7 hours to finish this game. If you just want something to hold off your satanic killing/assassinations... this is a decent game."
,Recommended,218640,24689697,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,GreenTea,"This game is short but sweet it took me 7 hours to finish and is a breath of fresh air, original, fun and keeps you wanting to see the story unfold.I really enjoyed this game despite having issues with fps drops all the time on low settings with better then recommended specs.Still really good game and worth playing 7/10"
76561198087963592,Recommended,218640,24599448,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,fugg,"thsi game is fun and the creative ways to kill people are awesome. only problem i had was the camera was not what i was used to, but it was still good."
76561198157410379,Not Recommended,218640,24011800,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,PirateEagle,"This game makes its players struggle through its endless bugs, truly awful voice acting/animation, and cheesy dialouge with overuse of slow motion that gives the game an almost comedic tone.Never the less, I did force my way though the levels, and I still got some fun out of it, but otherwise I'd really not reccomend this. It is just too shoddily made. 4/10."
,Recommended,218640,24060610,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,-PixelFace,"ШИКАРНО, в кратце говоря :зМоя сущность советует."
,Not Recommended,218640,24063934,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,P_TOG,"What feels like a should-be fun sandbox murder game ends up being a bunch of one-solution puzzles of murder. Would be improved exponentially if there were more possible ways to go about solving each problem. Still, it's a really interesting game, just not one that gelled with me.You can watch our attempted playthrough here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoQVsov5Zk0"
,Recommended,218640,24029930,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Shady,666/666
,Recommended,218640,24217321,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nora's Company,Nice game.
76561198091822138,Recommended,218640,24029937,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Black Lotus,A sadistic little piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥kills everyone in the house including priests?! Love it. 5/7.
,Recommended,218640,25385617,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Tommy Boy,"Really fun to play through, wish it was a little bit longer though! The music and the atmorsphere was really good! A game you should defenatly play during halloween! Hopefully the sequel is better or just as good, fingers crossed!"
76561198105445916,Recommended,218640,25363237,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Fugitive Mind,"An entertaining puzzle game with a unique concept. It's actually a lot of fun and features some great music and controls! However, the second half of the game becomes lazy with the puzzle design, almost as if the product was rushed. Also, you are forced to murder people in specific ways while being restricted to a small environment to explore. Get past all of this, and there's still a solid game underneath."
,Recommended,218640,25400292,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,BLEU DE CHANEL,Muhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah.
,Recommended,218640,27592661,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WickedWays,my lil demonic baby
76561198199281646,Recommended,218640,27699784,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Booom!!,Good game!!
,Recommended,218640,31262545,Posted: 20 April,all,alexy -iwnl-,PROS- nice storyline- realistic sun- creative kills- mommys little boyCONS- no hints- satanic
,Recommended,218640,31226913,Posted: 18 April,all,King of Shadows,"As long as you do your chores you can pretty much kill people and get away with it. Your a child, so we forgive you.Besides...the devil made you do it, it's not your fault."
76561198068839914,Recommended,218640,32972683,Posted: 28 June,all,Medrine,"Ever want to be the Antichrist? Now you can!Firstly the game is very poorly optimized, I have a Nvidia 1050ti and the game only gets about 20 fps on low or Ultra settings. So long as you don't mind the poor fps the game has a very good storyline and is very replayable. Got it when it was on  sale and definetly was worth it. Neat ablilties and game mechanics. I'd recommend this game to someone who can maanage dealing with lowish fps but likes playing a villian.TL;DRGame has really poor fps no matter what your system specs are. Still the story is very good and it's fun to play as the antichrist."
,Recommended,218640,33002435,Posted: 29 June,all,AncientSkull CSGOHandouts.com,por 2 reais ta good
,Recommended,218640,33146735,Posted: 2 July,all,Ashen One,"I really enjoy this game.It's basically Hitman vs The Omen. Although I would categorise the game as horror, its not scary. Almost comical, but not funny. Its a bit cheesy - In a good way.The music is fantastic and really achieves the menacing, mischievous horror theme.The graphics hold up really well. Performance is great but I did experience a few visual and audio stutters that seemed to be triggered right before an NPC spoke, typically while I was sprinting past them. This was infrequent however.Gamplay is well paced and I personally enjoyed the mechanics. You dont have freedom to kill anyway you please like in Hitman, but each kill is more of a singular puzzle.Level design is awesome. I really enjoyed exploring and getting familiar with the surroundings.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,218640,33063249,Posted: 30 June,all,Gustav Goldanio,Moist
,Recommended,218640,33040626,Posted: 30 June,all,Yuri Gagarin,"Well it take times but it's worth it, those kills make me feel so good~ :))"
,Recommended,218640,33025608,Posted: 29 June,all,KennyT,prefer Lucius1 than 2.
,Recommended,218640,32965124,Posted: 28 June,all,Ai no wen deh hetleign bleng,Promotes good Christian values.Top kek sermon. 666/10.
76561198122656542,Recommended,218640,32458183,Posted: 15 June,all,Darevries,"Lucius, a puzzle game where you are a little boy that enjoys casually killing members of his household. Also, Satan.This is a long composed review. If you’re too lazy to read everything just skip to the end and read the conclusion.It is the year 1966. A boy is born in the Wagner household; his name is Lucius. He lived peacefully as the son of a US senator in a mansion full of servants as a rather spoiled child. It is on his 6th birthday that things get interesting. And here is where the game begins.Lucius is a puzzle game where your objective is finding ways of killing people in your household without getting suspected. You have the entire mansion at your disposal, as well as some items you find around which you must figure out how to exploit for the mentioned purpose. You eventually gain too some supernatural powers that help you throughout the game. You know your victim; and now you must figure out the way of killing him or her.Although the overall concept of the story is really good and even unique, the game isn’t totally perfect. It is enjoyable, but I can’t call it a masterpiece for several reasons that do not do justice to its approach.First off, I would like to talk about the story. Personally, one of the things I appreciate the most in a videogame is a good story so I must mention this element first. And what I must say is, if you have this preference like me as well don’t expect a “true” story here; because the purpose of the game are the puzzles, and not the narration. The story, however, can be acceptable on this approach. A storyline is mostly absent through the game but it does have a narration by one of the characters; yet it is only about becoming aware of what a detective thinks of the extremely odd and confusing happenings at the house. The story is about learning about a child (Lucius) and how or why he does what he does in the game. And that’s mostly it. Nevertheless, if you don’t care much about stories and just want to get a game with great puzzles, don’t worry about this point. The story won’t let you down.Next, the aesthetics of the game are… very particular. I really like the style of the graphics and overall design. It really has the feel of a 1960’s old US mansion full of tragic events and confused people in despair. It has little shining elements over deep shadows, and it looks very good. The music blends almost perfectly with every surrounding, too.But then, let’s get to the main point: This game’s genre must be criticized. For the enthusiasts of this type of games, is Lucius a great puzzle game?The overall answer, and the main reason because I recommend this, is yes. Lucius is a very entertaining murder-puzzle game where finding out how to proceed to the next step of a murder or how to use a certain object to kill the designated victim in the end is truly satisfying. The game really has creative ways of fulfilling the objectives and once you get what the game wants you to do, you will feel really satisfied. Satisfied about being such a little genius and creative devil for murdering your family and getting away with it. Yep. However, because the game’s methods are so creative, you will constantly get your mind into a completely blank state not knowing what the heck to do in order to kill that single freaking person. The game lacks of any guide; which is good until the exact steps for proceeding the game get too specific for anyone to guess and you can’t possibly imagine what to do no matter how creative you are. The game does give you clues, however, they are practically useless. Let’s be completely honest: you will find yourself more than one time relying on walkthroughs in order to continue. Given the game’s circumstances, that’s completely natural, believe mebecause I myself did that as well once or twice.But that doesn’t mean the game is impossible to figure out. I mean, there are around 3 times when the answer is completely obvious and other times where you just keep walking in circles around all the mansion confused as hell. But overall, as I’ve already mentioned, puzzles can be figured out and when you do you feel ultimately satisfied. Even if the objective is the same all game and the chapters get repetitive, each killing method is always different from the previous.ConclusionLucius is a puzzle game where you must figure out the way of killing your victims without being suspected. For this, you have a whole mansion at your disposal with lots of items and some supernatural powers. The story is nothing impressive but it is okay; good thing is that it has a narration from one of the character’s perspective through the story. It has a nice visual style and fitting music. As a puzzle game, it is really good and truly entertaining and satisfying; however, the puzzles might get hard to guess at some points and the lack of any guide in the game is no help.Worth buying?If you want four to eight or so hours of thrilling puzzles and a not-too-complicated story you should definitively check this one out, especially if it’s on sale.Also buy if you want to murder everyone in your household as a 6-year-old boy."
,Recommended,218640,33209043,Posted: 3 July,all,Silentry1,Great game i like the aspect of it. the envoirment is ok. the movement system is easy to get used to. all out fun game if you like making people suffer their death and killing your enimies! only thing that i have to say that is bad about the game is that the graphics arent that good! yes it came out a while ago but its not the standered graphics at the time. and i know i only played it for almost 2 hours so far but ive been enjoying it! i give it a b+
,Recommended,218640,33174886,Posted: 3 July,all,Jamal,9/10 not enough Lucifer
,Not Recommended,218640,18272494,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,the real pewdiepie,It was fun at first. Quickly got borning and repeated.
76561198249645034,Recommended,218640,33333234,Posted: 6 July,all,camgerb,"A interesting game that u should get when its on sale for about a dollar but only get if u think that u would like playing as a little boy who has the devil as a mentor and goes around ""fetching souls"" for him Whitch means u kill a lot of people8/10 will play some moreSometimes it can be a little confusing about how your going to murder the person"
76561198307078260,Recommended,218640,33278877,Posted: 5 July,all,Cams,"I LOVE THIS GAME!The controls are easy as hell, the ""chores"" thingy are easy enough to gain gifts to help you in your missions. I love that you can pretty much break anything and you can talk to anyone. Some of the missions are a bit tricky, like when Lucius is fighting the reporter. Had to retake that 15 times if I'm correct. The story made scenes and the characters are lovable especially the mom. Wish it was a lot longer though but overall totally recommend this game!!!"
,Recommended,218640,33561407,Posted: 15 July,all,alicethebandito,"First of all the controls in this game are extremely messed up. It will drive you crazy. If you don't mind clicking every edge of an object just to pick it up and you're here to worship Lucifer aaaand sacrifice for him, go for it! Eheheh I personally love this game because of the concept, but I'm still cursing at the controlls...A lot."
,Recommended,218640,33592482,Posted: 16 July,all,Sarx,"Good game but so much bugs remaining after so much time.Sometimes you will have to check the solutions to know how to pass the bugs if, like me, you explore without following step by step the script."
76561198154267594,Recommended,218640,33615260,Posted: 17 July,all,ElmoShootsKids,Spawn of Satan. Hell is your best friend and teacher. 10/10.
,Recommended,218640,33628877,Posted: 18 July,all,nosse,This took ~12 hours to complete while absolutely hammered. Not that challenging. Still enjoyable. Atmosphere works.
,Recommended,218640,33584576,Posted: 16 July,all,Black Jesus,Childhood dreams come true
76561198271835276,Recommended,218640,33673004,Posted: 20 July,all,nafo,Good tgame 10/10
76561198054297474,Recommended,218640,18425074,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Elis_Eris,It is very nice game but quite difficult without walkthrouth and game is short. However I still enjoy it.
,Recommended,218640,30498107,Posted: 13 March,all,Smokey_420®//hellcase.com,"I picked up the bundle at 5$ive played an hour now.. And I like itfor the price ive paid, for the graphicsI cant say its a bad buy!i cant wait to finish lucius to start the second sequelof the game!its a pretty descent game and concept!dont be scared to buy this game! ;)"
76561198159945712,Recommended,218640,14181357,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,loganpfaff04,The Game Is Awsome Butt You Better Have Nice Computer Because it lags
,Recommended,218640,390530,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,Pyronite,"Near-broken game design is saved by a fantastic environment and the novelty of the story. Play it, but play it with a walkthrough."
,Recommended,218640,15319352,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,hendrikk1,"From the devil satan father, then he speaks to his son for killing."
,Not Recommended,218640,14999268,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Braxton,I'll pass.
76561198043902949,Not Recommended,218640,15055720,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,smiggie balls,"It's just a cheap knock-off the Hitman series.Study targets movements, follow directions, identify patterns, use all to kill target.Dull."
,Recommended,218640,15031788,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Mr.Blackrose,Goodgame
76561198086143656,Recommended,218640,30632720,Posted: 20 March,all,SomeKindOfSam,The Omen meets Hitman.
,Recommended,218640,19403452,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,PinkPony,"A fun little game that I finished in (more or less) one 6-hour sitting. This game has as much jank as it has charm, and while being very linier, the puzzles are mostly stright forward (I resorted to a guide 2-3 times for specific moments, usually when there was a very specific spot you needed to interact with) and the murder animations are incredibly brutal, for the most part.The stealth sections are garbage, as are the 'fight' sections, but these are both in the minority. Acheivements are dolled out fairly generously to begin with, but there is a 40-hour playtime acheivement which, as I already mentioned I finished the game in 6, will require me to leave the game running on its own for quite some time.All in all, I recommend this game because it was fun and had enough content to keep me occupied and engaged for the entire time, which is more than can be said for titles like Assasin's Creed. Get this game, but get it on a sale, because as enjoyable as it was, it wasn't without its hiccups 'and' was completed in one sitting, so value that how you will."
76561198234690636,Recommended,218640,19589279,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,oskars.berzins_09,"Awesome game, cool content and great ""killcams"" :D"
,Recommended,218640,19598365,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Semoga Hoki,"very nice game, but it not horror games, just puzzle and logic games"
,Recommended,218640,19714857,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,old savage 🔥,"That moment when u do the tour of the house,to find the victim ! 69/10"
76561198069959842,Recommended,218640,19741783,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,BlueAce417,"Remember in Oblivion (Elder Scrolls Series) when you're in the dark brotherhood and you get to kill the house guests? This is a roided up version of that very short quest. But you can't be too blunt or obvious about your kills, no crouching with a sword this time, instead you've got to watch them, learn what they do... and proceed through your plan to ultimately sacrifice them to your ""father"".Its a great game and I recommend everyone try it at least once."
,Recommended,218640,19735325,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Liun,Worth playing once but be wary it has more bugs than an early alpha access game... In the last level it gets so frustrating that it's almost impossible to find out what is happening around you.
,Recommended,218640,18479176,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Marshall 159,Excellent horror game and not to hard to get 100% of the achievements.
,Recommended,218640,19638937,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,✘ᶰᵉᵏᵒ✘,+ Plot and the characters were very interesting. I also liked this games black humor and soundtrack (dark and mysterious).AND tricycling round the mansion. yess- Damn buggiesI recommend this game if you want to play as the son of the devil.
,Recommended,218640,421468,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Rockmonix,"It's a tough call to recommend Lucius. The premis behind the game is solid. You play as the anti-christ being trained by you real father aka Satan to hone your powers on your birth parents and their staff by killing them all one at a time without being caught. The execution however is rocky at best. Stiff animations and an overwhelming lack of instruction leaves the experience more frusterating than it needed to be. One more than one occasion I started a chapter not knowing who my target was so I wandered the huge property of the mansion, checking every room I could think of for nearly 45 minutes before I finally caved and checked online. That's a bad sign for game design. This is an indie title and if it wasn't released during the Halloween season there's no way the producers would be able to justify the $30 price tag. My bet, this title is going to see a price drop and if you're curious about it, wait for it to a $5 sale and pick it up, otherwise, you're not missing a lot here."
,Recommended,218640,19697165,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Softball Louie,"This game is soooooo badass, the graphics are cool, but overall it's just fun to play as the Devils son. 8/10"
76561198168969411,Recommended,218640,19714650,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Cosmy,"It's most sickest game i ever played, i like it so much! Worth all my money :D"
76561198098128191,Recommended,218640,19458778,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,NIMBLE_JIM,"While very linear and clunky at times, I found this game enjoyable and played it right through to the end despite being very frustrated with it on more than one occasion.  Something about the game made me want to keep on playing, even though it appears unpolished with more than its fair share of bugs. There is something of a charm to this game, the clunky character animations and bad voice acting often made me smile and reminded me of older generation games where things were more basic, so it gave me quite a nostalgic feel.It's a nice idea for a game (depsite the story being obviously copied from The Omen film!), you must play as Lucius, a young boy who is on a mission to reap souls for Lucifer.  To accomplish this, you must guide him around the house, killing 1 person at a time in a variety of creative (and sometimes ridiculous) ways, as another reviewer said, however unrealistic some of the kills are, they always make some sort of logical sense, so you don't feel too cheated if you have been stuck for a while and then accidentally discover the solution. Some of the kills do raise a smile with their creativity!Wait for the mission where you have to catch your uncle in a compromising position with one of the servants - I did laugh out loud when I opened the door!While the game is fully third person free roaming, it is very remeniscent of point and click games of old - 'combine object A with object B and use with interactive object C' etc, so you are very restricted in what you can do and must follow a set order of actions.There are several design issues with the game - often you come across objects that are meant for a mission later on in the game, you try to use them, thinking they are for the current mission, nothing happens so you discount them, only to find out later on in the game you can interact with them, but only when you are meant to.  I feel such objects should not  be accessible at all until they are needed or if they are, there needs to be some explanation for why you cannot use it, or even a 'I don't need this at this time' piece of text.The save system saves the game at the start of each mission stage, but also saves all sub-mission info done after that point.  As a result of this, you often end up with objects in your inventory that you have already used - eg. if you begin a mission, complete one of your chores, then quit out.  When you restart, the chore will already be complete but the character who asked you to do the chore will begin asking you again and the chore item is back in its place. This doesn't break anything, but could be confusing.I did encounter multiple crashes during the first stage of the boss battle at the end, I did however manage to get round it by rushing through once I had worked out how to beat him, still - there seems to be an issue there.To summarise - despite its shortcomings, this is a very enjoyable game and will raise more than a smile or two with its quirk and charm, if you are a fan of point and click - you should find this to your liking."
76561198273184706,Recommended,218640,30505534,Posted: 14 March,all,Depressed-Creepypasta-Queen,10/10 would be the spawn of Satan and kill everyone again.
76561198084938067,Recommended,218640,19382336,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Twichy,its completely demented but in a good way.
,Recommended,218640,19180460,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,xDKarmaDx,We are part Satan in this game.RECOMMEND10/10
,Recommended,218640,19156306,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,kophis,Funny and worth the price.
76561198038954472,Not Recommended,218640,19195100,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Krieg,"I've played this game for only a short time, but I've found the experience to be long and drawn out.  The system doesn't give you any way of assistance of navigating this confusing place, that is the Dante Manor.  If you had a more defined area to explore and search in, the pace would have been much faster and would have made for a much more novel game.  But as it stands, the game is fraught with small irrtations without relief.  The only source to find a way forward with the quests is to access walk throughs online."
,Not Recommended,218640,19113070,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Viporion,"Recomend or not.It is hard to decide with this game.The graphics arn't that good, but for the price I have seen worse.It is a very linear game with not that many options of what to do or not.The majority of the achievements are easy and fun to get if you ignore the 20 hour and 40 hour achievement.The game is much to short to get them without wasting electricity of the pc keeping the game active while you find something more interesting to do.The ways you have to kill people is midly creative and fun to find out, but that is pretty much where the fun ends."
76561198131316903,Recommended,218640,19325049,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tidaloo,"Shoved a man's face into a lawnmower, would do again."
,Recommended,218640,19169308,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,[BLS] loonatic ☭,nice game spooky
76561198092667430,Recommended,218640,19190889,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Niflheim,kötüyüm ben kötüyüm kötüyüm kötüyüm
,Recommended,218640,19753268,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,HeWhoDoesNotKnow,"The game offers a unique storyline that hasn't been done much before, if at all."
,Recommended,218640,19753361,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,VlaseZ # skinup.gg csgoloto.com,Cool game
76561198085323294,Recommended,218640,20880719,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,FagMuffins,"it was fun, i used a walkthrough because im a f@got"
76561198018610241,Recommended,218640,21287183,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,King_0f_Balloons,"not the best voice acting, some bugs here and there but for an indie developed game the graphics are quite well done. This is a morbid puzzle game and fun one at that. It's fun to get a game where you are the bad guy and its nice to have one where you actually need to put thought into it. 9/10 good fun if your into adventure puzzle games, just a little buggy sometimes."
,Recommended,218640,20851345,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,EnjoyCoke,"Meh... meh lmehm mlehm.I guess some people will enjoy it. I did to begin with, and currently having a really hard time figuring out if I'm sad I spent money on it or not."
,Recommended,218640,20814389,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/Botsmokie,10/10 would recommend this game. Within the first ten minutes I killed a woman by locking her in a freezer and my mom made me clean my room. 100% worth it.
76561197968073802,Recommended,218640,20882710,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,[LR] Laffi,"I liked the game:Good: A really different game than what I am used to. Dark story, with creative ways of gaming. Bit forced (linear), especially locked doors that shouldn't be locked. Murdering people in different way is fun anyway!Mum stalks me! (is that good xD?).Bad: I don't know how to explain this without spoiling, but some things you are supposed to do at some point, aren't  really that easy.Playing this for 40 hours achievement? NOPE! 20 hours? I don't think so."
76561198090223772,Recommended,218640,21232491,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,♋,Wow > luv this gamethis is just the beginning there's more to come lol
,Recommended,218640,21168491,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Lekrom,"When I bought this game I thought it'd be a quick little indy game that only lasted an hour or so.  In reality it's pretty long for the price, and really fun.  I got this and part two for 6 bucks in a steam sale, though i'd have been happy had i paid 20.  Nice graphics if you care about that sort of thing, and well put together.  So far I haven't had any problems with glitches and such either.  I like this game a lot and it's pretty creative when it comes to how you kill your targets.  It's dark, sinister, and you really feel like a creepy little devil child.  It almost feels similar to a less complex hitman game, though instead of an assassin you're a devil child with a few satanic powers."
76561198108031310,Not Recommended,218640,21156108,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"I watched Pewdiepie play this on Youtube, and then I rushed play it after. And I gotta say, I think Pewds was the best part of this game. Its just not that fun. So I actually recommend that you watch him play it, and save your money.5/10 (by yourself)8/10 (watching Pewds)"
76561198114199579,Recommended,218640,14793394,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Man Bear Geek,"So very interesting but buggy. You play as the Antichrist, a kid who murders everyone. It is dark and gruesome but the graphics are not amazing so the gross parts are not too bad. It's buggy as well and hard. I could not beat it without watching play throughs. All that being said it's still a super cool game pick it up at 50% off."
76561198098823104,Recommended,218640,14775032,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ems,"To be honest I didn't expect much from this game, but I was pleasantly surprised! The graphics, gameplay, BGM and voice acting is average (the voice actress for Lucius's mum was pretty good though!), however the concept of playing the Antichrist made this a very entertaining experience.Imagine this game as a horror movie, it would be very scary and suspenseful with all the mysterious unexplained deaths. However, playing as Lucius it was up to me to make these deaths happen and not be caught in the process.Grab this game when it's on sale!"
,Recommended,218640,5320650,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Midget on a Seahorse,"Lucius is a brilliant game, what other game allows you to play as the son of satan an offspring of evil and hate. Who doesn't want to play as a demented 6 year old child with an uncanny lust for murder.The Constant dramatic Cinematics and Blood thirsty gory ways in which the player can kill someone just add to the puzzle solving feature to this game.Lucius gives players a Non-linear gameplay in which the player can be rewarded. Doing the chores in Lucius not only adds to the gameplay and story but also keeps this boys cover in check and rewards the player with items they can use later in the game e.g. a Trike which allows Lucius to move around freely throughout the house.Murdering in lucius also gives the player rewards handed to you by the demonic figure of satan with help from these nasty abilities and the problem solving of the player, murdering becomes all that much sweeter.So dive right in for the demonic and demented mind of LuciusI rate this game 8.5 DAX points out of 10"
76561198006817082,Not Recommended,218640,14316177,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Sardak,"The game seems like it was meant to be something else. The tools are there to make a more freeform game where you could plot deaths but as things stand each ""kill"" is pre-detirmined for you and there is only one way to kill that person. A bit too linear"
76561197998528153,Recommended,218640,14362058,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,The Honeybadger,"I came, I saw, I was the kid from the Omen. Although the getting caught parts got rather annoying, the game itself was fun. It was linear, so I do look forward to part two."
76561198078309831,Recommended,218640,14362533,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,leonidasornelas,"Childhood.  Birthday cake.  Playground.  Friends.  Family.  Schooling.  Presents.  Horsing around.  Dead bodies aplenty.  Huh?  Now, most people would never equate dead bodies with their childhood but you will when you play as the son of the devil.  Lucius is the a gem of a game beacause it flourishes with what so many fps video games refuse to admit to: that we don't need a reason to kill anyone.  Okay, in Lucius ""dad"" wants more souls so we have to kill people for that reason.  However, like every other gamer whom has played this game the joy of Lucius lies in the simple question ""whom should I kill today?"".  As I played I thought of a song from a little known heavy metal band from detroit called Meliah Rage.  That song was ""Kill To Survive"".  As people died before my eyes in all matter of gore I sang to myself, ""I kill for killing, cause killing is my life..... I kill to survive"".  That's as much as I can remember but this game delivers that devilsih joy of just killing people.  Of course if I had made Lucius it would get ban every where on Earth because there are levels of depraivity, narcisism, and homicidal intention that people in the real world sink into without remorse.  I would have given the gamer not just mind control but several options to make those dummies do something disgusting. Hopefully the secong game of Lucius will set our murderous selves free and let the gates of hell consume the world.  Ha ha ha ha ha ha.  Thumbs up."
76561198032080351,Recommended,218640,13513227,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Calmus Downus,"Bought this one on a whim, tempted by its description. No regrets, lads. Lucius has this nice feeling to it. Something like first Mafia and Max Payne 2. There's no shooting and you play as a six year old spawn of Lucifer born on 6 6 1966(jesus...) but resemblance in serving the plot and world is collosal. Gameplay straight out of Hitman series with some supernatural powers.Had a lot of pleasure playin this, it was a one day blast without a rest. Not every day you are the bad guy without morals, or are you?"
76561198012988831,Recommended,218640,2812396,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Mooseknuckle [1upZ],"If you have ever been curious about what an antichrist would be like as a child, Here ya go.  Seriously!"
76561198125564218,Recommended,218640,11248407,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Araq,OMFG SO AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LUCIUS IS OPEN WORLD MANSION MURDER SIMULATOR!!!
,Recommended,218640,11249521,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Gick,"Great game, I loved everyminuet of it."
,Recommended,218640,10979076,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,godlikemouse,"Darkness, evil and fun make this game a fantastic play.  I love the aspect of being the evil protagonist along with kill everyone without getting caught.  Highly recommended play, I only wish there were more games like this out there."
76561198151803088,Recommended,218640,12853084,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Koda-chan,I loved this game since I saw a youtuber play it and just had to play it myself. the only small problem I had was figuring out what to do at times
,Recommended,218640,12871609,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Sir Wamuel,Im not into horror games usually but this game I found really fun and I would recommend getting it.
,Recommended,218640,12875828,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Koji,"Lucius was honestly one of the best games I've ever played.Granted, at times, it felt like an adventure game with a set path, but the satisfaction of independently finding out how to brutally maim someone while making it look like an accident is something no other game can match. There are a few bugs and glitches here and there, such as me spawning outside of the bedroom at the start of Chapter 4 and being able to walk freely outside the mansion, but it was fixed by me reloading the chapter. This game is worth it. There is a certain charm about being the son of the devil that just hooks me."
76561198044436734,Recommended,218640,16285373,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,erierii,"Creepy child of Satan on a quest to murder his family. Heck yes.Tiny bit repetitive, but an overall easy play.Death sequences are hilarious.Still working to get the 20hr and 40hr achievements.You can beat the game in under 10 hours easy.I can only play through so many times, gaiz. :<"
76561198000024622,Recommended,218640,16276910,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Syine,So much reverb.Best played muted while listening to a horror soundtrack playlist on youtube.
76561198034994455,Not Recommended,218640,17429502,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Roze big 1994,"Lucius is a simple and completely linear game about killing people for the glory of Satan. As the son of Satan you are giving cool powers, but can use them only when the game wants you to. In fact, only when the game wants you to do something you can actually do something, unless its doing chores as a sidequest. This is the game in a nutshell...Most people insist this game is a puzzle game and that should make up for its linear play and restrictions, I completely disagree: to kill your target you are almost spoonfed how you need to kill someone (no thinking required wih all the hints). The ""puzzling"" consists of searching for items in a big mansion where they are just waiting to be picked up, just very hard to find as most are very small, and adding these items in a very, very specific order to get to the next stage of the kill. I didn't feel like I was carefully planning a murder for Satan thinking hard how to do it, I just felt like I was fighting the game to make it process. This game tested my patience a lot more then my intelligence. This linear play also takes away any replayability and can be completed in about 4 hours (yet an achievement wants you to play it for 40 hours).All of this makes it a linear satanic point and click Hitman game with a pinch of walking simulator where you spend most of the time searching for items. Only buy when the game is very cheap or you are an actual satanist (machosist is fine too)."
,Recommended,218640,17411849,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Reborn,I had nightmares all night after playing this game
,Recommended,218640,18027390,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,DorGod,:}
,Recommended,218640,17824847,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ICE BUCKET,Good Game.
,Recommended,218640,17914890,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,pk,"Para quem gosta de uma história sombria com uma boa trilha sonora e nao se incomoda com inteligencia artificial e alguns bugs, pode comprar."
,Recommended,218640,17920433,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,StillShattered,Good!
,Recommended,218640,17968353,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,farhan,killing people with supranatural power XDbut the minus is :difficult to find the stuff to kill9/10
,Recommended,218640,17963986,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,League of leggings,The lag in this game needs to be fixed
76561198027553869,Not Recommended,218640,17975724,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Tactical GummyBear,if you like running around like an idiot not knowing what to do next and having to go check a guide on youtube well this game is for you!!!! feel like home!!!!
76561197984866416,Recommended,218640,18004074,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,steve_baillargeon,"I liked this game a lot, and it reminded me of the cult classics 70's movies ''The Omen'' and ''The Exorcist''. Also, the methods of killings are original and Lucius's powers are awesome, especially mind control and combustion. To enjoy better the game while playing it, I recommend the listening of heavy metal bands who uses satanic themes (Slayer, Mercyful fate, Black Sabbath, etc.)"
,Not Recommended,218640,18024817,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Butter Bot,"While an interactive Omen sounds promising on paper, this game sags under the weight of bad level design and bad character models and lip syncing (not to mention some pretty uninspiring voice acting).It's most cardinal sin of all, and the one thing the game should have going for it, is the actual kills and puzzles are straightforward and bland. This trip to hell is not worth taking."
,Recommended,218640,17978028,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,WILLOGIKAL,"Woke up, rode my trike into the garage, doused my mechanic in gasoline, and set that n-word on fire."
76561198045826063,Not Recommended,218640,17978123,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Pax,"Monotonous killings, and only a few ways to do so makes this game rather lackluster. After waking up and seeing old Satan himself telling a 10 year to go do the dirty deeds is entertaining in itself. Sadly after trying to sneak to kill someone It is dissapointing to be caught by your mom who scholds you and tells you to march right back to bed. If there were more customization options then the linear story and powers this might have done amazingly.4 / 10"
76561198208532221,Recommended,218640,24723007,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,DoughnutBall64,"so dissapointed the fact that it doesnt run n mac, BUT AMAZING"
,Recommended,218640,24775376,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,"Jerma - ""You got a problem?""",So in this game you play as a kid who kills people........also hes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Get this game.
76561198136235875,Not Recommended,218640,22412770,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Palermo,"I really enjoyed that game. The story is good the consept is fresh.Although I wont recommend it.The reason is that is a pazzle adventure, more than anything.And that would not be a bad thing, if the puzzles had a logical solution,In conclusion, this is a extremely linear game, wher you solve puzzles, mostly by luck and expoloration,in order to kill people in a very specific way.Everything is scripted and you dont have any freedom!That is a nice idea with a bad implementation."
76561198043616383,Not Recommended,218640,22643018,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Hendrikus3,"A short way in and already frustrated. I can't stand it anymore. It's not like it has no shred of  entertainment value, but I find it far from a fun game.It's linear, so you have no choices in how it goes - I had hoped for a little more creative space, but that's my faulty expectation I guess. It's more like a chore-like puzzle than anything else. At one point you need to gather laundry... somehow you can only do this one goddamn sock at a time. It's a minor thing, but the annoyance builds. And why the hell do I need to do that with 2 housekeepers in the house? WTF.It's buggy... I had a bug right at the cinematic after the tutorial. Lip sync is off, clipping in animations. At one point you need to avoid your mother, but her pathing is so utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that she gets stuck on the staircase, or in an open doorway, fails to open a door and just keep walking at and away from it.... and half the time the game just games over right there. I just can't get past after 8 tries. It's bloody annoying, because it's not the challenge but the game that keeps me from progressing.At other point you just know that you need to use a specific item, but you move on because your cursor doesn't trigger a use function... only to find out wih google you needed to target a specific micro part that takes a while to get your cursor on right. Come on...After a bit I just lost interest. Oh, another person needs to die. Okay.It's a nice theme, but the gaming element is just weak. I will try to finish it, but it just feels like driving with the handbrake on and a steering wheel that will only turn left.EDIT after a few more hours: On the last few missions, my save file is corrupt and I can't play it. It just crashes when I load it and I really can't be bothered to start the earlier mission again. The entire experience was meh, no replayability, the steam achievements are not challenging because you get them after each scripted kill. I spent near to no money on it, so no harm done there, but damn don't bother with this."
,Recommended,218640,21083235,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Kryptikk,"Really enjoyed the game, although some points of it were fairly hard to find out what to do the gameplay is great.The only problem I'm having with it is the ending level with Charles, one there's like an invisible barrier between me & the door and the right hand stairs, two Charles decides to get stuck on the doorframe every single time I try to get him to go into the room, other than that, great game."
76561198120653463,Not Recommended,218640,21098042,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Hound of Tindalos,Unless it's on sale for $10 or less I wouldn't recommend it. I love Satan and the prospect of playing as the Antichrist probably more than the next guy but I went in thinking I'd get to murder people however I wanted and that the environment would give me the spice of life(death?) But I was wrong. I got railroaded into a fixed plot which wasn't the worst but it stunted my creativity. It sometimes was mind numbing wandering the manor trying to figure out what it expected me to do for a particular victim and sometimes it felt stupid what it wanted me to do. If I have telekenisisWhy don't I use it to get the police detective to kill himself? And if my mother is standing next to a balcony that can obviously be used; why must I wait to use it on someone else? I still got my maniacal little chuckles and brief feelings of guilt.
,Not Recommended,218640,14376874,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,arkane66,meh
76561198129694266,Not Recommended,218640,19919345,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DaBorneLaser,"Screw this game. Seriously, screw this game. Its twisted, vile, and EVILLLLLLLLLer than satan himself.  Nobody should have the displeasure of playing the game themselves, not even the son of satan, Lucius who the game is named after. Even judging by gameplay, its a boring joke of a game. -1/10"
,Recommended,218640,19955862,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,R1LEM =DDD,"Very brutal death scenes, very bloody and very cool. However, this game has some hard missions, that can take some time to complete. Apart from that, 10/10."
,Recommended,218640,19976781,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,AcidicCrayons,"The game is pretty cool, I really like the storyline. The puzzles can really make you think."
76561198204852576,Recommended,218640,19985140,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ChainsawBunny,"This game is so bad it's good. The voice acting, glitches and mediorce graphics turn a crappy game into a hilarious one. It's so much fun to watch people scream and die while their eyes and mouth barely move. That said, I've had the game freeze and crash a few times and the controls are frustrating."
76561198190207337,Recommended,218640,20021526,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,blo-wfish,THIS GAME IS THE SHEIT. I can now worship Satan!
,Recommended,218640,20048334,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,luv,I watched Pewdiepie played this game before so i had interest in buying it. At first i was like hmm should i buy the game or not... But i was like meh.. F*ck it! It took me 6.5 hrs to finish the game.#PlayedWithWalkthroughs #noobPros:-Has a great story-You can unlock cool stuff like a bike if you're a good boy! (if you do some chores)-You get to see some ;)  (you'll see)-Decent graphics-Decent voice acting-SATISFYING KILLS AND SH*T!Cons:-Some characters in the cutscenes have late reactions (LOL)-There are some bugs but its minor.-Few powers sadly :(-The game's kinda short tho-YOU DEFINITELY NEED GUIDES AND WALKTHROUGHS TO FINISH THIS-Can be boring at times if you don't know what to do...10/10 would Recommend this Unholy game :PGive me a +rep in my profile if you found this review helpful :)Thanks!
76561198072253081,Recommended,218640,20024143,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Chance's our your mooted,"Around 6 hours of gameplay.Pros:I saw boobs for the first time.Play as a psychopathic child.Solid item crafting.Cons:""Stealth"" levels are annoying.Some powers are never/rarely used.Most murders are extremely easy while one or two take a frustrating amount of wandering.I paid a buck-fitty and can't complain.  Not worth full price."
76561198132748500,Not Recommended,218640,20069376,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,mellll,"The gameplay isn't bad, but it takes far too long to figure out what your objective is and where the things you need to achieve it are.There is almost no explanation of what to do it or how to do it.So this is what it's like to control a whale.Last scenes are stupid and the ending is just horrible. Bad voice acting and limited gameplay most likely contributed to it.So much wasted potential.... 5/10"
,Recommended,218640,19860466,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,spooky.blake 👻,"Lucius us a good game. It's a great stress reliever, the deaths were pretty amusing (morbidly amusing), and it had enough content that you could take a while to beat the game. There were bugs that made levels impossible to finish and forced you to restart the entire chapter (Chapter 13 specifically, using telekinesis on a certain item could cause it to fall in a place where you couldn't get it again. I had to restart it five times), and sometimes it was overly difficult for no reason (Chapter 10 specifically, sneaking through the mansion if you don't get the glue before you start the mission is god awful), but overall, I really enjoyed the game."
76561197995656590,Not Recommended,218640,20025308,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ignite,"Lucius, The game I have heard its concept and plot from RPS. I admit I do quite interesting to see it by myself. 'Playing as a son of Satan with a power of demon to obliterate the house by a mean of ""Antic""' means. And the result?Pro+ Good soundtrack+Quite an OK voice cast+Interesting plot and story+Good conceptCon- Bad excution on say concept- The puzzle was too linear consider the potential it could offer- Stutter and glitchy graphic- Broken in game objects and glitcy still-Ugly graphic, especially near the end.It could be a good game, But I still wouldn't reccomened to anyone. Not even to a hardcore puzzle or point ande clicking game as well."
76561198213896340,Recommended,218640,20252801,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,chitoge,"this game make my laptop working so hard ,i hope this thing not gonna blowup -_- ,but i like this game and game play is really cool,hope you add Graphic Setting on option ,"
76561198126939378,Recommended,218640,20745774,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"oh, Lucius, you are one hard game to recommend.Slipping into the role of young Lucius, a totally normal and absolutely not demonic child, the player has to spread chaos and murder through out his family's big a*s*s mansion.Evade the maids and parents, murder the employees, make it look like an accident.Pros:- dark and sinister atmosphere- fitting graphics and looks, not very pretty, but survivable and suiting- the murders- roaming around the houseCons:- backtracking- a bit stupid on the story- no real freedom in the murdersVerdict:A decently entertaining demon child meets murder mystery narrative with slight interaction from the player.Get it on a sale, but only if you are into the macabre, gory and dark :)"
76561198020735707,Recommended,218640,20758698,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,The Counterfeit Cunt (From CT),"When I originally bought this game, I was unsure if I was going to like it or not. Let me start off by saying I really did enjoy this game. One thing I should mention is that I personally didn't believe this game was so much of a ""horror game"", it was more of an interesting story about a posessed boy, nothing in the game is really ""scary""; however, the game doesn't fail to include several violent and gorey death scenes. Only complaint about the game was that it went a little quicker than I wanted it to, but luckily, Lucius 2 is available to anyone who enjoyed the game!!!!!!! Would definetly recommend to anyone who is up for an interesting (but not too lengthy) story."
,Recommended,218640,20700213,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ahh wyczul go,Good game with good plot. It's an easy game. Not much to think :) but it give me a lot of fun. Also its easy to get all achivments :) game have some bugs but its playable. for me 5.5/10
76561198128283432,Recommended,218640,20573917,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,bunnychan,"I love this game. I wish I could be a murderous child chosen by Satan in real life, but this is okay too."
,Recommended,218640,20622378,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,April Ryan,"If you've never played this kind of game you should give Lucius a shot. It's not perfect but it is interesting.Ok, now I'm just gonna go back to killing people."
,Recommended,218640,25559799,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,NoahGotStyle,"Very fun game, I loved ♥♥♥♥ing up people and killing em xD"
76561198077719495,Recommended,218640,25519099,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,babydollpinup,"If you liked the movie ""The Omen"" you will enjoy Lucius because it is basically the same premis. Creepy with a few jump scares but mostly milder horror/gore. I realy enjoyed playing the game and knocking off the characters one by one in increasingly elaborate designs. The 1980's graphics/coloring also made me feel like I was watching ""The Omen"" and added to the overall feel of the 1972 setting"
76561198215761685,Recommended,218640,21657487,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Your Favorite Degenerate,"When buying this game, I knew that it would either be amazing or horrible. Lucius succeeds in surpassing my expectations with it's artistic flair and gripping story. with a plot heavily inspired by The Horror Classic ""The Omen""  yet cis creative enough to pump in original ideas and establish its own identity, Lucius triumphs in a storytelling view. the visuals work well with fleshed out character designs and and a beautiful mansion setting, large enough to work as a world within the game and can be explored throughout. If there was one thing to gripe about it's the controls. Lucius has only two speeds: Slow as S#it or fast as F*@k, depending on if you sprint or not. still, the game is well worth a play and I highly reccomend it"
76561198102747785,Recommended,218640,21632879,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ra,this game was soo much fun xDwell worth the purchase
76561198052554580,Recommended,218640,21612481,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,daschus,"8/10.  This was a hoot and a half.  Surprisingly difficult in parts, too.  A TON of cut scenes, but the fact that you're playing the evil character somewhat makes up for it.  I do recommend it, but be prepared for those cut scenes!Pros:-Story-Puzzles-Someone has done walkthroughsCons:-Too many cut scenes"
76561198218974213,Recommended,218640,21534760,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Box_Fish,"LUCIUS.This is a fun, puzzle-solving filled game. Only have i watched gameplays of Lucius on youtube and wanted the game when i saw some of the fun things you could do it it. Not only do you get to run around with the maids underwear, take photos of your uncle having 'relations' with staff and sacraficing news reporters to my devil father to try and win over his love. This game ahs been full of laughs and im not even finished.I highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoys puzzles and blood sacrafice :) shame this game has a lack of goats though. We all know those are the #1 in the sacrafice book"
,Recommended,218640,21528784,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,CrxftedXVI,This is a great game and I definitely recommend it to everyone!
76561198065469785,Recommended,218640,16281783,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,F@tC@t,Good Graphics great feel about it to be honest love the dark scary story line controls are easy to use and good interface well worth the money i spent on it if u like scary type games and using different abilities and figuring out puzzles and clues this is the game for you
,Recommended,218640,21734217,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Centrophy,Very fun. Don't go into the game as a sandbox murder game (that's the sequel). It's a puzzle game and as such there is not a lot of replayablity as there is usually only one way to solve the puzzles. Think of it more like a 3D Phoenix Wright game and you'll enjoy it. Little Lucius is very fun little murderer to play as and watching the family (especially the mother) go nuts as the body count in the house rises is a treat. The murders are also all pretty inventive and fun to watch. Some are just downright gruesome. Give it a playthrough with these things in mind and you'll probably like it.
,Not Recommended,218640,21699417,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,BlackMyst,"I am a huge fan of these types of games. I enjoy interpreting hints to figure things out. Killing my family and others sounded like it would be right up my alley. I was wrong.The graphics are fine. The soundtrack is fine. The voice acting is fine. The gameplay is not. Most of the time is spent walking around from room to room. It takes too long to walk from one end of the house to the other. I have become totally disinterested. The game is very buggy. An error will appear when the view is at an awkward angle and the game shuts down. I then have to start at the beginning of the chapter again. Hints are vague at best. Achievements are mundane.In sum, I can't recommend this game. I got it on sale and I still wish I hadn't purchased it. A good game must have solid gameplay. I didn't expect great graphics, audio etc. But I did expect something more interesting."
76561198109079805,Recommended,218640,21353711,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kaysa,"This game has me just thinking woah the whole time.The idea that a little kid has powers from lucifer and kills people, while having time to take out the ""trash."""
76561197997962810,Recommended,218640,21347963,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,James & the Giant Forehead,"I enjoyed this game. You're on a pretty tight leash and can't do things creatively, but each person has a specific death with an absurd cutscene. Sometimes its quite difficult trying to figure out what to do and you'll find yourself running around the mansion for a long time looking for a small item, but you eventually figure it out. I had fun playing this and would recommend it. Not the best game out there, but worth it, especially if it goes on sale."
,Recommended,218640,21332835,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Courtknee,Awesome tricycle sim... 10/10 would play again
76561198097660975,Not Recommended,218640,21337398,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,HanzGretel,"I wish there was a Neutral button.This game feels kinda like an old hitman, but without all the different possibilities of killing.The game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at telling you what to do or what can be done, so be ready to alt tab-watch guide rinse-repeat.Pro's:-The idea of being the son of lucifer is fun.-Murders are often awesome.Neutral:Graphics, It's not very ugly, doesn't look good either though.Animations... same as above.Cons:-Most of the time you have no idea what to do.-I couldn't find any mods to make the above better, in fact I couldn't find any mods at all and it's probably not supported.-Glitches are plenty, within the tutorial I picked up an item before Devildaddy told me to, and that was it.... stuck there forever untill restarting the level.-Voice acting and lipsync often failes.-You cannot choose how to murder people, you have to do it in a single specific way the game wants you to, and the game often doesn't tell you what that specific single way is.Conclusion:If you like the idea of being the son of the devil and killing of everyone in the house one by one, then maybe get it.Play it in short bursts, and prepare to read/watch lots of guides.."
,Not Recommended,218640,21381384,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Barfkid,"Lucius, from what I knew of it, seemed like a great game. It had an interesting premise, the opening animatic looked great, and the idea of killing people to gain devil powers seemed cool. And it is, in theory. The game itself is awful. It's glitchy and even broken at places, the graphics aren't really much, and overall, if I was asked if I'd purchase it again, I wouldn't.  You're left to figure out what to do on your own most of the time, with very vague, and very unhelpful clues. The controls are utter rubbish, and you're unsure of how to do anything most of the time. For many things, it's a trial and error kind of process, and while that in itself isn't such a bad thing, here, you must know certain things (such as not stepping in a bedroom, having to crouch just right to kill someone, or having to be just behind a certain object enough to complete an objective) in order to even complete a level. It's great for laughs, though, at various glitches and some deaths.In short, it's a terrible game and I wouldn't recommend getting it unless you don't mind frustrating controls and poor gameplay in exchange for some confused laughs."
76561198174239577,Recommended,218640,21351494,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mardek,"A great violent game, different ways to kill people and a common but well-told story. supernatural abilities and 2 alternate endings. 8/10"
76561198199118241,Recommended,218640,25792341,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,GodKira101,eyyyy that's pretty good. kill me.
76561198037253037,Not Recommended,218640,25787738,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,DocGangrena,"Im dissapointed in this game.Graphics are pretty nice for game from 2012,storyline is interesting,but gameplay is awful...Goal of this game is to kill every resident in Lucius's house,including your own family.Worst thing about this game is that you have only 1 option how to kill victim.I spent dozen of time running around house having no idea what to do.You need to kill guy who is sitting in chair and smokes cigarettes. Your notebook says he like to smoke... and everything else is up to you... There are at least 10 ways how you can kill this guy,but you have to kill him via prescripted way.Im giving 5/10 for this game."
76561198315082070,Recommended,218640,25767727,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,amory74,wooow
,Recommended,218640,27051177,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hail Hydra,very cool
,Recommended,218640,27320158,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SnMu,"KILL YOUR FAMILYKILL YOUR FAMILYKILL YOUR FAMILYEven if I didn't have the choice of the manner to kill my victims, the game was very pleasant for the sadistic person that I am :DSatan/10"
76561198141250464,Recommended,218640,27330711,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,niktambaro,Cool game
,Recommended,218640,22891953,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Avatar X,"It got an interesting premise since it is like the unofficial video game adaptation of The Omen. That being the premise and the fact it comes from an indie studio are the only reasons why i can consider it an OK game and understand why some people love the game.The only things that really bothered me about the game is that still has glitches considering how many updates it has had and that is very poorly optimized. It also got some really annoying achievements that force you to waste your time just for the sake of it. You can still manage to get them all in 15 hours like i did. If you don't care about the achievements, it can easily be finished in 10 hours or less. It may say in my profile or this review that  i played this game for 40 hrs or more, Hell no, i just left it running to get 2 achievements that require it.Hell yes that you may like it. Liking The Omen movie is a big requirement though.In my case, I did liked it. However, I also got it for 1 dollar, so, that helped its case too.[ Nominated it for a steam award ]"
,Recommended,218640,26393352,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Null,"If this game had been released on the PS2 around the year 2000 I would have loved it.The game itself is pretty fun, some of the deaths can be a little funny just how ridiculous they are, however, towards the end you can see how the developers started to run out of ideas and got bored, early on in the game it took a lot of thought and time to kill a person, towards the end you kill a lot of people within the space of an hour in very dull and unimaginative ways. I mean come on...Using the iron to break the washing machine... TWICE?The game is pretty glitchy, although I managed a full playthrough without having to quit the game to fix a bug, a lot of the bugs just ironed themselves out after waiting a while.TL;DRStarts off well, the kills become unimaginative and boring towards the end and the ending is anti-climatic.5/10"
76561198089316318,Recommended,218640,26486302,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Mudkipz,This is the best game i know to release your inner devil
,Recommended,218640,26454655,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Science-Man,Who would of thought being the son of Satan would be so fun?
,Recommended,218640,26643881,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,chin9_ie & Freelya,"THE GOOD+Antihero Antichrist protagonist is a great concept+Subtly creepy with splashes of serious gore during the murders+Very challenging, with a lot of exploration needed to solve the murder puzzlesTHE BAD-Kills are all linear-Puzzles involve pixel hunts through a huge, heavily detailed mansion-Needs more overt black humor to offset the grim nature of the storyline-Very long load times6/10"
,Recommended,218640,26652749,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Miraak Cultist #47,"It's a very fun game! So delicious to play and figure out how to take care of your victims. I found the voice acting and some of the dialogue a bit poor, but it's a game worth playing."
76561198006064469,Recommended,218640,26538342,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DeAdMaNz420,Lucius was a lot of fun.  Bought 1 and 2 on sale for around 5 bucks.  Definitely recommend!
76561198287162050,Recommended,218640,26495393,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Mikalirious,"I Really Enjoyed This Game, I Completed It With All Achievements (Easy). The Ways You Kill The Manor Residents Was Fun & Hilarious At Times."
,Recommended,218640,24109248,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,newhanddroid,"Funny Game......I feel the devil power rising in my body, the power........"
,Recommended,218640,26323728,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Tausyer,"Lucius is a fun game, but it gets very repetitive which is kinda annoying. The wait time into the game is kind of long as well. Good graphics though. I would reccommend this game because it's only $10, but the game its self is only about murdering people for your father (Lucifer or Satan). I mean it's worth a try but it gets boring after a while."
,Recommended,218640,21055283,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Amokachi,i just finished this game 5 min ago and i like it. i finished in 1 day incredible game (Y)
76561198213896639,Recommended,218640,26820553,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WolfDanTheGamer,"I first seen this game on Pewdepie. (who else) It took me a while to get it. I used a shiity laptop to play the game. It runs around 30 fps at max on low setting but it is playable, just get at least 16 GB and a 980 Geforce to play this on good settings. The gameplay is a Hitman like clone but with no body draging and less freedom to do whatever. The Powers are only used in a certein place in the house. The playable charater is cool and I can't help but root for him. The game does have a game breaking bug that happens in the end of the game but it could be my PC than the game. The music is great and ok sound too. Voice acting is♥♥♥♥♥♥but in the good old school horror way. The map can get coufsing and the game barly holds your hand so some traild and error is nessary. I think the story gets the job done."
,Recommended,218640,26956658,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alicia,"It's a fun game and the premise is interesting, I only wish there was more freedom to do what you want."
76561198058013956,Not Recommended,218640,20304042,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Elimbar,"The game itself is nice: particular story and characters, the graphic is okay i guess, the mechanics are fine. There are some things that one could not love, like the ""ability"" of the tricycle of going down the stairs, and you don't have to get of the bike. Unfortunately if you are a completitionist like me you will be most disappointed when you will reach the end of the story and look at the achievements: even though the game itself will take 6-8 hours to complete, secondary objectives included, with no alternative choice for the kills on the main/story targets (so no repeatability at all), they want you to play 20 hours for an achievement and 40h for another. Well in a game with other ways to complete it, secondary objectives or extras its not a big deal, you would say. But no, sorry. None in here. And if you thought to do something else during these 40h you misunderstood.. You have to be in the game, no shortcuts.. Well, not a big fan.."
,Recommended,218640,20306018,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lo Wang,"lucius, the most evil kid on the planet earth"
76561198042195861,Recommended,218640,21876067,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Regalium,Awesome ! Liked it !
,Recommended,218640,6729340,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,King Dabsalot,This game is top notch best game i've ever played
,Not Recommended,218640,21813665,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ΤΣΠΠΘ,"Lucius thrives on the suspenseful build-up and gruesome pay-off of its high body count, but not much else. The delectable killings seesaw between immersion shattering hilarity and visceral jolts of brutality. The game rapidly falls apart towards the end, as all charm that was present is thoroughly eradicated. Don't go in expecting anything of substance that demands multiple playthroughs.An intriguing concept tarnished by a shoddy delivery.5/10"
,Recommended,218640,14324033,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,BANKKZA,Is an old game that I will never forget.
,Recommended,218640,6467997,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,☽●☾NocturnalGoat☽●☾,I HIGHLY recommend playing this game! If your not sure it's right for your taste's though maybe you should watch PewDiePie on Youtube play it.
,Recommended,218640,24844507,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dammi Figa,A smart game with a great story and lots of character. There is many well made cinematics and good use of music. I very much enjoyed running around the classically decorated old mansion discovering how to take out each target.  I had to resort to a walkthrough for just a few parts but that hasn't made the game any less enjoyable. I'm just a few chapters in and so far I'm very impressed. This is a must play for practical thinkers and murder enthusiasts alike.
76561198133185466,Recommended,218640,26085321,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,CheeseDreamer,"although i like this game a lot, the game crashes after chapter 5 and i cant play chapter 6, even so the game with that offer is one of the best choises you can make, its 1,49$, if you lost the chance then for 9,99$ the game isnt worth it, cause it has some bugs, it should propably be around 5$ to worth the money, if it was without bugs then 10$ is no problem."
76561198124482181,Recommended,218640,26043346,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,bassmickey,Evil Kid Simulator
76561198155019020,Not Recommended,218640,21266280,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Zorlock Destroyer of Vaginas,Lags to the point where I can't even play it :/
,Recommended,218640,25594520,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Project7,"Jogo até que entretido, mas algumas vezes você fica meio perdido sobre o que fazer, pois nem sempre é tão óbvio. O jogo tenta imitar um Hitman, mas ta bem longe. Vale a pena jogar pra passar o tempo."
,Recommended,218640,16477601,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Racista,finished the game it was great experience and good story and gameplay. Environment was also good but some pros on game play. Except that fewer gameplay issues totally worth the money
76561198042145848,Recommended,218640,16462942,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,HEAVY METAL ZOMBIE,"Needs quick saves as i am stuck trying to sneak around in the dark to find my Grandfather . YES , i did it .....nope , i must sneak to get super glue and back . Grrrrrrrr .Overall , it has been fun"
,Recommended,218640,16236329,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dinotar,"This Game is very creepy and fun to play! You feel  like you are the star villian in a b rated horror flick.  Must buy for horror movie fans.  Game play reminds me of some tittles I played in 90's , where you were always trying to figure out what items went with what and once you found them where to use them. I plan on buying 2nd one hope its is as good as this one."
,Recommended,218640,4143587,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,☣HELLRAZORANGEL™,Nothing would make me happier than if this game was brought to XBLA!
,Recommended,218640,27918234,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mandi,very entertaining and SPOOKY
76561198201411763,Recommended,218640,28543986,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,mutt,good game but dont take your time in between plays or swap with a controller in between you will forget all controls (or at leastr i did) and have to start over
76561198062478912,Recommended,218640,28459762,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,BogarmWitch,Super fun! I'm getting Lucius 2 asap!
76561198107402114,Recommended,218640,28351976,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,COS,im on ♥♥♥♥in rampage
,Recommended,218640,28359157,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RenZhai,Finished this game within 9 hours and now I have to wait (idling) another 31 hours to fully complete all the achievements. Ggwp!
,Recommended,218640,28442589,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,papa franku | hellcase.com,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,218640,28456158,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,BodyModz | Xnxx.com,"This Game Is Amazing , i got it on sale for $1.49 but i would still pay 9.99 for this"
76561198074128299,Recommended,218640,13836869,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mick,"You play as Lucius a little boy who receives orders from the Devil himself ordering you to kill various people in the mansion in where you live.In order to do this you will have to roam the huge mansion in search of items which you can use. Figuring out which items to use on a person and how to perform the execution without being caught can be tricky and you will have to use your brain to figure out the best way.Overall a pretty fun game grab it when it's on sale, it only takes around 9 hours to complete and the achievements are easy."
,Recommended,218640,28652385,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,brock,"Now, I've only played a bit of this game, but I would say it's VERY interesting, some parts are a bit difficult, but nothing bad.I'd buy."
,Recommended,218640,28782310,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,El Hijo del Joe,"For as awful as this game handles there's a certain satisfaction in finally solving the puzzle that makes your groundskeeper stick his head in a lawnmower. The schlock writing and audio lifted fromFreeSounds.com(which accounts for over half of the credits) makes this a fun, if very... VERY flawed, experience. Suggest to get on sale, if possible."
,Recommended,218640,29035971,Posted: 5 January,all,patronusgold,"I am going to make this review quick. Basically you play as the son of the devil. You sacrifice people in your household for him. Warning: the deaths are extremely graphic; splitting heads, burning alive. It is a horror game that is the opposite of normal. You play as the villain. Enjoy killing people and using powers around the mansion. Only bad thing about this game is that the map is hand drawn and may be hard to read.Good game though."
76561198218019269,Recommended,218640,29024161,Posted: 4 January,all,SuzyDragon,It's so fun playing as a devil child killing off the people living with him!
,Recommended,218640,29069777,Posted: 6 January,all,aetherquintessence,"It shows its age a tiny bit, but this is still a really cool idea for a game and I think it beats the plot of the Omen by a longshot. Runs fine on Windows 10. The OST is actually really good - if you like it, the tracks are all in a YouTube playlist somewhere. The house is a little tough to navigate at first but its a pretty easy map once you have it memorized."
76561198262599357,Recommended,218640,28884922,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,princess_powerz,"Great game. It really makes you think about all the possible ways to get rid of people living in Lucius home and if you have items to do so. Gore, unwarned nudity and other thing, and stuff to play around with. Getting to know each character that you may hate or love and finding humerous ways to rid them."
,Recommended,218640,28888141,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,smokinbullets1004,"reminds my of a horror move and as a ""expert"" horror movie watcher as myself i realy appriceated the story line along with the pulling attraction of suspence 8/10"
,Not Recommended,218640,23468431,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,gunsage,"In the first chapter, you murder someone and meet the devil.  In the second?  You get stuck trying to figure out what to do for an hour and told to pick up your room and brush your teeth.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tS-x_EGbups&list=PLYkTBSuzozCRmWovr0gMsVFUKAo1s94JK&index=74I plan on coming back to this game eventually, but I wasn't very impressed."
,Recommended,218640,29155298,Posted: 9 January,all,Greg,"I finished it, and I enjoyed it, but it has some problems.First, it's extremely difficult and gives you little in terms of guidance. Unless you are absolutely exceptional at this type of game or willing to run around the mansion for hours, you will, at some point, consult a walkthrough. I had to 3 times. Just know that sometimes the right solution is absurd.Second, there are lots of little continuity errors that drove me crazy through the whole game. For example, I turned off the TV in this room, but it's on in the cutscene that follows. I started the car in the last chapter, and it's still shaking as though it's running in this one (but no sound). There were so many of these problems, I have to say it's lazy game design.Then there is the repetitive audio. This was my biggest gripe. In each chapter, each character has a set of lines they will utter at random. Truly random. Sometimes they will say a line and then say it again 3 seconds later.  Sometimes, there is only one line, and they say it every time you're anywhere near them. This also carries over to the TVs. Turn one on, and you will learn that the temperature at Thomas Point light is 60 degrees, regardless of the time of year or time of day. It's very easy to dress for the weather if you live near Thomas Point, because it never changes. I also understand why nobody is ever watching any of the TVs. By now, they have the forecast memorized, and there's nothing else on.Finally, the drawers. For a game with a thousand openable drawers, there are shockingly few interesting things in them.That's it for the most negative thumbs-up review I've ever left."
,Recommended,218640,29241956,Posted: 14 January,all,Kane201,For the most part I enjoyed playing this game. I like the original story and the way it was presented. I will say that its buggy. Sometimes to the point of frustration. I think the story makes up for it and the uniqe characters were a big highlight for me.
,Recommended,218640,29246018,Posted: 14 January,all,Kierzo,Good game but the journal tells you nothing lol. I got stuck so many times and had to use a guide. Still fun.
76561198357174676,Not Recommended,218640,30058707,Posted: 20 February,all,austinviernes99,"The game is good. But damn there are some bugs in it. And idkWhy but it is also laggy. Like my maximum is 15fps. I'm usingAn i3 and nvidia 920m I'm playing fallout new vegas and it runsSmoothly at high resolution(max 57fps). I dont mind cause I onlyPaid a dollar for this game. But still, I had hopes. Very dissapointing."
,Recommended,218640,30020184,Posted: 18 February,all,Blood Lusk,"The game is good, but you dont have options to kill, and the kills are not impresive or amazing, it's a game just for a moment. Nothing to remember. But I have good moment playing this videogame."
,Recommended,218640,29952089,Posted: 15 February,all,1+3+3=7,Ending leaves you wanting more but that isn't a bad thing for a game I spent $1.50 on.
76561198196884525,Recommended,218640,30033737,Posted: 19 February,all,Jakefair,Lucius: it is a very good game for the price that i payed was £1.04 when it was on sale it has a fairly good  story but while playing i found glitches multiples times ( non - game breaking) but overall it was a good game worth the time and money.
,Recommended,218640,30032770,Posted: 19 February,all,nikolis,i am a ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198165004184,Recommended,218640,30081082,Posted: 21 February,all,beast4617,"Being the son of satan is kinda cool. Would've prefered to be satan but this is cool. Kinda makes me wish I had satanic powers. The downside is, this game was really fun but the second game sucks."
76561198331340254,Recommended,218640,30084743,Posted: 21 February,all,Yokoti,Time to hate!!!
,Recommended,218640,28660409,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DarkAgePooma,"Lucius is a very fun game. The story is very fun and it can be very chalenging at times. I am not one to like puzzle games but I found my self really enjoying this one. It is a great mix between a horror game and a puzzle game. Overall, I would give this game a 8/10 and I would recomend it."
,Recommended,218640,28630493,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,𝐌 𝐈 𝑮 𝐈,cool kid
,Recommended,218640,28628861,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ultra,"51/100Buy this only on sale and nothing else to playGenre: Strategy, gore, protagonist, storyPlay-time: 5~10 hoursPROS:- Cheap (buy it on sale only)- Achievements are quite easy (buggy tho)CONS:- Buggy as hell (have to restart sometimes)- Bad controls (played with joystick)- Low fps (my newer games run better)- Useless game hints (at least state whos gonna be the next target!!!)"
76561198121360707,Recommended,218640,27512870,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Daytona,old but good story
,Recommended,218640,28006249,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ozzy | REB & VoDkA,das pretty neat
,Recommended,218640,28520282,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TingauBobou,"After playing this game i literally googled ""how to make a pact with satan"".. The game has nice storyline and convinced me I could be the decendent of lucifer (praise be to him) himself.. Anyone who loves to manipulate peoples' life and be the cause of their suffering then play this game..Finished it in a few days though with some walkthrough help.."
,Recommended,218640,28415012,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Chancey LFT,"For when it is discounted by atleast 60%, i'd suggest buying it for a fun little mess around when all your other games dont seem to be filling your needs. Great GAME but only worth it on discount!"
76561198157648202,Recommended,218640,28060996,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SpookyMOOMOO,"Its a pretty good game. I finished it in about 7 hours.... (the rest was just in idle to get achievements). It has some bugs still, and maybe its my computer but the graphics are alittle wonky at some points. Either way, it was a fun game, and I'm glad i bought it."
,Recommended,218640,21553132,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,SAY10,i like trainsbut this is good game
,Recommended,218640,214588,"Posted: 15 November, 2012",all,Navi [Dying Spree],The kid looks like a complete douch but the game is actually pretty fun.
,Not Recommended,218640,30052783,Posted: 20 February,all,WhisperedEnvy,get farther that chapter four before it just shuts the game off...
,Not Recommended,218640,28680557,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Capital_G,Dull gameplay lacking instruction or directions on your objective.
76561198166509495,Not Recommended,218640,29231812,Posted: 13 January,all,AtomicChronic,"Easily the worst game I own. Its like Hitman, except not fun."
76561198341712703,Recommended,218640,29236751,Posted: 13 January,all,Somebody that I used to know,"One of the best ''Story Rich'' games on PC!Such good story telling,acting,animations and much more."
76561198007736044,Recommended,218640,31071202,Posted: 10 April,all,r0bzz,"Fun game, you won't be suprised by the story line or anything but it's still fun. The extras are a bit difficult until you can figure out a path to take. It does have a few bugs but nothing major."
76561198136301542,Not Recommended,218640,28785182,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,KarmaX,"As much as I love the thought of channeling my inner steamy Satan, the glitches in this game are too much for me. End of Chap. 2 when practicing Telekinesis, the cardboard box doesn't even spawn to put the car in. Restarted multiple times. Replayed both chapters multiple times. Redownloaded once. Even left it running for 30min at the bug for the hell of it.          -Peace out Dante Manor-"
,Not Recommended,218640,30160380,Posted: 24 February,all,Tetravalence,"Only buy if on sale.The game has a lot of missed potential.Powers are limited, using them is pretty sad.Very linear game despite the sandbox feel.Missions are basically puzzles. The clues are usually found by listening to minor charector dialogue. Even then, completing are mission can take a while to figure out ares the solutions are very linear.Personally, I don't care for the game.However, I can see how some people may enjoy it."
76561198257446976,Recommended,218640,30183718,Posted: 25 February,all,ProChoicePriest,"Its a well put together game and i really like the story, its a shame that lucius 2 was so bad but im sure the lucius text adventure on steam is a way more deserving sequal."
,Recommended,218640,26085359,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,TheDipper,(y) Nice game !
,Not Recommended,218640,21234265,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Feral,o
,Recommended,218640,31378922,Posted: 26 April,all,veedfreak,"it's fun, it was buggy and the telekineses was the biggest ball ache, several things annoyed me about this game but not enough to make it bad. I got it on sale for 69p or something so i think that helped. Meh yeah recommend."
,Recommended,218640,31447681,Posted: 29 April,all,integratedgrafx,"I think this game is way funnier and enjoyable in the first 3 hours. In the second half of the game it gets a little silly and more combat heavy which i didn't enjoy since, you know, you're playing as like a 5 year old. still a fun game, i'd wait for a sale."
,Recommended,218640,31442669,Posted: 29 April,all,mari_k202,This is a very good game..you need to think logically in order to fetch items and fulfil the required task..thumbs up for me
,Recommended,218640,31476605,Posted: 30 April,all,SUM TING WONG?,"This game brings on a unique concept as an evil child who not only kills secretively, but also creatively.This is highly reccomended as it is story rich and gets you into it as much as possible. Just make sure you don't play this near any clergy or church.The cursor is slightly offset, but it won't affect the gameplay experience at all.9/10"
76561198067614840,Recommended,218640,31531567,Posted: 3 May,all,flyssann,"Fairly simple gameplay but great fun, you play a sort of Damien type character basically you get to kill anyone who annoys you and each time you make a kill you get new powers from the Devil himself."
76561198352844430,Recommended,218640,31578943,Posted: 6 May,all,GANDALF THE GREY,AWESOME!
76561198318992598,Recommended,218640,31843700,Posted: 19 May,all,KlemberGamesCZ,tato hra je prostě original hrajete za 6 leteho kluka luciuse lucius je antikrist a jde zabít celou rodinu o tom je cela hra zabiti jsou originalni a to vas drzi hrat tuto hru
76561198354381560,Recommended,218640,31329144,Posted: 23 April,all,John_NnN,"Cleared it in 8 hours, so much fun, decent story, bought it on sale for 1$, Worth 10$ tho, Hard sometimes if your not good at puzzles but there is alot of walktroughs, all around good game, (not if your offended by satanic stuff but meh), Gonna go play lucius 2!"
,Recommended,218640,31915980,Posted: 23 May,all,Axel,"Little sister advised me to this game, played a bit of it, lost interest. It's really in the ball park on whether or not it's worth buying, I'm gonna give it a positive review just foor the fact that you lock this really ♥♥♥♥♥y woman in a freezer."
,Recommended,218640,20925455,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,J. 👽,9/10
,Recommended,218640,32005187,Posted: 27 May,all,oOB3rgaOo,"Excellent game! It's my first game as for an introduction to pc gaming (keyboard controls were a mess at first since I’m used to Xbox console) and it was absolutely delicious to play. Graphics are great. Lots of movie scene. Nice murder scenes (enigma like), to figure out. I had NO glitch what so ever while playing the entire chapters. I did all the achievements without a bug.  A to Z it’s a great game. Though the only negative review I could give is that it’s really fast food game cause i could finish it within 4 days. But since I bought the 2 Lucius in a bundle I have now Lucius 2 awaiting XD"
,Recommended,218640,31674082,Posted: 10 May,all,theKLAW,"Nice game. Some characters are buggy, but it's still pretty good."
,Recommended,218640,31672665,Posted: 10 May,all,R.à.Z - Calibore (NewSensi),"In my eyes, a nice mix of Psychonauts and Bully, with Sniper Elite V2 graphics.Only con : the walkthrough is not enough guided... getting stuck after my third blood ^^""9/10"
,Recommended,218640,31704233,Posted: 12 May,all,JessiPie96,"I've played a good portion of the game despite only played for 112 minutes, but I've seen other playthroughs on YouTube (thanks Pewds) to give my overall review.This game is truely comedic in the sense you're playing a possessed little boy, killing everyone maliciously in his home as he is ordered by Lucifer, his father. Nothing more funny than being that young having the power to bend the will of life to your every move! MWAHAHAH.Now onto the schematics of the game.The graphics are very well done for it's time of release and incredibly memorable as well. It gives a slight indie look to the whole style of the game.The storyline is hilairiously beautiful for any gore junkie, and for anyone wanting to expiriment with different horror games. You even sabaotage someone's love life, how cruel >:)Overall it's a great game where you use stealth, powers, and other wonderful additions."
,Recommended,218640,31649125,Posted: 9 May,all,-ЕнЕсЦеЗе-,"The game is fun to play,and you need to use your brain to do something.. The game is really good,but it is so short,you can finish the whole game in like 4-5 hours!"
,Recommended,218640,32081348,Posted: 31 May,all,Madara Uchiha,Pretty neat game.........one of those rare horror games where we get to play as the antagonist which is really fun.There are some minor bugs and glitches but aside from them its a great game.I give this-- 9/10I would highly recommend buying this.
,Recommended,218640,32073598,Posted: 30 May,all,Jeffriod,"Great game, it is a game where you play as the anti Christ so some Christians may not like this game but I have no problem with it. For the actueal game, go for it, it is so fun killing everyone, but it can be easy to get stuck occasonaly so it is hard to complete without walkthroughs.8/10, I would buy this game again for another account."
76561198376317844,Recommended,218640,32406778,Posted: 14 June,all,humblehero14,"This game is passable to a point that I still recommend it due to its concept, gameplay and story.  There are a lot of problems with the game that needs to be addressed though.First off, the game doesn’t do much in helping you figuring out what to do.  I find myself relying on a walkthrough more times than I want to.  I get an idea on how to go about for the murder but the problem is, I couldn’t find the right item.  The hints don’t help much in guiding you towards the necessary item.In chapter 5,I need a water bottle that located in my room.  Without a guide or random luck, I would be searching for a long time trying to find a mere water bottle in this huge house.  There are even alternative means of filling up water as a substitute and since most of the NPC’s are all in one place, it isn’t hard to go unnoticed.Control mechanics are also problematic if you are using a controller.  I’m not certain if this is a problem using keyboard/mouse though.  The problem is, the control layout is based on Lucius’s POV rather the players POV.  This doesn’t seem to be too much of an issue because there is no combat or the main character isn’t being chased like other games; however, this problem becomes apparent when I’m riding the bike.  I constantly find myself swaying side to side until I realize that it’s on Lucius perspective rather than my perspective.  Since the camera is third person (or second person), the controls should also allow for third person so it won’t feel so wonky.There are tons of clipping issues in this game also.  There was one time I went right through a wall with my bike, in the hallway, where the male marble statue was.  Thankfully, this doesn’t hinder the gameplay much.  Even though there are sneaking elements in the game, I won’t be riding my bike during those times.Voice acting isn’t too much of a problem.  At some points, some voice actors were good.  They felt like they were in the moment.  At other points, it felt like they were just reading a script.  The mother was both good and bad at points.  It felt like she was reading a script early in the game but later when she starts to get frantic, I did felt like I cared for her and hoped that I didn’t have to take her out.The biggest problem is some frame rate issues and the game crashing due to overloading of memory of sorts.  This happened several times especially if I go for that achievement to break glass.  The game starts to lag when you break glass, especially many of them too quickly.  Worst case, you break them in front of many people and they all talk at once thus creating a lag and memory problems.All these gameplay and control mechanics is more than enough to make this unpassable but what pushed it as redeemable is the concept, length of gameplay and storyline.The concept is intriguing.  I, personally, am not the type who enjoys playing the bad guy and killing good guys for no reason, especially mindless violence; however, the idea of “planned murder” is usually intriguing in detective shows.  There are small “quests” the player can do that shows Lucius’s “good side” like do choirs.  Since I’m more of a goody-two-shoes, I enjoy this prolongement before I hurt the ones I love.Sadly, each level is linear and there is only one way to go about each kill.  I guess this is okay because the developers want you to see a kill a certain way.  What’s satisfying is figuring out how Lucius will go about to get his kill.  Again, the frustration is finding exactly where the items are to go about it.There are 18 levels in the game.  The game itself should take anyone between 7 to 15 hours to finish.  Additional time  depends on if your going for the achievements and if your stuck searching the entire house for a specific item.  That’s a good length of time for an indie game.The best part I like was the storyline.  It’s not as great but the idea of “smart” serial killer versus the “smart” detective always strike my fancy.  When you get about halfway through the game and the music starts to change, the drama starts to pick up and my beloved mother is getting more frantic by the level, I am more drawn in and want to see how this all turns out in the end.If you can get through a lot of technical issues with the game, I believe it's still worth playing.  I certainly enjoyed it from beginning to the end."
,Recommended,218640,33722242,Posted: 22 July,all,"""-[HO Gaming]-"" f4nc¥ GG.gaming",This game is fun but there some bugs that you are stuck on loading and off course suddenly sometimes the game crashes but gameplay is good though..
,Recommended,218640,33739108,Posted: 23 July,all,Pull Gravs,sp00ky
,Recommended,218640,33719782,Posted: 22 July,all,Chickenjax-,Very Good atmosphere and very fun to walk around the mansion.I really enjoyed the story and thought it was an interesting story.The music is good although it is always repeating and the controls are serviceable.The true flaw of this game is the LACK OF DIRECTION.Seriously i sometimes dont know what to do in a lot of chapters.I had to look at guides for every other chapter or so....
76561197999834437,Not Recommended,218640,33691553,Posted: 21 July,all,narcissyphus,"this is not a horror game, it is pure cheese. maybe, but just MAYBE, if you are easily perturbed you will find this game creepy, but perhaps then it would be interesting.in my opinion, it's just not worth buying. the particulars of each task are so random, i don't know how some people figure them all out much less find it fun.the dialogue or terrible, the characters have an uncanny valley stiff appearance (probably the creepiest aspect of the game tbh, )the chores are an annoyance and add to the feeling of merely executing a list of repetetive and formulaic tasks.if you want a legit horror game, save your money and spend it on a quality title for a bit more."
,Recommended,218640,33814454,Posted: 26 July,all,Cunt,its good wouldnt buy it at full price i got it and the 2nd one on sale but its a great game to just kill time with
76561198076242577,Recommended,218640,33868364,Posted: 28 July,all,driftwood3,Love this game.
,Recommended,218640,34061022,Posted: 6 August,all,ｓｕｎｎｙ ｇｉｒｌ,"Today in the gaming industry there are few excellent games in the genre of Horror. But recently there was a game in which you can not only become a victim of evil, but also create it yourself. The history of the game is pretty simple. The boy, who was born on June 6, 1966, lives in a wealthy family, like ordinary children. But when Lucius was six years old, the devil woke up inside him and ordered to kill all his family and servants. In fact, Lucius is Hitman, only about a child with superpowers. A game with an open world, limited by the fence of the mansion. It is interesting that every inhabitant of the mansion can be executed in various ways. Whether it's an accident with the help of mind control, well, or a brutal reprisal in front of everyone. The game is very light for its genre, but does not lose interest. Lucius graphics are excellent. Rough in my opinion looks like an animation. The sound is also not bad. In the end, I want to say that such a game has never existed and will not appear soon."
76561198061374285,Recommended,218640,34101629,Posted: 8 August,all,Samhyu,Slightly satanic and terrifying but fun to kill people
76561198342622081,Recommended,218640,34097931,Posted: 8 August,all,Criminal2020,A hell of a thrill ride from start to finishRecommended for the hitman type playerTo someone who wants to control the son of satan.
,Recommended,218640,33903319,Posted: 30 July,all,PeepieyS,"Lucius is a six-year-old son of Lucifer , he can :- Can shatter objects with telekinesis- Control people's minds- Erase memories and even set things on fire with the power of thought aloneHe supposed to be killing someone but to draw attention away from his suspicious behaviour , He's doing some chores around the house for his mumRate : 7/10"
,Not Recommended,218640,34120960,Posted: 9 August,all,AnnoyingDog,"I wish I had found something good in this game.. I really do. But it`s just boring. Also you have only one option when it comes to finding the things needed to kill someone, and it is... really hard to find..."
76561198012521999,Recommended,218640,30588975,Posted: 18 March,all,LoveKatch,"Всем привет!Игра супер, если хотите убивать не в чем не повинных людей, будучи малиньким мальчиком, то эта игра то что нужно Вам!!= )))Графика на уровне, сюжет тоже хороший, концовку можно пройти 2-мя способами!Вообщем не пожалеете!И запомните : ВЫ ВОПЛОЩЕНИЕ САТАНЫ !!!"
76561198365822116,Recommended,218640,31252262,Posted: 20 April,all,Bagr98,"I would rate it 8/10Its fun and original, but sometimes confusing, i had to use walktrough on some parts.In the end for 0,99 its must have, but i would have to consider buying it for the full price since you can play trough it in 1 and a half hour with no problem.Edit: i must say i love this game a lot, one of my most favourite games of all time"
76561198200606583,Not Recommended,218640,34148173,Posted: 10 August,all,dorgedrogt,"Wow, This game is boring, sadistic and looks like ****! (when you reached the things that are not in the trailer)This game is a boring waste of money and time and has some very fake characters who don't have proper storyline and/or switch roles throughout the game with no good reason or explanation, no wonder why this kid wants to kill them these are freaking mind ill.And the gameplay is just bland and annoying."
,Recommended,218640,34160470,Posted: 10 August,all,Aightly,"This game is fun but a little bit too short, like it but not completely."
,Recommended,218640,34469947,Posted: 24 August,all,copy.sh,You need skill to understand how this works. It's not a game that's going to give you pointers or highlight certain objectives. Not everything is super obvious on this.
,Not Recommended,218640,35112677,Posted: 21 September,all,Bilbo Bagginhoes,"I use XSplit for streaming and any time I brought up the stream screen it would disable my ability to turn the character with the mouse. I could still click on stuff and WASD worked fine, but I couldn't turn. Nothing to remedy the problem except not using the streaming software, but I stream everything so I just moved on to Lucius 2. Which is...okay.I don't really know if this game is any good or not, but I don't recommend it to anyone using XSplit."
76561197965046644,Recommended,218640,35106876,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,A very simple and satisfying game where you play Lucius the son of the devil with many different powers to kill everyone that comes into contact with you. Enjoy the slaughter
,Recommended,218640,35142209,Posted: 22 September,all,LoopToop,"This game is a classic, brutal game and in a way its also a puzzle trying to figure out how to kill the target. It reminds me about Hitman Absolution since you have a story and can't really play like a sandbox game. If you were looking for a sandbox murder game I would Recommend Hitman 2016 which is the newest edition to the series."
76561198374884489,Not Recommended,218640,35196955,Posted: 24 September,all,sinastarcon,"endured til the end and now the game became unplayable. Now when i start it crashes within 10 secs. *spoiler*It the scene after you kill the deputy and have to kill the priests and all the fire effectsThis has been having frame rate issues since the beginning of the game, story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ checkpoints are unforgiving, you will have to restart missions because the developers decided to put random stealth segments with out telling you (detection = automatic fail), game honestly wants you to do 20 mins of chores at the beginning of most missions (includes cleaning up after your MAIDS). developers pick and chose what ever power is acceptable to use. This game is a boring pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥that i would have tried to get refund for if it wasn't a 1 dollar."
76561198278758950,Recommended,218640,35217189,Posted: 26 September,all,Bluaxa,Lucius is a pretty great game except for the few bugs here and there.
76561198025687364,Not Recommended,218640,35233871,Posted: 26 September,all,L33THash,"Not a terrible game, but not a good game either.Positives:Interesting conceptDecentlly challanging puzzles as you figure out the ways to kill the various peopleNegatives:Very ugly, Lucius looks like he is about to cry at all times.The hints are very obscure for the kills.Sometime syou feel as if you are just running around hoping you find the obscure object for your obsucre kill.Poorly executed game concept.Achievements are a tad annoying (play for 40 hours)Overalll I'd give this game a 4/10. Worth a pickup on a sale for a few hours of entertainment."
76561198204550117,Recommended,218640,34214184,Posted: 13 August,all,NicklePickle,"This game can be dark as♥♥♥♥♥♥Well you are the anti christ but i would buy it again its a lot of fun killing your family with telekinisis,mind control,fireballs,memory erase. Definitly a Mature game though!"
,Recommended,218640,34237576,Posted: 14 August,all,Erecto Pinesso,"This game proves my point right, every kid is a satanic, spoiled rich kid, serial killer."
,Recommended,218640,23111814,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,fadeaway-,Quite a unique experience and storyline. Definitely one of my favorite games.
76561198087621132,Recommended,218640,34839794,Posted: 9 September,all,Elentis,better than the 2nd game
,Recommended,218640,35308258,Posted: 29 September,all,Marťa,"This game is nice, but very complicated for me, i'll recommend this one to someone with high IQ :D"
76561198403939298,Recommended,218640,35459739,Posted: 3 October,all,NostolgicSociety,Good game fun roaming around on your trycicle
,Recommended,218640,35434436,Posted: 2 October,all,OppaiBesar,"If you like burning people, see your victims torture, YES!!! THIS GAME IS FOR YOU. You can stalk your uncle having sex with your house maids. 10/10"
