user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,218820,9463578,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,LlorenR,Like Metal Slug? Like gun customization? Like stabbing people with a fish?I do.
76561197976989318,Recommended,218820,15474371,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,sunface,"I like the game but it is kind of a mixed bag.The story was way better then i expected from a game like this and even if you don’t like it the story sequences are easy to skip. The sprite based graphics are very easy on the eye and the animations look right.Gameplay wise it may look like metal slug but it reminds me more of the slow and precise nature of the old mega man games. You can’t take a lot of damage so its all about positioning yourself to easily take out enemies.  The locomotion of your character depends on the weight of your equipment, particularly your gun.The weapon system works like this, when you kill enemies they drop items, you use these items to craft gun parts and assemble these into guns. If you assemble enough parts with the same stats you can use special ammo, like shots that bounces all over the place or homing missiles. All parts fit together, i.e. you can combine a shotgun stock with a sniper receiver. Now all guns you build are not guaranteed to work well, most probably won’t, but finding one that does is very rewarding and easily my favorite part of the game.The level design is in general pretty decent. You progress in the game by doing missions, but  a lot of missions use the same map. This would not be a problem since there are several kinds of missions and those on the same map are generally different, but crafting gun parts require farming. This can make the repeating levels quite tedious.(mitigate; proficiency: medicine, slot 1: hoarder, slot 2: lucky penny )The bosses in the game inhabit specific places on the map and maps generally have multiple of those. Once you find a boss the mechanics of the boss battle itself is quite good. Easily the worst design decision in the entire game is that unless you are really fast some bosses disappear mid boss battle and appear at some other spot. If you are to slow finding this spot they might teleport again just as you get there. This can lead to some frustration.(mitigate; slot 1:computer, consumable: shock bombs)The question is whether or not to recommend this game depends on if you like mega man style platforming, farming for materials, experimenting with crafting and can work around a few annoying design decisions. If unsure wait for a sale."
,Recommended,218820,8710054,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Y4nni X3nobia,"Massively recommended for fans of Mega Man and other such games from the 1980s and 1990s.  Decently-paced, however at the same time could do with less completely unguided fetch quests before it is released properly (at time of writing this was purchased on Steam Early Access).  As for the Metal Slug vibe a lot of people got from this game, I personally do not see it, given that Metal Slug games are (for the most part) linear experiences, however Mercenary Kings allows the player to explore the map, not to mention Metal Slug's one hit and you're dead gameplay is not present in Mercenary Kings."
,Not Recommended,218820,13569863,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Japanese pop music from the 80's,"When I heard the description ""Metal Slugmixed withMonster HunterwithScott Pilgrim vs The Worldgraphical art style"", and the screenshots that complimented it, I bought this immediately. That's my like dream game! How could you go wrong? Well, upon playing the first few missions, I realized it was *nothing* like Metal Slug. Unlike actual run n gun games, where combat is hectic and explosive, enemies are strategically placed and tend to be bullet sponges. Even the boss battles manage to be boring. This, in combination with the sluggish character movement, makes the game-play very slow paced at times.But hey, ""two dimensional Monster Hunter with guns"" ain't that bad of a description, so does that aspect of the game redeem it? No. The main problem of the game is thatyou can only use one gun for the entire mission.This little factor completely changes my opinion of the game; missions can take from ten to thirty minutes to be completed, maps are repeated constantly with different objectives, and enemies are predictable in style. I wouldn't mind these faults, but with only one gun, your customization and freedom can never be unleashed to use different play styles for each long section and thus it gets boring very quickly. You can equip different kind of grenades and melee weapons, but they are far from sustainable to make a difference.It's such a shame, because the game has got a lot going for it. The art style is beautiful, and the smooth animations and characterization add a charm to the game. The music is also very well made, although voice acting is cringeworthy. The crafting system is incredible, in every mission you can pick up materials such as iron or animal skins which can be used to craft weapon upgrades and items, and the gun customization is a great concept that allows you to use revolvers which fire grenades and other ridiculous variables, but it's overall executed poorly since only one damn gun can be used at a time. The main saving grace is the local co-op multiplayer, which is much more fun than playing it alone, but even that can get boring at times.Overall, it's a very pretty game, and can be a worth a try, but overall I can't recommend it. It's such a damn shame, because it has so much going for it, and one of the few indie games I bought at full price (£9) because of its concept, but once you get over the pretty icing, there's not much left of the cake."
76561197993212095,Not Recommended,218820,8587634,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Ohmi,"I really wanted to like this game and I love Paul Robertson's art style but the game itself has a lot of anti-fun aspects about it.  It's a 2D platformer in a run-n-gun style which I tend to love.  Here's where the problems come in:  You do missions most of which are fetch-quest style but locating who you're supposed to find or the items you need is completely ambiguous task and the map isn't much help.  Also there's time pressure and enemies that are purpose-built to slow your progress (like the guys with the shields).  Other than that, why is there a reload mechanic in this game?  Gears of War has it because it's a cover-based TPS where you have down-time while in cover and it fits the game style there.  Lastly, why can I not shoot diagonally?  There are plenty of instances where enemies are placed on diagonals and are attacking me but I can't fire back.What I expected out of the game was something more fast-paced like Contra/Metal Slug style game.  If you want it to be more  ""adventure"" oriented the time-limit is a big roadblock to fun exploration... the game would also need to be less repetitive enemy/level variety as well then.  Like I said, I really want to like this game so I hope you can take this review to heart and do your best to bring out the fun in the game before it's too late."
76561197991290838,Recommended,218820,7982394,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Double Vision,"KICKSTARTER GAMEThis is a kickstarter game and at the time of writing is not completely finished ( although there is a lot of content already present). It has a very metal slug esque feel in terms of both graphics and gunplay. It does have a very weird control system which takes some getting used to and I would reccomend a controler until they fix the keyboard layout or at least support a mouse.  This game takes the metal slug formula of platforming, crazy bosses and twitchy gunplay and adds customizing guns, collecting items, and quests (which are either fetch quests or go here- kill this quests) to the mix.While I would normally reccomend buying this game on sale, there are two reasons I will instead reccomend full price:1) They consistantly add more content as time goes on. This of course lends itself to waitin until the game is actually complete before purchasing but2) Being a kickstarter, these guys are a small indie (indy? ) studio and as such would benifit more directly for a full price purchase as a larger portion of the sale would actually go to those who directly made the gameVERDICT: BUY IT IF YOU LIKE RPG IN YOUR METAL SLUG. BUY FULL PRICE IF YOU LIKE INDIE GAME STUDIOS. GOOD ENTERTAINMENT VALUE FOR THE PRICE AND MORE CONTENT IS CONSTANTLY ADDED."
,Not Recommended,218820,10271485,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,baby jesus,"I really want to love this game.  I'm a fan of Paul Robertson, action rpgs, and weapon customization.But the game makes it so hard.  The very core design of the missions is just dull.  Over and over you are given a timer to search a giant maze like map for a randomly placed item or enemy.  Because the maps are large, even if you luck out by heading in the right direction it's still going to take you 5 minutes. If you get unlucky it'll take 15 minutes easily, and if you run out of time or die you have to start over.  It's like they greatly overestimated how much people enjoyed this, because constant navigation is built into things that don't make sense at all.  You spend 10 minutes searching the random boss spawn points to find which one is active, only for the boss to move to another part of the map mid way through the fight.  Now you spend another 2-5 minutes finding the new location, rinse and repeat, and hope you don't run out of time. The game actually expects you to wander through each map a hundred times at 10-20 minutes apiece.The weapons you construct have no creativity to them and are just not fun to use.  Sure they are creative art-wise, where you can create a toilet gun, but the moment you try to create a shotgun with more than 2 ammo the game cripples the damage so much as to make it useless.  The real potentials for creativity (piercing shotgun?) are completely unavailable, because you are forced to create a 100% sniper rifle to select piercing ammo.  So you are stuck with a few preset weapon paths, creating incrementally damage increasing versions of the same weapon.  The balance of it works against the mission design, because when you are searching aimlessly through a map of endlessly spawning enemies, making it take 3 seconds to dispatch each enemy (from either low damage ouputs or excessive reload times), it just makes the thing a chore.It's highly unlikely that this will be patched either, the devs seem hung up on this idea of a grinding time sink somehow being fun, as similar things were in scott pilgrim too."
,Not Recommended,218820,15620848,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Sppaeh.?,"I really wanted to like this game. This comes from the people who made Scott Pilgrim vs. The World: The Game, which I loved and looks like it plays like Contra or Metal Slug, which I also love. Well, the graphics are very aesthetically pleasing in animation and both character and background designs. There are actually a lot of really cool looking enemies. The music is quite well done too. The problem is the gameplay. While watching videos it looks as if the game does everything right but the problem is: the game just isn't that fun. The game wants to be an old school run and gun but there's a lot of backtracking (which is even more annoying since the enemies respawn) and you have to reload every five or so seconds if you are run and gunning. The idea to put in a reload system was dumb but they way they did it (a time sensitive system) was actually kind of cool. Though it getting annoying fast. I found myself avoiding enemies so I didn't have to reload and then was wondering why I was still playing this game after avoiding the main game mechanic (shooting)."
,Not Recommended,218820,9176923,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,M_W,"As hard as I try to, I don't enjoy playing this game, even remotely. Every mission I attempt feels tedious, slow, and boring, aided mostly by the fact that most every mission is some sort of completely unguided fetch-quest through samey looking environments that are an absolute pain to navigate through.If the level design weren't enough to dissuade me from continuing, the limited ammuntion and active reload system makes the gunplay feel especially tedious, and just doesn't work well with the Megaman-style shooting/platforming, especially when the use of cover isn't as much of an option as in Gears of War, the game this particular mechanic came from. I can't count the number of deaths I've encountered after missing my target, only to be shot down during the short idle period in which I wait for the active reload to finish (assuming I successfully reload at all).The inventory/item system was another annoyance for me; switching between items feels clunky and slow in situations where speed is needed, and always feels like more of a hassle than is worth.As far as the crafting system goes, I honestly can't stand playing the game long enough to gather the items necessary to really try it out, so I don't have much to say regarding that. Perhaps after upgrading my weapons properly, the enemies will feel far less bullet-spongey, and I'll spend much less time standing in one place, jumping, and shooting in mid-air while I wait for an enemy to finally die (supposedly of boredom).I'm sorry, I want nothing more than to love this game, but this it's an absolute mess. Including modern game mechanics in an old-school platformer/run and gun sounds good on paper, but does little other than clutter the overall design and slow down gameplay. Perhaps if the level/mission design was a little less annoying, it might work.To take this game from its current state to something I would enjoy would require gutting the vast majority of the superfluous features, completely overhauling the level design, and possibly even overhauling the crafting system, assuming it is as much of a mess as the rest of the game.I don't really have any faith in the final product, and I kind of wish I had never spent the money."
,Not Recommended,218820,16002232,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Silver Hemswood,"The team behind Mercenary Kings are sat in that awkward in-between of not having a cult following from simply existing for a long period of time, like Final Fantasy, and not having the excuse of having never developed a game previously. As such, they're neither excused by rabid fanboys nor by simple naivety. In layman's terms; when they dun goof, no one's in their corner.For example, it's over a year old (two years if you count Early Access) and it's only just been fixed so that it doesn't crash when you talk to an NPC and try online multiplayer. It's a pretty big deal when such a massive component is unavailable.There are typos and syntax errors abound in the game text, something that should've been easy enough to fix in their numerous patches on PC. I do have to give kudos to Tribute's response to the concerns of the completionist demographic; when a kickstart-exclusive achievement made 100%ing the game impossible, they introduced a secondary method of acquiring it. That's gravy in my books.The controls feel a bit like a student's final practical. Need to duck? Nope, there's an item by your feet, you're taking that bullet to the face as the collecting animation immobilises you. Nope, there's a ladder a pixel to your right, you're climbing down now. Need to climb down that ladder? Nope, someone put C4 at the top and your backpack is full! You aren't getting down that ladder until someone picks it up or you make room to pick it up yourself.Furthermore, the game seems to favour the commitment route for control schemes. When you jump, there's very little you can do to influence the path you'll take once you've left the ground. If you're unfortunate enough to try your knife in a pinch, you'll get locked in an uninterruptible cycle if you press it more than once. You'll need to allow plenty of time for the animation lock to finish if you want to so much as turn your character.The graphics are the same as you find in Scott Pilgrim vs. The World. Same people, y'see. The style's consistent and the animations are gorgeous, but it becomes clear that some of the spritework was drawn before they finalised the character designs. For example, Lawless' hat bears the wrong logo in her comm. portrait, and Ryack's expression is far too serious for his actual disposition.I cannot fault the music. It takes a lot of cues from the Sonic games on the Sega Mega Drive (Sonic 2, Sonic Spinball). Gives me dem nostalgia feels. One of the bosses even takes a pointer or two from the first Sonic game.The Steel Soldier, Titan Trooper and their recolours have an annoying habit of not telegraphing where they're jumping, and since you sometimes need to immediately dodge to avoid collision damage, it's a 50/50 chance of rolling in the right direction.Oh, and all bosses and enemies deal way more damage via contact than by their lasers, rockets, bullets and missiles. It's pretty much Hug The Wall: The Game for boss encounters, and Flee In Terror: The Horror Flick should you come into contact with the wildlife. Because you can be killed by rabbits. Guess you're allergic?Bosses randomly teleport to other areas of the map for no reason other than to arbitrarily extend gameplay. If it was purely to pressure the player into rushing the fight before he flees, there wouldn't be a time limit on every mission and its grandma.There are a handful of large maps that get repeatedly used. The enemy placements are (mostly) the exact same between missions. A room or two will open up sometimes, but in the end, you'll have quickly grown tired of the same recycled layouts and textures before you've even beaten the game.In later missions, some of the poorer design decisions become evident. For example, you'll leave a room and see a manhack to your upper-right. It's a perfect 45 degree angle. It'll automatically start descending diagonally towards you. If you jump to shoot it, it'll either be too close and hit you horizontally, stunning you for a second or two, or it'll be too high and it'll start moving horizontally early in response-- their AI is programmed so that they rarely become completely level with your gun if given the time and space.Your movement and jump speeds are decided by how encumbered you are; your gun, your knife, your consumables, things like that (your gun weight is negated if you holster it). It's a really neat idea when it's used exclusively for hiding secrets, but it's not. You have to leap defenselessly if you're too heavy, and the game has a nasty habit of placing enemies in the way of the finish line, and usually there's a threat for not finishing the ""jumping puzzle"" all in one go. Sometimes you have to do the entire thing again, sometimes it's a pit of spikes you can't get out of easily and will likely die from. The feature's great on paper but difficult to account for in all of their level designs, something evidently too difficult for Tribute.Design-wise, you can't shoot diagonally for two reasons; 1, you'd have to be incredibly precise with your joystick movements (you're not playing this with a keyboard and enjoying it, trust me) so as not to wander and fall. And 2, because each gun sprite would need a second diagonal variation. Remember, Tribute had a limited budget-- something I suspect shows in how some arts assets weren't updated for the final release.Gun customisation goes something like this in later levels: You built a sweet new gun! Does it have armour-piercing? No? Scrap it and take armour piercing so that you don't have to bounce around like a coked-up kangaroo. No, you don't have multiple gun slots while you're out on the field, so unless you have someone to play with, you're not diversifying your calibrations AND beating the missions in any reasonable time.I'll tell you something though-- crafting is so extensive and addictive, enough to make the constant grinding for materials almost worth it.I'd say Mercenary Kings has the making of a fairly memorable game, but it needs severe overhauls to give it the edge it needs. Maybe a bigger budget to allow for experimentation? Maybe a sequel...?"
76561197983098582,Not Recommended,218820,10088206,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Graphic,"I had high hopes when I bought Merc Kings, I was expecting a Metal Slug/2D platformer. It is very far from that. The concept that drives most of this game is fetching objects/seek and destroy targets. While it doesn't sound bad, the problem is that it uses the same areas while examining every square inch for anything that might get overlooked. There are boss fights in the game, but after awhile they will give up and leave, which equals a failed mission. THAT DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE. You are already being timed on the stage, you have to find the boss, get fenced in and figure out the pattern, and they can ragequit. That is messed up.The art style and music is great, but the idea of replaying the same areas over and over again for minor accomplishments got old very quick. I enjoy games where grinding is a requirement, but the incentive to continue with Merc Kings seems too far away with no variety in between."
76561197994969222,Recommended,218820,9632213,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Chimera,"Fun and challenging (but not Metal Slug hard) run-and-gun/platformer.  Insane amount of gun customization (YOU CAN MAKE A GUN THAT IS LITERALLY A CAT HOLDING A TRUMPET HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥, a ♥♥♥♥ton of missions, and great co-op.  10/10 early access and 10/10 finished product, bravo Tribute Games."
,Not Recommended,218820,15646744,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,cthulhu's quesadilla,"it was fun at first, but it got really repetitive really fast. the music is catchy, it has a deep crafting system in which you can customize each part of your gun, and the art is BEAUTIFUL. but, it just goes downhill from there. there's one or two maps that you play on for EVERY. SINGLE. MISSION. controls are bad and the grind is bad, the gameplay isn't even enjoyable. i really, really wanted to enjoy this game, especially since i spent $45 on three copies of this game for me and my friends. but i just can't."
76561198003341254,Not Recommended,218820,32621764,Posted: 21 June,all,Haxenschnitzel,"Sadly can't recommend this game: Crafting feels cool at first but gets extremely boring and tiring over time. Scraping together rare crafting materials isn't fun, if you have to grind through the same uninspired maps over and over again. Boss fights are especially frustrating, since the boss will likely walk off in the middle of the fight - leaving you no choice but to walk to the other side of the map, just to see him walk off again, while your time limit runs out..."
,Recommended,218820,17879072,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,#NV,"'You can’t be serious. Okay listen, this is a suicide mission. There are hundreds of enemies, we know nothing about the terrain and only have very limited suppli-…' – 'It’s okay, we’ll send in the KINGS, they can handle everything.' *Insert some dramatic music*________________________________________________________________________________'Mercenary Kings‘ is an interesting recipe: You take a portion of 'Mega Man‘, add some elements of ‚Monster Hunter‘ and spice it up with a pinch of 'Metal Slug‘ or 'Contra‘. This may sound like a very odd combination and the reviews are quite ambivalent about the qualities of the game but especially in co-op this game is a blast.The story itself can be told quite fast: The bad guys called „CLAW“ (they have the brilliant slogan „CLAW is law“) kidnapped a famoust scientist and conducted some evil experiments on a solitary island. To end this madness the military sends a super special unit – the KINGS. No, the story won’t win a creativity award, but it’s solid and full of humor. The crazy characters are quite likeable and several conversations are actually interesting and bring in some plot twists. But you can be honest: You won’t play this game for the story……you want these guns. And the knifes. And the ammo. All the good stuff. The gameplay can be compared mostly to a mixture of 'Mega Man‘ (jumping and shooting) and 'Monster Hunter‘ (crafting and grinding): First you have your own hub where you are able to buy items, upgrade your equipment and accept the missions. These jobs bring you into larger areas where you have to fullfill goals e.g. killing or capturing a boss, gathering materials or resucing some hostages. So you start running and jumping through the levels, avoiding obstacles on your way (like e.g. lava, needles and other evil stuff). Meanwhile you're shooting at everything that walks in front of your weapon while looking for hidden items and loot.The level design is well done, the different areas and layouts allow for some nice exploration and the amount of traps and enemy types really brings some nice variety to the quite repetetive goals. Of course: at the end of several mission there's a boss waiting for you and these buddies provide some nice challenging moments. Most of the time simple button mashing ends in an early death and you really have to understand the patterns and to find a good strategy. Though when you’re finally able to defeat that annoying difficult boss (I look at you 'Metal Woof'!) and he drops the material you were looking for – that’s some pretty great feeling.Talking about materials: On your journey you’ll stumble across many different ingedrients and materials that can be used to craft individual gun parts, knifes and bionic mods. The amount of different parts is tremendous and they can be combined to fit your playstyle, whether you’re the tanky dude with the shotgun or the spray’n run submachine-type. Crafting new guns, mixing the parts and farming for materials is the core element of the game – and it’s very entertaining.In terms of the visuals and the sounds I have to admit that the design and the style is gorgeous (I’m a huge fan of well done pixel-graphics). The environment and the characters are detailled, the animations are perfectly fluid and the overall picture is simply great. And in addition there is an amazing soundtrack, that features some really catchy tracks.I could go on talking about even more positive points, like the splitscreen multiplayer, the co-op mode or the omnipresent humor. But the negative points of the game can’t be hidden this way: the amount of different areas is very limited (there are over 100 missions but just like 8 different areas, so you will re-visit some rooms and places quite a lot) and after a short amount of time the missions can get quite repetitive (there are only like six different goals). Moreoever some time limits in the missions seem to be set totally random, sometimes you finish with half an hour left and sometimes with barely 3 seconds. That’s also due to the fact that some bosses 'escape‘ randomly after a short fight and then you have to search them again (probably not the brigthest gaming mechanic). Besides your characters appearance lacks some good customization aspects, aside from 12 different color schemes (approximately 75% of them look awful…) for the two characters there’s nothing more. Some unlockable characters (e.g. the 3 other members of the KINGS) and areas after finishing the main game would have been a huge plus.________________________________________________________________________________Yes, the reviews and opinions for the game have been quite ambivalent. I think the problem is that many bakers and players expected a ‚pimped up‘-version of 'Metal Slug‘ with all its core points and elements. And with these expectations the game may disappoint easily. I bought it in hope to get a mixture of 'Mega Man‘ and 'Monster Hunter‘ – and I’ve never regret buying it because the game entertained me instantly.All in all I guess the game would be a solid 7 out of 10 (or maybe a 6 if you dislike good old Mega or grinding) due to all the negative points (that are clearly there), but… I love the game. Sure I would have loved to enjoy even more areas and to customize my character to look different than my partners, but hey... -  I had a machine gun that fired some caustic missiles, which bounced of walls, splitted in little pellets and exploded on impact. That was one hell of a weapon. And I’ll never forget my shark-shaped-knife that shocked enemies on contact.These two things alone have to improve the score by at least two points. Because of… reasons! And explosions. And think of the knifes! And the dogs in mecha-dog-suits. Yeah, never forget mecha suit Doge – ‚Metal Woof‘ ready for action!"
76561198018107346,Recommended,218820,12418270,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Prinny,"I'm going to preface this review that this game is by no means perfect, and I have yet to totally finish all of the missions avaiable. That said...This game is very *very* enjoyable. While the difficulty in later missions can be rather stress-inducing, the level of customizaton one can put into their guns allows you to feel like you're working to make your own private arsenal. Borderlands hands you the complete guns, and that's all well and good. Mercenary Kings gives you the pieces and lets you experiment. Do you put the pieces together to create a minigun that fires incendiary AP ammo? A shotgun that fires caustic buck? Or a 3 shot pistol that hits like a freight train with every bullet fired?The choices are up to you. If customization, old school run-and-gun gameplay, and classic difficulty are up your alley, then Mercenary Kings is for you."
,Recommended,218820,7765982,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mooders,"I really like this game for a lot of different reasons. Firstly is the music: the music is awesome i find myself listening to it all the time even well after i stopped playing this game. Secondly is the gameplay: its very satisfying and deliberate the controlls feel tight and the guns feel meaty with good sound effects and enemy death animation.There is quite a lot of content however you do spend your time redoing things quite a lot in a sort of monster hunter fashion where you go to the same levels over and over to get materials however instead of just killing a boss there are different objectives for different missions like destroy something with explosives or save some hostages things like that. As for the bosses themselves they are pretty good they have attack patterns which can be quite difficult to master fighting against making them satisfying however unfortunately there isnt that many bosses in the game so you will find yourself fighting the same ones or varients on the same ones over and over.This is a really solid game and can keep you going for a while if you enjoy it I spent a lot of time collecting different gun parts and trying different combinations however i eventually got bored of repeating the same areas over and over and moved on to other games. I would recommend getting it, and if you dont think it is your thing at least listen to the soundtrack because it is awesome!"
,Recommended,218820,9671735,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Render,"Playing Mercenary Kings this past week, since its official release, is the most fun I've had with any game in years. That's not to say I don't enjoy the other games I play and adore, but this just tickles a fancy like none other. The rewards offered through progression, the challenges when the enemies ramp up, or when a new boss is introduced - they make playing endlessly entertaining. Now, much of the criticism the receives is due to a popular idea that the game is similar to Metal Slug. I've personally never played it, shame on me and such, but if you're looking for that experience, then you ought to play Metal Slug. This isn't like another game I've played, while it shares elements with many, it's an entity of its own. For many reasons this will remain one of my top picks for this year, if not longer, and there's no reason not to play it. Oh, get a controller.April 10th revisions:Oh... yeah... I'll have to recall some of those statements. The multiplayer is pretty much dying since launch, and the game isn't really that entertaining once you get your best gun. That being said, I got 60 hours of playtime out of it at its $15 launch price, so I'll definitely still recommend it. I just don't know how often I'll go back to it anymore. Whether I return to actively playing M.K. is really going to depend on how the Devs treat the game - as a product that could still use some improvements / additions, or as a finished game. Kinda feels melancholy leaving it behind for now..."
,Not Recommended,218820,31760844,Posted: 14 May,all,Jojof I'M BETTER THAN YOU,"It's so-so bordering on mind numbing. Great artstyle and it's nice getting that new gun part.But man it's just the same ten maps over and over hunting down stuff in some corner you didn't realize until the time is up.Then you move onto the next zone and you're doing another ten generic missions and fighting a recolored ""boss"" here and there. I got so bored I couldn't be bothered to beat the game."
,Recommended,218820,7552627,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,conninator,"Well, what a polished game so far, as a game in early alpha! (I'm like on the second level of missions out of like 10.) Extremely fun alone or with friends, gun crafting is extremely complex and entertaining, full of challenge, and the female player model is nice to look at. :DAll in all, a wonderful and crazy game by the makers of the Scott Pilgrim game!"
,Not Recommended,218820,15227000,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,SquatCobbler81,"Pros -Graphical styleGame mechanicsUpgrade systemCons -Repetitive maps / missionsNo real storyThe maps require a lot of back and forth exploration, but the enemies refresh after you leave the screen. This leads to a lot of grinding / overly repetitive gameplay. This will burn you out fast.Personal opinion - lots of where am I at and why am I doing this moments. I found myself bored after about 10-15 mins."
,Not Recommended,218820,2946158,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Ye Poopsock,"Pretty boring and lacking in substance. Most of the weapon customization is pretty trash since the damage output is equivalent of shooting paperballs at foes.Boring fetch quests ahoy. You'll often be sent to the same areas with very little differences. Most of the challenge you'll face is seeing if your new customized weapon does any damage. Other than that. Enemy patterns and AI is pretty simple in design and easy to counter.It also has the same trash loot system from Borderlands. Which manipulates players into hoping of getting good items instead of getting a good experince from the game's combat and levels.Basically, the game is Mega Man with garbage enemies and bosses to fight, a  very low difficulty and forgiving gameplay, and some Metal Slug influences."
,Recommended,218820,32187240,Posted: 4 June,all,Raxinox,"This game is BRILLIANT! Even as single player, I'm having loads of fun with this title. Multiplayer kicks that enjoyment up even more!"
,Recommended,218820,9732951,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Flea,"On the surface Mercenary Kings is the regrettable result of a one night stand between Metal Slug and Scott Pilgrim (because at least having conceptual intercourse with a video game franchise is easier than dealing with Ramona's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t), but MK really does rise to the occasion to try and set itself apart from its lineage with a great deal of ambition and love from its creators. If there is a fault to be had with MK is that it may be too ambitious.Naturally, the first thing you notice about MK is the look of it, and anyone worth their government-provided meat-substitute recognizes the style as, as I said before, Metal Slug (in terms of tone and atmosphere) and Scott Pilgrim (in terms of art style and visual humor). For many, this acts as a barrier to keep them from wanting to try the game and instead ridicule it for being ""too much like a Metal Slug rip off!"" when in fact that couldn't be further from the truth, but more on that later. The art style is incredibly charming and fun, despite taking place on a militarized island populated with murderous COBRA rejects. Sadly, and this is where part of the over ambition comes into play, the environments repeat themselves a lot, a whole lot. This is not so much a fault of the level designs, but more due to the fact that you will play different (i.e. different objectives every now and then) missions in the same level over and over until you manage to advance in rank. If the level art was a tad more detailed and beautiful this would be forgivable but after so many hours it gets bland.Sound is nothing really to complain about or praise, but it gets the job done. Simple, appropriate, though like the art it can get repetitive as you listen to the same level music over and over and over again.Naturally the most important bit of information you want to know is ""how does it play?"" While some screenshots and/or videos may have led you to believe it plays like Metal Slug, it really doesn't all that much. MS had you going through a linear, left-to-right, level with occasional height changes. MK's maps are far more complex, the map probably even confusing some at first with the interwoven connecting paths, and should be looked at more like a Castlevania map - large and sprawling, with hidden alcoves, optional boss rooms, etc. You'll be jumping around a lot, ascending to reach a goal or carefully descending to avoid hazards. I would say it feels a lot like Spelunky in its controls, but how easily you move is dependant on what you have equipped.The real meat and potatoes of this game are the guns. You collect materials from fallen enemies and found crates and use these resources, and money garned from completing missions, to craft components for your gun. Here is where the game really shines, as it doesn't restrict which part can go with what component, and if you want to try and make a terribad gun, you're just as able to as you are to make an amazing gun. The elements of any gun really work toward tailoring to your preferred method of runnin' and gunnin'. You could take a huge gun with tons of stopping power and a low clip, or you can take a smaller, faster gun so you can dodge enemy attacks more easily. Elemental upgrades for bullets allow you to gain an advantage or disadvantage against a given enemy, and many parts take advantage of the art style by looking silly, fun, or just plain ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.Really, it's the gun crafting and shooting that keep this game from feeling too tedious (at first). However, as time drags on, you find yourself grinding levels for materials and money, fighting the same boss over and over, collecting X of that and Y of this, killing some of these and more of those. Honestly, if your main gripe with MMOs are the fetch/mob kill quests, this game may not be for you.The co-operative play really helps keep this game feeling fun, as your friends can split up and explore are area to finish the mission faster or you can operate as a time with one being the fast shooter for smaller enemies and attracting the attention of big ones while the other player with the bigger, slower, guns take the kill shot. If you have some friends who are interested in this game and you think they would enjoy the experience with you, this is not a bad grab.There are other crafting elements in this game, allowing you to customize your tent interior, or create body mods to gain a variety of pros and cons (like increased drop rate, faster speed, etc.), and meals before a mission to give you a nice HP stat boost.Overall, this game is fun, make no mistake, but it feels tired at about 50% (it's a very long game, surprisingly), and that's why its ambition is its downfall. The creators tried to do too much and ended up spreading their efforts too thin, giving us plenty of features but no major depth to any of them (gun crafting excluded). Had they taken some more development time to craft some more levels, think up better mission objectives, or polish up the scenery it would have been a perfect game.Still, I can still recommend it to anyone who enjoys action/platformers with a Metal Slug/Metroidvania/Spelunky/Scott Pilgrim heritage, though maybe wait for it to go on sale for around $10, at most."
,Recommended,218820,24278127,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Hikkichaos,"You'd think it's similar to Metal Slug - but actually it's more like Monster Hunter:Materials gathering - checkElemental Damage - checkGuns with separate parts - checkMeal before mission - checkBoss running away from you to the other end of the map - checkRunning back, right when you get to him - checkFailing to capture a boss because you killed it by accident - checkGrinding for that one rare drop that just won't drop - checkOverall - it's a lot easier than Monster Hunter in both grinding and battles.I treated this game like a 2d MH and had a great fun.Recommended for anyone who got tired from farming Monoblos Hearts."
,Recommended,218820,12698711,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,SrslyDarkJuju,"This is a fun game with a surprisingly good plot. There's a lot of weapon variety, and is fun to play with a friend, but the netcode starts to fall apart with more than 1 friend. This game is what you would get if you crossed Metal Slug with Monster Hunter. You have a handful of prebuilt zones, with missions equivalent to Kill the Thing, Capture the Thing, Find the Stuff, Rescue the People, Destroy the Object, Go to the Spot, and so on. The Gameplay is reminiscient of Metal Slug or Contra, with a lot of weapon types and bullet types. There are numerous secrets on the maps that can help you advance your gear earlier (I hear people like sequence breaking) but it is all still a real challenge at the end of the game."
,Not Recommended,218820,13798619,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Xan2.3,"The art style, setting and characters capture the mid-90s shoot 'em up feel very well. Crafting your first machine gun after being stuck with the sub-par starter gun is hugely satisfying, as is completing a mission with all bonus objectives and enough resources gathered to buy several upgrades.That said the gameplay turns out to be rather poor. On a regular basis players need to avoid enemy projectiles while firing at airborne enemies homing in on them and platforming, all at the same time. Sadly, the game lacks the silky smooth controls required to make this fun and instead just ends up being frustrating.The actual gameplay takes the form of missions, each one with their own objective. Between them players can visit their homebase for upgrades and supplies. There are two major problems with this. First: missions take place in large locations which get recycled again, and again, and again. Secondly: no information is provided as to where in the freely traversable levels the current objective is located. As a result players are forced to scour the same places over and over again, often with endlessly looping background music, too. Combined with limited time for each mission things can become rather frustrating fast.Other annoyances:The camera is not overly intelligent.Exponential grinding for better gear.Jumping has a noticeable delay to it.Jumping down larger heights leads to the character freezing for a moment upon landing.Some enemies can fire diagonally, which players flatout can't.Enemies may respawn the moment their spawn location is off screen.Health items are few and far in between, making the gameplay rather unforgiving.Health can be regenerated at field hospital, which act as save points. The health regen is slow enough to not be noticeable. The game doesn't bother mentioning that this health regen exists.It's impossible to jump while crouching, making destructable platforms the player has to fire at while standing on them and exercise in patients.Default grunt enemies on platforms above the players may randomly decide to drop down, giving no chance to walk away or kill them.The first boss decided to leave once he was on low health. He came back eventually but not soon enough for there to be time to finish him off, leading to a failed mission. Who thought this was even a good idea?"
76561198063683679,Not Recommended,218820,13397371,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Cyrius,"Looks great, doesn't play great.Mercenary Kings has a wonderful visual style that seems clearly inspired by the wonderful Metal Slug series.But the gameplay is more like Mega Man, except with less variety and more grinding. Respawning enemies, four-direction shooting, and a handful of large maps. The last five missions were on the same map, but Mercenary Kings is sending you back again to scour it for ten lumps of lead.If you're expecting a fast-paced run-and-gun shooter, look somewhere else."
,Recommended,218820,25829661,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Comb Stranger,"Up front, the largest failing of the game is that it never explains the Transceiver item, which pinpoints the boss and airdrops key items like C4, Shock Bombs, or First Aid Kits. I got to the final chapter of the game before realizing you could call people other than Miss Zero. A lot of complaints about the game can be solved outright by it. Also, the game plays a lot more like Megaman than Metal Slug, so expect that going in.It's true that every mission is timed, but with the exception of a handful of rush stages, you have plenty of time to explore and search for secondary objectives and hidden items. I ran out of time twice in the entire game, both times because I didn't realize you could just call in a C4 airdrop. Missions with specific objectives mark them right on the map. Bosses aren't marked until you find them, but appear in specific marked areas. You can call Cadillac on the transceiver to locate them, if you want. Bosses will move between arenas if you take too long to kill them (usually because you die), but their new location is automatically marked on the map.Gathering missions can be annoying, because there is no objective except to scour a level for crafting materials. They're always found in guaranteed chests throughout the levels, but can be completed faster if you get lucky drops from enemies. They mostly exist in case you want to grind for materials, because they add guaranteed items to the map.As for crafting, yes, there is some grind. A LOT if you're a completionist. Absurd, even. But if you're not dead set on getting every part of every weapon set, it's not bad. There are hundreds of weapon parts; some are incremental upgrades, most are just tradeoffs—more damage per shot, but a smaller clip. Better accuracy but heavier weight, etc. You might not get the materials for a part you want as soon as it's unlocked just by playing casually, but you can probably get something similar.When crafting guns, the big differentiator is weapon type and ammo. Certain combinations are better for certain levels; shotguns for levels full of mandrakes or bats, bouncing for levels with awkward enemy placement. Machineguns tear apart certain bosses, but their weight and low burst damage make them worthless in other levels. When in doubt, use Armor Piercing—it's (almost) always useful and has little downside. Elemental types are hyped up a lot, but make really no difference. Use Caustic if anything; it deals slightly more damage to most bosses, and chip damage to hard targets. If you're having a hard time with a level, try a new weapon type. Bringing the right class of weapon has far more impact than stubbornly grinding up a slightly stronger version of an ineffective weapon.Oh, and get the Dodger biomod. Invincible rolling makes things much, MUCH easier."
76561198011455569,Not Recommended,218820,15818268,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Rip38b,"Not worth the $20. I was sold by youtube vids, showing great action, customization and metal slug like gameplay. I read that it was a 2D Metal Slug meets Borderlands type game. I feel like I was lied too. Every single mission has a timer, and the maps are confusing. The enemies are basically allowed to ""cheat"" in this game too. You can only fire/stab in D-pad directions, but of course enemies will shoot you at every different angle and lobs things through/over cover. Also, enemies respawn on the maps, so you can't even slowly/strategically work your way through difficult areas.  The ""customization"" isn't very exciting, and parts are tedious to collect in this game, not too mention, the weapons you finally do put together aren't even fun to use. Wish I could get a refund, but that's not how Steam works. I would rate this frustration simulator 4/10. Only die hard 2D shooter fans should buy this, and only at a price below $10."
,Recommended,218820,12738396,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Mobbstar,"It is amazingly fun to craft realistic gun parts, screw them together as you think, and see if the product is any good on missions. The Missions are cool too, you get various elimination, some gathering, some hostage freeing, and of course boss missions - including related sub-missions and secret goals.Regarding the moral side, it seems brutal to murder so many people, instead of robots or something. But then again, the description of some enemies clearly says that they don't just look the same, but they're cloned and bionicly modified abominations. (That's possible due to themandrake formula, the plot key)Oh, and this games multiplayer works really nicely on local and LAN. I've hardly experienced noteworthy lag, and even if you encounter asyncronous enemies, it doesn't seem to matter - the instance you see is the instance that can take and deal damage, and syncronisation appears to give up eventually, which means no rubberbanding.All in all, awesome Arcade Fun for alone or with friends!"
,Recommended,218820,10920498,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,harakka,"If you've ever enjoyed a single sidescrolling run and gun game in your life, get this without hesitation. This is probably better than most of them anyway. It scrolls sideways (and up an down too!) and you both run and gun in a very pleasant manner. Meanwhile your visual cortex is being stimulated by the gorgeously animated pixel art.The one single negative thing I can think of is that you sometimes have to run back and forth across the level searching for whatever the mission objective happens to be. Hopefully this being the game's only fault in my mind will tell you something."
,Not Recommended,218820,19243379,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Akka,"Atten: developers of every video game everA 5 hour long masterpiece crushes a 20 hour long boring grindfestThis is why everyone rates Sonic Colors and Generations so much more highly than Unleashed. True you'll end up putting more time in Unleashed, but what will you be doing? Boring baby not-Sonic♥♥♥♥♥♥How dare this game and any other expect me to grind♥♥♥♥♥♥out and repeat the same exact mission over and over again for random-drop resources. Get ♥♥♥♥ed.If you aren't going to respect my time then I'm not going to respect your game."
76561198000047532,Not Recommended,218820,13767156,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,the original UMPALUMPA,"There is a saaaad saaaad thing happening with this game, is cool and fun at first glance, but the more and more you get into playing it, the more and more you get bored, the same levels over and over with the same objectives but in different order just for trying to make it longer, the characers progress is PAINFULLY slow, no cool power ups, no cool effects, and enemies that force to level up on lower levels but without any real rewards, getting hold of any cool item in this game is so hard that you dont want to use them. I udenrstand that this games wants to bring back the old days glory of beating a game that kicked you back to square one when you get killed, but trying to mix that with todays sanbox mechanics and miltyple objectives isnt fun, is just plain boring."
,Not Recommended,218820,14453989,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Morning Dove,"I find this game hard to recomend because of how repretative it gets.  This is a good game only if you have friends to play with, otherwise it gets borring way to fast"
,Recommended,218820,10838926,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dietary Supplement,"Have you ever wanted to build a gun out of a toilet, a skull, a cat, AND a rifle scope? Well, look no further! In Mercenary kings, you and some buddies can play this side-scroller cooperatively, collecting resources, completing objectives, upgrading your characters... and building guns! Lots and lots of guns. There is some re-use of environments, and some of the enemies can be a little cheap, but the humor, pixel art, and objectives will keep you hooked!"
,Recommended,218820,9832046,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,NanduNandu,"Modernized Metal Slug with style.There are a lot of throwback games nowadays, but this one just brings so much to the table that it’s worth checking out. Not many games have made use of the delicate pixel art that Metal Slug introduced us to. Why you might say? I think it’s because it requires a lot of work and the style has a lot of detail and could be daunting for the developers. However this game is just beautiful pixel art throughout the whole game, never getting repetitive or unfulfilling.The game takes the shoot-em-up game, arcade style gameplay and mixes it with metoridvania free-roaming and item-gathering concepts to pimp up the Metal Slug-like gameplay to a more modernized version.With hundreds of mission, carried out on several map levels, with endless of materials, gadgets, tech, armor and weapons to build and customize this game has shown us what the shoot-em-up genre will look like in the future.  With all its content and lots of hard to catch achievements, this game will keep you coming back for more, for a very long time.I could not recommend this enough.One note: Gamepad over Keyboard, any day."
76561197970649200,Recommended,218820,442657,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,danpaladin,A good romp.  Like Metal Slug with a mission lobby.
,Not Recommended,218820,25615207,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,爱阔少,"I thought it was like Metal Slug and bought it.It turns out to be Monster Hunter like.-Missions have time limit.-Huge map, and you have to find where the target(boss, prisoner, item) is.-Slow paced action. Enemies takes several shots to kill.-Enemies respawn after you walk away, you may be killed by them wandering around.-Going through the map takes several minutes, if you missed something in the middle you may not have enough time to complete the mission.-The boss teleports between certain points, which could take you several minutes to travel.-The teleport happens every a few minutes, you get close to it, oh sorry too late, it's gone again.-And of course, collect meterials to upgrade equipments.I like the pixel art, the music is decent. But gameplay ruins everything. Missions feel long and repetitive as hell."
,Not Recommended,218820,13709320,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,diversity is white genoside,This game sucks tbh. I tried really hard to like it but it's just so damn repetitive. It takes too long to upgrade weapons and you're just doing the same godamn missions over and over again. I like the art style and the music but I can't recommend this game unless it's on sale and you have friends to play it with
76561197962808938,Recommended,218820,18355683,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Hyakkidouran,"A nice indie pixel-art platform game.I would say the gameplay is a bit reminiscent of Mega man : huge complex levels, you have a gun weapon and a ""slide"", and you fight enemies which are quite strong, but also have an exploitable attack pattern.The game bring new ideas to the table though : mission objectives, crafting ingredient farming, and the customizable gun building are the main ones.Outside of gameplay, the game makes you think of classic action heroes like Rambo. The evil organization CLAW makes me think of a James Bond villain's gang. This makes the setup quite enjoyable.I recommend this game and my number of play hours is testimony. Being a 2D pixel art game it ran great on my old laptop and this has been the game I played in transportation for quite a while.However, I believe this game also has a few annoying aspects that could be a deal breaker to some people. Il try to summarize it all in a list of pros and cons.The Pros :Crazy amount of gun parts to craft. Lots of ingredients to loot.Nice ""Megaman meets Rambo"" platformer gameplay.Levels are very big and quite complex. The map is mandatory to not get lost!There are several ""missions"" for each map. You get to explore each throughly as the objectives are in different locations for each mission.Missions have appropriately varied objectives (collect ingredients, kill a boss, save hostages...). There are many of those missions, making the game quite long.It will take you dozens of hours to craft the rarest parts, get the achievements, and unlock all the rewards.The Cons :There is a very annoying mechanic with the bosses : they can flee. Sometimes they flee to another arena at the other side of the map, and you don't have time to get there before they flee and change location again.There are several missions for each map. Despite different spawns, goals, and how huge the maps actually are, it can be repetitive to see the same level 5 times in a short time span.There may be many ""missions"", but aren't that many maps/levels in the game. The mission objectives don't modify the maps much either.To farm some ingredients, you'll have to play the same mission many times. This makes the issue above even worse.Weapon parts are all a fragment of a ""complete gun"". These ""complete guns"" are all very powerful (at the point in the game when you can get the ingredients to craft their parts). This actually discourages you to experiment with gun building, since those ""default guns"" are very good.Overall, I recommend playing this game in smaller sessions, so that the repetitive aspect doesn't feel as bad, allowing you to enjoy the actual qualities of the game. Getting better at killing those bosses before they flee is also a great way to make this game less frustrating."
,Recommended,218820,9681939,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,I Stay Puft,"I haven't delved too much into this game but from what I've played I really like the old school side scrolling 2d aspect to this game. I think the most common description of this game would be something along the lines of Metal Slug x Borderlands. Where the gameplay is obviously like Metal Slug but the be all end all is to upgrade your weapons, armor and mods through pickups. I think at most that's where this game kinda diverts from the two games mentioned and probably falls closer to the gathering games found in MInecraft or Terraria. There is no leveling method from what I've seen and the only way to increase your health and weaponry is by increasing your money by doing missions and picking up material drops found during those missions. At first, the game may seem difficult like most shooters will but once you get a decent upgrade going the game will start feeling like classic shooters from days past. I think what sold me on this game was when I was rolling with another player online (4 player co-op) and she was carrying around the spread gun. That's right a spread gun from Contra!"
76561198008083865,Recommended,218820,9945701,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Walkoprops,"If you're looking for a good ol' fashioned SHOOT 'EM UP game, this is the one you're looking for. A mixture between an already perfectioned platform shooter Metal Slug, and the RPG element of Borderland as the cream on the cake makes this game the utmost best platform-shooter I've played in a long time.There are some cons about this game I'd like to add, so here's a list I put together after playing this game for 5 hours straight.PROS:+ Fun gameplay with a lot to do and master.+ Awesome pixel-graphics with great details for violent man-slaughter.+ The replay value is there, and with multiplayer you can bring your mates to join up the massacre.+ Huge maps to explore and conquer.+ Fun characters with a lot of personalities and hilarious slap-stick humour.+ The price for the game fits for what you get.+ IT'S A MODERN & UPGRADED VERSION OF METAL SLUG.CONS:- The missions are quite repetitive.- Also, ALL missions have a time limit, and with random missions on random maps, it can easily be overwhelming about whatto do and how to do them, not to mention WHERE you are supposed to be (a minimap would be helpful).- It takes some time to get used to the game mechanics and the weapon-builder system.- If you don't bring the right weapons to the right missions, it's easy to botch yourself.- Tends to turn a bit tedious if you play the game alone.All in all, this is a motherhumping awesome game, and I'd rate it 6/6 within a heartbeat. But this is a game that is enjoyed best with some company, so make sure you got some pals that'll join you on the task to save the world!"
,Recommended,218820,9700416,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,The iLLumiNerdy,I love this!!!!!! its like metal slug meets classic megaMan meets BorderlandsOnline could be better though
,Recommended,218820,9635147,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,srsface,"Pretty awesome. It's like ""Shoot Many Robots"" except more old-school, so it feels less clunky than that title. Graphics are great, and there's plenty to do to keep you occupied. Can get a little grindy, but that just means more running around and blowing up badguys. Music is pretty excellent as well.Will update review once I get chance to play multiplayer with non-strangers."
76561197973263658,Recommended,218820,8532719,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Yoshiodoom,If monster hunter and scott pilgrim had a baby this game would be that baby.
,Recommended,218820,9691729,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,iNol iGunggung,"Shoot. Loot. Craft.Megaman + Monster Hunter + Borderlands in gameplay, Metal Slug in visual.Note that this game is not Metal Slug in gameplay (arcade-like, fast paced, bullet rain, difficult). If you expect Metal Slug gameplay you'd likely to be disappointed."
76561197964984594,Not Recommended,218820,31739017,Posted: 13 May,all,Newter,"The controls are the worst thing since moldy bread. Give me the option to re-key my inputs and I'll go thumbs up. Till then... Good game, It is, but why is ""K"" the fu**ing jump key? so dumb."
,Recommended,218820,17367563,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Sfro,"Definitely a masterpiece of the independent game developmentMercernary kings is good, real good, and that on every level it extends to, with no exceptions as far as I know.Time to complete10 to 35hrs, depending on how much you want to doTime to 100%60+hrsDifficulty: [■■■□□] - Mildly ChallengingGenre: Shoot them UpHere, havesomebullet points.I insist:Pretty big lifetime (Took me about 35 hours to clear every mission)High SkillcapDecently balanced, it never gets annoyingAwesome Mob design (wide range of ennemies)Very well achieved Boss Fights, which depend almost only on skill (more on that later)Pleasant level designAmazing SoundtrackSuper cool graphics and animationsThe gamehandles very well, and unless you go for 100% completion rate, it isnever annoyingin the slightest.-With a game pad, it's very fluid and responds pretty well to what you try to do-The wide variety of ennemies forces you to improve your gampelay and strategiesThe maps are very various, and they each have their own little ambiance, mobs, loot, and associated weapon crafts.-They are also quite wide, each having their own secrects and utilities to missions, and even farmingYou have a very importantfreedom of playstyle, due to the large amount of upgrades/guns.-Proficiencies and Bionic Mods allow you to adapt to the situation/mission, and develop your own playstyleThe story (albeit quite simple) is entertaining, and the character development really goes to contribute to thefriendly and funnyaspect of the game.The Bosses are a game of their own, because of howwell donethey are :that is that each fight contains its own strategies, usually very different from the others. On top of that, there is a pretty big variety of them for a game of this size !"
,Recommended,218820,11402391,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,El Whoop,"I normally don't write reviews but mercenary kings is an exception for me...So, I've had this game since it's first early access release, but only started playing it now, I went through a couple ranks, and so far I have a positive opinion, let me describe you the gameplayMECHANICS: ISN'T FULLY DISCOVERED FOR ME YETSo the core part of the mechanics, is that you have 1 map per 1 rank, the maps are big, in different missions you must roam the map to complete the objectives. That's the missions part, now let's get to the camp part. The camp is a place you roam between the missions, it's split into two parts:1) The main camp2) Hunting grounds (You can go here to get animals' food, and harvest fruits)The whole point of the camp is that it consists of different members, that do different functions, you can go here to customize your weapons, cook yourself a meal, forge yourself a knife, choose a mission, search for games, customize your tent (Your bragging place, that you can show to different players that join you, here you can have a banner, and ornament, and three of your favourite weapons sets created by youself shown), upgrade armor. Although I didn't play through the game fully yet, this is probably all of the functions that will be available. At first not all of these functions will be available, you must get them through specific missionsGUNS N' KNIVES. THEIR STATSThis part feels very entertaining, you can create a bunch of variations of EVERYTHING, quick advice though, negative stats can make your gun better, depending on what you're trying to do. About knives, you can't customize them, but there's so much of them, that you wouldn't want to.PLATFORMINGVery good, uhh, I think that's all I can say, there's a weight system though, it's determined by your knifes and guns."
,Recommended,218820,12394250,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Benjamin GaAyle,"As someone who's first platform was a original NES I found Mercenary Kings to be an excellent experience.  I think the experience is a little Contra, a little River city Ransom, and a great deal of fun.  It's nice to see that mercenary Kings supports multi player as well, my friends and I liek to try to race eachother to the objectives and treat each level like a speed run.  The gun customization is satisfying especially for a 2D side scroller experience.  I recommend hooking up a controller and playing this one on your TV for a great old school gaming expereince."
,Not Recommended,218820,16517902,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BARBA,"Super Contra, a 1991 game allowed you to shoot on diagonals.Mercenary Kings: a game on the twin stick controller era doesn't."
,Not Recommended,218820,16406166,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"When I first saw Mercenary Kings, I became very interested in the game and it looked very exciting to me. The graphics and the gameplay strongly resemble those of the Metal Slug series. There’s the side-scrolling and 2D platforming that old school gamers have appreciated.The plot of Mercenary Kings is about a mercenary who is part of a resistance group that is doing battle with a villainous organization known as The Claw. The narrative quickly becomes irrelevant as you start off in camp and learn to customize your mercenary character. There is no voice acting, so you have to read the dialog text to understand what is really going on. The lack of relevance the narrative has does not bring the game down since gameplay tries to be the strength of the game.Upon playing this game I first realized how awkward the keyboard controls are. There is no mouse to be used in the game, but the keyboard makes the gameplay feel like a drag. I firmly believe that fans of the Metal Slug series would be best advised to use a controller or gamepad to have any fun with this game. Another aspect of the gameplay that feels like a drag is the repetitive nature of the battles with The Claw. You have a limited number of lives and after each death you will have to face the same enemies and this feels quite tedious. Using keyboard controls is difficult when trying to press buttons to shoot, jump, and roll.The graphics are pixelated, but that’s not too bad for a game that’s trying to be an old school, 2D side scroller. If the game had more variety in its levels, the replay value would be exponentially higher. I really wanted to like Mercenary Kings because of its concept of being of resistance fighter battling an organization of villains and the various characters to choose from and customize. Weapons can also be customized so that your mercenary can leave camp for battle with better gear.  I can only recommend this game to those with a game controller or gamepad and do not care much about the quality of the narrative. If you’re a gamer who is accustomed to using the keyboard/mouse combination, I would not recommend Mercenary Kings unless you are willing to commit yourself to playing with a game controller or gamepad.  I give this game a score of 6/10."
,Recommended,218820,10784176,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Spero,"Fun game, especially with co-op. If you compare it to games like contra I'd say it's a lot less hectic. So instead of relying on your reaction time constantly there's more of a strategic approach to combat. Also customization is nice. The modding of guns and other various things are simple enough that it doesn't bog down the game with a meta game of crafting, but adds a nice change up to the game. Definitely a great game for those that like side scrolling shooters and fun co-op."
,Recommended,218820,1471193,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Bazark,"Mercenary Kings is the unapologetic, messy love child of Metal Slug, 80s pixel art, and modern RPG conventions. It is the girl who is totally into all the same♥♥♥♥♥♥you are and maybe up for some really dirty stuff if that's what you're in to. Buy this game."
,Recommended,218820,14074425,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Josh T.,"This game is great! It has great music, really good customization options and challenging gameplay. The controls can be confusing for newer players with the keyboard and the maps are the same for most of the missions in one rank. But other than that, this game is a great time killer."
76561198012301712,Recommended,218820,10928412,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TenormanTears,this game is awesome.
,Recommended,218820,19815666,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Litego,"If you enjoy a healthy dose of dopamins with your friends, this is the game for you. The amount of content this game has is ridiculous. 25 hours in and I'm maybe 2/3 of the way through the missions, and it's just getting harder by the mission, so the last 1/3 is probably gonna take just as long as the rest. Not to mention that you get so many unlocks to buy that you end up redoing missions to get the materials you need for your upgrade. And redoing them to get them on a faster time for extra bonuses, or doing the side objectives.One thing I'm not such a fan of is the reuse of the same maps. There's just too many missions happening on the same map, some of them are pretty much equal to the previous one. There's also some issues with desyncing on coop, forcing you to remake the server.Over all though this is sweet game for the price with tons of content. Don't know if I'd recommend it for solo, but it's definitely fun in coop."
,Recommended,218820,12167947,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,mete0r,"Do you like Metal Slug? Do you like Monster Hunter? Do you like Paul Robertson?Yes, yes, and yes, get this game. Finally finished after being worked on and tempered for quite a while, this game is the best we can hope for a 2d mash-up of shoot 'em ups and grind 'em ups.==THE GOOD==Amazing spritework from Paul Robertson, or at least designs. Whether or not he did the full animating, it's still a very impressive job. The intro is stellar for setting up an actiony arcade game.Quick fun and good multiplayer capability. Grab some friends and rampage around! Loot is shared, where one person needs to pick it up and the rest of your group gets the rewards, so having someone branch off to look for supplies isn't a bad thing. Plus, with reviving teammates if they get in over their head, and no friendly fire, having a partner helps.Gun customization. Slap together your weapon with multiple options. There are sets, yes, and some parts don't work so well with others, but for the most part you're free to craft your gun with whatever you grab.==THE BAD==The grind. It's not as terrible as some games can be, Monster Hunter or certain other games considered. But to make some weapons, mods, or ornaments, be prepared to run a mission well into the double digit numbers. Completionists would do well to have patience for this game.Enemy repetition. Not until about the halfway point in the game do enemies become very varied. Not a huge problem though.Ultimately, great purchase and fun game."
,Recommended,218820,9697010,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Erbkaiser,Did you play Metal Slug? Then you've played Mercenary Kings.
,Recommended,218820,9322148,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Shotgun Steve & the Justice Kid,"If you took the art of Scott Pilgrim: The Game, mixed it with the reloading of Gears of War, the weapon drops of Borderlands, and the gameplay of Metal Slug..it wouldn't sound very original, now would it?But despite that, this game is awesome. The multiplayer makes it highly entertaining, plus the large maps and weapon building mechanic keep things from getting boring.Best of all? Couch co-op! This game's seriously worth getting, and continues to get better."
,Recommended,218820,5074453,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,skoom,"Spritework by Paul Robertson of Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World's game, and mechanics and gameplay derivative of Mega Man, Metal Slug and Contra. Also 4 player multiplayer support. Buy it, and play it with me. ♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
76561198055849665,Recommended,218820,7627433,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Kritter XD,"Ever wonder what it'd be like if you had a trombone for a gun? Probably not, but this game shows what that'd probably be like. Oh, and you go running and gunning countless enemies."
,Recommended,218820,7722050,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Avatar,"This looks pretty decent, but plays a lot better than it looks. Very addictive. On your first play you might think it's ho-hum, but once you play through a few levels and start building guns, you can't stop. The variation on missions is surprisingly good considering there's not many different maps. Very solid for early access."
76561198041952197,Recommended,218820,10983186,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,unplay,"I have so mixed feelings of this game. If It would be possible, I would give this neutral.So this game is basicly 2D run-shoot-loot platformer, and it accomplishes it well. The gameplay works well, though the default settings for keys were a bit weird for me. The shooting though could be better, because there's no diagonal shooting, but otherwise it works pretty well. The reload ""quicktime event"" is a pretty cool touch too, but I don't understand the bad bullet thing (makes half of the damage).Looting and moding your skills are the main thing is this game, like if you want to get somewhere, you have to upgrade your guns (with many ways). This is nice idea, but every level has a timer, which sometimes makes the looting and gathering materials really hard. Also, the missions themselves are a bit booring.The enemies are mostly pretty okay. Not too easy to kill, neither too difficult to kill, but the placementof the enemies  feels a bit disturbing time to time. Like these flying robots appear while you try to platform to another place, guys with spears (a bit of more health than usual) are placed on small platforms, making it almost sure that you'll get hit etc. So far what I've stumbled boss fights, they're pretty okay.The graphics are really nice. The enviroments are kind of cool looking, the NPCs and the player itself looks really nice, the little animals look adorable, and the ballistics are pretty nice too. Only a bit annoying thing though is that levels are maybe a bit too repeative.Soundtrack isn't really special, maybe a bit booring if you ask me.The biggest problem of this is that it keeps crashing for some reason, which is really annoying.So, summed up:+gameplay+crafting and moding+graphics+/-guns feel nice, but should have diagonal shooting change too-timer makes gathering materials hard on some levels-keeps crashing for some reason7,8/10"
76561198061883465,Recommended,218820,8945214,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Mutant,Awesome game
,Recommended,218820,9024308,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,baron von jiggly,This game is amazingly good
,Recommended,218820,9628374,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,FireCrow1013,"One of the best retro-style experiences I've ever had. Single player, local co-op and online co-op, with the gameplay of Metal Slug combined with the thousands of weapons of Borderlands. And it's completely DRM-free!"
76561198009603875,Recommended,218820,10867188,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Zwilliamo,"A rather addicting RPG Metal Slug type game, with an art style that reminds me of the Gorillaz. The visuals, music and gameplay are amazing! If you are looking for a good game that can be played in small chunks, grab this and give it a shot!"
,Recommended,218820,9681189,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Smug™,You can make a 30 round shotgun.10/10
76561198036146117,Recommended,218820,9640676,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Lynara,"Amazing simply amazing, think of playing metal slug with gun building and borderlands' rpg elements such as elemental damages."
76561197992055880,Recommended,218820,8012452,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,< blank >,If you loved games like Metal Slug and Contra you'll definitely enjoy Mercenary Kings
,Recommended,218820,1921240,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,ChaseFace,"If you wish Scott Pilgrim was an arcade shooter, this is for you."
76561198066058538,Recommended,218820,8958093,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Totally Not Owain,Awsome game! Nice retro feel and a cool soundtrack as well
76561197970217530,Recommended,218820,9631225,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Magalian,Pretty damn fun game if you enjoy side-scroller games akin to Metal Slug or Contra(more the former).
,Recommended,218820,9631676,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,eltsoldier,"Fun game imagine monster hunter combined with ""maybe metal slug?"""
76561198120242092,Recommended,218820,8735244,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Zero,"If it wasnt fo this game I never would have joined steam. I found about this game and as soon as I found out that it was by the creators of the Scott Pilgrim vs th world game I had to buy it.Very metal slug-ish feel to it. This game combines metal slug gameplay with its own crafting system similar to games like monster hunter. I stuck through this game since it came out on early acess. Now that the full version is out I can definately say that this game is a must buy. There are lots of gun,character, and knife customazations. very cheap, very creative, and very fun. I loved every second of it and I hope you do too"
76561198035242699,Recommended,218820,9720023,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Czevak,Best $20 you'll ever spend
,Not Recommended,218820,16321791,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,wenart_graphichouse,"this game difficulty is too high, even if for the first level, in the mission of finding 8 hostages we get lost easily, the map isnt helping at all because many obstacles that arent listed in the map and easily to get forget which hut that we already entered and saved the hostages, its become a frustating you should add or put the hostages location on the map. the other frustating element are the reloading system, and the control also bad, we cannot change the knive meelee direction when its still stabbing, so we must stop stabbing and facing another direction and began stabing again, but ussualy its already too late, the enemy already hit us."
76561198041166682,Not Recommended,218820,29369673,Posted: 19 January,all,SlowAndLoud,"Mixed bag. Loved the art, it showed initial promise, however the gameplay became dull pretty quickly.Additionally, for Mac it requires external software to work, and no longer works on my laptop after several attempts to have it not simply crash on startup (10.10.5)"
,Not Recommended,218820,16715577,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Mouttu,"What if...What if Metal Slug was a bad game ?What if we added ton of useless mechanics like crafting and a golf game timed trigger everytime you reload ?What if we asked our talented artist create lots of useless NPCs and cinematics screens so the flow of the game is sure to be staggerring and frustrating ?What if we filled an action game with everythings we could to be sure nothing is fast or action packed, like ladders and crappy platformish levels ?This is Mercenary Kings, and it looked good, but it is not what it looks..."
,Recommended,218820,8965800,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,irishhhh,"If you're a fan of Metal Slug or Contra, this is a game for you. Lots of missions, Lots of weapons, lots of fun. Definitely would recommend."
,Recommended,218820,3360217,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,[FOWL] DeagleSeagull,When you get to a certain level you can use a Cat-Gun.
,Recommended,218820,6140244,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Vectimus Prime,A fun and addictive sidescroller that's too wonderful to pass up.
76561198041752396,Not Recommended,218820,11338488,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Za,"First of all, let me say the game is really pretty. It has a great retro aesthetic that moves and feels like an SNK classic. The most obvious comparison being Metal Slug of course. The music is good as well and captures that same era perfectly and is generally catchy and unobtrusive.Missions are boring and styled after MMO/RPG cliches of kill so many of this, gather so many of that, etc. and the big kicker is you can't double up on missions. Each one must be completed separately which wouldn't be unbearable if the game didn't re-use the -exact- same map for 10 or so missions. Meaning that you see the same map, with the same infinity re spawning enemies, far too much. Especially since there isn't much in the way of enemy variety nor are enemies challenging or satifying to eliminate. Even bosses are a bit of a bore considering the slower paced nature of the combat and the GoW style active reload system. Which in a better developed or more fully realized combat system would be extremely satisfying.The game also makes a big deal out of the different gun parts and plethora of combinations possible but the sad truth is most are pretty worthless and to be frankly honest a base nearly unmodified pistol will do just as well as a custom designed toilet/saxophone/chaingun. Which sort of misses the entire point doesn't it?All in all what could have been an excellent 2D  hybrid of Borderlands/Metal Slug/Contra became a tired chore of repetition. Maybe the dev team will go on to bigger and better things, I can only hope."
,Recommended,218820,7568318,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Nurse Redheart,Captures the oldschool spirit of traditional run-and-gun games like Metal Slug while adding in a deep crafting and weapon customization system that keeps the gameplay fresh.  The gorgeous pixel art ties everything together.  Even playing it in early access I'd call this one of my favorite games in years; I really can't recommend it enough.
,Recommended,218820,11632356,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,LÖGLÖB,CONS:-One achievment is unobtainable-Have gone blind and developed Epilepsy because of flashing screensPROS:-gud gaem
76561198074676738,Recommended,218820,7520302,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Letryx,"If you enjoy Metal Slug meets RPG then this is the game for you. Great variety in mission types, reruns don't get stale and customizing feels like it really makes a difference. Get this!"
76561198024624155,Recommended,218820,7694708,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Podunk Noname,"If you like Metal Slug- this is WAY better. All the old school charm, but none of the crappy controls. You get to build your own custom guns, upgrade your merc, and they didn't phone in the level content. I'm looking forward to trying the multiplayer.EDIT: Nevermind. This game is a chore. The gun thing is fine, but there is not as much customization as you might think. Most combinations just make crap guns. In order to use special ammo, you pretty much have to use parts wou may not want or that may take away aspects of the gun you like. I suppose this was done to keep people from making caustic longrang auto shotguns or something. The reload mechanic is alright. I still love the art and the gameplay is tight, but man the boss fights generally suck. Not the challenge or the pattern or the attacks! All that is fine! The problem is that they change locations. You pretty much get the first encounter to defeat them and if you don't smack them completely, in the first go, they flee to another part of the map, immediately spawn (if someone is there or not) and start going through their pattern. By the time you get to the location where they spawned, you get a few prescious seconds to attack them before they flee again. Now, you could leave the game running where they last spawned and eventually they will come back to that location, but that is boreing. So basically, it is a lame dynamic that greatly detracts from the game.This is not just one boss- but one boss they use over an over again.Also, the massive amount of levels are mostly repeats. I could have done with a more cogent/crafted set of story driven levels, one leading to the other, or an open world, or a big overworld map, but this constant revisiting of places I just wooped up on and finding them completely repopulated with bosses that flee and hostages and all that . . . jeez. This little war is being severely mismanaged. I understand that he is cloning soldiers and repopulating the levels, but come on! The same levels over and over again? Why not hit the cloning facility ASAP! Cut off supplies to the facility, sabotage the AA guns, drop some mercs in over the wall with that heli (or use a teleporter) and  de-CLAW the general! You have time to think about these things as you are running through a level for the 16th time chasing a coward in a jet.The fix? Make more of the repeat levels optional and make the bosses only spawn in their next location when a player actually shows up there. That should only require an if/then check to see if a merc is in the battle area! Again, the game could be a lot of fun, but it is a chore, and thus, not fun. The more I play it the more I am disapointed, but I'll eventually finish just becasue I like Paul Robertson's art style and the action is pretty good.Niche fanbase."
76561198047004610,Recommended,218820,24438869,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,`K,"Bought the 4 pack, gave it to three other friends, grinded it, still grinding it. This game is just sooo much fun, especially to take a break from your main time consuming games or your MMOS. Run small missions, grind grind grind and make sexy guns and ammo and don't stop having fuN!"
,Recommended,218820,16458896,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MRottDawgBarks™,"First, I can't completely understand the comparision with Metal Slug beyond the mercenary-war theme of the game, honestly... this felt quite original for me and nothing like MS -granted the visual and certain similarities between the main characters of each game caught me on the first try, but still-, so if you're expecting something like Metal Slug, well.. is not, it's different. MK is fresh and unique on its own terms, enough to stand alone as the great game it is ^^The gameplay and the story went all together smoothly for me, I just got caught in the action and completely willing to help the Mercenary Kings ^^ The music rocks and the animations are delightfully smooth even for a game that lurks intensively on the retro-look ^^ The gun-customization and overal RPG-like aspects of the game only place you deeper into the action, keeping it surprising and endearing, and this comes from someone who generally doesn't like RPGs ^^uTotally recommended =D"
76561198023552863,Recommended,218820,24626902,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Sewer Rat,"Okay, here is the skinny.... Mercenary Kings... I give it a good 9/10it has the old school sidescroller feel to it, like Metal Slug series, Einhander (PS1 game, look it up), the Original Contra series, even in a sense of Castlevenia. I love these old fashioned arcade style graphics, and if you have a controller, its going to make you feel like a kid again (Ahem, assuming of course you where alive back then), the Music it gives, and its overall atmosphere. The options for guns is pretty damn nice, and you can make funky looking toys out of them, I havent gotten far (yet), so Im curious if I can make a Flamethrower with a SMG stock, or a Rocketlauncher to look like a pistol... the thoughts are there. well enough blather there, so I will give what I FEEL is the pros and cons (please let not my preception judge your decisions)Pros:Classic graphics, so its friendly for simpler systems (no not the original MAC, Microsoft, or Apple computers.. Get with the times!)The Music is pretty fair, not the best, but it fits the game styleMissions are pretty straight forward, no annoying long winded speeches (Aint no one got time for that!)Its not a total bullet hell, but enough to get your reflexes up (Keep away Ikaruga! you crazy!)Okay... and now the Cons... (and I dont mean the one sitting next to you, the guy whos reading this on a plane)Music, as I said is fair, but can make your head ring some with the repetition. (like your crazy mother-in-law whom screams alot)Controls are sticky at first until you get used to it then it gets easier.Some minor graphic issues (IE Helecopters blades on base is floating, not connected)Well thats all the pro's and cons there is to it, so its fun, and enjoy it!"
,Recommended,218820,916258,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Best Linear Unbiased Estimator,"The reload mechanic is tedious and annoying, dont buy this."
76561198024003468,Recommended,218820,9636722,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,RevMatthias,"This is a great little 2D platformer/shooter. There's a lot of grinding in it, which I liked, but that might be something others would not enjoy."
76561198067436645,Recommended,218820,15675732,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,DrDrake4,"This game is SO GOOD. It is like that cool game you heard about but never played. Like you cousin told you about the NES Metal Gear's plot, and you thought it would play like Contra. You also made it look cooler than it ever would on the NES. You made the perfect game a violent 11 year old would want to play in the 90's. Not one a violent 11 year old would make, but one they would play. This game is pretty polished, even though it has a little to much grinding. Also this game really is not like Metal Slug at all, it's like Contra. Sure the art style and sprites are similar, but the game play is more like Contra with slower (not slow) gameplay than Metal Slug. Also despite all the different levels, you will play the same levels with the same robots, and the same backgrounds over and over again. This makes the game loses a lot of its luster long before you can actually finish the game. Some of the ideas are interesting, the hunting, the upgrades to the guns, and the supporting characters. These all have flaws though. The hunting is repetative and gives few real rewards. The upgrades are confusing, with some bullets not working after you change one part of you gun. The supporting charaters are basically just fun one-liner machines, and while I like them they should have more lines, or somethings. Currently they just feel very repetative. That really is the main flaw of the game, how repetative it is.  It should have had a few things cut, or more levels and enemies. It should provide hours of fun though."
,Recommended,218820,9070079,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Little_senshi,"If you enjoy sidescrolling shooting action this game is for you!The graphics and gameplay are similar to the Metal Slugs games.However you can create several weapons with different attributes (fast reloading, more bullets in magazines, bullet elemental damage etc.).The game itself is structered into several areas where you need to take on certain missions which can be quite similar (pick xx materials, kill all enemies, destroy xx, capture xx enemy etc.).Although some might say these missions can be repetitive, I personally did not mind at all."
76561198179854709,Recommended,218820,25918135,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,yfarkash,"Great art style and animation, fun and challenging game play, tons of customizations and resource gathering.It's very similar to metal slug esthetically and thematically, but the gameplay is pretty different in my opinion.mercenary kings is a much slower game and far less arcade-like, but you have more control over the character and more exploration, crafting, side missions, etc.I think the control scheme could've been better though, and the game can sometimes get a bit grindy and repetitive."
76561198025340157,Recommended,218820,12889895,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Wangtron3000,"Contra + Metal Slug + Crafting had an orgy and this game came out.+ It's Crossplatform HOT and Steamy Co-OP action+Great Visuals and Music+Play the way you like with so many different weapon customizations, OVER 9000?!?!?!??!-Melee play is not encouraged-Wish the enemies were more varied and not as predictable."
76561198024188118,Not Recommended,218820,13129086,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Crokey,"Trying too hard to be a shooter, when its actually a platformer with shooter elements. Doesn't mesh well together. Gameplay is clunky and needless difficult."
,Recommended,218820,9863384,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Warlock Beta,This game pretty much is good.Great for a platformer with a retro feel.Especially good is the weapon system which lets you make your gun work in a way you like.Makes me even happier that it works in MacOSX.One thing I don't like is the time limit.  Making a limit like 1 hour or so would be fine.  But some missions where you have to search.......10-20 minutes won't cut it.  You'd almost need to know where are everything you need to find is located before you get into the level.
76561198087042109,Recommended,218820,10176214,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Notorious B.I.G.,Pretty awesome challenging 2D shooter. Great Co-op mode. Terrific weapon selection. Better played with a controller though.
,Recommended,218820,5006974,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,BearChode,"This game is a 2d run and gun game at its finest, the weapon upgrading is very in depth and you can make pretty much what you want even if it is a flippin' machine shotgun. Playing this game with friends is essential , because the quests can be hard to do by yourself and get a bit tedious."
76561198086782328,Recommended,218820,8766175,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,TEAM LEADER,"A good game but dont bother buying yet because it runs♥♥♥♥♥♥ they need to sort out the lag, I own games like shank, fez, csgo ect and they run fine, I cant see why a game like this shouldnt. having said that it really could be a wicked game, has a load of guns to mod, and the graphs yet basic kick♥♥♥♥♥and it has a f##k load of missions"
,Recommended,218820,9243075,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Squidgy,"If you are looking at this, buy this game.Seriously, if you have interest enough to be looking at this page, I assure you this game will deliver. It will. It just will.Mercenary Kings is, at its core, a perfect blend of Contra, Metal Slug, and Monster Hunter, all represented with stunningly crafted sprites and an artstyle that is just amazing. The gameplay is satisfying and precise like Contra, from the shooting to the platforming and the controls. On top of that, it has the addictive collecting and crafting of Monster Hunter. You will find yourself unable to stop as you want to collect more items to personalize your character.The personalization is top notch. Weapon customization is absurdly awesome. There are tons of options to mix and match to create a gun that really fits your play-style, and all of them are very well-balanced. You could spend hours just trying out all of the combinations to see what you like best.The game is currently in alpha, but it has a level of polish like no other early access game I've seen. It is fully playable with seemingly no bugs in sight. Its truly astonishing - I really feel they could have called the game finished already, but nevertheless they are still cranking out updates for it, so don't let that ""early access"" label scare you off.All in all, I was pleasantly surprised at just how fun this game was. Playing this game has actually gotten me to say ""Wow, this is fun"" out loud, something that not many games can do. I was hoping for some fun, Contra-styled platforming - and this game did more than deliver."
76561198083934549,Recommended,218820,9926466,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,demon puppy hero,"ok! SO! here is a game I saw and was like ""wow this looks crazy!""here's the good and bad of the game.Its kindof a grinders game, you do different missions in the same 5 or 6 levels. (kinda like monster hunter)but dont let that stop you, if you've played MH then you can excuse that, the gun customization is crazy.you can go from lil' tiny pea-shooter hand gun, to ""jesus crust, my cat is shooting flaming rocket hearts at my foes""now, this game is nowhere near as hard as metal slug, but it can be played online with up to 4 players and is just a fun game to play. ALSO if you were planning on changing your player colors, you cant acctualy ""choose what you want"" rather they give you pre-sets that you can unlock.I know no one knows me, but i give this game an 8/10"
,Recommended,218820,9706565,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Stoned_Hobo,"if you like the fast pased, shoot-'em-up gameplay of metal slug, you will ove this game. the art is awesome, the pixel style really works well for this game. the best part is the customization aspect for your weapons. unlike metal slug where you have a standard pistol, and then can pick up upgrades for a short while, here, the upgraded weapons are your primary weapons.my only complaint would be the reloading system, since it does tend to break up the action a bit, especially when using weapons with low ammo counts, but it doesn't detract too much away from the game.overall, i really like this game"
76561198120839134,Recommended,218820,9712021,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Marshu,"A ton of fun, a little tough at first but soon as you get enemy patterns down it's a perfect challenge. They have a really nice way of easing you into the crafting mechanic I tought I would have been overwhelmed but was proven wrong. And graphically Mercenary Kings is beyond charming with it's multiple death animations and movements always keep it entertaining. And local split screen is fantastic for people with real life friends (don't worry online is available too)"
76561198027748338,Recommended,218820,9690075,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Ink,"This game is wonderful. It reminds me of many other games of its kind (Such as Metal Slug, Megaman, and Cave Story) while at the same time being incredibly different. The gun crafting is wonderful because you dont have to pick a gun type and stick with it 24/7 or even pick a set type at all. You can jam the barrel of a sniper rifle onto a shotgun with a pistol stock that ahs the magazine of a minigun. And it might even shoot missiles. Why? Why not. Also you can have a cat as a gun and thats awesome."
,Recommended,218820,10923345,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mr. Roboto,"This game has a fun pace, lots of content, and RPG elements to boot.  I definitely recommend it.  Get it so we can co-op!"
,Recommended,218820,457890,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Apologetic Canadian,"If you can't already tell, Paul Robertson worked on the animation/sprites. That should be enough to sell you on this game alone -- not to mention it looks like it'll play like some of his more famous videos and not like that Scott Pilgrim abortion."
,Recommended,218820,5026070,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Eloines ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,"Seriously an awesome game. I personally NEVER play shooters but this game has something random about it. Being able to shoot bullets with a toilet, a snail shell or a trumpet makes it that much more fun. As well as puppy bosses with rainbow colors. It's like the Saints Row among shooters."
,Recommended,218820,9709597,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Honky Kong Jr.,"This game is 100x better with a controller. Keep that in mind. Other than that, it's a great Metal Slug clone and is tons of fun."
,Recommended,218820,3113019,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Trim,"Not a recommendation exactly, but more like my early thoughts on this pre-release game.Art style is like Metal Slug, which is what drew me in initially. However, it plays more like Mega Man. You have a life bar so you don't have to play perfectly, and there's a little more platforming than a Slug game. No insta-death traps or pits, which is nice. It's got that Gears of War reload action bar; can add tension or be a distraction in the heat of the moment. All around, gameplay's pretty solid if not easy to a Mega Man veteran.100 stages is misleading; it's really 100 missions spread over a handful of branching-path areas that are reused. You'll see the same zones multiple times. Good for getting familiar with the terrain, but revisiting the same places gets repetitive.Downed enemies can drop materials that're used for gun/knife/perk crafting. And there's lots of gun parts to craft. Some are interesting, others seem nearly identical stat-wise. Gathering rare mats can kinda suck, but it gives you more to do in-game than just run 'n gun all the time.Both local and online multiplayer available.  Haven't tried either one, but hear it's good.  When picked up, crafting mats are given to everyone (though the resultant item can be different from player-to-player due to individual perks) so no ninja looting required.There are bugs that need squashing. They'll be tweaking and adjusting gameplay/menus/UI. There's a lack of challenge for some.  It's missing a compelling reason to keep playing besides a basic story and unlocking new craftables.  But in an unfinished state, it's not bad and will only get better. Can't fully recommend it yet, nor would I discourage anyone to try it out if they like this style of game.  At the very least, it's worth keeping an eye on for the future.#1 tip: Utilize dat map!!#2 tip: Magazine size affects your gun's power. Big mags, low damage. Small mags, death machine that needs constant reloading."
,Recommended,218820,6674862,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Phloop,"Like the ""Metal Slug"" games?Like the artwork for ""Scott Pilgrim vs The World"" for PS3?Get this game! It's hard as nails, but more fun than that crazy friend of yours you only see ocassionally because they tend to add to your criminal record."
,Recommended,218820,7876286,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,"Big Blake, Towering Bruiser","Metal Slug for the new age. Growing up practically living in the town arcade, I played an unhealthy amount of Metal Slug, up until it closed down a few years ago. Upon discovering this game, I was immediately struck by the similarities, and the pixel art of Paul Robertson (Scott Pilgrim vs. The World: The Game). Mercenary Kings is an obective based game, with some slight RPG like elements to it. Seeing as the game isn't totally complete yet, I'm eagerly awaiting what's next for this game."
,Recommended,218820,2715018,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,afroyarou,"Basically it's Metal Slug, but instead of jumping tanks there are levels with free exploration and fully customizable guns. Most important thing - they didn't ♥♥♥♥ up the controls which is so rare these days in platform shooters."
,Recommended,218820,33074959,Posted: 1 July,all,KelpTheGreat,"DANG, this game is good. Hundreds of weapon parts, enemies, and levels, amazing graphics either by or inspired by Paul Robertson, great chiptune soundtrack, an in-depth weapon crafting system, and splitscreen local co-op? It doesn't get any better than this."
,Recommended,218820,27568866,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Deep 13,"With the weapon variety and crafting system of Monster Hunter and some really good music and great art, I really enjoy what this game has to offer. My only problem is the sometimes Ninja Gaiden-esque enemy respawning, but there's no bottmless pits so that's not so much of an issue. If you hate grinding, then stay away, but if you don't mind it you should have a good time."
,Recommended,218820,10685248,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DestryU,"""Borderlands, Contra, and Gears of War had a baby - they called it Mercenary Kings and it's pretty. Now go away, I wanna keep playing it.""Mercenary Kings is hand drawn pixel art at its finest, brought to you by the same folks who rendered the Scott Pilgrim game. The art alone is enough to gawk at, making expert use of animations, sprites, silhouettes and the like. What's important about it, and why it deserves such attention, is because that EVERY pixel was lovingly and knowingly placed to give Mercenary Kings a very distinct look and feel.The plus side is that when you start putting that much effort into every pixel, you start to care about where they're all going - the controls in this game are tight and responsive, especially if you play with a game controller. Layered on top of this are several fun and exhaustive features, including but not limited to active reloading, collectibles, and a unique brand of rocket jumping that involves a minigun.Where Mercenary Kings falls short, however, is in its pacing and length. The game has a lot to offer, A LOT, and one might even argue it has a bit too much. Grinding drops for better gear isn't always a bad thing, but it can get tedious mission after mission during the long campaign of the game. What's more, the formula doesn't change much over its course, so in time the game itself can feel like a grind.However, all in all, this is action gaming done correctly. While the metroidvania genre only recognizes two games, it's important to know that Contra, Megaman, and more added a worthy third style of game to the mix that involves a few more guns - Mercenary Kings is the pinnacle of that."
76561197995255400,Recommended,218820,10680984,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Senor Muybueno,"I have a Mac, I wonder how far I can get without this game crashi-"
76561198010662242,Recommended,218820,23091235,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,XPhantom SithX,"Buying this game knowing nothing of its development, I find it enjoyable. I see a lot of complaints about the controls, which I can agree are troublesome with the keyboard, but if you have an Xbox 360 (or equivalent) controller laying around, it'll make your time playing this game much more enjoyable.The missions being timed can be a con for most, but having a 2 year old, it's great. I play a mission or two, parent for a while and come back to it.I may not have that much time invested into this game so far, but it's the one I plan to play a lot more of in the future."
,Recommended,218820,13627721,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Catnarok.,"Bit clunky but full of personality... it is a game you need to sink your teeth into. It is Metal Slug mixed with the Monster Hunter series so those quirks are there like learning boss patterns and grinding materials to make new weapon upgrades. It takes a bit of time to get used to the games quirks but it is worthwhile to get into if you like spending time learning the nuances.I can't recommend it to everyone but for fans of the ""Hunting Genre"" it might really be up your alley if you like the idea of grinding missions with some friends and constantly upgrading and farming (and you may need a few friends to get through smoothly). It is a fun take on those familiar with this gameplay."
,Not Recommended,218820,10922122,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,k014,"I was hoping a metal slug here, or something like contra, but no... it is very repetive, you CAN NOT SHOOT DIAGONALY!, but enemies can, very slow progression, gets me bored to uninstall, do not recomend at all"
76561198055194253,Not Recommended,218820,17597384,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Spike,"If you like Metal Slug, with it's nice scenarios and many interesting situations, nothing for you here.The game got nice art, good controls.What's the problem? It forces you to repeat the same few levels over and over again, grinding, doing ""different"" missions, with minimal variation. It quickly became a chore, rather than a fun experience.I tryed so much to like it, I wanted it to be good. Made myself play a little more, and the repeated levels just added up. It goes like this: you play the first level once, than the second twice, the third x3...They did the hard parts right and broke it where you least expect. They clearly wanted it to be longer but didn't want to make more levels, so they mixed some casual game mechanics and made us grind.Tryed the multiplayer but it changes nothing. It's a boring repetitive game."
76561198151012204,Recommended,218820,14394691,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,💀  BASTINDA,Playing 30 Hours. Game Still interesting to play. Newer and newer upgrades makes game interesting. Best expirience from coop game .
76561198057838265,Not Recommended,218820,12222347,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SweetCatastrophe,"When I first played this game I was definitely not a fan, but later I came back to it and really tried to get into it. I play with the keyboard and don't like the controls, they don't feel natural and so I really had to get used to them. The missions are not very challenging more so annoying if anything. You just go around the map and have to collect a certain number of this or kill a certain number of that. The maps themselves are the same ones over and over again, there are maybe three different maps in total. The game gets really repetitive at least for me. One good thing though is that you have a lot of missions, I've played for about 6 hours and still haven't completed all the recruit missions and that is just the start. I really like how you can craft weapons with the materials you pick up, allowing you to make some pretty awesome and overpowered guns. The knives aren't worth buying, they don't give you much more damage than the one you start out with, and you will be using your gun for the majority of the time anyways since there is no limit to bullets, you just have to reload. All in all the game is pretty mediocre, it's pretty fun for the first couple of hours but gets boring quite quickly and I can't help feeling like I could be spending my time playing something more enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,218820,13117399,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,sere,"Disappointing character movement through an uninspired and super repetitive mission structure.  With such extra stale fetch quests filling out much of the game; it's just not worth commiting the time to finishing them.  The comparisons to Monster Hunter seem too generous or even coming from gamer delusion, as this game is definitely closer to a soulless korean phone rpg."
,Recommended,218820,9784166,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,AritheReaper,"I feel like this game is similar to metal slug, but it has improved on it and changed the story line. As well as adding a few new features and some comical humor to lighten the mood, making this game one of the games i would recommend to almost anyone."
76561198068741676,Recommended,218820,12274480,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ambivalentiowa,"Kind of a mixed bag.. the shooting mechanics are fun and very accurate, and the weapon customization is great, but the actual level structure is very repetetive and it can be confusing to figure out where in the maze-like levels you need to go to find your objectives.  Still fun though, and hunting down the enemy whose rare drop you need to make your next upgrade does help dimnish the mze-running feel."
,Recommended,218820,10056671,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,dudexxzy,BEST GAME EVER! It's a mix between Metal Slug and Dead Space 3's gun crafting system so you can change everything on your gun!
,Recommended,218820,12255421,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Being gay is okay,This is a great game it has a large amount of customizable wepons.This game is a fun time to play when you want your metal slug to mix with borderlands
76561198075602468,Recommended,218820,11091313,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,MythicStyx,"This game is fun. That much is true, but there are parts that of play that are extremely tedious and annoying. Most if not all the missions are some sort of fetch quest that I've got to find something for. Neutralize mission? More like search the entire level fifteen times and you only have 5 minutes to do it and HOLY SH** WHERE IS THAT LAST SNIPER?! The gameplay is fun, cooperative play is fun as heck with friends, but the quests are massively just the same maps with different objectives, and the objectives are all fetch quests. Heck, you even have to search the level to fight the BOSSES.The gun customization is fun to play around with (Trumpet toilet cat guns, as well as stabbing people with plungers) but that's a fetch quest as well. Wanna craft this super-cool looking plasma ultra laser trumpet toilet pewpew gun? Well, go find 30 pieces of diamond, 40 scraps of my leftover sandwich, additional pylons, fireworks, confetti, and a cake.The gameplay itself is cool and all, but you need to find EVERYTHING TO DO ANYTHING. Go blow up this barricade. But first, go out into the jungle to find a random crate with C4 in it. I don't care if you have a full inventory, throw out those insanely overpriced first aid kits and grab A SINGLE UNIT OF EXPLOSIVES. And then go back and grab more explosives, because you can't have more than one at the same time.Ending the rant here and summing it up. Too many fetch quests. I still recommend the game, because it's amazingly fun with friends. But please to god, make more levels and get rid of most of the finding. Having to look for C4 to blow up a wall is pretty reasonable, just don't make me do it over and over and over again."
,Recommended,218820,16802446,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,clutester,"Love this game. It is a combination of River City Ransom, Scott Pilgram vs the World, and Castle Crashers. Lots of weapon combonations to build and fun collection of items to find."
,Not Recommended,218820,8790976,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,"I'm a big fan of retro games, side-scrolling shooters and action RPGs, but I simply couldn't get into this game. It gets repetitive way too quickly, and the people I tried to co-op with just lost interest far too quickly.It doesn't help that the game forces you to participate in many tedious, downright painful resource gathering missions in order to advance, instead of focusing on its strong core mechanics."
76561198044848851,Recommended,218820,18534231,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,cadbaka,"This game is amazing.I believe the ""small"" amount of positive reviews for this title (75%ish) is because people watch the gameplay video and think: ""This game looks likemetal slug, since I like metal slug I'll enjoy this"".Only to realize this game does not play like metal slug at all.I would compare this game with something likeMonster Hunter, due to the farming for parts and the timed missions.This game offers a gun customization system that requires enemy/boss drops to craft gun parts and knives. Want to make a machine gun that shoots wall piercing rounds or a pistol that shoots guided missiles that split on contact?Well... you can.The gameplay is really good, movement, jumping and shooting feels really nice. The jump in this game requires some commitment since its hard to change directions once airborne, kinda like classic castlevanias but not that extreme.The Bosses feel good to be taken down and have a nice variety (not counting color swaps), and thats nice since you will probably be fighting them more than a couple of times for its drops.This is an awesome game if you dont expect it to be a metal slug clone. The game is amazing, not as a clone of something but as something new. (that I'm aware of)="
,Recommended,218820,10022988,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,DrunkCat,IZ FUN OLD SCHOOL GAME.....MADE BY TRIBUTE THE GUYS WHO BROUGHT YOU SCOTT PILGRIM VS THE WORLD THE GAME
,Recommended,218820,7800299,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,SPACE HAMSTER,It's like Metal Slug without being Metal Slug with graphics by the dude who did Scoot Pilgrim. Yeah. That guy.
,Recommended,218820,8081944,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,D.Morok,Fun oldschool platformer. ive enjoing it very much.
,Recommended,218820,10753970,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nuvdlar,"Fun game, more fun with friends!"
,Recommended,218820,10305999,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Bacon27,"Short Version Below, just skip to PROs and CONs:I picked this little gem up when it went on sale. I figured ""Hey, it looks like fun, it's multiplayer, and it looks similar to Metal Slug"" In some regards it is, but in others, it's a whole other beast. First, I'll draw the similarities.When you first start up Mercenary Kings, you'll notice, ""Hey, this plays a lot like Metal Slug"" (if you're familiar with the series). Controls are a little strange at first, though I'd recommend changing them, but once you get down to the nitty-gritty stabby-shooty, you don't seem to notice as much. There's the familiar, arcade-style run-and-gun type gameplay that you'd expect from the screenshots, but what really makes this game unique is the differences from which the game breaks the stereotype.The crafting system is extensive that sometimes it can be overwhelming, but if you're the type that loves to tinker around and figure out what works best (which varies, depending on the mission), or if you fancy yourself a virtual gunsmith, then you will love this crafting system. A few RPG elements are added in that there are a few stats to keep in balance as you prepare for each mission, but other than that, there's not too much else to the game. I do, however, really like the way multiplayer (both local, on one machine, or over the Internet) is handled. From the in-game base camp, players can join their friends or find other players online and team up to accomplish missions seamlessly (think drop-in/drop-out style, but only for this one area).In short:PROS:Excellent and fun selection of weaponsFamiliar gameplay style feels freshSeamless multiplayer matchmaking - You can find a team rather quickly, and if they leave you, there's no penalties to you. (A big bonus!)Lots of pew pew pewCONS:Controls can be a bit awkward at first. I felt like a noob who never played arcade games beforeCrafting system can be a mite overwhelming for players who just want to jump into the gameMissions can be repetitive if you're grinding for crafting materialsOverall, I highly recommend this game, it was worth every penny."
,Recommended,218820,3777597,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,KingLiger,Its a fun sidescrolling game with lots o weapon combinations. If you liked Metal Slug then you should really like this. Even though itsa in early right now its still good and can only get better
76561198029250518,Recommended,218820,7960990,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,pyokolla,"This game is really a lot of fun.At first I though it was some kind of ripoff of the Metal Slug series.But after playing it, I was really impressed by the gameplay (which is effectivelyinspired by the Metal Slug series) but the whole progression in the game, is more likea Monster Hunter game.You have to hunt down and find your component to create your ultimate weapon of destruction and improve your mercenary. The graphics are really funny, detailled and various, the gun customization is crazy, the physics are pretty well done (there is recoil to the guns)."
,Recommended,218820,9718518,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,garr596,"This is a good game. But I only think I find it to be good because it feels like Metal Slug. Which just might be the only reason why you'll want to buy this. This games is a great nostalgic trip but that's all it really has to offer, besides some gun customization. So if you have never played Metal Slug, it's a great game. But better than this. So I highly recommend this to anyone that has beaten the Metal Slugs and wants another Metal Slug-ish game. But if you haven't played Metal Slug, buy that game first."
,Not Recommended,218820,9804460,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Rabbit,"If you're looking for something along the lines of Metal Slug, then Mercenary Kings is not what you want. Mercenary Kings manages to not only have the most frustrating boss system I've ever encountered, it also pulls off the worst control system I've ever had the displeasure of trying to use.I would recommend saving your money for another title. I know I wish I could."
76561198031576167,Not Recommended,218820,9637622,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,MegaWood,"3/10I absolutely love Metal Slug. This game is no Metal Slug. Despite the similar art style and gameplay, the game comes nowhere close to achieving what it wants to. Yes, there are countless levels to play. However, you will find by the fourth level you have already played all the game has to offer. They continually put you into the same couple levels and just mix up the objectives. The enemies, scenery, and everything else stay exactly the same. If they had designed 6-7 very unique and long levels like an actual Metal Slug game it would have been much better. As it stands now, $20 is a huge asking price for such a shallow experience. If it were $10 I would say consider it, but $20 is way too much. I regret this purchase."
,Recommended,218820,10133657,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Big Bang Blitz,(Mostly) Mindless fun with just enough variety to keep it interesting.
,Not Recommended,218820,10930866,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[butt] turtle 🐢,"Doesn't even run. Fun times!Edit: After some tinkering, I managed to get the game to launch. Unfortunately, the original rating stands. I was looking forward to having a game to play cooperatively with friends and this was quite a let-down.Many people have already complained about the couch co-op split screen, but I knew about that going in. What really misses the mark for me is the fact that Mercenary Kings ""co-op"" feels more like having multiple single player games running at once. Dying and having to fight your way back to where you left off works well for single player games but really makes for a poor multiplayer experience. Nothing sucks the fun out of a game like feeling like you or one of your friends is a burden."
,Not Recommended,218820,11086890,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ChewysPeanuts,"A side scrolling shooter with a modern graphic style of metal slug. The murmurs of the game being grindy and tedious are unfortunately true. The game is mission based. You pick a mission from your starting camp and load into the area to complete the mission. All missions are quite repetitive as they are either; save hostage(s), find and talk to npc, gather resources, find and kill/capture character. It didn't take me long before becoming bored at the tasks i was given.All the areas are for the most part the same with the exception of where certain objectives are placed. Typically the areas took upon the same variation of an industrial warehouse.There is customizing in the form of guns. This is the most interesting aspect of the game. You can rearrange an assortment of gun parts together to create some rather amusing but effective guns. Although acquiring new gun parts requires you to finish a chapter of missions. These missions again are chore to go through as it seems you're constantly doing the same thing.There is crafting which consists of gun parts, passive perks you can wear, and a few other items. To craft you gather resources dropped by enemies or found in crates along the progress of your mission.Other than the graphic style and gun customization there isn't much else to this game. The areas are bland and lacking variety. The missions are highly repetitive, laborious, and uninspired. I had fun initially, but quickly noticed the flaws that became harder to overlook and enjoy the game. I would only advise those interested to purchase on a sale."
76561198023461095,Recommended,218820,11668264,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,McJimbo{Dex},"Mercenary Kings is a 2D co-op pixel shooter, reminiscent of Contra or, more accurately, Metal Slug. An elite mercenary group conveniently named ""The Kings"" (and suspiciously led by The King, a generically light-skinned and dark-haired Übermensch) is called into action by a vaguely American-looking military to take down a self-styled dictator who has taken over an island paradise -- not the most original setup, but a solid gameplay loop, intuitive mechanics, and a deep crafting system keeps the player engaged, and art by the inimitable Paul Robertson makes every new enemy and locale a beautiful thing to discover (and subsequently destroy)."
76561198046154531,Recommended,218820,11787873,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Durgim Gold-hammer,realy cool
,Recommended,218820,12145175,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,fullskel,Done by the best pixel artist EVER but the controls kind of suck.
,Not Recommended,218820,12791529,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,CrankySmurf,"Spent more time trying to get my PS3 controller to work. Keyboard input is rought. Just about punched the screen over the controls, unistalled to be safe.Getting the inputs to work shouldnt be the most challenging thing about the game."
76561197994826108,Not Recommended,218820,12849512,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,mvno_subscriber,"The animations and soundtrack is all nice, but the game itself is both repetitive and unnecessarily complicated. The controls are a bit annoying, you replay the same stages over and over again (different goals, but still nothing new), you have a time limit on the levels and on top of that you have to collect materials to be able to craft/buy powerups of all different kinds. Now powerups are fine, but there's too many and it gets boring and complicated.I just wanted a nice platformer to have some fun, but this is a tedious grinder of a game."
,Recommended,218820,13209543,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Wolvaroo,It's pretty much Monster Hunter X Metal Slug.
,Recommended,218820,13364074,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Ponyhkiin,"Solid controls, nice old-school graphics and music. Great co-op experience! Crafting is fun: you can demolish enemies with a trombone (which buzzes) or a cat (which meows). The only downside is that maps and missions are rehashed over and over again."
,Recommended,218820,12855043,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,{Patriarchy} FDR's Legs,This game is incredibly fun and enteratining. The levels recycle but it's a small detail that can easily be forgiven.
,Recommended,218820,10092559,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,😺 Jolly Kitten,"So oldschool. This game could have came out on Sega Genesis or Super Nintendo in 90's.Pros — awesome graphics, nice music. Much indie-ness. Not much grinding. Funny dialogues and some cool references.Cons — lack of variety in level design and music. Tedious grind.Let the haters hate it. I loved it. Well worth the price.Also kitty gun!8/10"
76561198019043251,Recommended,218820,13883442,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Xdragon,"134 hours and still going strong.Now look, not everyone enjoys this game and I get it, but I can't understand these people who played the games for less than an hour who give it a negative review.I've played this game for how long I have because of a few factors.1. It's fun for me. That doesn't mean it is for everyone else.2. Great style and music.3. Great replayability for speed purposes.and finally,4. Alpha is the best boss ever no questions asked.I've completed this game numerous times while speedrunning and currently hold the fastest time for completing the game from start to finish. This game can be frustrating at times when you're doing this but to be completely honest, if you take your time through this game you'll find it to be fairly easy.Take these reviews with a grain of salt as always because nobody can really tell you what YOU will experience while playing this game. This is just my opinion in a sea of others."
76561197981123842,Not Recommended,218820,12919617,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Lemonsqueeze,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAqJWkKk8s4&feature=youtu.beVideo Review!Summary:In the long run, it gets repititious and playing with friends could break that up, but i was playing it solo.  It was like there was dozen maps, but around 100 missions, meaning you were repeating alot of the same maps with different objectives and/or enemies.  However, the Game features wonderful art, gameplay and customizations.  But it ultimately felt like you had to grind to get more gear, rather than you wanting to grind to get more gear.  Reminded me of college, I never wanted to read books i was ASSIGNED, even though I was still interested in the material.  But when it comes to books I wanted to read, I could enjoy it."
76561198106476691,Recommended,218820,13339001,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,[CUGI] Trash Cat,"Things I enjoyed: Artwork is fantastic (If you're into pixel graphics), music was engaging, and the bosses were pretty cool.The knife mechanics are interesting, the ability to deflect bullets with your knife certainly makes the game easier. I enjoyed the different load outs I could make with a gun, and the different ammunitions associated with them. I think I'll always love hot hearts.Definitely not Metal Slug, though.Things I didn't enjoy: wanting to build a particular gun, only to realize I need to craft it using materials I have to keep finding throughout the game. In that sense, the grinding gets pretty boring. However, the use of achievements (like speed running the levels) make the grinding arbitrarily less annoying.Personally, the use of a good gun renders the knife not very useful in situations."
76561198119251163,Recommended,218820,13310165,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,PaqMan3D,"It's not Metal Slug, so let's get that out of the way first. Mercenary Kings (MK) does borrow a lot from SNK's long running series (like rescuing hostages that say ""Thank You!"" after or the general look of the game), but it also borrows ideas from other games, like Metroid, Metal Gear Solid, and Contra.MK is best played through local co-op, at least so far to me. I haven't played it online with other folks, just my girlfriend and so far we're hooked. For a $10 game (on sale), I've squeezed 20 hours of gameplay out of it and we're not even half way done with all of the objectives. We're having a blast playing this -- splitting up on missions to accomplish multiple objectives efficiently or teaming together to take down a nasty boss. It's very fun.The music is really catchy as hell, too. Has that NES/Genesis vibe to it and you'll be humming the songs in this game at work every day because they get stuck in your head. The art direction is really nice, too. If you liked Scott Pilgrim The Game, this is up your alley.Even at full price of $20, MK is worth the admission. If you have a friend to play with, do not think twice about purchasing."
,Recommended,218820,9664938,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Elric225,"First of all I really suggest playing this game with an xbox360 style controller. This game is a very fun and solid 2d shoot-em-up with an underlying layer of deep item farming, crafting and boss ""hunting"". co-op is great so the 4pack might be a good idea if you know you have three reliable friends to keep playing with and the mission based setup allows a lot of replayability, trying to achieve secret objectives or beating the times."
76561198006319559,Not Recommended,218820,11191655,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,I am watching you.,At first I had fun but as I played the same level over and over again with different objectives I found myself falling asleep. Literally.
76561198001886287,Recommended,218820,11400549,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Arisulane,"Not really as run-and-gun as Metal Slug. Merc Kings is all about grinding and completion. The difficulty picks up around 40 missions in (roughly 10+ hours or so), then you start to see how the reload mechanic contributes to gun balancing. If you're lucky enough to play with four players at once, the team power and gun variety is really neat. Solo play is just a pure grind."
,Recommended,218820,12150854,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Tomorrow's Joe,"It's a mix of Monster Hunter and Metal SlugUpgrade your pistol into all sorts of rifles, machine guns and even Bazookas.The sprites in this game are also really good and fun to look at."
,Recommended,218820,11500580,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,frashure11,"It would be great if there was a Linux port... *hint hint*I recommend using a gamepad of some kind. It's fun and stuff, but if you try keyboard it's just not the same and this is from someone who prefers keyboard and mouse on games.Gameplay and story are fun, customization is good, and it's fun to play with friends too."
,Not Recommended,218820,11275520,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sandie Catfish,Game doesn't work for many people.  Look at the forums; there are most posts about the game not working than anything else.  I have spent 14 hours trying to get the game to work on 2 different systems; it just doesn't work.  The developers seem to be MIA in most aspects and won't return e-mails.  They pick a random topic or 2 to reply every couple of days.  They aren't even giving us what they promised in their kickstarter.  Maybe check again in a year or 2 and see if it is actually a finished product or not.
,Recommended,218820,11772769,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Ben,"this game is amazing. played it co-op. the last couple bosses are super-hard, though.the weapon system can be hard to understand. sometimes, the effects of a weapon are not explained, and you will not discover them until you equip them. or sometimes you need a combination of parts to get an effect, even though nothing on-screen tells you this; you discover it on accident. or never do, and get disappointed that you can't seem to make an automatic weapon even though the weapon description says it's automatic.still, despite my paragraph of rambling, this is a small complaint. the game is HUGE fun; getting new weapon parts is exciting; killing bosses is rewarding; the music and graphics are great.don't be turned off after you realize you've been playing different parts of the same map for 10 missions now. you get a new map every time you advance in rank. the maps get HUGE and complicated and intricate. it's possible the designers baby new players a little too long, worried a big map would be too scary. but it's only a LITTLE too long :)"
,Recommended,218820,11787665,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,None Hitwonder,"YES, YES, AND YES. SHOOT ALL THE THINGS."
76561197989908786,Recommended,218820,11813011,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Skullcrusha,"To me, this game is mostly comparable to a megaman game, with grinding.The art is awesome and the gameplay is pretty tight, though a bit clunky at times.The boss battles are also very fun.I would recommend this if you like older games like those on the SNES.Some down-sides are:- If you want to do all the missions (why wouldn't you), you'll have to revisit the same levels a lot of times.- The enemy respawns happen a bit to fast- Sometimes I feel like the level design forces me to takes hits- The weapon customization is cool and all, but maybe there are a bit too many options?"
,Recommended,218820,12007856,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Fellow_Joel,A wonderful little side-scrolling shooter with an emphasis on customising your weaponry. Fairly challenging and a nice art style reminiscent of games like Scott Pilgrim VS The World.Did I mention it has Co-Op too?That's a fun part as well.
,Recommended,218820,7776759,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Death_Reaper,A fun romp through side-scrolling shooty action. The game plays very similarly to Metal Slug and games of that nature but with a bit more forgiveness. Gameplay's pretty standard and fun without too much innovation in terms of controls and whatnot but what keeps it interesting is the customizable weapons. You completely customize your loadout with 6 different weapon parts at any given time that have different stats that affect how your character plays. Will you take a handgun with only 2 parts and be super fast and agile but with limited firepower? Will you take a huge minigun with tons of ammo that pierces walls and completely destroys things before it gets on screen with the side-effects of moving slower than a slug in molasses? The entire game revolves around finding loot to craft new weapons and mods that change how you play your character. It works extremely well because of the focus that it has on variety and uniqueness to each weapon. It's not perfectly balanced yet but it's still in development so it's not an issue. An excellent game that really gets the visceral fun of just raining bullets down pat.
,Recommended,218820,9236586,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Nitrofusion,I don't know who wouldn't love this game... It's THAT good.
,Not Recommended,218820,7764572,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,s9,Funny and fully customizable 2D game!If only the damn multiplayer worked -.-
76561198044454113,Recommended,218820,15149548,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Nickzilla,"A retro style platform shooter. Plays like Megaman, Metal Slug, and Monster Hunter combined. Easy to pick up and play, hours of fun."
,Recommended,218820,10248370,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,CAPSERMLG,"ВАМ НРАВИТСЯ METAL SLUG? ДА ДАЖЕ ЕСЛИ ВЫ НЕ ЗНАЕТЕ, ЧТО ТАКОЕ METAL SLUG, ТО ВАМ ВСЁ-РАВНО СТОИТ ПОИГРАТЬ В ЭТО ЧУДО, ВЕДЬ РАЗРАБОТЧИКИ СДЕЛАЛИ ПИКСЕЛЬНЫХ НАЁМНИКОВ И НАЁМНИЦ (С ПИКСЕЛЬНЫМИ СИСЕЧКАМИ). ИГРА МЕНЯ ЧЕМ ТО ЗАЦЕПИЛА И Я ДО СИХ ПОР НЕ МОГУ ПОНЯТЬ ЧЕМ! САМ СЮЖЕТ ПРОСТ: ПОЛУЧИЛ МИССИЮ - ИДИ ВЫПОЛНЯЙ. ДАЖЕ ПО НАЧАЛУ МИССИИ ТЯЖЕЛЕЕ НЕКУДА, НО ЧТО-ТО ТЯНЕТ ТЕБЯ И ГОВОРИТ: -""ИДИ И СДЕЛАЙ ЭТО!!!"". (JUST DO IT SON OF A ♥♥♥♥♥!!). САМ Я НАСЛАДИЛСЯ ЭТИМ ЧУДОМ ЗА 4 ЧАСА, НО ЭТО ПОТОМУ, ЧТО ОДНОМУ ИГРАТЬ СО ВРЕМЕНЕМ НАДОЕДАЕТ, А МОЙ ДРУГ (КОТОРЫЙ ОБЕЩАЛ КУПИТЬ MERCEANRY KINGS СЕБЕ) ПОЧЕМУ-ТО ЕЁ НЕ КУПИЛ (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ВООБЩЕ). НА ЭТОМ ВСЁ, ИГРАТЬ СТОИТ И ПОЭТОМУ ТРАТЬ ДЕНЬГИ И ИГРАЙ."
76561198079106962,Not Recommended,218820,23784419,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Nil_Nickle,"Level design is terrible. The game's initial marketing is a bit misleading. ITS BORING. Look this is a try before you buy . The game looks good and I gave it an honest chance, but dear god is it a slog."
,Recommended,218820,10665654,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,evenyan,Don't sweat it!
,Not Recommended,218820,10729666,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Salt,"Do you like Metal Slug?This game LOOKS kinda similar. It isn't as fun though. The controls aren't as good, and while the custom gun thing is kinda cool, the reloading mechanic is not. Every few seconds the gameplay is broken up by ""RELOADING"", and slows everything down.It's all a bit samey as well."
,Not Recommended,218820,25255196,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Seven,"(+)Pretty sweet art style (all the girls look hot here)Above-average level and character designMusic is pretty catchyLoads of gun parts to smack together to make weird gunsCo-Op (local and online)(-)Grindy as hell (noticeable from the first 5 quests)Weight System doesn't work so well with the pacing of the gameGun Parts feel superficial (there's almost always just one or two best guns to build at any point)Too many repetitive quests that don't mean much beyond more places for you to grind crafting items5/10 not Metal Slug x Borderlands, more like 2D Borderlands with a horrid weight system. Get it on a sale or if you just wanna (play as and) stare at the girls."
,Recommended,218820,12757788,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,TheDrMouse,My gun is a flushing toilet.15/10
76561198033576631,Not Recommended,218820,15332466,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Reya1s,meh
,Recommended,218820,12507661,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,DaJuan Energy McDaniel,"I don't understand all the negative reviews. Are you comparing it too much to Metal Slug? Because it's quite different, and you're going to be disappointed if you think that's what this game is trying to be.It's really quite fun though. The weapon crafting is really cool and will make you want to keep playing. The missions are pretty repetitive, but that's alright, because the combat and feel of the game is up to par. Honestly there isn't much to say; it's a fun, side-scrolling shoot 'em up. Try it out :)"
,Not Recommended,218820,9640690,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,RamesGamesLC,"I was hoping for a lot more out of this game than is actually part of it. The metal slug-LIKE gameplay just insnt enough to carry the game. IT's basically a huge grind, and unbless you want to sink 30+ minutes into some levels, don't bother. Not trying to bash it, just rating it for what it is. A grind. If you're into metal slug-like gameplay and graphics, and bouncy female boobies, than this game is for you!But it's definitely not what I thought it was going to be. Sadly."
76561198055825930,Not Recommended,218820,24169165,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kattlarv,"What cut the game short for me was pretty simple. I thought it would be a very Metal Slug-esque game. But it having contact damage on enemies, so they don't actually have to hit you to do damage pretty much ruined it for me.Granted, I can't recall if it says it tries to be like Metal Slug... but it's how I recall seeing it. So it can be entierly on my side.Can be a silly complaint. I don't mind it on the melee enemies, but it just took me out of it to die by landing on a enemy sniper.If you don't mind that type of gameplay, this game seems to have quite a lot going for it. Controls are pretty okay, and mission options are decent. But yeah, I just totally flopped on the game with the contact damage. Otherwise it seems pretty solid. But it is doing a bit much out of what it needs to. There's a lot to nitpick on, but also a lot to enjoy. But to me, the ""meh"" outweighed the good.""On times like these I wouldn't mind if there was a ""maybe"" option on the recomend box."
76561198046200029,Recommended,218820,12028651,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Joshy,"Mercenary Kings is a run-and-gun platformer with a build-your-own gun system. The build system is really interesting with elemental effects and a bullet type, if you complete a bullet type you can use special ammunition for that weapon. The missions are pretty cool but some missions become somewhat monotonous. There are some challenges in this game as bosses come along and the missions at the end of the game really made me feel like a badass. I have not played multiplayer with anyone in this game but I imagine that it will be lots of fun. Please buy this game because it has a kickass soundtrack and shows gratuitous boob jiggle physics. 9/10"
76561198050345765,Recommended,218820,12765170,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Biz Nastee,"Not only is this old school-styled game made in some fancy high level openGL that my computer cant handle, they've updated it so that the sound doesn't work anymore!this game keeps getting better and better!"
,Recommended,218820,12598572,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Necronomicon,"Its a very fun side scroller with a large focus on its weapon crafting system.  While the beginning of the game and overall pace is a bit slow, the game  becomes very fun after you have created your first weapon.  The fact that you often replay the same environments with different objectives may become very repetitive to some especially given the length of the game.  It can come off as difficult to some depending on their previous background with games of similar fashion but overally the difficulty rises gradually although trading waves of enemies for respawning enemies who patrol their areas."
,Recommended,218820,12194759,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Fargin Noob,"The game has a wonderful charm to it, with superb graphics, sound, and excellent gameplay. It plays something like a roguelike with leveling, and the crafting system lets you continue to upgrade your character throughout the numerous missions. Tribute's done a great job with this in Early Access and the results show in the final product. Definitely check it out."
76561198009092389,Not Recommended,218820,22346607,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Chris,"The only thing good about this game is the art.Boring repetitive game play traversing the same map over and over for multiple missions killing the same enemies that reappear in the same spots. A crafting system that doesn't give much of an opportunity to experiment or preview weapon builds before spending your resources and too many stats to compare, very little incentive to really use different types of weapons or ammunition when caustic bullets pretty much handle everything. Reload mechanic is frustrating and disrupts the flow of the game, game does not pause when your viewing the map leaving you vulnerable to the reappearing enemies that may lurk off screen. Retrieving items from your backpack is slow and also disrupts game play you should really be able to toggle through items with a single button click rather than having to hold down a button then navigating a menu and then select your item, you also have go through your backpack to get the walkie talkie out just to call someone so you can leave a mission so many clicks for such a simple thing.I wanted to like this game but I just couldn't get over the frustrating gameplay mechanics. The comparisons to Metal Slug make no sense this is nothing like Metal Slug not even close, If you wanna play a fast pace action platformer play Metal Slug if you want something slow, repetitive, and grindy play this game."
76561198006261076,Recommended,218820,12748781,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Inspector Wobble,"This game has the artstyle and gameplay of metal slug combined with the mission, gathering and crafting system from monster hunter. If you like either of these games, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,218820,33255653,Posted: 4 July,all,Sunohara,Underrated game.
76561198089835469,Recommended,218820,8282612,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Bombstrap Infinity,its ok
,Recommended,218820,13693534,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,HoChiWaWa,"Awesome art, ridiculous weaponry, badass bosses, and tons of levels across many environments.  Some people are turned off by levels that retread the same environment, but I feel that the varied goals keep them fresh and learning the level layouts helps you learn to strike quickly.  All told its one of my favorite indie games of 2014."
76561197961324577,Not Recommended,218820,22309665,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Keeeet,"I bought it cause I'm a fan of the artist. Look him up. He's great.The game itself is a little too wierdly focused on craftables and revisiting areas to be good multiplayer. The stages are clunky and don't have the same nuances of megaman or metal slug. It's kind of an awkward, stillborn baby who never had a chance in this life."
,Recommended,218820,13072425,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,cloudsora,It's Metal Slug + Monster Hunter in the absolute best way possible.
,Recommended,218820,11855772,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Irila,"This games aesthetic presses the nostalgia button hard, while at the same time offering fun gameplay and a deceptively deep crafting system."
76561198066992495,Recommended,218820,13904422,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,EvilKitty3,"Getting players to play online with is rather challenging, sometimes all are wayting for just one to start a mission while he is afk or a rookie is acsidentelly pulled into a advanced mission beyond his level. It also takes time though to figure out the weapon upgrade system but the game is super fun and addictive once you get the hang of it. Bosses with own patterns are fun and the graphic is pure eyecandy for pixel art fans. The designs are lovable and the story is at most time great, i just dont like Barons faith being done too sketchy. Very well thought and each level gets more challenging. Definitely worth the purchace :D And it got PUPPIES!!!"
,Recommended,218820,8078091,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Jaxematsu,"Addicting fun, nuff said."
,Recommended,218820,11172764,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Fluffy The Destroyer,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHDbMog3QvM&feature=share&list=PLyo_FFh2UlT0eFZ-9zGIET3Thjw0QJ3kUHere is my review on youtube.
76561198035824508,Recommended,218820,13556904,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mermaid Gundam,Mermaid Gundam supports these fine products.
76561198104779678,Recommended,218820,13557547,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,kesatriyadharma,METAL SLUUUUUUGGGGG!!! XD
,Recommended,218820,12009320,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,ElMatts,You love Metal Slug? You gotta try THIS GAME!
,Recommended,218820,13070686,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,CeresBane,It's like monster hunter but with metal slug gameplay.I just put in 70 hours of gameplay into this bad boy and I'm still going.
76561198149409594,Recommended,218820,11941109,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,dhoward2335,this game SUCKS!!!
76561198001787779,Not Recommended,218820,21558313,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Wytch,"Mercenary Kings is a pretty fun game backed by charming pixel art and bigger than life characters. Sadly, the gameplay is lacking a bit, and the levels are basically the same repeated hills and hallways over and over again; due to the somewhat grindy nature of the game, this becomes irrating quite fast. Enemies are also not nearly as varied as they could be."
,Not Recommended,218820,22189859,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Gibli,"I really tried to like this game.Positives-Nice art-Cool characters-customisationNegatives-clunky feeling controls-Maps constantly recycled-every mission just merges-most guns just end feeling the same-melee is overpowered-BoringI can't suggest this to anyone. I really tried to like it, but I just couldn't, it got boring really fast and although the characters were kind of cool, there wasn't enough to keep me in a game for very long."
,Not Recommended,218820,9628441,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,ChunkyBeef,"I purchased this game when it came out because it essentially looked like Metal Slug, and I loved that series of games. Those were fast-paced and interesting. This game, however, is not. When I first started playing, I learned quickly that it had no joypad or mouse support. I can understand having no mouse support since you only fire in four directions. You could always use third party programs to play with a joypad, but joypad support is something that you find in pretty much any game on PC made past 2008 or so. It's probably the game's single largest missed opportunity.And the reason why it's such a huge missed opportunity is because the keyboard is possibly the worst method of playing. The learning curve is enormous on a game that doesn't need the complexity this game has. When you're not struggling with learning the eighty million keyboard shortcuts, you're going to be struggling to learn things like weapon customization. Which, by the way, is almost completely useless. It's a lot of work for little reward. Speaking of rewards, the missions in the game are glorified fetch quests and get tedious very fast.The only saving grace of this game is essentially the online multiplayer. If you can find friends to tolerate the game enough to learn the basics and play with you, it can be fun enough to tolerate for a while.If you love Metal Slug enough to slog your way through the opening hour or two, by all means, purchase the game. Otherwise, wait for a Steam sale that brings the game down to around $5 or so. 'cause, frankly, that's about how much the trouble you'll be getting yourself into is worth.Easily in my top ten games I wish I hadn't supported monetarily."
,Recommended,218820,13709456,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DraycosTFM,"Think of this game as Metal Slug, but MUCH deeper.  It's got a quest system with goals for every mission you do, including secret goals.  You've got an absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of things to buy to upgrade your character.  You've got multiple different parts for your gun to interchange.  Stuff like a barrel, magazine, stock, etc.  You can have anything from a lightning sniper rifle to a fire submachine gun and everything in between, even being able to tweak how many bullets and your overall damage.  You've got a knife that you can also have many different versions of.  Useable items like first-aid kits, grenades, c4 to open some doors.If you're a person who wants to get everything, buckle up.  It's going to take you an awful long time to afford everything.  Every mission is timed, which is a bit annoying at first.  Especially when you haven't had a chance to familiarize yourself with a particular map.  It's probably the biggest drawback to the game if you don't like being rushed.  You'll normally have plenty of time, but some missions don't give you much room to breathe.Luckily, there's co-op to help you through some of the tougher missions.  You and up to 3 other people can join in the fun.  Tons of bosses, tons of quests, tons of guns.  It's how Metal Slug should've been designed in the first place."
,Recommended,218820,13712083,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Happy :),A fun game pick this up for sho!
,Recommended,218820,13713070,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ThePolygonHeart,Metal Slug meets monster hunter with customizable guns
76561198075398151,Recommended,218820,13704737,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,|PPK| RamboBiscuit,This game is great! I love the retro aspect of it! -RamboBiscuit
,Not Recommended,218820,23878176,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Caladan,"Graphics are great. Soundtrack is great. The gameplay looks promising. But the game will crash, and then crash again, and then continue to crash.The controls are terrible if you don't have a controller, the game is difficult in an annoying way. It's just not a good game. I wanted to love it because it looks great, but looks are all it has going for it."
,Recommended,218820,13461886,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,m4rgin4l,"If you like the Metal Slug games, you're goig to adore Mercenary Kings. It's MS gameplay and style with little bit of RPG and resource gathering. It gets a bit repetitive, but it can be quite fun."
,Recommended,218820,13822935,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,GreatBlakes,"Let me start by saying I love the idea of this game. It honestly reminds me of the old Syphon Filter: The Omega Strain where there is a mission objective and players can do their own thing to work together to accomplish it. The downside of this game is that every mission feels exactly the same, and I just got sick of the repetition. It feels like there are only 3 or 4 types of enemies total. More variety would make this excellent."
,Recommended,218820,13858882,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,YFC,"It's kinda like Monster Hunter with the weapon parts, loot/crafting system, mods, and all that jazz. Pretty solid gameplay as well. If you like MH and old school side scrolling shooters, you'll like this game."
76561197972171422,Recommended,218820,13907750,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,DaFiddler,"Mercenary Kings or the revival of a long forgotten genre!To make a long storry short Mercenray Kings is what i expect from a good 2D-Platformer. A good Gameplay, a decent storry and a good Soundtrack (even if it sounds like  16bit).First things first: If you want a High-End 3D-Shoother you´re ABSOLUTELY not looking for this game.BUT: If you enjoy playing 2-D Platformers (like the famous Megaman games or the early Castlevania games on the NES or SNES)  you´ll definitely have a lot of fun with Mercenary Kings.The graphics look a little like the games back in the good old times of the SNES. But thanks since these times have passed its looks are more smooth and less edgy. The designers put a lot of time and thought into creating the levels and models.  8/10The storry itself has no big twists  and unforseen turns but the Characters are designed with a lot of love. 8/10The gameplay is simple and easy to learn (what´s not so surpising since we talk about a Platformer^^)A nice idea that sure keeps you going is the almost infinite gunsmithing possibilities. Every part you equip can change how you move and shoot. It takes about 15-20 hours to beat the game (15 if you rush through the game, 20 if you take care of all the small sidequest that alsmot every mission has). 10/10The soundtrack is as retro as the looks of this game and therefor a perfect match. No fancy orchestral sound, no incredible guitarr riffs but still an enjoyable and throughout the whole game well matched music. 7/10One of the greates features of this game is the co-op mode where up to 4 players can join the fight.It never gets old to play a game like that with your friends ;)Overall Rating, 8.5/10"
,Recommended,218820,9130301,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Skyrim VR,is like megaman but not megaman
,Recommended,218820,9737820,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Lord Wafflez,At first i didn't believe that this game was guuna be fun but after playing it for a few hours i love this game. i find it to be a cross between monster hunter and metal slug.
,Recommended,218820,9631910,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Vaaksiainen,"Pretty damn fun and casual game. The ""make-your-own-gun"" mechanic is working actually really well."
76561197982221433,Recommended,218820,8723180,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Echorion,"5.8/10Pros:-Fun customizing and building your own gun in a contra-eque Maple story world.-Run and gun aspects of old snes games feels nice-Interesting multiplayer and boss battlesCons:-Play the same areas repeatedly because it's hard to clear a mission set-Overly punishing, making any money in game can be hard because of overbearing penalties-Bosses run away after being hit a few times, and you have to track them down in a large map, where everything is trying to kill you in between. (Imagine monster hunter with no monster tracking icon or paintballs)"
76561198143382592,Recommended,218820,14587007,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Pardon My Swag (Albi),God dammm this game is fun and its very very satisfying when you beat a enemy so when you beat a boss the feeling that you get is a feeling you would get if you killed Godzilla with a Pistol with 1 mag8.5/10
76561197964120473,Not Recommended,218820,13763865,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,bigfuzzymonster,It's too much of a grind to be enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,218820,13842871,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Charming_Prism,"So after 8 missions ive noticed that im playing the exact same levels over and over again. Really? no diversity , same enemys. Just different objectives that i have to spend 10 minutes finding on a map that isnt fun because ive played to so much its predictible. Honestly im tired of running around the same map looking for my objective.Also whats up with the weapons, cant i get a warning that i cant attach an assualt rifle clip to a pistol and maintain fire power, especially when it says firepower will increase but when i use it its actually a lot less than without the clip. Thats no fun man. Not much point of customization, you pick what you want wether its assualt rifle, shotgon, pistol ect. Then you pick addons such as crap, mediocre, and what you should buy in the first place but dont have the bloody materials.All in all its not very fun, nice music however it never changes. No voice acting besides grunts and a catch phrase for reloading.Quite terrible."
76561197976996217,Not Recommended,218820,13852825,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Solar Skater,"While the pixel art and the chiptunes are fantastic the gameplay is anything but. Modifying your weapons in tedious and necessary in order to advance, but unless you have other people to play with this game is boring at best and brutal at worst.I especially hate playing the same two levels for every 6 missions. I'm tired of killing the same enemies."
,Not Recommended,218820,13886434,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Rocketcooties,"This game does NOT respect your time, and forces you to endlessly replay the same maps to grind out crafting materials like it's some kind of friggin' MMO. Great graphics, and I want to like this game, but it's just too much of needlessly obtuste timesink."
,Not Recommended,218820,13707883,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,db #SPOOKTOBER2017,"I'd recommend getting this on sale, because paying full price for this game you would feel like you've been ripped off.The missions are boring, its either:Collect 8 pieces of woodORKill 5 snipers.And even after doing the same missions over and over again, you feel as though the game isn't hard enough.Another issue is that there is no difficulty option. You have to start the game easy and than work your way up to the harder missons; but by the time you get to the hard missions, the game just feels easy because you've already got better guns and better armor. So bascially, the game feels the same, throughout; with the exception of some bakground changes.All missions take place during the same map, depending on the ranking in which you choose(i.e. if you choose the first rank, all your missions take place during the jungle; and so on, and so forth). Only differeance is that some missions have a larger map, while other missions don't.Bosses can just leave whenever during the battle, which is annoying; because they move to another part of the map so you might need to backtrack to the start and/or find their new spawn; before the time runs out.The game is trying to be a ""Run-N-Gun"" but contradicts itself by allowing players to create a sniper rifle build. So you just stand where you spawn, pan the camera to the right and take out people from a far, and just free walk. And even than some of the enemies are bullet-sponges, so it takes a couple of shots to even kill them.Also the knife is pointless. It does low damage and you rarely use it, with the exception of an achievement or two. It relfects bullets, but if the enemy is higher or lower than you one by 1 pixel, you'll still get hit. You're better off just shooting and ducking.I wouldn't recommend getting it at full price, but if it's on sale, its a decent shooter, that can be fun to play with others who don't really want to do much."
,Not Recommended,218820,13712760,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Daxxe,Bought it for multi-playerability. MP not working.
,Not Recommended,218820,13721769,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,pl_oy,"Too much farming, too boring and too slow after Broforce and Supertimeforce. Waste of money"
,Recommended,218820,11080318,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Doppleganger1016,"This game is AMAZING!! Tons of fun and tons of guns, and great for co-op!"
,Recommended,218820,17593008,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,metalerodelsol,"It seems odd to me that people didn't get what Mercenary Kings was before it was released. When I watched the gameplay footage, it was very clear that the game features mechanics as Monster Hunter such as collecting materials for crafting (a LOT of it), 3 lives per mission in total (especially important in multiplayer), and timed missions. Unlike Metal Slug, which is a really fast paced 2D game, MK is more tactical, forcing you to think your approach on enemies, or die and respawn at the start point of the mission (kind like Castlevania). This creates tension, and challenge. I don't understand why people complain about not being able to shoot in a diagonal direction, as you couldn't do it in Metal Slug either, but okay.Gameplay variations come in bionic mods, which consist on equipping up to two ability enchaning mods, along with their respective penalties; then, there is the really extensive weapon crafting in both guns and blades. This is pretty much the core mechanic of the game. Gun parts will change your damage, ammo, firing speed, weight, element, bullet compatibility, etc. Properties for knives such as range, speed, element, and others also apply. Craft enough parts of the same weapon type, and you get proficiencies, which work as an additional mod, but with no penalties. If you have played Monster Hunter, Valdis Story or any other game which focuses a lot on defeating enemies to finally get the item you need, it's worth the time, because a new kind of weapon completely changes the way you approach enemies.Mission types go from eleminating enemies in a certain area, to rescue missions, hunting missions, capture missions, material finding, etc. etc. Yes, you may feel that you have to replay maps a lot, but factors such as time, starting points, and even enemies will change as you progress through the game. Backtracking and respawing enemies work in a way that you have to very careful about not wandering mindlessly and be on your toes, as enemies will be there again, but you will encounter them from another angle, making you think twice about how to kill them once again. This also works in your favor for material collecting purposes. The fleeing Boss mechanic, I felt, works as a time and ability challenge. It can work for or against you. The thing about Bosses escaping, is that you can open the map, and you will see the skull icons where the boss actually is, so it's about how fast you can get there and finish the job.Multiplayer is a blast, as you and your friends can tackle the missions from different points. You are not bound all together in the same screen, but can work individually when it comes to finding enemies or items in order to complete the mission. Also, if you pick up a material, all your friends will get it too, so it makes crafting a lot faster. If you hated going against a Boss solo, a multiplayer session will allow you and your friends to completely wreck those Steel Soldiers, Mechanic Hounds and many others. One thing of caution, though. I said that you have 3 lives in total per mission, not per player. So watch out for trigger happy companions, or loners, because if they day very far away from any support, ""Mission Failed"" is a highly likely scenario, so teamwork is never out of the question, and THAT'S the beauty of it. There are adrenaline shots to revive your comrades or yourself in these situations, but mind the inventory limit, as choices must be made, so once again, tactics is the word of the day.There is also the platformer aspect of the game, so be careful about how hard you press the jump button. So, not only will you fight CLAW, but you will find the stages themselves. The reload mechanic is something you must master, as you must always be aware of how much ammo you got left before reloading. By reloading, you will see a black, yellow and green bar above you. If you time well your reloading and hit the green section of the bar, you will get a bonus damage for the amount of bullets your reloaded. If you miss, you'll be unable to shoot for a period of time, defined by the load time of the weapon you're carrying (So you better have a nicely forged knife to compensate). This mechanic adds even more tension to the game, because you won't always be standing still as you watch your reload bar, but you may be in a heated Boss battle, or sorrounded by enemies, so mastering your reload time for every weapon you carry is a must.For the enemy part of the game, there is a nice variety of them. Not to mention that some enemies will level up in a way, and be stronger and change their attack patterns. The same goes for Bosses, and you will encounter some powered-up ones, which likely make your day harder (if you have played Monster Hunter, this if quite familiar). If you get into trouble at missions, you can always rest at the infirmary, which works both as a healing station (kind slow, so watch your times) and a spawn point, so if you die, you will respawn at the last infirmary you entered.As I see it, people who really didn't like this game (and played for about 15 minutes of it), were expecting a super-fast paced shooting game, like metal slug. This is more tactical, as I said, like Castlevania, Metroid, Monster Hunter, etc. You can't be shooting endlessly or moving really fast with a full pleged machine gun in  your arms. Other were expecting things to be really casual and easy, but Mercenary Kings isn't that kind of game. If you can stand a challenge, and master the speed and mechanics of this game, satisfaction is a feeling that will get to you eventually. Also, after end-game, you can keep playing in order craft every weapon part there is, or just try the different kind of bullets and guns, just to see how you fare with them. Are you a revolver or hand-gun kind of person? Maybe shotguns are your thing. Maybe a Sniper Rifle, or a Machine gun. Maybe you like it close and personal, and your knife gets the best out of you. Changing a weapon type is pretty much changing your experiencie in the game, so give it a shot.Design and artstyle-wise, the game is beautiful. If you like pixel art, the character designs are stylish, both friends and enemies. The game plays really smooth, and the map details are very well done. I'm not picky with graphics in videogames, so for me this really easy on the eyes.When it comes to controls, I'm the rare kind of player who prefers the keyboard. The default keys are what I use, and at first they're kind of weird, but using your right hand as a second WASD actually makes sense in this game (at least for me). The thing to watch out for are the roll and the knife controls. If you don't want to trouble yourself with the roll button, you can enable the double-tap option to get that out of your way. Now you deal only with shoot, knife and jump. Of course, there is the reload button and how you handle your inventory, but all it takes is a button configuration or a controller set-up to better suit your needs.Anyway, that's my way of covering how this game does what it does. I can see that it's not for the VERY casual players, or those who expect really fast paced 2D shooters (which I also love), but I wouldn't call it hardcore either. It's about letting Mercenary Kings grow on you if the general idea doesn't fully convince you yet, but I can't blame you if this isn't really the game for you. Just don't go with the ""It's hard because I'm not super powerful"" kind of reviews. This is a game that rewards your intelligence and your ability more than it rewards your farming for materials in order to craft the best equipment.I hope this helps you out in that decisive ""Yes or No"" for this game in particular, and keep on playing."
,Recommended,218820,15816617,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,BarrikGuy12,"Ridiculously good sidescroller shooter.  The comparisons to Metal Slug and Monster Hunter are completely justified.Be warned, there is one huge downside.  If you don't like repetetive games, you probably won't like this game.  If you've played Monster Hunter before, you know what to expect.  If not, here's a summary: You will fight the same enemies in the same levels many times over.  You will know what to expect when you go into each area.  You'll learn each map like the back of your hand.  If you don't mind that -- or better yet, like that -- this game could be really fun.  I would also like to recommend Monster Hunter, but Capcom is stupid and won't put it on PC.  So if you're looking for a game like Monster Hunter, buy from the devs who use their brains.  This game rocks."
76561198084269652,Recommended,218820,10011772,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Spoopy,Mercenary kings has great game feel aswell as strong macanics to really get you hyped-fast gameplay makes you not want to put down your controler-Metal slug with rpg elements if you like 2D shoters this ones for you-4player online play and if you have a couple of spare joysticks you can play on the same pc-great sprit art-good humor-refrences everywhere you look-male and female avitars (gender equality for the win)This game is a total must play for any run and gun fanall and all Id give it a 9.2/10
,Recommended,218820,10948576,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,(/._.\) oh no,"This game is Metal Slug updated. It's smooth like how the MS3 port SHOULD have been and it is so much more fun. Customizeable guns and characters, great art, good design, interesting enemies, replayability, crafting. BUY IT NOOOOOOOOOOOW"
,Not Recommended,218820,18387849,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,King Anger IX,Mercenary Wimps: Suck More Edition
,Not Recommended,218820,9636284,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,=MAD=GeneralMeK,"nice graphicsand sound, interesting oldscool gameplay,but very bad control(need half of keyboard(for platformer?)) on PC game not see usb controler. you can make better control with 3-4 butons or less but not do.only 2 characters? seriosly?recomended game price 7-10 euro. for more popularize and better selling.2/5 (-1 for price -2 for hard control set)"
,Recommended,218820,2635993,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Sham,"This is a fun game with Metal Slug-ish gameplay, D.I.Y. weapon creation, fish-knives, 4-player online/local co-op, a decent soundtrack that sticks to your ears like worms, toilet guns, trombone guns, big guns, little guns, BIG (pixellated) boobs, and lots of references to anything and everything they can think of.The only thing that'd honestly make this game better is if you could play it in smell-o-vision."
,Recommended,218820,5166312,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Spicy Scrappy Loli,"It's the hypest of the hype. The beauty of metal slug,with the sexuality of [enter game here]No one could foresee this! No one but GOD!Shell out the cash,because Merc Kings will get you that♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,218820,9639920,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Ark,Good game but its really hard to find a multi-player game...
,Recommended,218820,9692218,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Shom,"Depends on your perspective for side-scrollers, but this game is best to invest money in because it is still being developed. I feel like it is more rpg-esque with customization as another feature. Gameplay feels solid, but I do hope the difficulty becomes more challenging. Keep it up devs!"
,Not Recommended,218820,16468569,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Pterodactyl Butt,No. Dont.
,Not Recommended,218820,14047060,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,`weltschmerz,"It's like if they took metal slug, and took out all the fast paced fun and creativeness out of it. Not to mention the sprite work doesn't even comecloseto the artistic prowess of metal slug. That, and I can't even get past the first level. Maybe I'm dumb but I went searching high and low for a way to progress and couldn't find it. I'm sure at this point I could look up guides, but the lack-luster gameplay will keep me away from this in the forseeable future."
,Recommended,218820,9987128,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,bsandro,"Gorgeous pixel-art, attention to small details - this game worth every penny I paid for it.And both Logitech F710 and PS3 game controllers works very well, I'm recommending something like that instead of playing on keyboard."
,Not Recommended,218820,15238090,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Eldrytch (Big),THIS GAME EATS MY♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,218820,20218166,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,whoisvolos,"1st level and I got a bug - character can't shot straight down and i have stuck in level (too high to jump up, boxes down can't be shoot and they're block exit). Dear developers, please do not do deadlocked levels. Now enjoy your -"
76561198086624562,Not Recommended,218820,20080574,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Glass Cannon,"Full controller support... if you have an Xbox controller. I really wanted to like this game, and play it. But now I won't. Take my money you f**ks."
76561197999135330,Recommended,218820,22826930,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Waffle,"It's a bit overpriced(9.99 would be better) but ignoring that it is a good game with a fun weapon crafting system as the main part it takes you a long time to figure out what combination suits you, if you want a tommy gun that shoots balls of lightning go for it"
76561198025012341,Recommended,218820,10913176,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Boomon,"Recomended 100%, played this game to comletion and then some, its lots of fun and highly addictive"
76561198108855936,Recommended,218820,11109103,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Cabbage,The AI chickens are the best part of this game
76561198054214794,Recommended,218820,30967631,Posted: 5 April,all,tpe4ever,"This is the sort of game that I would play all over again from the beginning if there was a DLC, an update that changes the gameplay, anything to give me an excuse to play this game again!  It is that good."
,Not Recommended,218820,33307367,Posted: 6 July,all,akositabitabs,"Elements to the game are pretty good, but Broforce is still more fun, IMO."
,Recommended,218820,11093429,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Jawpz,Borrows heavy elements from Monster Hunter. Is this a good idea for a side scrolling shooter? Decide for yourself.I personally like the game and the boss battles alone make it worth it though there's a lack of variety when it comes to the bosses. Maybe there will be a Mercenary Kings G to rectify this issue.
76561198064329728,Not Recommended,218820,22058782,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Noiscin,"This game is SLOW, If you looked at this game and thought it would  be like Metal Slug, prepare to be dissapointed.This game is AMAZing to look at but underneath its pretty lackluster.The jumping is delayed, the controls are wonkyand it seems too much thought went in and it came out a jumbled mess. It's charming but get's boring quickly."
76561197960946186,Not Recommended,218820,9638174,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,RC Cola Man,"Welcome to Metal Slug the job! Were you tired of playing Metal Slug with its good level progression and fun missions? Well look no further with fetch quest and grinding out the wahzoo! I've no clue as to why people find this fun so much as you enjoy going to the same stage, you will also fail most missions the first time on a map since the map system itself is quite horrible. And as for weapon crafting all I truly remember was the pure tedium of crafting said weapon that usually is very unfun to use so instead of having these awesome powerups in Metal Slug which freshened the game up all you are left with is a tedius item screen and one weapon that usually took you hours upon hours of grinding the same stage. At the point of which the game costs it seems you could just play an mmo or something else with your money atleast you can chat with your friends online in that instead of this."
76561198015372920,Recommended,218820,8369389,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,mud_plug,This game has shaking boobies. Shaking boobies everywhere!
76561198000043570,Not Recommended,218820,30514424,Posted: 14 March,all,Terr0r_0f_death,It's very unbalanced and not fun to play honestly.However designed this game should take a peak at other 2d platformer like megaman X to figure out why the mechanis of this game simply does not work.
,Recommended,218820,14701135,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,🎃,Very good gameplay (except the controls) and the wepons are very nice. It would be nice if you counld cange the controls a bit more though :|
,Recommended,218820,8430140,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rusty Door Hinge,DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE
,Recommended,218820,15222371,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,a sack of lubricated hammers,iz gOO 2b a kinnNNn
,Recommended,218820,8655131,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Frougie,when will it be finalized? its nice but a bit hard and needs some adjustments for more casual players that wont spend too much time on it.
,Not Recommended,218820,13036083,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,LustRazor,"As a fan of Metal Slug, I really appreciate the graphics and animation in Mercenary Kings. Unfortunately this game just isn't a whole lot of fun. The homeroom / main menu area is confusing, but I can see the utility in it. However there is a split second delay each time you hit the jump button. This unnatural stutter of the jump throws me off so much, I just can't get into the game. Dissapointing."
76561197974250127,Recommended,218820,13694719,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,doppelganger,Great Job
76561198127410932,Recommended,218820,13678753,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,troubadour,"Looks good, plays better."
76561198071033208,Recommended,218820,13715995,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Deerlobe,Ehhh
76561197979948936,Not Recommended,218820,13586702,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,twitch.tv/T_Shooey,"It felt like they tried to reinvent/modernise metal slug and basically failed. Game is slow paced, and makes you collect items to upgrade your weapons, just feels like they didnt want to clone metal slug and ended up with a below average game in the process.So if you expecting metal slug, dont buy it. If not, its ultimately you decision."
,Recommended,218820,13693756,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Valen,"Don't let the negative reviews fool you. Yes it isn't Metal Slug, but just because it looks like it, it shouldnt play like it. This a Metal Slug style with a Monster Hunter vibe to it. The ability to customize your gun into any shape or form is the drive to this game. Now unless you wanna unlock every gun part, yes it WILL be a grind, but if you know what you want, you'll blaze through this game. By want I mean, you know what kind of gun you'll want to make. Spread patterns are all the same (this aint Counter Strike son), so a gun with 90% Acc will be the same across all fields, is just the ammunition that affects the pattern (Buckshots will not follow the same predetermined path as a Magnum Bullet). The only downfall this game has is there is no seamless map, you'll have to do different missions to go to the different maps. You will be doing the same maps over and over a couple of times, but you will be doing different parts of it to complete objectives. This can be a good or bad thing, as the missions are planned out so you know where to go for the main boss of the area (As bosses can/will run away to different parts of the map, and will need to know how to get there from previous playings). I find this game enjoyable, as others not so much, and for vain reasons.PROS-Customized Weapons-Variety of Parts-4 Player Co-Op (Both Online and Local)[Unknown if it can be mixed]-Great Boss Battles-Rainbow Dog of Doom that craps rockets at you-Large Maps-Shared Items in Co-Op mode (When finding, not crafting)-Tougher Enemies in Co-Op modeCONS-Low Replayablity-2 Characters-Enemy Variety is low (In the beginning)-Farm to Unlock all Parts-Few Maps-You will hate Rainbow Dog of DoomPretty even list of Pros and Cons, but my experience with the game as been fun, and I have been playing Solo. I think the Pros outweigh the Con in my experiences, this not a game for everyone. If you want a Metal Slug game, then buy, its there in the store, just do it. If you want a nice Side-scrolling, Action Platformer, with Customizable Weapons, I would get this."
76561198026363328,Not Recommended,218820,11645770,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,parm3san,Love the artstyle and music but gameplay is just grindy and dull.
,Not Recommended,218820,14584693,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Death on Two Legs /ϡ,"This game tries to ressemble the fabulous Metal Slug, but it fails. The enemies keep spawning whenever their respawn point is moved off screen, controls are sluggish and the whole action is very boring and repetitive. A big disappointment for side-scrolling games fans."
,Not Recommended,218820,16897824,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Katheb,"Visually it looks great!From a gameplay standpoint it is very boring, requires grinding and is more slow paced than anticipated.I wish I could recommend it really, But I can't."
76561198028244196,Recommended,218820,3861540,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,LiquidTHC,Modern Metal Slug with crazy weapon customization. What's not to like?
,Not Recommended,218820,21841459,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,=)EC(= Critical Pwnage,The most fun I had was uninstalling it. 11/10 would scrub from my computer again.
76561198040633402,Recommended,218820,14157717,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sparse Dunes,Monster Hunter with more emphasis on Guns.Great time killer and pick up and play game.
76561197985704187,Not Recommended,218820,9941170,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,"GOOD SPRITING, BUT MESSY OVERALL"
,Recommended,218820,22492789,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Cap'n Kiwi,How come I can't make a magnum with a minigun barrel in The Division?
,Recommended,218820,21436646,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,|VOWS| MrPapageorgio12,why is there no options for online multiplayer co-op?
,Recommended,218820,21732275,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,DONKAGE!,Got this game as soon as it was released on Steam a fair time ago. It has come a long way and I can recommend it now without a doubt. It's a good homage the the Metal Slug style games from times past.
76561198010481401,Recommended,218820,21878706,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,marcussparchs,"This game is amazing on so many levels.  The final product really shows the work that went into it.  If you ever loved Contra, Metal Slug, or Turrican you'll love this game.  The crafting system is great and customizing your weapons and collecting parts never feels like a chore as the action is always fun.  I only wish there were more boss fights, but the great variety of regular enemies provides for an enjoyable challenge nonetheless."
,Not Recommended,218820,10962520,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Fuhgetabaddit,"Can't even get into the game before it crashes. Uninstalled, reinstalled, closed EVERYTHING, worked for a little bit. Went to hit play and it crashed. Relauched it, and it didn't even get past the auto save warning."
,Recommended,218820,9660513,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Robot Maid,"I've played this game for awhile, since Early Access. If you're a fan of games like Contra and Metal Slug, this is the game for you. The 2D run 'n' gun gameplay brings back that old retro feel for gamers such as myself.The game itself is pretty solid with a decent bit of content. The game brings together two of my favourite games and meshes them together surprisingly well. The gameplay of Metal Slug with a gun crafting system that evokes the feeling of Monster Hunter. You even go on missions in a Monster Hunter-ish format. For those who aren't familiar with one or either of the aforementioned games, Mercenary Kings is a 2D side scrolling run 'n' gun adventure where you take on the role of ""King"" or ""Empress"", one of two members of the titular Mercenary Kings, a group of heroic mercs out to stop the dangerous organization CLAW.The graphics, sounds, and gameplay all give that retro feel but retain mechanics not often found in older games. One such system being the crafting system where you can make an almost infinite combination of guns. Want to make a gatling gun that has the range (and possibly accuracy) of a sniper rifle that shoots acidic bullets? You can do just that. The mission difficulty curves rather well and, with over 100 different missions, this is rather impressive.The missions themselves all follow rather basic procedures. Enter the map and fulfill objectives. These range from ""neutralize"" (destroying or capturing a boss target), ""eliminate threat"" (destroy all enemies within a certain area), ""gathering"" (find the specified quantity of a specified item), and more. While the objectives are more or less the same, the game manages to throw a few curve balls with special variants, such as bosses guarding target areas or different permutation of enemies in a given area.While this game is a great play by yourself, it's even more fun if you can play with friends. You and up to three friends can take on the evil CLAW! With this, even more possibilities open up. Do you and your friends split up and take on several objectives at once or do you stick together and back each other up? Will you all bring in LMGs and Shotguns in preparation for a lot of close quarters combat or will one of you pack a sniper and pick things off from a distance?But not all is great for this game. While it's an amazing game either solo or with friends, playing solo does feel a little punishing. When solo, you may have to do some runs almost perfectly and that requires repeating a single mission several times (which can get dull). But with friends, it won't nearly be as bad, Missions like this, however, are few, and a little practice is always good, no?It's definitely worth a look. This game may not be for everyone, but if you like arcade-y games like Metal Slug or Contra, this game is for you."
,Recommended,218820,10781886,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,archaznable,An awesome 2D Platformer run and gun action game with a nice touch of a truely nostalgic feel into it :)
76561197963337404,Not Recommended,218820,9638669,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Mitternacht,"It's not bad, but don't go in expecting anything like Metal Slug or Contra. It's core gameplay is much closer to Megaman."
,Recommended,218820,15879396,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,choosyporch,A fun game that keeps getting better!
,Recommended,218820,5817309,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,x2Madda,"Bosom, bust, chest, front, mammary glands, nipples, teat, udder, mammilla, bust, dug, udder,♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥, jugs, boobie, boobs, knockers.Also has some guns, apparently.Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/grumpyreviews"
,Not Recommended,218820,26346989,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,小鸡呢,"If someone says this is a Metal Slug rip-off, they must be complementing the game, because from what i saw, it's still far from perfect.The crafting system is a big thumb up, but coming with it is a bunch of useless stats ( like weight, reload, elements ... ) which is kind of making this game more like a roguelike platformer with unlimted farming, and the reload mechanic is annoying.The map is big, and mobs are unlimited respawn, which can kill you when you wander around, or slow you down, like a lot, when you missed something in your mission.And also the control is just uncorfortablein short, if you are looking for a fastpace bullethell 2d platformer like Metal Slug, this wont make it.but if you love farming and crafting for many different guns, then this might worth itgameplay : 5/10art : 7/10 ( shout out to Paul Robertson )control : 5/10idea :  7/10"
,Not Recommended,218820,9643436,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,I'm already under attack,Paul Robertson's art is ♥♥♥♥ing great but this game is so boring it gave me dysentery
,Recommended,218820,11091241,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,genoforprez,"I can recommend this game, because I've been having a fairly good time with the basic gameplay... BUT.... a concession to the cautious buyer: the longer you play, the initial fun level begins to diminish as you begin to notice how the game extensively recycles assets and mission types. Mercenary Kings is perfectly content to repeatedly send you off on the same 3 types of fetch quests in one of the same 3 maps, over and over, again and again, for hours.Mercenary Kings is the equivalent of that FPS you play that isn't really outstanding, but also isn't bad, and turns out to be a really great way to just kill a half an hour. It's a game you can hop into quickly, and missions can take anywhere between 5 minutes up to 30 minutes. If you're just looking to kill some time shooting a couple dudes while looking at some great pixel art, then Mercenary Kings fits the bill marvelously.If you're a fan of old school side-scrolling shooters (e.g. Metroid, Contra, Gunstar Heroes, Cave Story), etc, then you're probably going to enjoy this game well enough to make it worth the purchase (especially at a sale price). There is **EVENTUALLY** (very, very eventually) a variety of ammo types, and it can be interesting discovering how different ammo types can have unique effects on certain types of enemies (e.g. when you shoot an enemy hiding behind a riot shield with caustic ammo, the riot shield melts away and changes the enemy's behavior).However, I specifically say AMMO types and not GUN types for good reason. One of the most loudly advertised aspects of the game---and definitely one of the most attractive---is the ability to pick up various ""materials"" dropped by enemies, which you can then sell for money or use at crafting stations to create new parts for your gun or various other perks. The game is very proud of these mildly RPG-esque and clearly Borderlands-derived elements, but the implementation is hit or miss. The ammo types are implemented pretty well. The gun parts... meh.After dumping over 10 hours into the game (and having a fairly good time, mind you), and experimenting with different gun mods, my honest opinion is that the vast majority of craftable gun parts and passive skills are more or less pointless. The game undermines upgrades and customizations in the vast majority of cases by giving an upgrade with one hand while stealing it back with the other.For example, suppose you currently have a clip size of 8 and a damage rating of 150, and you want to upgrade your clip size to fire more shots before stopping to reload. The game might let you upgrade your clip size to 12, but it knocks your damage down to 100 and slows your walking speed. Suppose you decide to skip the clip size upgrade then and just upgrade raw damage? The game might let you boost raw damage to 200, but it will reduce your clip size to 4 shots and slow your walking speed. Or it might alternatively lett you have the 200 raw damage while reducing your magazine size to 7, but the cost is your reload speed is now three times as slow.In short, most of the unlockable weapon parts aren't so much ""upgrades"" as much as they are like sliders that you can use to change CHARACTERISTICS of your weapon, but which don't really IMPROVE your weapon overall.Also, you CAN'T SHOOT DIAGONALLY in this game. Which is annoying, because enemies CAN shoot diagonally, and flying enemies will attack you from a diagonal direction. This is a terrible oversight. It might have been fine if being attacked from a diagonal angle wasn't such a problem, but the game makes you wish for that diagonal aim through enemy behavior suggesting that you should have it, and then for some reason, you don't. When I noticed that, I shook my head and I said hm. Just hm. Tsk tsk. What a shame.That being said, once you get several hours in and get up to about the third rank, you start acquiring weapon parts that make your gun compatible with elemental ammo. Therein lie the REAL upgrades. You can even get up to a point where you can have an elemental version of a specific bullet type. For example, you can create a gun that shoots bullets that are both CAUSTIC and also PIERCING. Caustic bullets burn away at enemies (and sometimes melt away their defenses) while piercing bullets can travel through walls and objects to hit unsuspecting enemies on the other side. Piercing bullets can also travel through several enemies in a line. And, of course, the damage is better. Now THESE are upgrades.In short, the various weapon parts don't add a whole lot outside of letting you use custom ammo. The custom ammo is the real game changer.There are other craft stations not related to weapon crafting, but these also don't offer anything that significantly improves your character or game experience. Some of them are terribly pointless. One of the better examples is the ability to craf better armor, which provides a definite and noticeable boost to the amount of damage you can sustain. The craftable passive skills, on the other hand, aren't particularly interesting. They COULD be, but are implemented poorly. For example, there is a passive skill that brags it can burst your speed, but at the cost of some of your physical defense. Again with the giving with one hand while taking with the other. If the benefits made the trade-off worthwhile, then it might not be so bad, but the ""speed boost"" you receive is so slight that I found myself turning it off and on again to test whether it was actually working. Not exactly the sort of ""speed boost"" I would sacrifice defense for.Some of the crafting options I even find downright ridiculous. For example, you can give a bunch of your materials and some money to the chef who will craft a meal for you, which gives you a perk in the next mission only. But the perks are laughably negligible. Things like a 5% increase to maximum health. Five percent? This kind of thing could just as well not exist and I wouldn't even miss it or notice it was gone.Honestly, I played all the way up through Corporal rank using the STARTING weapon. No mods offer significant enough changes to be worthwhile up until that point. I bought a lot of the upgrades to advance toward some of those skills that unlock with a certain number of purchases, but I didn't equip any of them. Didn't see the point.The game's hugest and most serious problem, however, is recycling. I have played the game for 10 hours and completed nearly 50 missions. All of these missions have taken place in the same 3 levels. I am very sick of the jungle.On the plus side, the boss battles are pretty fun (but also recycled).TLDR: Mercenary Kings  isn't going to win any awards, and it recycles too much, and its weapon customization is mostly talk, but if you just want to spend a few minutes shooting some 2-dimensional dudes while looking at some great pixel art, then Mercenary Kings is a great game to kill time with."
,Recommended,218820,11407354,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,painkillers,now im in love with it
,Not Recommended,218820,10755249,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[ND] Craftmoon,"Mercenary Kings.Yeah, Mercenary achievements too.""Kickstarter ContributorYou pledged $60 or more on Mercenary Kings and made it happen. Thank you!"""
,Not Recommended,218820,15748568,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,ａｌｋｅｙｍｉｓｔ,"I bought this game believing it would be like metal slug, but when i played the first game , i saw all the opposite. This game have a bad history, horrible gameplay & it does not look anything like metal slug. The only good in this game is the Paul Robertson art. This game is so bad."
76561197971502891,Not Recommended,218820,13288083,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,[VI] Painkiller,"this game just sucks, the bosses run are too hard and constantly run away and non avoidable and the timer is a nightmare(5 minutes to kill a boss who just run away when he fells like it), you have to farm so much.Like a bad metal slug but wayyyyy much slower and without any fun in it"
,Recommended,218820,9669637,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,bardparty,pixels
,Recommended,218820,21822653,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,a noogie with a boogie,♥♥♥♥ this games hard
76561198034344558,Not Recommended,218820,13713842,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Bear Face killa,having to reload in a run & gun♥♥♥♥ing dropped
,Recommended,218820,4229617,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Guardian_Angel,It's kinda nice.
76561198039027774,Recommended,218820,9632679,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,skin2yard,"great game, if you like games like contra or metal slug, this is a must buy."
76561198198169958,Recommended,218820,27839141,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheGaminGuy22 [TC],do you like guns? well get this game
,Recommended,218820,27750075,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vodka,Solid Mercenary Royalty.
,Not Recommended,218820,9740783,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,lightbringer,"I bought it expecting awesome Metal Slug action with RPG elementsI got Megaman with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls and ♥♥♥♥♥ier enemies.The guns are boring, the levels are generic, the enemies are the same as every other 2D platfomer, and the missions are MMO-grindfest tier ( gathering missions? Really?)."
76561197975522203,Not Recommended,218820,12758412,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,GlitchToRich,Was very excited to play this game! Turns out that the first mission I got to play bugged the game and shut it down! I figured it was a fluke so I restarted it. I was then able to play through the first mission without any issue. Second mission came and it bugged out and crashed. Seems that before I start any mission it will first crash then make itself available!
,Not Recommended,218820,8288853,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,The Shameless One,"I feel bad for the spriter, he's wasted talent in this slow paced piecemeal mess of a game."
,Recommended,218820,28224523,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,"cAЯLucci, Ace™","looking for co op player for mercenary kings, please let me know i have copy also..Its an awsome game"
,Not Recommended,218820,9872286,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,TooOldForGaming,"This game is toted by its fans as ""2D monster hunter""The problem is monster hunter? 99.999% of that game is fighting large monsters, that only makes up about 4-5% of this game, the rest of it is fetch quests, find 8 of these, rescue 10 hostages, blow up this generator etc etc, very little boss fights take place.A game that's almost the exact same as this, which not only looks/sounds better than this, but plays infinitely better and has about the same upgrade system (Find new parts, buy them, modify all your guns and armor etc) is Shoot Many Robots, and its half the price to boot."
76561198050654158,Not Recommended,218820,13314918,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Biker,"If you are expecting for something like Metal Slug, go buy Metal Slug 3 on Steam, don't waste your time with this"
,Not Recommended,218820,10322634,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,GameLord,Too complicated controls and annoying jumping method degrade this game to the C-class indie.
76561198032588515,Not Recommended,218820,11565280,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,4house,"exspect ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t if you dont have Xbox controlller, no support for other options dont waste your money"
76561198149985383,Recommended,218820,28093426,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Cyanide Spewer,this game gave me an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ within five minutes of playing(and the soundtrack gave me an eargasm)
,Not Recommended,218820,16817403,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lemonade,dead game
76561198054746721,Recommended,218820,30985183,Posted: 6 April,all,imcade,good game. Lliked it lots
,Recommended,218820,20817254,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,I played over 27 hours. this game probably rocks.
,Not Recommended,218820,9087791,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,nickolas.exe,"Bad controls and the camera is too near of the character, save your money and buy Metal Slug 3, i hope in the future the developers fix this things..."
,Not Recommended,218820,18262927,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,QM,I've had the same bug with the game since it first arrived as early access. I still have it. It's unplayable because of it.
,Recommended,218820,13471360,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Alcohol Fueled Brewtality,The most well-animated breast bounce/jiggle in pixel art in any game to date.10/10
,Not Recommended,218820,13704550,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ch1kn L1ckn,Stupid game. TImed missions are ♥♥♥♥ing stupid
,Not Recommended,218820,10947926,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Al Djeafnte,"The game is Monster Hunter, meets Metal Slug, except that grinding ""wyverns"" isn't fun, and you have to grind things that aren't wyverns, plus level design that punishes you for not carrying light weapons (ie, 25% of the weapon loadouts possible)Also, about half way through the game, the missions start moving toward requiring very specific loadouts to even be able to complete them, or sending you back to the beginning of the mission instead of the nearest infirmary.TL;DR  Take all the bad things about Monster Hunter, Megaman, Action Platformers, Customization Systems, and add in 4 player coop and Metal Slug art and you've got this game."
76561198038292947,Not Recommended,218820,9937521,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,SmellyBotLord,Get BroForce instead.
,Not Recommended,218820,29593293,Posted: 30 January,all,heroina,-
76561198054387451,Recommended,218820,33915680,Posted: 30 July,all,Kuolema,"Not sure if you want to buy it or not? Seeking a ""helpful"" review, to make your decision clear?Then you have to search elsewhere, because all I got here is a yummy & healthy juice recipe for your mind and body!Green Goddess Juice----------------------------------------------------PREP TIME: 3 mins YIELD: 12 ouncesINGREDIENTS:------------------------------------------3 stalks of celery1/2 large cucumber, cut into quarters1 medium green apple, cut into eighths1 medium pear, cut into eighthsINSTRUCTIONSJuice all the ingredients following the instructions for normal juicing in your juicer manual. Drink immediately, or let chill for an hour and then enjoy.The game is also good."
,Recommended,218820,595804,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,MeatShake,Awesome game wtf plz buy
,Recommended,218820,12756359,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,jackyaboy,this game is super epix
76561198039117178,Not Recommended,218820,13697692,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Big Daddy Nasty,crashed right off the bat do not buy
,Recommended,218820,14450801,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,roxor,its ok
76561198045460724,Not Recommended,218820,12536363,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Micahtastrophe,"Mercenary Kings. The game that could have been good.Metal Slug meets Monster Hunter, how could that be bad? Easy. The development team is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.The game mechanics are slugish and unresponsive making the game slow and stiff. This becomes an issue durring the many glitched boss fights, fights that are nearly impossibly without a second players help to exploit the boss' patterns.  This is to say, the game is hard. But not hard in a way like Dark Souls or Mario, where it is your fault when you die, but in the most unfair of ways. A good example is a later level where there are falling platforms over spikes and offscreeen enemys fire at you durring your jump arc from one falling platform to another. Your options are get shot and take damage, or fall and take damage.This is my issue with the developers. Between being too lazy to fix old content before adding in things nobody asked for like pizza statues for a tent that serves no purpose and pulling bull♥♥♥♥♥♥like making art and stories for each member of the playable characters team only to tell the players who bought the game excited to play as them that they are all dead in the story and the guy and girl characters are the only ones you can play and you should be happy about it. Oh, but they had enough time and money to make the sprite art for their own personal sprites for a circle jerk achivement at the end of the game.All developer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t aside. Is the game good? No. Any of the Metal Slug games are a better purchace for the same or cheaper price. The only thing this game does new is blend RPG progression with a slow and stiff side scrolling shooter, and it doesn't even do that well."
76561198200601003,Not Recommended,218820,28684606,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Antoniocs,I thought this game would be fun. I was wrong- It is slow paced.- The enemies respawn as soon as I leave the area. So I go to my right and then quickly go back and I am hit by the same enemy I killed a few seconds ago.- I cannot kill the enemies unless I shoot them (something like in metalslug where you could kill an enemy with a knife if he was too close).- The reload takes a long time.- There is no running I have to go at a brisk pace all the time. (except when I roll)It's just not a fun game.
76561198183897701,Not Recommended,218820,29437702,Posted: 22 January,all,pickleiolus cage,sadly i disliked this game although it looked beautful with rater good misic i just couldnt get my head around the controls and it was kinda wonky so ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKUROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU ROKU
,Recommended,218820,12660318,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Umbras Memoria,All i can say is it's totally worth it.
76561198000318945,Not Recommended,218820,10473755,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Trrcn,Pros-Lots of jumping and shootingSmooth gamplayCons-LOOK AT ME I'M SO ATARI GENERATION INDIE WOOOGrinding for materials to build weaponsMissions send you to the the same map over and over and over and over with 1 or 2 elements changed per runAwful soundtrackTries to be funny but ends up embarassing itself in the endDon't buy unless you like to laugh at fecal matter going down the toilet ERMUHGURD IT SPINS LAWLZ
76561197983918013,Not Recommended,218820,13490151,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,CHILLI DOG,This just isn't fun.
76561198000418088,Not Recommended,218820,12890915,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Szputnyik,I dont know what i expected
,Not Recommended,218820,7989890,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Jean Paul,Still a bad game don't buy it.
,Recommended,218820,10295744,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,DOLPHIN,"Has gameplay similar to Metal Slug and quests and crafting like Borderlands. One thing that I hate is enemies respawn as soon as the screen moves, making ""kill x snipers"" missions♥♥♥♥♥♥easy, and maneuvering around the level a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,218820,10227017,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,TotalTortilla,You can have a trombone that fires shotgun shells that electrocute enemies.10/10
,Recommended,218820,9871689,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Zagran,That what you get when you combine Monster Hunter and Metal Slug !
,Recommended,218820,10210155,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Zhelir,"Metal Slug with far more content, crafting, online and couch co-op, and a whole host of other things.If you need more than that, you should probably be focused on exacting vengeance on whatever individual destroyed your soul."
76561198065387060,Recommended,218820,9787532,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,eldanar,"This game will steal your time and suck you in! No really.At first I was quite sceptic about the idea of playing a retro game, a few let's plays later I shelled out the money for the beta version of the game. Now that it is complete I can safely say that the money I've spent on this game was worth it (and I still haven't finished it). I haven't played Metal Slug, but who cares about that game anyway? Mercenary Kings is a deceptively simple run and gun game, until you realize that you will have the most fun grinding levels just to get that one last ingridient for the dream gun. You will laugh your pants off when you notice all the subtle or obvious nods to modern action cinema (one of the knives is called Trejo and it isn't a Machete, the Machete references a Federale Cortez).If you are interested in the story, MK has one and it is as over the top as the rest of the game, especially if you wait long enough to see the intro (look out for the IV drip).If you are still reading this you should stop, buy the game and play it. CLAW won't stop itself you know...TL;DR Version - Fun, Good Value for the Money, Long and Hard enough to be worth it."
,Recommended,218820,9788678,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,RebelMime,"Not very far into thoe game yet, it seems like the illegitimate child of Monster Hunter (Grinding for materials from enemies), Megaman (In the platforming, and some enemy movements) with a metal slug coating.  I really didn't like it at first, but once I started upgrading my weapons, the enjoyment increased~"
76561198026214145,Recommended,218820,9774775,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Shades_For_Sha3es,"... I would have to say that this brings back some fond memorys of the old video arcade days. Where I would play games like this for hours. However, where it gets better is that this game takes those old arcade games and expands upon them in such a way that it is great. From the customizable and craftable weapons to the entire feel of the game."
,Recommended,218820,9775011,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Warskull,"A solid 2D action game.  Some may describe it as a run and gun, but it has a much more deliberate pace.  While the learning curve may initially be a bit steep, the game provides a moderate challenge all the way through.  Rush or play carelessly and you will be punished.  The game expects you to learn the patterns of your enemies.  Positioning and purposeful movement are key.  The controls are crisp, but a controller would be highly recommended in this case.  I played using a Wii U Pro controller.It is broken up into short missions which can usually be completed in 5-10 minutes each.  These missions are on a timer, but for the most part these timers are very generous.  However, if you are the kind of player who cannot stand having time limits you may want to avoid this game.  The missions come in a number of varieties.  Collect materials, kill a boss, clear out the enemies, or reach a destination.The art is incredibly well done, the entire game looks great.  The sound track can be quite catchy too.  The presentation is superb in every way.The gun crafting system is can be quite entertaining for those who like to tinker.  While initially the options are limited after completing a few ranks you can start mising and matching.  Machine guns that shoot bouncy balls, fire based shotguns, and electric homing missile machine guns are all possible.  You can find a weapon to suit your style.  While Shotguns and Sniper Rifles are a bit dominate in the early game as you progress pretty much everything becomes viable.If you are willing to put in a little effort to learn the game it will be a solid experience.  However, you need to be ready for a game that can be a bit challenging and does not hold your hand."
76561197981929135,Recommended,218820,9811909,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,RedSnowMan,"A solid platform shooter that implements varying game mechanics; like the active reload from GoW. Has beautiful graphics, good music, and fairly consistent gameplay. Has a good bit of farming and fetch quests, but the rewards are worth the time invested."
,Recommended,218820,9814777,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,CrescentArcher,"This is a great game. RPG, TPS, Borderlandish style, and addicting."
,Recommended,218820,9828838,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,tenmachi,"I'm going to try very hard to avoid saying ""this is like X meets Y"" because those types of comparisons kind of annoy me.  With that in mind, here goes:This game is side-scrolling run-and-gun at its very finest.  Tight controls meet challenging level design and enemies that aren't (always) simply mooks that charge at you full speed.  There's a very interesting crafting system that allows you to mix and match weapon components (receiver, magazine, etc.) to make a gun to suit your desired method of mayhem.  This same system also has in place ""implants"" which confer bonuses (and disadvantages too!)My favorite part of the game, however, is that it takes item weight into account.  Weapon parts, implants, consumables you carry to battle,everythinghas weight and weight affects your movement speed.  This creates an interesting strategic balance: do you bring the massive crush-everything loadout, sacrificing speed in the quest for power?  Do you streamline to what you think you need and nothing else, trusting in agility and a quick trigger finger to win through?  Or is your path to victory somewhere in the middle?  This game doesn't judge, instead setting the options before you and letting you decide how best to assault its varying missions.And oh, the missions!  Not content with simple ""run to the right and kill it if it moves"" gameplay, the game will present you with sections of a whole area that will become familiar over time, but ask different things of you each visit.  Sometimes you'll be gathering items, other times it's search and destroy, still others your task is to seek out and rescue a captive (or more than one!)  The variety of tasks you take on keeps the game from feeling repetitive, instead rewarding thorough exploration and familiarization with each map with secret passages and hidden treasures, not to mention helping to get quick times if (when) you go for speed-runs.TL;DR = This game is a lot of awesome.  If you like run-and-gun sidescrollers and you like customization, it's amazing."
76561198035811586,Recommended,218820,4347699,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,iKeel,"If you like Metal Slug, then you will like this one"
,Recommended,218820,9831362,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,JonFan (Aki),Metal Slug mixed with Borderlands. What more can you ask for? Very addicting and very fun! 4 player Co-op makes this game even better!
,Recommended,218820,9647935,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Snowdrama,"Mercenary Kings is a Jump-n-Shoot game that is as incredibly fun and frustratingly hard as you expect a game that harkens back to the original Megaman games. The platforming is good, the shooting is fun, and the art is awesome looking.Overall 8/10If platforming shooters are your thing, this is perfect for you."
,Recommended,218820,9648996,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Eonart,You can't knife up or down.also this would appeal more to Monster Hunter fans than anything
,Recommended,218820,9649076,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,adolf hitler PHD. boy genius,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!sereously fun! its got a super oldschool feel but with lots of new concepts.sereously could use a dlc in the future though cuz fun as this game is, the story doesent last that long (though thats probably just my standards from playing so much skyrim XP ) in my personal oppinion it could use a dlc where you could maybe play or unlock the other charicters that die in that first menu cutscene? but pointless ramblings of mine aside,my oppinion in a nut shell- GREAT GAME, BUY IT, GIVE THEM YOUR MUUUUNNNEEEEEEEEEEEZ"
,Recommended,218820,9508703,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,A Sad Man,"Like an updated Metal Slug, in the best possible ways. There is a RIDICULOUS amount of customization available, and I'm pretty sure I haven't seen all there is to see quite yet. Greatly enjoyed my first 8 hours, and I'm looking forward to playing many more."
,Recommended,218820,9634893,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Silvertryo,It's a lot of gun
76561197993257712,Recommended,218820,9636803,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,ZTF,"Think of this game as a bold blend of Metal Slug, Borderlands, and Monster Hunter, violently puréed and seasoned with an awesome aesthetic courtesy of the classic soundtrack and Paul Robertson's insane art. One of my favorite games to come out in a while."
,Recommended,218820,9638063,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Berzerk,"Tons of crafting, fun shooting, and all sorts of variety in the game. It's super good and lots of fun."
76561198078376537,Recommended,218820,10955564,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SumoXL,if you like all things Metal Slug and 4 player action this is the game for you.
76561197989607632,Recommended,218820,10960659,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Grimthwacker,"Metal Slug meets Borderlands meets Monster Hunter?  It's an odd mix of stuff to be sure, but it's damn fun in its simple retro-y goodness, especially in co-op!"
,Recommended,218820,11061680,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Kareltherobot,Think Metal Slug but with missions and crafting. I found it addictive enough to keep playing.
,Recommended,218820,11062046,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,The Entire State of New Jersey,"Originally I thought this game was going to be like Metal Slug. It has the animation styling of Metal Slug sure but this is more along the lines of Contra/Castlevania. Platforming requires skill and forethought. The influences of Monster Hunter and Borderlands are evident. The crafting system being the basis of this game and the Borderlands influence being the weapons themselves and their parts.I will warn people now, this game is not for everyone. There's a patience to it, the run and gun occuring very rarely. It stands up more as a co-op shooter with everyone in their mother having ridiculous guns that shoot fire and cause people to explode all over the floor. This is late into the game though. It breaks down to first finding a style of gun that suits how you want to play, followed by working your way through it.The questing system is exactly like Monster Hunter. Fetch Quests are plentiful but the farther in you get the more the game begins to open up and you start having to clear whole sections of the map. The time element only comes into play very early as they get more generous as the game continues and more so as the maps get wider. You spend time on every map and you begin to learn the different nooks and crannys of those maps as you go.Overall I recommend this game if you enjoy crafting, hard side-scrolling games and maybe a bit of animation. It has a story that's flat and a little eh but it does move along. Gameplay seems monotonous but that's mostly based on watching, playing, the hours tend to fly by. Its usually best to play this in shortish bursts as long stretches will become exhaustive I've found."
,Recommended,218820,11063382,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Stardust IndyX,"Something akin to the classic Metal Slug series; Mercenary Kings is a run and gunning arcade game with a mix of RPG and strategy mixed in. You can make weapons and carry items but every decision you make affects gameplay. You may add a stock for stability but it's weight may make moving around abit harder. You can change your barrel to add more power but your reload speed may get slower. If you enjoy games like Borderlands 2 or Metal Slug, you'll like this"
,Recommended,218820,11072604,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,robrandid,"This game is pretty fun single player, but it really shines when you have friends who are equally adept at jump-n-shooters. There's a lot of good progression and unlockables, and later missions are a formidable enough challenge to keep you interested for quite some time. I had hard time getting into it at first, but after a number of hours of gameplay, I don't want to put it down."
76561198023356825,Recommended,218820,11079673,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Mattmanhu,This♥♥♥♥♥♥slaps.
,Recommended,218820,10943945,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Big Boss [Moved] Whitefang Kiba,"Take Metal Slug Gameplay and Style, Gears of War's Reloading Mechanic, 80's Video Game plots, a tab of Monster Hunter Crafting System and Quest System.  And Pretty much you get Mercenary KingsPut simply this game is a ton of fun and you should play it if you love platformer shooters like Metal Slug and Jazz Jackrabbit"
76561198000972587,Recommended,218820,10963134,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[FXS] The Dudeslayer,A bloody hell of a lot of fun.
76561198122211125,Recommended,218820,10965651,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,tomat_toast,awesome game with great features
76561198017436074,Recommended,218820,10968438,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,octorok8,"It's repetitive and somewhat sluggish, but very charming.If you're like me and you're always looking for a game to match the Monster Hunter formula of fighting enemies, taking their parts and using said parts to craft better weapons with which to more easily fight enemies, then you'll enjoy this game, because it has that exact formula. The equipment crafting here is just as deep and addicting as in Capcom's epic fantasy franchise. It's just thrown into a Metal Slug-shaped package.I have yet to play with friends but I have to imagine it's ♥♥♥♥ing fun.Overall, if you love Monster Hunter, give Mercenary Kings a shot. I don't think you'll regret it."
76561197970908031,Recommended,218820,11265185,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Svati,"Play if you like metal slug. Also, there,s actually a map, use it. Needs more playable character.."
76561198042643953,Recommended,218820,10973540,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Pyro Squirrel,"Great Gameplay, Great customization, Great level designGreat game overall and I'm sure it's even better in co-op!"
,Not Recommended,218820,21685711,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,IgnobleScarlet,ระบบทำมาเกือบดีครับแต่ซ้ำซากจำเจที่ภารกิจแมพเดินได้หลายทางชวนงง บางทีหาจุดหมายภารกิจไม่เจอระบบประกอบปืนเจ๋ง แต่สุดท้ายแล้วเราก็ผระกอบตามsetของมัน
76561198021909828,Recommended,218820,3389913,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,lessthancaring,"Mercenary Kings is a 2D shooter with lots of gun customization and plenty of levels.  missions are broke into ranks and every time you complete the boss mission you rank up giving you access to new missions, gun parts and abilities.  There are many ranks and this game has a lot of replay value for the completionists out there.  If you are a fan of 2D shooters similar to contra or Metal Slug this is the game for you."
,Recommended,218820,21073462,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,Yea this game got some things right.
76561198031167874,Recommended,218820,20932676,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,michaelolth,Awesome game!
76561198040644163,Recommended,218820,19819770,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Urn Sudden,"Despite the delicious pixel-art graphics, this game is far from your typical retro game's ""feel""A healthy chunk of the game IS memorizing boss movement and reflexively dodging bullets a-la metal slug, but you'll be spending more of your time grinding old missions to up gather materials to up your dps (among countless other variables depending on the goal of each particular mission and your preferred playstyle) and customize your loadout.It can get INCREDIBLY frustrating at times, and it's one hell of a time sink, but if you're into the feeling you get after FINALLY progressing after long monotonous material grinds, and you're a completionist, this game is probably for you."
,Not Recommended,218820,19877547,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,yuki,"You'll have to do countless missions in the same map before being able to move to the next one, and the evolution of the character is extremely slow. This is even more repetitive than a normal shoot them up would be like. Don't let the metal slug appearance fool you like I did, this game is WAY more boring and slow paced."
,Recommended,218820,19949694,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Kyomu,"I saw this game a while back, and I finally got the chance to get it, and I wish I had earlier. It has everything you need. Local or online co-op, weapon customization, huge expansive levels with lots of enemy types, a retro inspired look and feel, with a nice difficulty curve to make it interesting, but not too challenging. Not to mention the story and humor is top notch. Worth getting, especially with friends."
,Recommended,218820,9766082,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Silva,"Mercenary Kings is a pretty weird game in how it mixes the old and new in game design. Side-scrolling 2D shoot-em-up? Check. Gorgeous, elaborate pixel art? Check. Elaborate gun crafting systtem? Uh, check. Active reloads? Check. It's an odd combination, certainly, but it mostly manages to work. The actual issues with the game are more of the ""mileage may vary"" sort. If you actually care about unique mission structure, this isn't the game for you. Each mission follows one of maybe ten basic types, the differences between individual missions of a type being more based in mad libs requirements than anything more substantial. Swapping out one enemy set or materials checklist for another. For me personally, I don't mind.That's because the joy of the game isn't in accomplishing the objectives, but kicking♥♥♥♥♥much♥♥♥♥♥as possible with a customized loadout that grows increasingly ridiculous as you unlock new parts. Completing the missions is only a means to an end. That being said, it is a repetitive game at the best of times. It just manages to be repetitive in a way I enjoy, Your tolerance may be substantially lower. Keep that in mind before you decide whether to make the leap."
,Recommended,218820,9766290,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Zeke,♥♥♥♥♥s diggity
,Recommended,218820,9778544,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Jaiko,"Normally I don't rate games unless they really REALLY stand out as amazing, and this one does. I can't say enough good things about this game! It's my favorite side-scroller game EVER! I looove the art style. The amount of weapons you can craft in the game are quite numerous! And the amount of levels in the game just provide for seemingly endless fun <3 I really hope the makers of this game either add more content, or make a sequel because I just can't get enough!"
76561197991155047,Recommended,218820,9800637,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Cally,"Really fun game! I found myself actually wanting to play it!Apparently it's a lot like Monster Hunter? I don't know. I've never played Monster Hunter. The look and theme is very Metal Slug, but it doesn't play like Metal Slug at all. This does not make it bad, it just makes it a different genre.Positives:1. Wonderful pixel art in all its pixelated glory. Seriously I'm not even kidding. The artwork is absolutely beautiful and completely functional. You can tell every different enemy or friendly apart instantly.2. Tons of customization! You can customize your gun, knives, inventory, etc. to a great degree, allowing lots of potential.3. Perfect learning curve. The game gives you a little taste of customization when you start out that gradually gets deeper and more indepth so the player doesn't feel overwhelmed at first.4. Not a short game. There are lots of stages that give you variety.5. The story is tight and focused. You're a soldier in an army trying to beat some terrorist because he's a jerk. There are a lot of amusing NPCs who are your back-up team. It's stylized a little like Metal Gear Solid (there are 'codec'-like conversations), but it's not crazy-complicated. You can fully ignore it if you want.Negatives:1. It's a resource-gathering game. The core game mechanic is killing an enemy then picking up whatever junk is left behind, then doing this a thousand more times. Can't ignore it or you'll never get the better guns. Ho-hum.Nitpicks:1. For each mission, you have a primary objective, a secondary objective, then a secret objective that the game doesn't tell you about. When you complete the primary objective, the mission ends and forcefully brings you back to the base, even if you want to spend time on the other objectives. It'd be nice if you could, say, complete the primary objective and then choose when you want to end the mission (or just wait for the timer).Overall a very solid game. Recommended."
,Recommended,218820,10114088,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,hoggle,If there was ever a game that's well worth its price tag its mercenary kings. It has a great story that compliments an immersive gameplay experience. whether its spending hours attaining the best gun setup or persuing genuinely fun achievements this game is bang on. best played co-op. enjoy.
,Recommended,218820,10171633,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Ares,"Mercenary Kings is one of those games where it fits oh so perfectly in what I was searching for. A fun crafting system where you can build gun parts and mix and match to find your preferred set up, 2d platforming shootemup where you shoot all the enemies on screen, throwing in a few hostage and capture missions for variety, and fun to look at graphics that keep me enticed. The story is nothing special, but not boring either. It's there if you want it but I prefer to start the mission and find out what to blow up. A great buy for 20$, can't go wrong."
76561198042258233,Recommended,218820,10178678,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,jcjeppesen,"I bought this game during the summer before the official release and I loved every minute of it. Contrary to the reviews on popular sites as of late, I found this game to have super tight controls, and areas that only get boring when the gameplay stops being fun (I don't see that happening). If you played the scott pilgrim game on consoles, you probably recognize the game for its' colorful fast paced action with well paced humorous sprite animations. This game is full of that vibrant action, as well as some rpg elements and looting to keep every interested. I seriously cannot hype it enough."
76561198093938864,Recommended,218820,10179012,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Quagmere,"Really nice old school Metal Slug-esque game with an exploratory element to it.  It's a nice shoot 'em up, but I'd recommend it playing it with friends as opposed to yourself.  The missions get repetitive quickly, the enemies aren't super varied, and like others have mentioned before, the controls are a bit....wonky to say the least.  Took me a while in any case.  One of the best parts of the game is the customizability of the weapons.  You've got toilet-shaped guns, sword fish to stab people with...it can get pretty interesting."
76561197993333398,Recommended,218820,1447790,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,RedundantVagabond,Getting to play split-screen co-op again is fantastic!
,Not Recommended,218820,10098186,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,bitjammer,Too many technical problems with this game os OS X and Windows.
,Recommended,218820,8434015,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MisterMiracle,"Fantastically fun, delightfully addictive, visually charming, reasonably challenging, compellingly deep. The gameplay is very reminiscent of side scrolling action games like Metal Slug, but with material drops on enemy kills and in chests, etc. Rather than build levels in the traditional sense, your ranking and what missions you have completed determine what missions are available,  what areas are available, and what weapon parts become available as progress is made; Therein lies the sense of progression and accomplishment. You’ll find yourself repeating missions to farm certain materials, but the grind never really feels repetitive.Building new gun parts and outfitting the new crafted weapons with new ammunition is always fun. The build your own weapon mechanic is surprisingly deep as there is no one right way to build. Same goes for crafting the knife weapons, though they are a little more straightfoward. Fun all around, no complaints, would recommend."
76561198043771293,Recommended,218820,8466430,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Simm,"Fun at first, slow on second, unimpresive customizations on third.  All joking aside this is a good action platformer, but it's RPG elements are a little lacking, these same RPG elements slow the game down, and were at time very confusing, before I stopped playing, there was one element of the customization that left me scratchinng my head and that was the ammo capacity of my guns affecting the damage each shot does.  On reflection, I would rather play Contra or Metal Slug over this game as it stands."
,Recommended,218820,9660819,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Fumin268,"This game filled a void I needed. I was hungry for a fun platformer. This has a cool story, fun characters, enjoyable game mechanics, and unique customization. I would highly recommend this for any Platform lover. Just an absolutely incredible game."
76561197995293815,Recommended,218820,1606267,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Shred,This is by far the most quickly I've become addicted to any game. I remember playing DUKE NUKEM and DK 2 in MS DOS. This is a tribute to that genre with the joy of modern RPG mechanics. Still some bugs but it is still in Beta. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
76561198098414622,Recommended,218820,9665401,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,dandr0id,"This is an absolutely amazing game! invited my buddy over and we played till 5 am. If you're a fan of Metal Slug and Contra, You need to buy this game right now. The weapon crafting system will keep you busy for hours with so many choices. This game was well worth the wait, 10 thumbs up."
76561197980264240,Recommended,218820,9666356,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,LightUrple,Buy this game right nawwww..........Iwill say no more
,Recommended,218820,9695261,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Gouraijer,really nice game
,Recommended,218820,9696722,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Desert Rose,borderlands ♥♥♥♥ed metal slug and had a glorious baby named mercenary kings. im completely in love with this game its hillarious its fun its fast paced its got great controls and its just an allround great platformer shooter. basically think metal slug but just borderlandsy with the guns. for instance wouldnt you love to have a rapid fire WWII luger with a scope and a banana magazine from an AK stuck to it? SURE YA DO! get it seriously this game is just amazing xD
76561198015391649,Recommended,218820,9697873,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,TangoFuzz,"By far one of the best purchases in recent times. Feels and plays like, what I imagine a modern Metal Slug to be. Huge weapon customization as you progress through the storyline. One minute i'm using a tried and true machine gun design, next minute i'm blasting my enemies away with a toliet shotgun. Only real gripe is the standard control setup which is aqwardly mashed together on your keyboard, though once I remapped the keys from the main menu I could more easily blast away the adorable puppy dog tank boss.9/10 Do Recommend"
,Recommended,218820,9698426,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Spook,"Very fun game. The crafting system keeps things fresh and really sets it apart from a lot of other run n' gun games out there. The sprite work is absolutely lovely and the music is very nice as well. Worth I'd say, especially if you have a group of friends to play it with."
76561198080537340,Recommended,218820,9835859,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,stowrag,It's Monster Hunter x Contra with fantastic sprite art by one of my favorite artists
76561197990672230,Recommended,218820,9568015,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,NineByNine,"Okay look here's the thing, it's got sprites by Paul Robertson, the same guy who did Pirate Baby's Street Fight Cabana Battle 2006, Kings of Power 4 Billion and a half %, and the sprites and animations for the Scott Pilgrim game. So you already know it's got awesome sprite works and animations.Now take into account it's heavily inspired by Metal Slug, and then add in a bunch of exploratative and RPG style elements, weapon customisability (literally building guns by sticking random parts together), various crafting systems for new weapons) and missions which go beyond just 'go from A to B and kill everything in between oh and don't die'.Now imagine you can get that game on Steam and it's amazing.Well it's all true and it is amazing and why aren't you buying it now."
,Recommended,218820,9195095,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Zaxle,mmf...
,Recommended,218820,9183396,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,di1lweed1212,Amazing!
,Recommended,218820,3611417,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,SenatorSexy,"I remember this one time, back in high school, I was walking down the hall between periods and I got this massive boner. My next class was with this hot biology teacher. I'm talking nice gazong zongs and an even more impressive booty. Well, I decide to book it to class as fast as possible so I can sit down and hide my hard-on. I round the corner to the class room real fast, to fast to notice said hot teacher bending over picking up some papers she had dropped near the door. What transpired next was the single most memorable one pump dry hump of my life as my boner collided with her pertruding booty. This is a good game!"
,Recommended,218820,9284504,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,BossCharlie,This just makes me happy
76561197985509635,Recommended,218820,1057034,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Marshmallow Taro,"Get it, Play it, Enjoy it! Lots of fun!"
,Recommended,218820,9196138,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Dad Rock,pixelated♥♥♥♥♥♥that jiggle.cant ask for much more out of a game
,Recommended,218820,8836017,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Death Professor,"Simple stupid fun, this is a game I keep coming back to!"
,Recommended,218820,9134289,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,PudgePaw ∴,"This is Metal Slug shooting meets Risk of Rain level-crawling with a hearty helping of Loadout-style weapon crafting. Slightly difficult to get used to the controls at first, as the character takes a brief second to jump, and you only have 4 directions you can aim. The levels feel a little repetitive, as the levels have multipule missions within a single area to complete, ranging from killing certain amounts of specific enemies, to collecting crafting materials, or simply talking to an NPC on the map. Some minor annoyances are enemies respawning the moment they leave the screen, and the limited aiming range, but for a side-scrolling shooter with up to 4-player multiplayer capabilities, there's quite alot to offer."
76561198049212551,Not Recommended,218820,8776638,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,The Tick,"Can't currently recommend this game.  Way too many flaws, but the first few (oh so generic) missions are very poorly timed, in my opinion.  The core game play should and could be better with some tweaks, such as giving 8 direction shooting and holding a button down to stand still and shoot.  I bought it early on a recommendation from a friend, but this is certainly no Metal Slug.  Not even close.  Perhaps the final build of the game will correct some glaring flaws, otherwise it was NOT $15 well spent."
,Recommended,218820,8786590,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Takoja,"I bought this game in Early Access and quickly played through all the available missions. At one point I was disappointed at the lack of new weapons as the game progressed but when I checked back again even that problem was solved with an update, the weapon count had probably doubled. So I made myself a couple of Magnum-shotguns (not making this up!), a pistol that would shoot armor-piercing shrapnel once the ammo was possible to obtain (It needs a material that doesn't drop yet, Quality Steel or something) and Anti-Materiel rounds that have yet to see a weapon that can fire them. Can't wait for the full game, I'll probably 100% it.TotalBiscuit described this game as ""Metal Slug meets Monster Hunter"" and I agree. The Monster Hunter part comes from all the crafting. Biomods, melee weapons, guns, ornaments... everything apart from your supplies has to be crafted from materials that drop from enemies and crates scattered across different missions and especially with some materials you WILL have to farm them. (Like those surprisingly special ""regular pins"".) The magnum shotguns I mentioned before required parts that only drop from big story bosses. Speaking of bosses, they are as classic as they get. Very punishing if you don't know what you're doing (the first time always hurts) but once you have their patterns down with some good reflexes it's as easy as breathing.The keyboard bindings need some work but luckily you can bind any key to whatever you want. I recommend using a controller, though."
,Recommended,218820,8780328,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Bing Search Engine,"Real easy game just make guns good, you can10;10"
76561198029152484,Recommended,218820,11100434,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,WhiteKitsu,"This game is like a Metal Slug Platformer with a Health bar and lives. I love it!The Sprites are done by the most awesome guy, Paul Robertson who also did the Scott Pilgrim vs the world sprites.The Music sounds very 16-bit mixed with modern Instrments, I could be wrong!The Bad guys are all creative and have a different ways to try and kill you!I haven't played the online mode, but I'm sure it's fun!The downside I have the is the boss units stay while in certain area and dissapear as soon as you get there It's Annoying!But overall I give this Game a 9.5/10 Grab some friends and kill some people! This game is AWESOME we need games like this!"
,Recommended,218820,11105354,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Patsiecki,"Boiling it down to ""Metal Slug meets Borderlands"" is a pretty good way to sum it up, though not perfect: while equipment (namely, gun) choices can have an insane level of variety and custimation, there's no random generation involved like borderlands. Each gun part has specific stats, the parts needed to craft them consistently drop from certain foes or items boxes in a given mission. The only RNG involved is hoping a monster will drop the material you need from the 2-4 predefined drops in their loot pool.All in all, Mercenary Kings takes old school, tough side-scrolling shooters of the past (think metal slug, contra) and blends it with more modern RPG customization elements. Gear selection in a sidescroller isn't all that new, just look all the way back to river city ransom, but the incredible level of customization you can access to make cool guns definitely gives it a modern touch and adds a lot of depth. Add an enjoyable semi-retro 2D sprite art-style, a fun story/setting that doesn't take itself too seriously, and last but not least, local and online co-op,  and you have a well-rounded game with a lot of replay value."
76561198080924651,Recommended,218820,8573486,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,kristoffon,"Very good game, despite being early-access it's very good quality only has a few glitches that should be quite easy to fix and don't hamper gameplay."
76561198004019237,Recommended,218820,8392903,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,jmanniefresh,pretty fun when people are on
,Recommended,218820,9652800,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,luxatile,"Pretty good game. At first I was incredibly impressed by how polished and wonderful it looks (because it does - it has that fantastic Metal Slug feel to its presentation), and by how fun the simple gameplay is. It's a lot of fun to traverse the non-linear levels, and most enemies are pretty fun to fight and kill.However, after playing for a few hours, I started to realize how much content is recycled, and how tiring it got that every mission is just a fetch quest. On the same couple of levels. This hit especially hard when I played a mission where you have to hunt down a boss that keeps escaping to different points on the level, making him almost impossible to find let alone kill (I had to find him four times in random spots before I was able to wear him down). A few missions later, they recycled the *exact* same boss and level, with the only difference being that you had to stun and capture him or something.I really wish the game didn't have so much excess padding, because it could've been one of my favorite indie titles ever. I have a few other gripes, such as the fact that it's pretty bad at explaining how all the customization works, and if you finish the main objective in a level you get no chance to finish the secondary before leaving. Also, the reload mechanic slows down the pace a lot, and makes single-shot guns very unfun.Still, it's a strong game at its core, and tons of fun outside of the annoying moments. It's not worth its full price because you're gonna get sick of it pretty fast, but on a sale for like 3-5€? Sure."
76561197995566346,Recommended,218820,9655018,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Cuppasoop,"The gameplay is some mix of Mega Man and Metal Slug, and the aesthetic is very Metal Slug-esque. And while the game has its rough spots (Not being able to aim diagonally, having to worry about bosses running away to a random other spawn), it's still pretty fun!"
,Not Recommended,218820,9655176,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Hime_of_Aces,"Mercenary Kings is one of the few games that depicts how only a few mechanics can throw a monkey wrench into what could have been a great game. From the start you are given a game that is a mix of Monster Hunter,Metal Slug, and a dash of Gears of War. In theory this sounds quite awesome! In practice it shows how each one of these mechanics can work against each other.Starting with the Monster Hunter mechanic of finding loot to craft new guns, this forces the player to grind in a side scrolling shooter. At first it dose not seem to be an issue up until you face the 2nd boss in which kill you. Or in most cases, will time you out. Causes you to replay stages for better weapons because bosses in the game can run away from you if you don't kill them fast enough. Next is the two other mechanics described in which can work against each other.Due the reload mechanic you will be taking shots and you have no way to defend yourself. This could have been fixed with an instant reload rather than the timed reload. Adding another layer of frusteration. I tried going in wanting to love it. Even through the time on greenlight I tried holding hope. Sadly I can't say it is fun sadly. I give Mercenary Kings a 6.5/10."
,Recommended,218820,9723527,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,iamjianxin,"Mac r9075 can't run, check it !!!!!"
,Recommended,218820,9750164,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Boss Rabbit,"Metal Slug + Monster Hunter + Vidya References  = Mercenary Kings.Playing as either King or Empress, you are the survivor of a failed attack on an island of evil. Collect scrap to make weapons that start off as handguns and rifles, then move on up into ridiculous things like trumpets, toilets, and living guns.If you have an itchy trigger finger and love to blow up dudes, this game is for you."
76561198035891224,Recommended,218820,9667207,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Raven,"Well....let me tell you...this game is so fun and addictive.  I dont play games like this ever.  Since I was a kid.  But somehow they took an oldschool game and made it modern with the cutomization.  People compare it to Metal slug.  I just played that game to see if it was and its not really the same at all.  I like this game way better.  And its newer so there should be more added to it as time goes on.  The levels, or maps are a bit repetative after a while but I find the missions keep you running around enough that its not a big deal for me.  The gun cutomization is so cool.  I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a challenge and likes to pick up loot to make different weapons and armour.  The multiplayer seems pretty cool to, although I only did it once.  I couldnt really keep up because the other people with me were way better, but it was really fun though.  There characters look really good to.  buy it!!"
76561198089282208,Recommended,218820,9667722,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Kaiser Wilhelm,"This game is great. If you're a fan of the Metal Slug series, pick up Mercenary Kings. You won't be disappoint."
76561197963438075,Recommended,218820,9670557,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,PossiblyJimHenson,This game rules! If you are a fan of the metal slug series then this is right up your alley.
,Recommended,218820,9699009,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Big-E,"I have been a fan of Paul Robertson ever since Pirate Babby Cabanna Street Fight 2006.  This game is everything I would expect from him.  Not only is the game super fun, but the attention to detail is perfect.  The creativity, the gameplay, and the crafting to name a few makes thisl game a must have.  I find myself playing this game exclusively, trying to find more materials to craft more items and exploring how they effect my movement and abilities."
76561197973504861,Recommended,218820,9699426,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,DarthWar,"So good. 4 Player split screen/online co-op, so many customization parts to build, fun bosses. I could go on about this game, but instead I'm going to go play it some more. 10/10, Will pay for more content developers, so start makeing some dlc for this game."
,Recommended,218820,8055443,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,MST3Kforever,"Some of the most fun arcade style gameplay I've had since Castle Crashers.  This game is fantastic and only getting better.  Thousands of weapon combinations, a fun familiar art style, a wide variety of missions, and the chance to bring some friends along for the ride.  This is a great game and a must have for any library."
,Recommended,218820,8059331,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Uber,"It's like Metal Slug, but not. Take Metal Slug, make it less fast, more horizontal, and psuedo-open. Then add in ridiculously cool weapon creation and tons upon tons of missions. That's Mercenary Kings, not to mention Paul Robertson and Persona-Sama's amazing art. Also, you can't shoot diagonally. ROBOT DOGS"
76561197986866219,Recommended,218820,9881651,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Fedaykin,"Wonderful game. Take Metal Slug's high fidelity sprite based graphics, add Monster Hunter type missions and a vast crafting system, top it off with a sensational soundtrack and you get Mercenary Kings.I had so much fun with this game I can't believe it actually. It's not perfect but there is incredible value here.Have fun"
,Recommended,218820,9999749,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,TopHatToast,A game made by the same creators of Scott Pilgrim vs the world. Pixel art style is used in this game aswell as Spvtw. This is a brilliant game in total with new things to aquire as the game goes on so it doesn't get old. The game also progresses in difficulty  aswell as tools. I would recommend playing with a friend as you will get bored playing on your own from time to time but over all I recommend this game.
76561197979947257,Recommended,218820,10058211,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,binjamin880,This game is fun and very addicting. The amount of weapons that you can craft is massive. It can be annoying when the bosses fun away but overall its worth the 20 bucks.
76561198048736247,Recommended,218820,5373627,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Soft & Lilly,This is A good Game.
,Not Recommended,218820,15836368,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ivan,"Mercenary Kings is a game by Tribute, mixing 2D run&gun gameplay with a crafting system similar to the Monster Hunter series.You play as one of two Kings-mercenaries trying to put an end to the nefarious Claw by completing a large amount of different missions like gathering missions, hostage rescues and elimination missions. During these missions, you gather money and materials, which can be used to craft new powerful weapons to even your odds against the overwhelming mass of Claw forces.While Mercenary Kings sound awesome, it turned into a mediocre/bad one due to many, many questionable game design decisions.Sigh. It's Scott Pilgrim all over again.The Good- As expected of Paul Robertson, the Pixel Art is awesome. The terrain looks great and the characters are perfectly animated.- Great character designs.- The soundtrack fits the game very well.- On- & offline co-op.- Weapons crafting is well done and yields some really cool weapons.The Bad- Not all weapon parts can be combined.- Heavy weapons parts will slow your character down.- 4 player co-op and only 2 playable characters. Because nothing says immersion more than fighting alongside your unique character's color-swapped clone.- There's a small delay when you jump, making jumps feel odd.- Touching the enemy hurts you and knocks you back. Now there's an old video game sin that should've been buried in the New Mexican desert a long time ago. While it does make sense with some enemies (running into a knife or  an industrial drill is not a good health plan), this seems particularly silly considering the fact that most enemies do have an attack animation.- Critters count as enemies, meaning that touching a critter hurts your character as well. So yes, your mandrake-powered mercenaries can potentially be killed by a bunny. And there's not even a holy grenade to even the odds.- Speaking of old video game sins that should've been buried,♥♥♥♥♥soon as the enemy spawn point is off-screen, the enemy will respawn. It's like you've never been there at all!- Enemies with full frontal immunity; that is a full frontal I do not like. Whereas shielded enemies in Metal Slug would drop the shield if it took too much damage, the enemies in Mercenary Kings are pretty much invulnerable as long as the shield's up. So, as mentioned above, you can't just move past them and jumping over them is rarely an option too, meaning you'll have to wait until the expose their weak spot to attack them. And boy, they're not in a hurry to drop their defenses.- Weapons need to be reloaded. Because why slow down the game flow if it can be brought to a grinding stop instead?- No diagonal aiming.- No item quickslot. In order to use an item, you'll first have to equip it, then use it. This is not only annoying when you need to use an item quickly, it renders some items such as the riot shield useless, as it takes too long to use them. And on top of that, while you've equipped an item, you can't use your gun.- You can't buy a full stock of items, even if you can afford them. If I can carry 5 rations, why can I only buy 4?The Ugly- As all missions of a chapter take place in the same level,  you'll see the same levels over and over again.- EVERY mission has a time limit, even gathering missions that require random loot from enemies. Why do I need a time limit when gathering materials to fix the tents? Do my oh so powerful mercenaries catch the sniffles if I don't gather them on time?- Do you like time limits? Then you'll love boss fights, 'cause those are timed too! As soon as the boss timer runs out, the boss will run away. Get this: the big guy's got a knife your size (it's literally as big as your character) and he runs away few minutes into the fight. And although the boss escapes through a huge cave, you can't follow him. No, you'll have to fight your way through the level again to continue fighting that big chicken. And of course, no backtracking experience would've been complete without a full enemy respawn!- Adding insult to injury, the boss timer starts running again as soon as the boss makes his appearance again. So, if you take to much time reaching the new boss area, the bugger's gone to another place.- Be on you guard when reaching a new boss area. The boss can attack you before you even entered the area.VerdictI really wanted to like this game, but the many, many flaws just kill it for me. Sigh. I should stop being a sucker for Paul Robertson's artwork.If you're looking for fast-paced run&gun action like Metal Slug, don't buy this game. Go buy Metal Slug 3 instead. If you don''t mind the slower pace and the flaws mentioned above, you might want to take a look at it. Weapon crafting's good fun, and so's co-op run&gun games."
76561198027994280,Recommended,218820,15886455,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Ismaru,"Tons of weapons and customizations. The missions felt really generic and bland, but all in all it was a cool experience. Definitely a game I recommend playing with friends, but not alone."
76561198075202999,Not Recommended,218820,16266459,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Jakuzi,"oh great I was waiting for someone to strip Metal Slug of all creativity and charm and then force you to romp around the same area killing the same enemies for an extended amount of time to stretch the gameplay out. It's great that the enemies are super spread out as well, to really give you time to breath in your run and gun, I mean really who wants to constantly be doing the only thing you can actually do in the game?(hint: this is sarcasm)The game isn't awful, but there are better things out there and this is based on those things so there you goThe only advantage this has on Metal Slug is that it doesn't have tedious bosses and things weren't designed to kill you out of the blue"
,Recommended,218820,15519240,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Negwobeel,"Good old fashioned side scrolling shooter, a nice gun crafting system giving you an excuse to return to levels. Works best as a coop game but single player plays alright."
76561197986098555,Recommended,218820,16142281,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Rivethead Rambo,"A sidescrolling shooter with retro grafics and custom weapons.GameplayThere is a bunch of bigger maps. Your missions are normaly set in a part of the map. Most of the time you have to kill something or search something. Different missions require different strategies and equipement. You may call it a little bit repetitive, but it works. The real thing in this game is the weapon customization/crafting: You can build different gun parts and combine them as you like. Scoped assault rifle? Armourpiercing Miningun? Homing SMG? Sniper-SMG? Shotgun-Pistol? There are no limits (almost).Grafics & SoundThe grafics are charming and functual. It's retro style but in a really good way. No pseudo-retro pixel war, nope. Its clean pixel art. The sound matches this perfectly: reminds me of the old console times.DifficultyOk i have to stress that: the start is quite challanging and a little bit frustrating. But soon you will be able to upgrade your gun. From this moment it gets easier. Mid-Game is playable and fun but in the end, well it gets quite hard again... but its perfectly playable. I played the complete game on solo: its possible but you have to think a little bit and train your fingers!Pros:-Custom weapons (play it your style)-Different play styles are possible-Lots uf parts to unlock-Diffent maps (Horizontal street parts, vertical parts in buildings, jump&run like parts)-Challanging (I take it as a pro, but you might take it otherwise)Cons:-First trys may be a little bit hard-Missions can by quite repetitive (kill X soliders, gather X minerals...)In a nutshell: On of the few sidescrolling shooters i really enjoy. Weapon-Crafing is fun and offers a lot of variety!"
,Not Recommended,218820,15082011,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Octavarium,"The worst implementation of split-screen multiplayer I have ever seen. I am really disappointed with this game.If you are playing singleplayer, its actually pretty good (with the exception of the way the enemies constantly respawn)... but for me, I bought it to play couch coop and its pure garbage. How a design decision like that was made, I have no idea."
,Recommended,218820,15073459,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Penguiniey,"The sprite art and animation is amazing, the soundtrack is great and the game is fun to play. My only warning to potential buyers would be that the game can get a little reptitive with the stages and missions.Also, some people may not like mandatory time limit on missions."
76561198050682842,Recommended,218820,15240203,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Deadly Ackbar,"If you like grinding for material to make new weapons, or armor then this game will be right up your alley. This game is not for people who want different every time they play."
76561197967112619,Recommended,218820,266634,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Hokucho,"Now with mappable controls! This game combines everything that is good in an old arcade game! Mercenary Kings combines the aesthetic of a game like Metal Slug and Scott Pilgrim, into a rootin-tootin-gun-shootin lootfest and arcade sidescrolling shooter! The game also impliments what I call a 'borderlands-lite' version of gun customization: Want a regular gun? Sure, but, what about a gun that shoots homing acid rockets? GO FOR IT! This game promotes crazy gun builds and RPG crafting elements to make youre own favorite weapon of carnage and destruction! Build a gun, go in with 4 player local coop or multiplayer, and take down CLAW!"
,Recommended,218820,13991466,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,thebigl1,"Does blasting an army of bad guys to smithereens Metal Slug-style sound like your idea of a good time? How about doing it with your own custom-made weapon using whatever mishmash of parts you can think of? If any of that appeals to you, then this is absolutely worth a shot.Paul Robertson's handmade sprites and backdrops do a lot to give the experience that retro/fake-retro charm without coming across as just pixelated for the sake of it. The soundtrack's combination of metal and chiptune-like tones calls to mind things like Virt's compositions for Contra 4 and DuckTales Remastered.Once you get some momentum going, it's lots of fun crafting gun parts, bionic mods and even substitutes for your trusty knife, to put together your own personal loadout and see how it performs.There's a couple hitches though. To me at least, the system of equipment weighing you down seems out of place, and the Monster Hunter-type layout of missions giving you different objectives in the same areas means it can get kind of repetitive, especially if there's a gun part or something you REALLY want to get the materials for.Trifles aside, it's a fine example of mashing together run-and-gun violence and strategic weapon crafting."
,Recommended,218820,14092523,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,"Hitler, The Grand Vizier","Is this a great game in the traditional sense? Debatable. There's definitely the skeleton of an amazing game, but it's hard to deny that the flesh is basically made out of bone. Like the whole thing is just a really really thick skeleton...What I'm trying to say is that the game is samey as ♥♥♥♥. Like pretty badly. The boss fights are nicely varied, but the missions in between are just... you'll know a map front to back at the end of it's related rank, that's for damn sure. The crafting system, while not terribly unique, really adds a sense of depth and personalization to the game, and lets you set goals for yourself, which is always a plus in my book. But the reason I recommend this is not any of that.I'm giving this a recommendation because it is just a much cooler version of Metal Slug, and I like Metal Slug. I might not want to play it all the time, but when I do this game is there for me with a mission I haven't completed the fastest time on or a new gun that I haven't beaten a boss with or just something, anything, to give me an excuse to play a very functional, responsive, fun 2-D scrolling shooter. And at the end of the day, that's worth the 20 (15 if you have friends) dollars."
76561198031778192,Recommended,218820,13985296,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Tsareena's Refined Thighs,"The game is very fun and innovative. its a great mix of scott pilgrim: the game's artstyle, and a contra/metal slug like gaming experience. plus, the gun crafting system is awesome too! the gun parts can vary wildly and even look silly and entertaining! ( shotgun with a sniper stock, some grass for a scope, and a tommy gun ammo barrel? why the truck not?) also theres a few mentionable and noticeable references to games and media hidden in little crevices of the game. plus theharacters at base camp. Cadillac is an old TF2 Spy, whats not to like?TL;DR Toilet shotgun. 10/10"
,Recommended,218820,13941621,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Vasparoza,"This game is rather good than bad,BUTIt is NOT ""Metal Slug"" alike 2D shooter as you may expect by its store page.This game more like a Monster Hunter or any free-to-play MMO without donations.So be ready:1) To spend most of your time grinding same missions for  materials.2) Playing this game alone will be way harder and longer, than if you play with someone else.3) And not that much people play this game.4) There is even no matchmakingResult: do not buy unless it's heavily discounted or you have at least 1 friend to play it with you."
76561198085394667,Recommended,218820,15245120,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,coffeefudge,This game is fun and engaging i have yet to have lost interest in what this game has in store i very much so recommend the purchase of this game as it will not be put to waste. i very much recommend buying at least 2 copies or have a friend buy one because the more the merrier.
76561197976437432,Recommended,218820,14134443,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Tanuki,"Gameplay is similar to Megaman (and Gears of War, strangely enough), but there is also an RPG aspect to it.  The addiction for me comes with trying to upgrade your guns, knives, and abilities.  Sometimes the missions (gather, rescue, neutralize, etc.) can be a bit repetitive, but the level design makes up for it.  Also, it's a lot of fun with multiplayer."
76561198118372839,Recommended,218820,14136266,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,suvalien,nice style plays well but seems lacking in some aspects.
76561198067926453,Recommended,218820,14362331,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Topspops,Do you like metal slug? But Bigger and better?Then you got this happy fun time.
,Recommended,218820,14095901,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Strangelove,apparently the secret to make a game's grinding fun is making the gameplay harder than dark souls.
,Recommended,218820,14768197,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Médecins Sans Undertale,"I CAN'T STOP LOOKING FOR A KNIFE THAT'S AS GOOD AS THE BREAD KNIFEOkay but for real, this is basically a collectathon by a certain point, and if that doesn't scare you away, you might have a good time with this. Also the co-op is supposed to be a blast but I have no friends."
,Recommended,218820,14754251,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,KFC Wipes,"s'not a bad game. It has a lot of charm, and the gameplay is good enough. Most of the enemies have set attack patterns, however, so there really isn't much challenge to the gameplay. Especially with a friend joining in.I still recommend it. Don't judge me."
,Recommended,218820,545556,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Such Spooky Flame,"I have a few gripes about this game but none of them really took away from my overall satisfaction from playing it. My one big gripe is the game isn't done yet and the weapons that I can't make yet are taunting me.Other gripes include enemies acting strangely or clipping into terrain in co-op, Elemental weapons seem near useless (except caustic in the earlier missions), and proficiencies are way too hard to get and were not worth the time and investment into getting them. (I got the submachine gun mod and found that it was not worth having on my choice of SMG)Summary: Metal Slug meets Borderlands."
,Not Recommended,218820,14941643,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Soul,"Let me start by saying DON'T BUY THIS GAME.This game is one of my biggest regrets on steam, if you watch the trailer and thought this looks amazing you right, but the problem is what they show you in the trailer it LITTERALLY THE ENTIRE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The games fun for 5 minutes then you realize you doing the same thing OVER AND OVER taking grinding to the extreme, on top of that you find out the guns in the game suck even fully upgraded you either do NO DAMAGE or have NO BULLETS it's just no.....If you want to play a co-op side scrolling shooter just go buy metal slug this is not the game for you.For you masochist though you enjoy doing the exact same thing over and over same map same enemies same items same everything buy this game, I'll be playing a real game in the meantime."
76561198067801284,Recommended,218820,7518667,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Krovan_,"Un jeu de platforme / tir aux allures de Metal Slug (l'un des meilleurs je d'arcade).Si vous faites bien attention, vous remarquerez plusieurs clin-d'oeuils aux jeux vidéos et à la culture pop.Jouable en Coop jusqu'à 4, cela promet de grosses crises de rire et/ou de gros coups de gueules entre pote.En gros, on retrouve enfin un jeu qui fait revivre notre bon vieu Metal Slug.Pouce Vert! :D"
,Recommended,218820,5361634,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Kenny,Всем любителям поклацать джостик как в старые добрые времена за контрой ))
,Not Recommended,218820,5450894,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,TIME FOR DEATH,"Combat is cumbersome and contrived. Controlling your character is a chore due to speed, the poor hit direction of your attacks, and the delay of movement you suffer after landing a freaking jump. The gameplay is far from ""frantic""—deliberating your every move before jumping in to combat b/c of your own movement limitations is just inexcusable. Perpetually spawning enemies can be bland: they either spawn right in front of a doorway, or in the exact same spot they were killed a minute before. Search and rescue/destroy missions take forever due the circular level design in some areas.Ironically, MK really shines with it's non-Platformer elements. I love the idea of crafting weapon upgrades from found materials and dealing elemental damage. The reloading system is surprisingly fun: time your reloads, and dispatch your foes with high powered rounds of ammunition. Of course, the multiplayer is a plus, albeit a standard one.Part of me thinks I've just been spoiled by the gameplay of Metal Slug, but there are so many things that MK can do so much better.As it is, I cannot recommend Mercenary Kings, even with the $5 discount. Here's to hoping for a more polished edition after development is complete."
76561198042162463,Recommended,218820,4819920,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Ethan Slamberry,"It's like Megaman, Contra, and  Metal Slug had a sexy threeway interracial love child and then the love child made a game that was really good."
,Recommended,218820,11089956,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Jon the Red,"Crafting is one of the worst plagues upon modern gaming, and here is one of its worst itinerations.  The missions often take place in the same few maps, merely putting the start and finish lines in different areas.  The reload mechanic is completely out of place in a game like this.  Boss fights are the worst because said bosses will randomly leave the area and require you to track them down anew.  The music is a confused mess, unsure of whether it wants to go full chiptune or not.  The overall goal is also muddled; the game rewards you for speedrunning missions, and also for taking time to explore and fulfill extra objectives, leaving players wondering if they should just play all the missions twice.  The gun customization is really lacking; most ammo types are unavailable unless you specifically build you gun to accept them, and nearly every combination slows your character's movement to an unplayable crawl.It says a lot about the overall quality of the game that I can still recommend it, despite these awful downsides.  However, this is a very tentative recommendation; I bet there's plenty of people out there that would take those as enough red flags to stay away from Mercenary Kings.  Just download Cheat Engine and hack yourself a huge stockpile of crafting materials, and you'll enjoy the game so much more, I promise."
,Recommended,218820,11091524,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ｔｒａｓｈｇｈ０ｓｔ,Metal Slug meets mods and customization. Fun game if you have a group of friends or if you want to try your luck at a public lobby. Most of the missions get repetitive but the enemies become harder as you progress.
,Recommended,218820,950226,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Bran Banana Bran Bread,Metal Slug + Borderlands. Need I say more?
76561197990855491,Recommended,218820,10991080,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kurraak,"Ok.. so since this game became available for sale, I was thinking ""Yeah that game looks pretty good, kind of like metal slug... which I really like.... hmmmm to get it or not to get it...to get it or not to get it..""   So it comes on sale during the 2014 summer sale.  It was the last purchase I made during that sale, and wow am I glad I did!I absolutely LOVE this game, the gameplay totally reminds me of the old days playing megaman on the NES/SNES.I'm totally loving this game, there are only a couple tiny drawbacks for me.  They are almost insignifigant but I guess being that nothing in this world is perfect, here we go with MK's.  The local Multiplayer screens make it kind of hard to see anything as it shrinks things to 1/4 of the regular size... not a huge deal to me personally, the only time it bugs me is if I'm playing the game with my wife on our living room TV.  It's still totally fun to play, I guess the solution could be -GET A BIGGER TV!!  Lol.. not a big deal so whatever.  The other thing... HAVE MORE PLAYABLE CHARACTERS!  Yeah, the two they have are great, I love them, but I'd have loved to see more selectable characters...All in all, its an absolutely WONDERFUL game.  The pros (in my opinion) FAR outweigh the cons and had I known it would have been so much fun I would have bought it for full price a while back, but I'm not complaining that I got such a great game at a discount!!PLEASE make more games like this one!  I'll be all over MK2 if it promises the same great experience as this one did!"
,Recommended,218820,11011689,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,irw101,"Someone I know should totally play this, so I can play it with someone I know."
76561198030112164,Not Recommended,218820,11013650,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Skippers,"I don't know if I'm just bad at this game or it's just how it's programmed. Right off the back, the game's art style is the major thing that caught my attention. This game's art style is very well done, one of the few positives of this game. Now the gameplay functions and works fine. It takes a while for you to understand the controls completely before going into action. Now my biggest gripe about this game is the gameplay and level design itself. For starters, the first missions prove to be more difficult than I'd imagined for the first ones in the game itself. The game gives little to no indicators of what you're doing and where you're supposed to go; so you have to back-track over and over again. The first level itself is terribly bland and average in design, and enemy placement is a whole other story. Sometimes enemies will be placed in the most inconvient places, and will force you to take huge amounts of damage. As an insult to injury, you will lose a chunk of money you will earn by completing the mission. When you die too many times the mission will end and you will be taken back to the main hub. It seems like the game is punishing you by not giving you any variety of weapons to buy, even at the first three missions, making it incredibly difficult to beat any of the missions. I don't know how the game is further in deph, since I dropped my controller and turned it off after attempting the first three missions and failing all of them at least twice. Overall I do not recommend this game to anyone who will play it alone, it is clearly meant for co-op, if they can even manage to scrape the surface of the first three missions."
76561197968841888,Recommended,218820,11096974,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Darkmantid,"Great game if your a fan of Metal Slug / Arcade run and gun style games.Gorgeous art, clean and responsive controls !Kinda repetitive but still fun"
76561197970998358,Recommended,218820,10932931,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Smogs,Great platformera real visit back to the glory days of pixel art - metal slug inspired with customisable weapons
,Recommended,218820,10933600,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DGB,Very satisfying side scrolling shooter. Guncrafting is easy to do and generally awesome. The ability dynamic gives you that edge you need for harder mission. And they factored in everything from reload ability to wieght dynamic. The enemies are probably my favourite part of the game seeing as there are so many differant types of them each with there own strength and weakness dynamic as well as differant attack bases. I give this a thumb way up its super fun to play especially with your friends
,Recommended,218820,7640461,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,wishiwashi,Amazing it is just like metal slug but with much more to offer and actual mission which get more and more difficult as the ranks upgrade.
,Recommended,218820,4977700,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Sensei,this game was worth the 15 dollars i payed hands down. while the controls may be odd to get used too once you do this game is loads of fun definetly worth the buy
76561197980447747,Recommended,218820,864636,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Purple Spy,"A metal slug like game, with quests and crafting, diffrent but unique enough to be fun"
76561198040012832,Not Recommended,218820,20278063,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Salty Boy,i accidentally left this game on for a week straight while i wasnt home... i played like 2 hours of it wouldnt buy this again.
,Not Recommended,218820,20563258,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Steeru,Controlls are ridiculous!This game wasted so much potential that i genuinely feel sorry that i wasted my money on this.
,Recommended,218820,7581738,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,BinaryViolence,"So what is Mercenary Kings?  One part Metal Slug, with an inventory and crafting system, with that familiar 4 player game play.  Either for a 'serious' play, or casual, it's honestly fun.  Great old school handling and the soundtrack is a nice mix of classic bit work and modern rock.The inventory and crafting systems are pretty simple.  You need X amounts of Y materials to craft Z part for your gun.  Plus some cash.  And for those of you who like to customize and build and have MULTIPLE gun builds? They have you covered.  Everything from pistols, carbines, assault rifles, shotguns, machine guns, toilets, and trombone's (to name a few), with elemental ammo, armor piercing, buckshot.  Lots of options here for scoring some ludicrous gibs (yes!).  OH and knives too. But who needs a knife when you can build a freakin' minigun?The game handles well, overall. You move your character, and they get there.  Feels like something taken right out of an arcade cabinet and put into your hand with such simplicity it's nuts.  Any fan of the Metal Slug franchise WILL feel right at home here.  You needn't worry.  For everyone else?  This game is quick on the uptake.  You shall find no sloppy handling here.My one issue is that the default input is a keyboard. I would highly. HIGHLY recommend the use of a game pad.  Otherwise the keyboard controls are a bit spaced out and kindof irregular.  The gamepad makes everything RIGHT at home.Overall, for a game that's in 'early access' it feels fairly rock solid and fairly 'done'.  Yet they keep adding to and tweaking the game.   And the price tag certainly makes this a worthwhile investment."
,Recommended,218820,8317629,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,fried rice,It's fun with co-op
,Recommended,218820,8357165,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tohru,"Monster Hunter meets Metal Slug. If grinnding resources to craft kickass gear and memorizing levels isn't your thing, I'd avoid this one. Otherwise, a fantasitc bit new-age nostalgia."
76561198031602014,Recommended,218820,7803909,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Hexrowe,"Already a great deal of fun, at least to me, and it's not even finished yet! It's like Metal Slug with non-linear stages and customizable guns - and animation by the ever awesome Paul Robertson, no less! (Seriously, look up his hauntingly cute ""Devil Eyes"" or the balls-to-the-wall, all out INSANE ""Kings of Power 4 Billion %"" on YouTube.)I think currently the main draw of Mercenary Kings is the presentation - music, graphics, character designs - all very stylish and surprisingly polished. The gameplay does get repetitive, especially when you're just grinding for materials, but there seems to be a steady stream of new content gradually trickling in, as you'd expect for a game in development. The crafting system adds a layer of depth, as intended, but feels perhaps a bit linear in that there's really no reason to ever go back to an older piece of gear once replaced, and it seems that your best option is always to build every gun exclusively of its own set of designated parts - mixing and matching components from different guns is sub-optimal at best.But the beauty of it is, of course, that this can all still change! Play the game, GIVE DETAILED FEEDBACK, and we'll see what we can help make of it!"
76561197990257676,Recommended,218820,8305367,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,VertigoJones,"Old skool platform shooter, taking a lot from Metal slug, 1941, Green Beret to name a few. An entertaining inventory/crafting mechanism, lots of really nicely rendered bitmap animation. Very nostalgic but very fresh, Probertsons designs are very cool. Plays well, a tiny bit confusing in parts, but it meshes nicely. A controller is a must. Can't wait for the finished product."
,Recommended,218820,28863136,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tom,"The so called ""Metal slug meets Monster Hunter"" is more like Cave Story meets Monster hunter.That being said i love this game. The gunplay is fun and satisfying. character and weapon customizing are really cool too. there's also a sort of crafting system, collect enough raw materials to make new gun parts and such. The animations are wonderful too, and to be expected since they were done by Paul Robertson. The music...oh my lord the music is absolutely amazing."
76561198031444028,Recommended,218820,28847494,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Meaz,"I enjoy the heck out of this. It brings me back to the old days of Metal Slug and Contra. Granted, very different at the same time, as it more of a levelling system you build with."
76561198048338195,Not Recommended,218820,9888751,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,YCCCM7,"This game is the cutting edge of ""meh"". Played 5 minutes of it with a friend on console, decided to get for PC. Controls are awful for PC and quite frankly it's only good in couch coop, and even then it is indeed limited.I have a lot of gripes with this game, so I'll try to stay constructive where possible, but generally this game is guilty of every ""passable"" class sin in the book.-Enemies reskinned painfully often.-Static-y AI, bonkers damage. Limited lives that makes you need to go back to camp, load, select your mission, talk to your pilot, and reload the level. Dear god. This is frustrating beyond belief.-Great weapon customization system, but you can totally build weapons WAY too specialized and since you get only 1 gun, special weapons have no real use long term.-Boss reskins. Because why the hell not apparently. This is by far one of the worst sins in the book IMO.-Grindy as hell farming resources and the like. Some missions send you out hunting hostages or resources, and god damn is it boring to all hell. Forget a second playthrough outright. I put 47 hours into the game getting all the things the first go, but attempting a 2nd playthrough is murdering me to death.-Both playable characters (there's only 2) are painfully uninteresting. First playthrough I played the chick because at least she wasn't ""rambo clone guy"", but even she wasn't a particularly interesting character.-Bosses run away from you after a certain time, and their fights are based off learning attacks almost exclusively. This is a painful combination, but having to jog around the level, find the boss at any of 3 combat points, and re-engage him hoping he doesn't run away in front of your face (because that can happen, too) is absolutely there.-Reused levels and levels generally lacking much in the way of true definition, with a few outlying exceptions.-Virtually non-existant plot, dialogue, and soundtrack from what I can gather. But expect to get talked at about uninteresting crap for hours anyways.Look. I liked this game enough to play it through my first go, but coming back, every sin in this game is magnified exponentially. This game is long, uninteresting, and littered with so many time wasting, sluggish core mechanics I legitimately wonder what the hell they devs were thinking.Crap. I was trying to be constructive. See? It's that hard. Oh well. Detailed negative criticism beats enraged or understaffed negative criticism any day.Save your money. Don't buy this game. It's fun for a few hours, but then all the charm wears off. I legitimately regret buying this game outright."
76561198078662837,Recommended,218820,29025240,Posted: 4 January,all,MechaNisM,Great art style and fun co op game for family and friend to play together.
,Recommended,218820,24130251,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Stay Frosty,"I don't usually leave reviews on games but I really enjoyed this game and I highly recommend it. 10/10 for sure. I've had no problems with the game, good combat, no framerate issues, no crashes, great story, Amazing sounds (I love the boss musics), lovely art style, the dialogue was enjoyable and it had its humorous moments. The customizable guns is pretty cool. I wish I've heard about this game sooner. Good job developers!"
76561198022898700,Recommended,218820,24189333,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,tekkalord,Absolutely awesome game to play with friends.
76561198071633025,Recommended,218820,29214266,Posted: 12 January,all,Jew McBae,"It's a fun game to play with a few friends, but might not be the best if you don't like your share of grinding. If you want a new gun you're going to have to make it, and while it can be a bit tedious it all depends on whether you personally would like it that way. I had fun making my own gear and playing with a friend, but i could see how others would find it to be a chore"
,Not Recommended,218820,30070393,Posted: 20 February,all,Slow,"wanted to like this game, but majority of the issues with it are due to the developers being unresponsive/outright misadvertising their game. mercenary kings is touted as a multiplayer game, but you're not unlocking the ability to even choose multiplayer options until 8-10 hours into the game. there are also achievement sync issues, which devs have not responded to me when i brought it to their attention. not to mention one of the achievements is literally ""you gave over x amount of money to our kickstarter!"" (there is an in-game way to get said achievement, but that's missing the point). most importantly, i could forgive the game for being repetivie and grindy since it reuses a lot of the same areas/maps for multiple missions, but the game's overall goal is just kind of a time waster. you get stuff to unlock cosmetic stuff, gun parts (large majority of which you're not using), knives (while useful, again, you're only using one out of the several there are), and various minor upgrades. nothing in the crafting system feels like you're actually /crafting/ anything, just engaging in a glorified merchant system. and while it seems petty to harp on these things, this is largely all the gameplay amounts to.at the end of the day i'd have given this a slightly positive review since the game can be fun (if repetitive), and the art/music shines above the gameplay. but, with the devs being so misleading and unengaging, i can't say it's worth picking up."
76561198107372146,Not Recommended,218820,30050672,Posted: 19 February,all,TrollesTroll,Terrible controlling
76561198066484145,Recommended,218820,30087676,Posted: 21 February,all,MookySnax,Monster Hunter meets Metal Slug! What's not to like?
,Recommended,218820,33477234,Posted: 12 July,all,Crioll,Very good and solid 2d platforming shooter.The gun customization options are very nice and offers a huge variety.
,Recommended,218820,33594447,Posted: 16 July,all,Reyxco,Lots of fun and great multi player
,Not Recommended,218820,33665730,Posted: 19 July,all,Rhubarb,"Every mission has a time limit, bosses at the end of a stage can just walk off, making you walk through the poorly laid -out levels while your time still counts down. Most of the grievances you're going to run into will be indirectly or directly related to the timer. It's an awful mechanic and it's only there so you don't farm a level/enemy indefinitely because what this game needed was grinding... yeah, grinding.Nope, for me."
,Recommended,218820,33771310,Posted: 24 July,all,coolriffz,"+++++graphics+customising weapons+fun co-op+reminiscent of metal slug in gameplay mechanics+cute (for real)--------you reaaaaally have to grind-chasing bosses-missions where you have to collect materials is too much of a hassle - acutally the reason why I quit the game :Dthe game is fun when played with friends in co-op (what game isn't ffs) but solo ends up being very boring, especially because the maps are recycled most of the time. Aaaaand so are the materials, I mean, ""aluminum, quality aluminum?"" like, what's next? Excellent aluminum? I think the issue is that there are too many misc. missions and materials cluttering the game. The game is a gem, don't get me wrong, but there's just no point of making a compact and likeable game longer than it should be."
,Recommended,218820,33775643,Posted: 24 July,all,RapidDecompression,"Stylish graphics, great music, ""git gud"" gameplay and boss battles. NUFF SAID"
