user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,219640,15972597,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Skl3ros,"There was a time where I could really recommend this game 100%. But not anymore.As time has passed more people got good at the game resulting in a lot of higher ranked players.Now you might think that that's a good thing. Well no, in this community it isn't.Instead of good players playing against each other you have 90% of highranks (45+) playing in team objective servers and rank stacking on the same team (usually attack side). So basically instead of having balanced fun matches most high ranked players purposefully join the team with more highranks which ends up in very unbalanced teams and an almost guaranteed win for the stacked team.You really only need to look at the rank distribution at the start of a match and you can predict which team wins with 99% certainty.Not only is it unfair for the players on the other team but it makes matches just overall very boring. As someone who reached rank 50 I either join the stack and will not be challenged at all (imagine a pro soccer player playing against a 5 year old) or I join the other team and stand no chance at all.It has been like this for quite a while but it's reached it's peak lately where you really have to search hard for a server where this doesn't happen every match. Sometimes I don't find such a server and end up not playing at all because of it.The game has a lot of little flaws but in my opinion it's the community who in the end really ruins it. They call it a skill-based game but there is no skill involved in unbalancing teams as much as possible and winning without effort. In fact a lot of people who think that they are particularly good only think so because they simply stack all the time.The only way to enjoy this game nowadays is if you like to play in a clan. If you are into that I can recommend it even though I'm not a huge fan of clans. Otherwise you can only join the stacking or lose nearly every match if you don't. I dont enjoy either of it and therefor this review."
,Not Recommended,219640,25653961,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,skinner,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is an extremely fun game with interesting mechanics that give it a great longevity. It is very fun to play.For about 9 hours(ish).Chivalry unfortunately is a game that doesn't get better with age. Rather, it ages like milk. After 9 hours of brutal slaughter and decapitations you will begin to enter the game's seamy underbelly.This is due to their two different server types: Beginner and Advanced.Beginner is where you will spend the first 9 or so hours in Chivalry, playing with those under level 15. Matches in these servers are incredibly fun to play, with everyone at an even level allows for fun, fair - albeit gratuitous- fights.This part of the game I loved, playing nearly daily to get my fill of medieval mediation.But then we level up, become a big boy, and the gates to beginner servers close.Due to this you have no choice but to play in the advanced servers, but this seems fair right? I mean, isn't it good that there is a separation in skill levels?True, but as you begin your first tentative steps into advanced matches, you'll notice that the game you loved so much is just a little bit different. That fiery girl you fell in love with turned out to be no girl at all; in fact, as she undresses before your eyes you realise, she's a tumour.And a pretty bad tumour at that, poor thing.What I mean to say, through poor analogies, that the advanced section of the game is unmoderated garbage.Hey, did you enjoy intricate duels where you used the mechanics to simulate a real fight?Not any more, now it's a lot easier: majority of players seem to instead  prefer exploiting the game's mechanics by switching to third-person and violently moving there mouse in various directions to break the physics and strike with moves that are near-impossible to defend from.And if you love that notion, then I'm sure that knowing that (at least in my personal experience) about 1 in every 3 players has some kind of cheats or hacks enabled will come as an absolute treat.This wouldn't be a huge issue, if the devs did anything about it, such as enforcing better anti-cheat policies, or even setting up moderated servers specifically for those who want actual battles.But in the meantime we just have to make do with a cancerous community and a broken game.So yeah, with the state that Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is in, I just can't reccommend it.Which sucks, because under that pile of broken garbage lies a genuinely fun game.I could semi-reccommmend picking it up in a sale, just so you can play the early servers; or just create another steam account once you reach level 15, whatever helps you sleep at night.Alternatively you could sit pretty until the devs decide to change some things up.But to be honest, I kind of doubt that much - if anything - will change in the game, I doubt the devs are gonna put much more time into it.But hey, could be wrong, hopefully I am.So pick Chivalry up if you want some limited fun, or if you're into broken games.Or save your money for a rainy day, or Mafia III, or whatever.<3"
,Recommended,219640,7742096,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Nick The Dad,"I don't think I've ever had so much fun being dismembered before. Focusing far more on action and fun than on realism, Chivalry is quite possibly my favorite multiplayer game of the last year. Easy to pick up, harder to master, and with an actual reward system in place for honing your skills, Chivalry is perfect for both the casual and hardcore gamer alike. Feel like having some crazy arene combat for 15 minutes before you leave for work? This game is right for you. Want to be up all night, storming the castle in a way that requires teamwork? This game is right for you. Want to prove you're the best to ever wield a sword, pike, axe, or bow and have all bow before you? This game is right for you. It isn't without its flaws, but there really is no other game that can provide you with an experience like this. Pick it up....you won't regret it."
76561198052799726,Recommended,219640,10414342,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Cambridge the Javelinator,"This is not a game. It's more than a game. It's a pure test of your virility. It puts more hair on your chest than drinking olive oil from the bottle or being on the bottom while having sex on ashvalt.Why haven't you bought it yet? Are you mentally enfeebled? It's been on sale for like $6.50, twice. I bet you're the kind of person who screendrags with a Zweihander or sits on the bridge with a shortbow getting two kills per game. This is a sport, and if you're a rookie you're going to die hard. Prepare to be impaled by that level 50 guy who has played 400 hours on nothing but spear and literally cannot be hit.Forget your K/D. You're going to get Philip K/Dicked. You're the Man in the High Castle and your teammates would rather bum around on the ballista than save your noob @ss. Do you think training up your longbow skills is going to help you survive? Yarnu has built an entire Youtube channel around running behind enemy lines and shanking archers. That guy has a server named after him. You can't even block with a bow equipped. Get into the frontlines and take your medicine.And one day you'll pick up a Javelin, start getting a few cheap headshots and feel like you've finally found your calling, you've discovered the niche in the game that nobody else can fully counter, that actually feels like fun. And then a bloke in red and green with a joker symbol on his shield is going to run up to your wimpy buckler and cave your head in because you never realised that shield bash was actually useful for something. Cambridge realised that ages ago. Back to the drawing board, peasant."
,Not Recommended,219640,16096825,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,JorisCeoen (GamingReviews),"After all these years, reaching level 54, I cannot recommend the game. I have 500+ hours on this, and all I can think of is remembering the good times. I hate this game so much because I used to love it to the point it became my most played game for almost one year. I'm gonna tell you why you should avoid this game that has become deteriorated over time (and has become less valuable than it was at release):The good times, that was when this game didn't have regular crashes (it had none in fact). Now it crashes EVERY FIRST TIME you join the game, you Alt+F4 and then you have to again load the game. THEN it's very likely the server you wanted to join is full. You have to wait. Then it's possible that it crashes at the character screen etc... It's also possible to simply crash mid-game. I once had over 16 crashes while waiting for the server list to load. This never happened at the start.Secondly, the networking is riddled with problems. It's laggy, choppy and after a certain amount of players it's going to skip registrations of animations, hits and more. Even on 32 player server this happens from time to time. I can live with it occasionally but now it happens so frequently, most servers crash like every 30mins.Thirdly, bugs, bugs and bugs. In the level design, in the combat, in the animations and the graphics. It's unbelievable how many collision problems there are in the game. The parrying is completely inconsistent, you can even block attacks coming from the back where there is no shielding whatsoever. Catapults disappear, send you to other realms, dragging is imprecise and in general the abuse of the animation movement that can happen at any time is just ridiculous.I don't want to spend much effort into the XP as it's just a gimmick, but it's funny to see how they fixed THAT particular thing that offers nothing new in the gameplay experience at all.I haven't talked about the spawnbug, but it happens... ALL the time. Players don't spawn anymore from one team and the Pings start to skyrocket. The only way is for an admin to force win or mapvote. This has been happening so many times and it's still, not, fixed, after ALL the updates in the mean time.One of the most terrible things in Chiv is the chase system where you gain over 4 times as much speed as your opponent you're chasing to prevent endless cat and mouse. However, it's SO fast it's literally baffling. I have literally seen admins KICK players because they thought they were speedhacking, while they were simply being speed up by the game... Unbelievable. You sometimes see an enemy well out of range that faces you from the FRONT, and OFTEN (not sometimes, not occasionally, but very OFTEN) the game just dupes like always and SPEEDS HIM UP. IN FRONT OF YOU. WTF. This problem has been known forever, never fixed so far.Lastly, the performance. The performance is (except for LODS) inexistant. The larger the new community maps become, the worse the performance. One big bubble of rendering all mashed together and hoping for the best.... It's what makes battle sometimes impossible. I'm running a rig that should run Chiv with ease. Crysis 1 runs almost twice as good as chiv. On top of that, the game has become a product for DLC. I appreciate the community made content and the extra stuff, and I WAS glad to support chivalry, but these updates from the last months are nothing but updates to milk out of the game. Literally, I saw update reasons listed that represented fixes for most of the maps, and NOTHING was changed. It was coördinated with the release of new DLC coupled with free weekend to make sure they could get as much as possible, without fixing any of the massively gamebreaking bugs.The way I see it, the image of TornBanner I had when I watched their videos at the start of release and when I followed before release, it was amazing. I felt as if TornBanner was one of the rarer companies who really cared about the player base and what we wanted. I was so happy at one point that community made content would arise and would reward everyone, but I would never have though the game would still be slumbering in day-1 problems in addition to the extra problems added with each and every update. It's breaking, it's collapsing under the chaos in their code, and each new adaption just kills the game more. I thought I could go through it, but essentially, this is the line. THIS version of Chiv, I cannot recommend.Rewind time 1 year and a half back, and we will meet again. As it stands now, move onto more optimised games that offer you a reliable experience without crashes, go to games that when you enter the game, at least you know what's going to happen. Not like in Chiv now."
76561198085114748,Not Recommended,219640,17631085,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Der_Komissar,"I admit it; I have spent way, WAY more time on this game than I should have.  It has its upsides, but the downsides are many, and considerable.First, the positive.  The Team Objective maps (the original ones at least, especially Stones Hill and Dark Forest) are nice.  The fact that it's not about your K/D score makes these maps fun.  In fact, the original TO maps are the only reason I played for so long, there were just that good.  The character customization is good and there's a fair bit of variety to be had (for a price...).  Finally, the ability to hack limbs and heads off of people and to slaughter peasants is always rather cathartic.Unfortunately, none of that can hide the fact that this game has some serious, serious flaws.  The maps have places were people can get stuck, sometimes permanently and only the F10 ""Suicide"" key can get you out.  You always dont just bounce off of objects either, you are completely stopped.  This is fine for things like walls and trees and the like, but things like small boulders that you'd think you'd just run over do this as well.  It is very annoying to be charging at an enemy and all of a sudden get stopped by a knee-high log or something.The mechanics are what absolutely destroys this game.   You raise your weapon or shield to properly block (looking at the point of the weapon, just like they say in the tutorial) and, somehow, you get hit anyways.  Nothing is more frustrating than to raise your tower shield and somehow get hit.  Mostly this is because the hit boxes are not very accurate, with some being disproportionately large and others smaller.  Many times I've seen or had weapons go through a person's model and no damage be recorded.  Worse are those that exploit the swing mechanics, that spin and bend and look for all the world they are going through a seizure.Scenario balancing is also something that is very wonky.  Some, like Battlefield or Stones Hill, are very well balanced or at most slightly weighted to attacker or defender and doesn't impact the experience.  Others though, like Coldfront, are so dramatically skewed that it's almost unwinnable on one side.  On Coldfront, for instance, I have only seen the defenders win a total of three times in all the hours I've played.Support is almost totally non-existant.  For every patch that Torn Banner puts out, virtually none of them have addressed the major flaws.  They have also stopped development on the game and focused on purely tweaking minor details.  I liken it to putting a band aid on a cut finger while ignoring the sucking chest wound.Pricing is another matter.  This game is just not worth the $25 they ask for.  Now that being said, Chiv features prominently on Midweek Madness sales and the big Mid-Summer and -Winter sales for as low as $5, which is a perfect price for this game (and at which price I bought it during 2014's Mid-Summer sale). That being said, if you want to have access to some of the helmet variants as well as new weapon models, you have to pay for all of that.  Sometimes those models are as expensive or even more than the game itself when it's on sale.Finally, the community is one of the worst I have ever encountered.  Trolls, hackers, and scrubs inhabit every single server of Chiv, and it's nearly enough to make you try and track down the offenders in order to give them the throat punch they so justly deserve.  It's enough that it makes the worst offenders on Team Fortress 2 look like little angels.  Yes, that's how bad it is.At one time I did enjoy this game.  At one time, I could have recommended this game.  I now find I can't do either."
,Not Recommended,219640,30474518,Posted: 12 March,all,Smythe,"It's fun until you reach level 16, in which 20 different people spinning around in circles at mach 10 cut your♥♥♥♥♥♥off by leaning backwards while flying at you and calling you bad at the game for not also turning into a sexually confused ballerina."
76561198112268150,Not Recommended,219640,18556609,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,DetectiveExtraordinaire,"Almost 50 hours isn't much, but enough to make a proper judgement. So, let's go.I love the game. It really is fantastic. I love the weapons, the classes, the objectives, the tension, the duels, etc. Ok, if I love all these aspects, why do I not recommend this game? Let me tell you why.Reason 1 :No such thing as fair-play in this game. Yes, I get it. It's a teams game. But there's a significant difference between team playing and ganging up on someone. (Really, 5 VS 1 isn't fun at all. And it happens constantly).Reason 2 :Animation exploits. I've read about it in other negative reviews and thought to myself ""Hey, it can't be that bad.""  Well, sadly. It is that bad. High-ranked and experienced players have mastered this exploit, which makes it impossible for a new player to even stand a chance against them in a fight. This leads new players to quickly abandon the game an uninstall it. Which in the end, destroys the game as a whole, since no new players arrive. I myself, have encountered such exploiters and couldn't even land a hit on them, which resulted in me dying in a single hit. Apparently this has been an issue for a long while, and yet the developers have done nothing about it. How to recognize an exploiter? If you see a character flying and spinning around like a balerrina with a giant sword or a giant hammer and then you die for no apparent reason, then you know you've encountered an exploiter.Reason 3 :The game's community. Oh dear lord. I've played many multiplayer games and never before have I encountered such a toxic community. You literally can't say a word during a match. Say the wrong thing or attack the server's favorite player and you get kicked. Defeat the best player in a fight, and immediately a vote for kicking you appears on your screen. Furthermore, try pointing out or adressing a problem with the game's mechanics, you will be either ignored or laughed at. Complaining about / pointing out obvious exploits of the game's flawed animations will result in calling you a noob, a whiny ♥♥♥♥♥ or a crying little♥♥♥♥♥That's it. That's the three major issues with the game. Don't get me wrong. Sometims you get lucky and find a decent match and then you can have plenty of fun. But most of the time, like really, most of the time, you encounter people which I have described above."
,Recommended,219640,12697625,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Bleede0548,"This Review(TL;DR at bottom)So, I'm beginning this review to help potential buyers decide whether they want this game. This review will track my progress as I log more and more hours into the game as it stands (as per this edit) I'm at23 hours, that's just under one full day of gaming. At the end of this review, I'll try to break down pro's and con's of the game and look a little more in-depth at what the game has to offer.Level 1Starting the game, you'll notice the lack of single-player options - and right you are. This game is based around purely multiplayer midieval combat. So lets start our first game. Picking a server is easy at a lower level, those highlighted in green arelow-rankservers, that means players level 0 to 15. These servers generally have a high population, and cycle through the game modes.When you (or I, in this case) pick a server, you'll be able to see the current gamemode as well as current/limit players. I started with a low-pop Team Deathmatch game with 16 total players. When I hopped into the game, it was about halfway through, and as the teams were even, I got to pick a side (Agatha Knights or Mason Order). Now, these teams don't really matter all that much later on, no one will shun you for picking one over the other, but in my case I chose the Mason Order (Favorite color is Red). From there, there are four different classes.ClassesArcher - Light, ranged troops. Beginner weapons are Longbow, Dagger, Crossbow, and Javelin (with optional sheild)Man at Arms - Light, fast troops with low armor. Beginner weapons are Sword, Axe, Mace, and Quarter Staff. (Can also dodge)Vanguard - Heavy armored troops with increadable damage and reach, beginner weapons are Greatsword, Poleaxe, Spear, and Hammer. (Can perform a charge attack)Knight - Tank character with increadable armor, but slow moving. Beginner weapons are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sword, Greataxe, Hammer, and Flail.So I hopped in as an archer, and immediately regretted my decision. Team deathmatch is almost squadbased, with groups of 3 or 4 charging at once, and everyone seems to have a general hatred towards archers. So, I died. A lot. Eventually I switched to a Man at Arms with the beginner shortsword. The speed was amazing, and I managed my first kill before dying. The game appeared ruthless to me, with wave after wave of enemies ready to stab me in the back - or throw something into my lower♥♥♥♥♥♥area. But it was fun, decapitating the few I could. By the end game, I had 5 kills and 13 deaths - but the five I killed were well worth it.Levels 1-15Game after game, I was killed. Repetitavely. But, I got better. Learned how to be more aware of my situation. Learned the different swings, and when to block/kick. By the time I was level ten, I could hold my own - and had even won a few 1v4 fights. My friends then got the game on sale - and let me tell you, when your friends are playing, the fun increases exponentially. Between level ten and fifteen I had my best games, including my very best being 43 kills and 3 deaths (Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥. And the best part, I was progressing. I unlocked equipment, weapons. I learned when to use specific classes. I memorized the maps and knew my strategy. I went from absolutely terrible to a force to be reckoned with.Levels 15 and onI just reached level 16. But it's far from over. I have many more weapons I want to unlock, and many more kills I wish to obtain. I do like this game, a lot. Even the deadliest warrior portion - though it is significantly more buggy.Pros and ConsConsPrice - At $21.99 CAD, the price is a little steep. I'm glad my buddies got it on sale for $8.00Hit boxes - They are getting better, but they're not great. Sometimes you get clipped for seemingly no reason at all.Game stuttering - even surpassing the recommended requirements by a mile, I still get stuttering.ProsHours of Fun - The game is awesome. A great community and many different playstylesVisuals - It's very pretty to look at, and ALMOST feels like real battleGamemodes - Versitile game modes, including TDM, FFA, Team objective, and DuelGeneral RatingsVisuals - 8/10Combat - 6/10Control Response - 8/10Community - 8/10Gameplay - 9/10"
76561198093600620,Not Recommended,219640,28414567,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,yerroc00,"This is a fun game untill you get to level 15 and it kicks you out of the starter servers, then you play with absolute cancer. Basicaly you end up fighting people who spin in circles on max sensitivity and swing, or turn away from you, crouch and look up while doing a downward swing, so that the swing that normaly starts at the top is now morphing its way through the ground to one hit you. It's not hard to do good in this, it's just not fun at all.Oh yeah and if you want to customize other than switching colors around or one free hat per class, you are going have to take out your wallet. The animations are rigid with arms that apear farther back from the screen than they should be. Graphics in this game are meh. One last thing is that the servers in this game suck and the multiplayer suffers from lag spikes."
,Not Recommended,219640,16057077,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Fish,"Haven't played this game in half a year, but I have to speak up lest some poor sap get suckered in during the sale.Chivalry was incredibly fun two years ago before all the exploits in the system were discovered, but they quickly became the metagame once they were mastered. Instantaneous overheads, feinting at no stamina cost, the ridiculous range of mouse dragging, all of this contributed to the game in its current (read: current as of half a year ago when I last gave it a chance) state. If running around in circles making noncommittal dives at someone until finally making a timid landing while moving erratically with your mouse is an experience you feel is worth five dollars, go for it. But be sure to avoid sticky papers and bright lights leading to zappers, because you're probably a house fly if that appeals to you."
76561197989177352,Not Recommended,219640,23315563,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Chevalier Bayard,"Best game ever. 100% fun. Can't get tired of it.That is, IF TORN BANNER (the devs) FINALLY DECIDES TO FIX THE BLOODY SPINNING GLITCHY ATTACKS (the reverse overheads, rainbows and silly things like that).No medieval swordsman ever 360° spinned attack while crouching. Unless he wanted to die quickly.I will pass my review in a ""I recommend"" status as soon as it gets fixed.But man I love this game, and it kills me to see that it is still not properly fixed."
,Recommended,219640,1669695,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Humanista,"Worth every penny. Each time my swords decapitates someone is a personal victory.I just wish it wasn't so addictive...This game has a relatively easy learning curve, first few hours will be hard as war always is, in a few weeks you might just grasp the basics to survive.In a few months you might begin to take pleasure in violent actions and blood, blood everywhere, as a word of advice: try not to get too greedy.And always seek to fight bigger, stronger foes than you as your path to greatness will be faster, easier and better in the long run."
,Not Recommended,219640,23772358,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nightmist,"Chivalry is actually really enjoyable when you first start playing. After a certain point, however, you realize that the game is broken beyond reason. When you pass level 15, you are no longer able to play in low level servers. It means you'll be stuck with 1500 hour tryhards who utilize from every possible broken mechanic, glitch, bug and exploit in the game to dominate you. Apparently, instead of fixing their game, the developers have decided to ""include"" everything broken in their game as part of its ""core mechanics"". Because they are too busy developing another equally broken sequel/spin-off. They are still updating the game regularly, however, the patches usually contain community made cosmetic skins, which are sold by real money. Not much bugfixing, not the most important stuff.What's worse is that the game has one of the most toxic communities I have ever seen. Whenever you try to point out the game's flaws, you are mocked. You are insulted. They tell you to ""git gud"" at exploiting or stop playing. You are teamkilled by cancerous trolls that never gets votekicked, and in retaliation, start a votekick against you and usually succeed.Newer players realize these problems and stop playing the game sooner or later. So, the servers are full of these glitchw***ing ""experts"" who competes in their own p*ssing contest about who exploits the best. Since the game doesn't give you a ""casual player"" space, you'll be stuck in this mess until your growing mental illness prevents you from gaming, or you die of cancer.If you buy this game, there are only 2 outcomes:1. You'll hate its guts and regret paying even a single dollar for it. You'll most likely uninstall it and never look back.2. You'll bite and become a glitchmongering cancerous ballerina yourself. You will look down on every reasonable person who realize that this game is a broken, pathetic piece of human feces. You will masturbate on other people's misery."
76561198003020603,Not Recommended,219640,19357512,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Heiga,"I thought I was playing a medieval fighter; I was having fun swordfighting and throwing pebbles, but after playing with some high levels, I realized this was no medieval fighter, it was merely a spinning simulator."
76561197972335465,Not Recommended,219640,26711951,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Buzzkill,"The terms you'll need to learn after level 15: dragging, rainbow (reverse overhead), feint/block combo.Before level 15, it was about timing and thinking ahead of your oppenent. After 15: there will be a player who is blocking 5 guys in a circle stabbing/clubbing/over-head striking him. He will be spinning in a circle and bending inside-out (and not using a shield). He won't die, even though those 5 other players blocked him in and are attacking the space the player occupies. Then he'll start swinging a 2 handed sword, and never stop swinging. I don't know if the dev team likes how people abuse the animation/stamina glitches. Either they can't fix them, or, they are leaving them intentionally.Oh, having your weapon glitch through someone and deal no damage is perfectly normal in this game. Also, when you know your weapon is out of range and you hit your oppenent anyway, perfectly normal too.Bought during a free weekend. Less than 3 days playing/owning: 4 hackers (2 speed, 1 flier, and 1 god mode), multiple scripters (dodge/block 5 mintue combo), even met a lag-switcher.tl:dr - A game that could have been the definitive medieval combat simulator, trips on explotation of combat mechanics and hackers. If you are looking for immersion in Medieval Warfare, pass. Spinning, jump-spin, spastic movements and ""laugh/taunt"" spamming will kill it. You want a hack-in-slash, anything to win game, ""guys, look at my over-headed swing the glitches through my legs if I look at the floor"" game? Buy it yesterday.Oh, and Steam achievements aren't working for me either."
76561197993407356,Not Recommended,219640,18619195,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Captain Camper,"This game has a really solid game engine and great performance in the original maps (terrible in the new maps). The feel of melee combat is awesome, with great sounds and fantastic animations. It looks great and plays great.The reason I don't recommend this is that when you get to a high enough skill level, the gameplay drops to a level of absurdity that involves confusing the game engine by contorting your character's body in all sorts of ways that are impossible in real life, to cause the side of your weapon's hitbox to collide with back of the enemy's exposed hitbox. I.e. turning your character 180 degrees while cutting straight down (or stabbing forward) with a very long two handed weapon, trying to make the flat of the blade (not the edge or tip) touch your opponent's back at the last second of the swing. Your character being off-balance and stumbling forward gives you a great range advantage when you can spin on your heels with the mouse to guide the already finished strike (but still active hitbox) into your enemy. This is just one of the styles to guide a vertical strike of any kind for a hit, and there are many other awkward and unnatural ways to make contact and kite with different weapons at top level play.I'd recommend this game for casuals since its fun when its casual vs casual, but then those casuals end up having to face the pros on the same server and don't have a prayer because of the abnormal weapon styles.The devs missed the mark with this one by a small margin, and hopefully a sequel to this game might be able to improve on some of the failures from the ground up with new code."
76561198036126375,Not Recommended,219640,17885821,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,⎠ That_Raider_✘αᏉier⎠,"Game is good, community is toxic.Kill an enemy, but your dumb team mate charge at him, so you end up hurting him. Get ready for an instant kick.Dumb team mates swiging their sword everywhere after the enemy is already dead and hits you, no one bats an eye.You got a kill and your ping so happens to be high for a few seconds? Get ready to get kick for high ping, despite fixing it.You wana play the game the way its ment to be played? Well prepared for constant team kills for the ""lawls"" and get ready for people abusing the crap out of the mechanics in order to one or two shot you with their weapon. Such as spining around like ballerinas, while swinging their sword everywhere. People would face you and than instantly turn around than crouch to hit, by swiging the sword upwards. IT starst by hiting your feet and it goes up to your torso and can one shot you.Just google ""medevil warefare: Rainbow""  its the name of the move that no man uses irl, but is used in this game to exploit the mechanics.On top of trolls, once you are no longer allowed in the noob servers (noob servers only allow level 10 or 15 and lower, if i remember correctly) you'll be getting♥♥♥♥♥rape in ever other server. You'll be like level 16, facing a whole team of level 40s and 50s. ITs just not fair. There really needs to be some level balacning system, where you can pair up with your own rank, or at least not someone who is double your rank."
76561198062139190,Not Recommended,219640,16047984,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,IronGiant,Awesome. A game with one of the worst broken and exploitable combat mechanics where the devs are too lazy to fix but wont hezetate to make you pay for some texture of a weapon. But no they wont fix it. Scumbags they are.
,Not Recommended,219640,27830885,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ebeli,"Chivalry has (had?) fantastic combat mechanics, excellent controls, and near endless potential for skill development, but it suffers from huge fundamental flaws that prevent it from reaching its true potential as a competitive game.Torn Banner studios are a lousy developer that completely abandoned the extremely dedicated pro/comp. scene and now only update the game to add cosmetic skins that tend to either destroy the once tight visual aesthetic of the game, or create issues with readability that detract from the overall experience. They also continue to ignore the myriad of existing bugs and half baked systems that desperately need to be polished further to avoid the game feeling/looking ridiculously clunky and unappealing.It also has one of the most polarized in-game communities that I have ever experienced. Due to how easy it is to abuse the votekick system, you will unquestionably get votekicked from servers for any feasible reason under the sun, as well as have to deal with a lot of spiteful players who will make your experience completely miserable, purely because they dislike your playstyle or your use of certain techniques that they've banned in their own personal rulebooks.4 years on from release and I honestly can't recommend this game to anyone. The VAST majority of new players will not survive amongst the dregs of the existing playerbase purely because of how unlikely it is to find a veteran player who will teach you the neccessary advanced techniques that will allow you to hold your own against the rest of the community. Even more unlikely than that is finding a sparring partner around your own skill level who'll duel with you for the HUNDREDS of hours you'll need to dedicate if you want to actually perfect all of those techniques.Chivalry was an amazing game in its prime, and I think many who played it obsessively held on and kept playing long after those days were over, maybe with some kind of desperate, naive hope that the game might actually improve instead of degrade further and further into the state it's in now. If you're genuinely interested in Chivalry and you're contemplating buying it this late into its lifespan, then I'd recommend instead searching up some montages on Youtube (I reccommend ""Moonriser"" by Spook) and save your god damn money. There's nothing here for you now."
,Not Recommended,219640,18139792,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dominant Chris,"You were the chosen one!It was said that you would update the game not destory it!Bring balance to the hitboxes, not leave it in darkness!"
76561198121064824,Recommended,219640,13118491,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SilverBack,10/10 VoteKick simulator 2014
76561198141292107,Recommended,219640,12689244,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Botsbro,I shot my friend in the balls with a crossbow.
,Recommended,219640,7801802,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Vladimir Yurkov,"Chivalry, a short but powerful name for a game. But what exactly is it and what can you expect from it? I'll tell you all about it while I split up every element in its own section so its easier to read.Gameplay:Chivalry is a Multiplayer First Person Melee game. When I say Melee then I actually mean that you'll get to fight with swords, axes, polearms, clubs and much much more. This game is pretty fast paced once it comes to close combat. There is also the ability to use distance weapons such as bows, spears, crossbows and throwing weapons. The main objective of every game is kill, kill, kill some more, and kill everyone else. Objective game modes are also availible but ofcourse you'd need to kill a lot there too. You have a HP bar and a Stamina bar, HP ofcourse lowers if someone hits you. There are some rare occasions that you'll get one-hit but that takes lots of skill and luck. The stamina bar lowers with every swing or block that you do, once your stamina hits 0 then you'll be stunned for about 2 seconds and open to every attack. Stamina regenerates if you dont move at all, so does HP very slowly but that isnt really worth it. Other than that its just hit and block. There are 4 classes you can play with. Man-at-Arms who is a light fighter with low defense but generally faster and lighter hits and has the ability to dodge an attack if timed right. An Archer who mainly uses distance weapons who also deals double damage if he hits someone in the back. The Knight has the most armor and strength but is also the slowest in game thus fairly easy to hit. Vanguards have the most reach ingame with a decent amount of defense. They can build up a charging attack while running. The game is pretty easy to understand, but also quite frustrating, I'll get to that later.Gameplay rating: 4/5Story:There is a very small story, maybe 5 lines in total that you'll only get to see if you play the Tutorial, and it doesnt even covers everything. There is no Singleplayer mode whatsoever, only Multiplayer.Story rating: 1/5Graphics:The graphics of this game are based on the Unreal Engine 3. It also supports nVIDIA's PhysX feature and seems quite realistic. Pretty much every system of today will be able to run this game in atleast 50-60 fps. I've seen minor graphical glitches where the ragdoll body was all acting up, and shortly after the beta release there was also a cloud bug in the game but that got fixed very quickly. Other than that the graphics are still decent on this game, but nothing to bloat about.Graphics rating: 3/5Sound:The sounds are crystal clear and the voice messages are randomized in 5-8 messages for every option you choose or repeat. The music on the other hand is pretty repetative, I could only distinguish 3 different tracks that just loop over and over again. As far as I know there is no sound customization at all but seeing that they added the Steam Workshop a while back, it might change soon.Sound rating: 3/5Community:There is an ingame chat function where people can communicate. Usually not much will be said there except for some few insults and some rare compliments on occasions. Most of the time when you ask people something they might react positively depending on what server you'll be in. Next to that there is also a kick function, which is actually abused a lot by losing players who cant stand to be killed over and over. Like I said earier this game is pretty frustrating because you can die pretty quickly if you dont watch out, and usually end up raging or insulting people if you keep losing over and over.Community rating: 2/5Replay value:Since this is a multiplayer only game, you'll get the same gameplay over and over but just with different situations and/or maps. Generally it can be very fun to replay this game everytime you connect to a server and i've seen entire clans doing clan wars with eachother which can be great fun too. Replaying a lot of maps can be more positive than negative because you'll know the best spots and where to expect enemies.Replay rating: 4/5Overall:This game is loads of fun, but also quite frustrating. Especially if you have a short fuse. I find myself getting pretty angry at most times because of the players im up against but I always tend to come back and play this again after a few days. It's really been worth my money so far and there is an interesting DLC for this as well. I love replaying this game from time to time.Overall rating: 85/100Supported by Mowse talks games"
76561198091354982,Not Recommended,219640,29927944,Posted: 14 February,all,Pyrowillrapeyou. Sir Cumsalot,"Seeing exploiters and devs that announce that the creepy reversed swings and imposibile to block  moves are part of the game mechanics ruined this very good game.First hours playing on low ranks servers are amazing(not going to mention the stupid rank system) but after that...its just about fighting against desperate people learning every exploit and abuse of the engine.Not even watching you and pulling a overhead out of nowhere.Yes, ive learned those reversed moves.Yes i killed new players in low ranks servers.And im not proud of it.This game is ruined by the exploiters and uncaring devs."
76561198087827465,Recommended,219640,12702808,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Zamb,"Chivalry, the only game thats dictated by ""official"" server rules."
76561198090202746,Not Recommended,219640,29367526,Posted: 19 January,all,Fighting Machine,"TLDR: Good game, ruined by exploiting players, buy if you want something that'll last you about a week of non-stop play but not much moreI love Chiv. It's a great game. But it's only good for so long.See, the thing is, there's an enforced ranking system. The only servers on which rank actually matters on are the 0-15 servers, everything else is 'any'. Once you get past level 15, you're not allowed on the low-rank server (which are the most populous servers, coincidentally) and are forced to play on the 'any' servers.I mean no disrespect to Torn Banner, but the only people who regularly play Chiv to the point of gitting gud are exploiters. Not hackers, exploiters. The engine that handles the swordplay is highly abusable. Crouching and staring at the sky allows you to instantly throw an overhand swing. The same goes for crouching and staring at the ground. There are many more that're worth listing, but this review is already dragging on.It's a hell of a lot of fun while it lasts. Fair fights feel like you're actually there, actually in the boots of your character, actually swinging your actual sword.After ranking up, it feels like a game of 'who can break the engine faster'. I don't like that game."
,Recommended,219640,15141009,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,int | Alice,"Pretty awesome.You know those shows where the one skilled swordsman kills enemy after enemy, taking on three at a time and skillfully dancing between them, eventually coming out on top? You can be that person in this game. If, that is, you're willing to practice enough.Due to the up-close-and-personal nature, dying will make you rage. You will blame anything but yourself - Lag, hacks, exploits, feints, whatever. It's okay, just xx2 (laugh command), take a break and come back tomorrow. Keep a cool head and observe why that person is killing you. Eventually you'll be able to take them down.Parts of the community can be bad. Lots of veteran players are on a power trip and will treat you like dirt if you're a noob. On the other hand, once you get good you'll get kicked out of servers because the new players get mad at being killed over and over. The combat in chivalry seems to bring out the worst in us.That said, there's plenty of cool people out there. If you stay cool and be nice, many people will realize how much of an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ they're being and apologize. The rest you can just ignore, git gud and take revenge on. I've met some good friends on chivalry who I talk to regularly."
76561198066109328,Not Recommended,219640,23257352,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Nikolai Ludovik,"It was good in 2013-2014.But since 2015 many have begun to use methods to manipulate the swinging system. (reverse overheads, aka rainbows ; literally spins to do accelerated drags which make absolutely no sense in any way, and so on.) Some moves (drags) make some sense, and don't look like someone is literally just dancing with a messer, between 3 people, decapidating each one of them, with one move, while abusing the stupid animations.I didn't want this game to be fully realistic, but some semi-realistic aspects and some fixes for this poorly designes system would've been welcomed. But, it was too late. They now moved on their next game, and will probably abandoned this one soon.Like one once said:Game style: Not F2P, not P2W, but S2WSpin to Win.   180/360Edit: for those who want another game that has the potential of crushing chivalry, should check Mordhau. Please do. You will not regret that."
76561198111376177,Not Recommended,219640,30422845,Posted: 10 March,all,Rynard,Ballerina Simulator 1450 A.D
,Recommended,219640,12887091,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"CHAAAAAARGE!!!...RUN AWAAAAAYY!!!This game is a class on its own. Extremely playable at all levels, superb original and resonant, fun, and... let's say that it keeps raising the technical quality and diversity consistently over two years, that's fair enough. Anyway, this is the Holy Grail of medieval competitive gaming, the only one you'll probably ever need. Unless (until?) they do a sequel, that is.I'm proud to suck at it. Bring the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch!"
,Recommended,219640,25644544,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Sinx,"When entering battle, you see/experience three kinds of people: 1. The friendlies. 2. The battle legends. 3. The newbies.So basically a Monty Python simulator, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,21282918,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,-AWAY AT BOOTCAMP-,The game is dying at a rapid pace. I don't expect it to be alive by 2017. With Mordhau coming soon I'd wait for that. This game is a beast of it's own but the glory days are behind it; the community it is left with is nothing short of terrible. The developers only add skins now and don't care for the game. Exploits in this game don't get patched anymore. Just wait for Mordhau honestly.
76561197991320962,Not Recommended,219640,18990512,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Sevo,best helicopter simulator ever madehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1A2RIWpm18
,Not Recommended,219640,26412213,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Trans-trans-pacific pipeline,"This is a great game.  I love this game.  However, at rank 15 you get kicked out of the official servers and have to battle ballerinas.  Ballerinas are the scum of the earth and you never win unless you play to the games combat mechanics and become a ballerina.  Then you become the scum of the earth.  But the first 15 ranks are great.  Good game ruined by people who only want to win.  Devs if you see this open up lobbies where they are official lobbies with no level caps and you implement bans on people who are ballerinas.  I really want to be able to play this game again, but it is just impossible being one hit by knights spinning in circles.  Clean this♥♥♥♥♥♥up.EDIT:Clearly some of you think that the game is made to be played as a ballerina.  Thats like saying cod was made for quick-scoping.  Just because you can do it to win does not mean you should.  I play certain games for certain reasons.  I play CS:GO to interact with people, Fallout 3 to imagine I'm a hero.  I played Chivalry to feel like a knight.  Video games are an escape from reality into another world that we can all enjoy together.  However, some people want to twist this world.  Increasing your mouse sensitivity and practicing dance moves is a waste of time.  ""Git gud"".  How about you get a life and learn that video games aren't what validates you.  If you want to practice for hours on this how about you learn another language, or do something productive?  *Loses train of thought*.  But anyways, I want people to be able to escape to this game, and no one can escape to a place where they get destroyed by some pleb focused only on winning.  There are so many people that played this game and stopped because of the ballerinas or as you plebs call it ""a learning curve.""  But who cares if over 90% of the player base leaves this game due to the ballerinas?  ♥♥♥♥ 'em, right?  ""Git gud"""
76561198110647731,Not Recommended,219640,13402496,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Warwolf Red 4-6,"The game is nice, but not for those who live in South East Asia. Ever since I've bought the game, I've been struggling to find servers in this region, if you are an expat like me or living in this region I highly reccommend you don't buy it. The only availabe servers are in the US and the ping is too high, there are some Japanese servers and you will probably get kicked for having a ping of 100-150, there are some servers based in Singapore but they are usually empy. Think twice and save your money."
,Recommended,219640,32673213,Posted: 23 June,all,Kroiver,"Coolest ""WAAAAARGH"" simulator. Too bad balance is off, due to the devs refusing to fix some nasty bugs/exploits. And it's pretty old, so expect to face no-lifers with 1000+ hrs to decimate you on sight."
,Recommended,219640,12405280,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Imparat0r,"I bought it for 5 euros at a Steam sale, wasnt expecting much. Just bought it because I love hack and slash games and this one seemed a bit fun. First thing you'll notice when you start playing is the amazing voice acting. Its not just amazing its hilarious as well. Everyone is screaming and it just drags you in.Lots of people play it, there are plenty of servers and game modes.I'd recommend it to anyone who likes hack n slash games and also wants to have a good time.Laughing guaranteed 100%"
76561198237738450,Not Recommended,219640,29412566,Posted: 21 January,all,Destino,once you reach beyond 15. this game goes to complete sh*t. lvl 50s and 60s. ruin this game with servers filled with people abusing the exploits with the combat. Good to play till Lvl 15 but after prepare to get f*cked by people who live and breathe this game.
,Recommended,219640,12579705,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Strawbri,"Just wait for the first time you get impaled because you accidently hit the battle cry button and can do nothing but throw your arms up and scream ""FOR AGATHA!"" while a Mason knight is coming at you. It'll be the first of many."
,Not Recommended,219640,26103407,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,MonkeyXing,"It's a pretty fun game but there are three main flaws that can ruin the entire experience. The first two flaws have basically been confirmed by the devs as game features so they probably won't be removed. You'll most likely enjoy the game if you can ignore these flaws. If you can't, it's going to suck.Flaw number 1: the combat gets really counter intuitive. At the lower levels, you see a lot of people fighting how you'd expect two medieval dudes to fight. Both face each other exchanging blows while attempting to parry and aiming for weak spots. Slightly up the ladder of skill, you see people doing what is called dragging. A swing will follow the camera of the swinger so people will drag their mouse into their attack to speed it up or away from their attack to slow it down. This often causes the opponant to parry at the wrong time so it's used quite a bit. The speed is capped so there aren't any beyblade fighters. Just thought I'd be clear about that. This is all pretty intuitive and makes sense for the most part. It's stops being intuitive once you run into the ballerinas. Ballerinas are players who abuse the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of dragging with slow weapons. They'll start the attack looking away from you and flail around in order to hit you. They often spin around in circles which gave them the name. This would be fine if the animation looked decent. it instead just looks like they are glitching out which leads a lot of players to believe they are hacking. You can counter it but it takes some time. It's annoying and it drives a ton of players out of the game. There is no use complaining about it on the steam forums. The mods there will just call you bad and say this garbage tactic is a legit strategy despite it looking like a laggy glitchfest. The only good news I can provide is that not everyone uses it so just throw all of your hatchets/knives at those who do.Flaw number 2: Archers are pretty OP. In a game of melee combat, you have high damage archers who can one hit kill you from the safety of their spawn. The archer class can also be deadly in duels if you actually manage to get close enough. They have a slight disadvantage as they are slow and don't have much/any armor but they can still fight just fine. Most archers that you will run into will be complete garbage. Most don't bother trying to melee fight and can't hit the broad side of a barn. Issue is, they are balanced for these people. They deal a ton of damage because they aren't balanced for people who can aim. Once you find someone who can aim and duel, the only solution is to hide behind a shield or leave.Flaw 3: Hit reg is pretty terrible. A lot of times, you'll see an enemy blade go straight through you but you take no damage. You will have several moments where you are pretty certain that you cut straight through some other guy. You will find youself saying ""Well that should have been a block"" several times. The hit detection is just bad at times.Update: More flaws? Why not! The kick key just doesn't work at times. I'll have enough stamina and I'm using a keyboard that works but the game goes ""nah, you didn't kick"". Rebound it. Still doesn't want to work when it's supposed to. Suicide key doesn't want to work half the time. Not sure why. Just have to spam it until I eventually die or suicide rush the enemy with fists. Pretty disapointed with this game."
,Recommended,219640,12515852,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,liamro,You can punch someones head until it explodes 10/10
76561198045188494,Not Recommended,219640,28422070,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,-LOST-Owens.X,"I would give this game a good review if it wasn't for the large amount of people glitching and exploiting the game. You can find people on here that you will have a decent fight with, and enjoy winning it or losing it because it was fair and challenging... BUT there are those who can't take losing and result into glitching, hacking or even exploiting the game's animations and mechanics just to be top of the lobby. It seems that a large majority of remaining players have taken up one or more of these and it leaves the rest of the player base having to play matchs trying to avoid these people.If I could play the game without these people glitching, hacking or even exploiting I would give it a good review. Good until level 15 where you get thrown in with these people."
,Not Recommended,219640,30564353,Posted: 17 March,all,[BL] marLeo,"TL;DR:This game isn't a combat sim. It's arcade all the way with totally unrealistic combat mechanics, abused by veteran players to destroy the lower skilled opposition. The small playerbase it still has is mostly very toxic and/or arrogant.-I've played the game up to level 46 and got all achievements for it. So I've seen a fair share of it.When the game was released it was very good. Fun and challenging to play, while still somewhat fair and with very few if any toxic players.Then one day came the infamous patch or simply known as 'The Patch'. It made the game less challenging, more friendly to newbies and introduced some awkward game mechanics that changed a lot about how the game was played. The patch also killed the competitive clan scene over night and led to the demise of the average player base. With it dwindling, the remaining playerbase became more toxic, more trolling and more abusive. Cheating was also a big problem since the game has no anti cheat whatsoever.Over time a small group of veteran players figured out ways to cheese the combat and movement system of the game to a degree that makes them almost untouchable while still allowing them to hit their opponent within milliseconds with killing blows of the largest and theoretically slowest weapons. The are other mechanics as well that allow them to stab over and around shields or make their attacks unblockable. The dodging mechanic of the 'Man at arms' class is another stupid thing. Also the perceived reach of weapons doesn't match their actual reach. Often you'll get hit by strikes you thought are to far away, with the weapon not reaching you at all. That might be due to bad netcoding or simply due to bad design.That's why the game stops being fun once you can't enter the newbie servers anymore after level 15.Then you'll have the choice to stop playing completely or to put in a ridiculous amount of time into a basically dead game to get to a skill level to stand an acceptable fighting chance against the veterans.The sad thing is that the developers of the game never cared about this and degraded the game to what it is today against all advice of it's early veteran players. The only things they changed and added to the game were basically paid DLC's for different kinds of weapon or armor models.The price of the game also hasn't dropped since it's release over four years ago. Though it goes on sale regularly. So if you're considering a purchase of this game, which I do not recommend, wait for a -75% or more sale of this. It's definitely not worth its full price tag."
,Not Recommended,219640,19918878,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,chroncile,"Great concept, poor execution. The majority of your deaths will be from ""skilled"" players twisting their bodies in impossible ways to get a ridiculous kill that would seem to belong in a comedy show. Like an enemy suddenly turning their backs towards you and doing the limbo while swinging overhead. Or doing a spin while contorting their bodies in a way that should disembowel them and looking up to the stars as if they're pondering the meaning of life only to spin again and stab you."
76561197999163791,Not Recommended,219640,30428318,Posted: 10 March,all,m1a1cavalryman,"There is a lot of potential here, but for me the experience is ruined by all the exploits.Pirouetting swordsmen, drag attacks, being able to beat armed and armored opponants to death with your fists?  There is no sense of realism."
,Recommended,219640,30233673,Posted: 27 February,all,Tintoula,"Since I reached level sixteenI haven't made a single killBe a vanguard, never chillBorn to charge and teamkillVanguard, VanguardHe can beatAny knight on any teamVanguard, VanguardHas a planBrandistock and claymore spamI wear my pink helm very tightPlease the archers every nightI collect their every headAnd a few from teammatesVanguard, VanguardHe can beatAny knight on any teamVanguard, VanguardHas a planBrandistock and claymore spamVanguard, vanguard never diesFeels no pain, never criesVanguard you get all the killsBig, big swords and archer slavesWas never toxic, had low pingSimply pressed the L-M-BI just charge into the fieldNo objective in my headVanguard, vanguard, this is sadLevel 60, still won't feintVanguard, vanguard, joins a clanBrandistock, backpeddle, spamVanguard, vanguard, what a prickKilled his own team in a scrimVanguard, vanguard, boy he's deadFrom his own reverse overhead"
76561198018647806,Not Recommended,219640,17463689,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Fuzzy,the community is pure cancer
,Not Recommended,219640,20770969,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Frenick,">Joins game for first time-""Aw yea! Time to chop some limbs off! Gunna be so fun!"">Sees people spinning around chopping people-""Uh... Is this some type of modded server or just lag?"">Engages combat for the first time-""Aw ye! Your heads going on my banner first!"">Opponent spins around, I strike his head, but somehow he blocks it from behind, does some dancing technique and kills me-""I think I'll find a new server..."">Joins new server>Repeats.Combat system is ridiculous, hitboxes are, well, decent...Some of the community is HORRIBLE, I see high level players votekicking low er level players or teaming up on them..People whine because people use feinting, sure its a cheap tactic, but its a game mechanic..When I first got the game back in around 2013, I quite enjoyed the game! I was sharpening skills with bots then going to multiplayer and had a blast dueling people and have a nice chat with them! Best of all! No dancing knights!Now, well.. ehhh.. Dancing knights, really the only chat in the actual chat is""feinting scrub!""""stfu! feinting is a game mechanic anyways""""Wow, lol, this noob cant even do a rainbow, Hah! Imbecile""You better enjoy your time from level 0-15 before it reaches the point of elitists.Game is, good, yet could be MUCH MUCH better, community is horrible.R.I.P Chivalry (beyblade simulator)"
,Not Recommended,219640,14945317,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Dendi Defendi 💯💯💯😂,"Really bad community. Game is okay, but the people are terrible. Not even with the 5 dollars on sale."
,Not Recommended,219640,30363464,Posted: 6 March,all,Wild Bullfango Of The West,"Two years ago, this game looked like it was good but it was the worst melee game out there.Two years (or more) pass, this game looks like it will be good but it IS the worst melee game out there.Some things just don't change at all, it's the same ♥♥♥♥ but painted differently (or more specifically, ♥♥♥♥ out differently)Want the worst in a laconic manner?- ""High-rankers"", also known as ""Ballerinas"". The average/veteran player of Chivalry. They will do their best to beat you by using glitches and especially exploits.- ""Pro Tactics"", another gameplay 'feature'. If you really want to be good in this game, you must learn to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who uses glitches and exploits.- ""Over-realism"". Teamkill is so common yet people are not adapt of it yet, so expect killing some teammate even if he was FAR AWAY with just the very tip of your Morning Star, which should deal less than 5 HP or so yet it does full.Want more details?- ""High-rankers"", who are properly nicknamed ""Ballerinas"". These little insecure boys or big secure adults will try their best to ♥♥♥♥ you off and break your fun by using ""pro tactics"", that's an euphenysm for using glitches and exploits.Obviously, if you're experienced with multiplayer games, losers like these are common.Except in Chivalry, the entire population is made of them.- ""Pro Tactics"". The only way you can, let me quote the losers, ""git gud"" with Chivalry is to ""git gud"".Translated to our Badass language; you have to be a complete feckin' annoying moron who just swings crap from the side and does backwards attacks while going backwards.Translate to another language, probably scientific or just common; you have to rely on glitches and exploits to beat the game. There's no such thing such as ""Dirty Tactics"", these exist in Chivalry only if you're a low-rank, but then you'll get into the beauty (pure sarcasm) that is ""exploiting and glitching"".It's not normal how you can crouch backwards and then do an overhead attack hitting every one around you. Worse yet, how about you do a swing to the left then move yourself to the left? Apparently, the animation shows that it doesn't really do a ""strong hit"", it's so slow not even a door can fully open that way, yet the tip ALWAYS hits your head and it explodes. Funny, huh? It is, but sadly that joke gets old fast.- ""Over-realism"". For some strange reason, the game decided to be OVERLY realistic. And you can easily see that with the Teamkill. It seems that nearly all servers have teamkill enabled by default, so this is a default feature in Chivalry.I understand it's realistic and all, but the teamkill in Chivalry is easily abused. You can experience it yourself, a high-rank killing a low-rank. Happens EVERY time and I'm not exaggerating.It's not even the Ballerinas' sole fault, the developers wanted to make it so the team damage is always 100%. Worse yet, even an accidental teamkill will get your ♥♥♥♥ kicked just fine. As I said, the 'tip' can kill you just fine.The intention of this game looked good, a true melee game where you had some good freedom of how to use your weapons, each weapon was unique as well, so a mace against a sword IS a difference and not just in damage.If you don't know, here's an example; Maces were fit to break into heavy armour. In this game, who's got heavy armour? The Knight. So using a mace (any Blunt will do, actually) against him would be best.Great feature that the developers didn't even care at all on improving it further, because it CAN be improved.This game is only fun until you reach a high-rank, even 15 is enough. Then, you'll get into servers where there's no control, so you can fight against newbies, veterans and ballerinas.And hey, I must mention that back in 2014 around there, this crap had an update that added an in-game store. It was all decorations, sure, but it was still there. You HAVE to buy it. (By that I mean that you can't get decorations any other way, you must pay to be pretty)Most of them cost more than 5 euros, even just a highly-decorated gold helmet.Just because they're purely decorations, it doesn't make it be worse than any other in-game store, it's JUST AS BAD.The game is NOT worth buying and not worth playing. Don't ever buy it.P.S. This review got so popular that a guy literally copy+pasted it, here;http://steamcommunity.com/id/steamsucksdick/recommended/219640/"
76561198039469977,Not Recommended,219640,29387171,Posted: 20 January,all,General George S. Patton Jr.,"Its fun for about 10 hours. What ruins the game are the exploiters. There are a few hackers but 95% of people do these weird things that are impossible to block and it ruins the game. However, when people actually play it normally it is really fun, but that almost never happens. I recommend the game itself, but due to the simply massive amount of exploiters, I have to give it a 4/10. If you have some friends to play with its worth it though, but I would wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,219640,14031253,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,^Duck,"It's okay except for those ballerina knights and other ♥♥♥♥ers, which ruin the fun. That made me leave the game. But if you are looking for a medieval ballerina simulator, this is just perfect for you.It's okay if you just start and play in the new player servers, but after that its just ♥♥♥♥ing pain. This game needs more servers for different leves. It only has 0-15 level official servers. I think it should need like 16-25 and 26-45 and so on."
,Not Recommended,219640,16068514,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,don't touch me my dad is a lawye,watch out for flying ballerinas with giant swords
,Not Recommended,219640,17134683,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,müdetale,"Let me make this clear... a lot of people like this game, and when it first came out and everyone didn't quite know the mechanics, it was great.I came back to it. And like any other multiplayer game, people figure out the mechanics, and when that happens sometimes its fixed and we move on.This game has this thing where people will duck your attacks, and thats okay.Whats not okay is when people do these things where they shake their mouse side to side whist stabbing and stab right beside you, but it registers as a headshot.Also this 360 swing arc thats impossible to block.Unless you really want to play this game and don't mind the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ elitest community and mechanic abusers. Don't play.If you're a casual, don't play. You won't have fun, trust me."
,Not Recommended,219640,24309545,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,[SeC8] Lyell Wolf,"For the first 15 levels of the game, it's fun. Everyone is new (Except the ones that make a new account so they can grief the lower level players) and the playstyles are pretty straight forward.After level 15, you are forced into the ""Standard"" servers where everyone is using any gimic they can find. Rips the fun out of mechanics and makes it slightly infuriating."
,Not Recommended,219640,33940369,Posted: 31 July,all,IAmGuyDudePersonMan,"Although I have played this game increasingly frequently as time has passed and will continue to do so due to the fact that I already have 200 hours invested into the game and a pretty good skill level for only being at 200 hours, having just recently moved into level 30s after mainly playing the 1 vs 1 duel mode (experience is easier to get in other modes due to there being more people to kill), there are plenty of terrible things about this game and I would recommend avoiding it, EVEN ON THE FREE WEEKEND.Torn Banner has created a nonsensical game where people can spin around like tops beheading you even though you would lose your balance and thus cause you to lose the majority of your weapon force. People can use techniques such as a Reverse Overhead, where you turn your back towards the opponent, look up, and do an overhead strike. This causes the strongest type of attack in anyone's arsenal to strike faster than a stab/thrust. Due to the messed up release stage of the weapon and no damage penalty for barely moving the sword, you will die in 1-3 hits depending on what class you are and what weapon the opponent is using (The ""Maul"" weapon for knights can 1 hit kill anyone with a head shot and reverse overheads tend to do damage to the head), so if you don't heighten your reflexes you will fail miserably once you get out of the low rank servers when you hit rank 16.  People with fast weapons, especially one handed weapons like the Norse Sword or Thrusting Dagger can block and perform a riposte stab or overhead and if their opponent doesn't have hundreds or thousands of hours on the game where they've developed insane reflexes, it's almost impossible to block due to how incredibly fast it is. You can also slow down or speed up your weapon speed with camera movement but an overhead strike going at a snail's pace will do equal damage to an overhead strike moving faster than the average speed of a one handed weapon. Essentially, the game's mechanics are broken and you will end up feeling frustrated unless you dedicated about 60 hours minimum to begin to understand how the game works and then about 80-120 more hours to feel comfortable.Now a lot of people reading this might say ""Oh, I enjoy games with ridiculously hard learning curves,"" and I'd have to agree with them. Many others and I enjoy slow progression in video games and that's perfectly fine. Or you could instead download Chivalry on the free weekend and you'll get to play with people who don't know anything about the game and it'll be fair. Had those two factors been the only things in play here, I'd have given this game a positive review, but unfortunately the developer's actions and statements have led me to say that you should not get this game, even on the free weekend, due to how lazy and nonsensical they were. I mentioned earlier about reverse overheads and dragging and all that. People ended up learning about most of those tricks on their own by looking at hitboxes and going ""Huh, I can exploit this!"" So what do you think the developers did after realizing they had broken hitboxes and weapons? Apologize and update the combat so people can't spin around like ballerinas and hit you without even looking? NOPE! Instead, they decide to say, ""That's not a glitch, that's a part of the game!"" even though it was clearly not intended eventually leading to the majority of the game's population leaving due to the people ingame saying ""no bro spinning around like a helicopter by throwing my mouse out the window is part of the game, the devs said so."" This is in combination with the fact that the only big update Chivalry has had recently wa- OH WAIT THEY DON'T UPDATE THE GAME, THEY JUST GET PEOPLE TO MAKE CHARACTER AND WEAPON SKINS FOR THEM AND PUT IT IN THE GAME AND SAY, ""GIVE ME MONEY.""And then even better, Torn Banner decides to make the Deadliest Warrior DLC which was popular for about 15 seconds. Luckily for the community though, after begging for Chivalry: Medieval Warfare 2 religiously, Torn Banner decided to give us all a treat and release Mirage: Arcane Warfare. Admittedly, I thought ""OH MAN MAGIC AND CHIVALRY THIS IS GOING TO BE GREAT!"" but the community rejected it due to problems with lag and apparently melee outclassing magic leading the game to die out almost instantly and I never got to buying it.On the plus sides though, the community isn't really bad I don't know why people are complaining considering the vast majority of people are nice and respectful to other players as long as you don't trash talk them, and even then you'll probably just have a joke rivalry with each other and duel with each other a lot considering that a large amount of people are stoned while playing this game and don't care. If you're already good at the game or are a new player playing with other new players, it's intense and can put you on the edge of your seat while laughing and beheading your enemies.In conclusion, new players should avoid Chivalry altogether no matter if there's a sale or free weekend or not because of how broken the game is as well as the fact that you'd be supporting developers who seem to not pay attention to what the community wants even though the things holding the player base so low compared to the past seem to be relatively easy to fix compared to the concepts already in the game. They'd have to redo animations or weapon models but it'd be worth it. Sure the people who would rather be able to spin even more than they already do will leave but it opens up an opportunity to get a game that could surpass the upcoming Mordhau's or Mount and Blade's combat systems."
76561197993686142,Not Recommended,219640,17481033,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,MEL GIBSON,"Alright game, has great potential and is a niche genre so hard to compare it to others. Very bad development team.Don't give these people money. They can't code their way out of a figurative code paper bag. Game still has map bugs from release and technical combat glitches not fixed and netcode that has been bad since day 1 and never improved upon.Community is toxic in general. You wont be able to find a moderator to help you and whenever you do see one they're not actually making the community better they are often abusing their powers.There's no community support or way to contact the devs, if you have technical issues it will fall on deaf ears, if you are unfortunate enough to run into the unchecked moderation team who like to push agendas you will be banned and there's no way to contact the development team because a volunteer moderator decides he doesn't like you."
76561197965067948,Recommended,219640,14642684,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Stabby McStabStab,It's like Team Fortress but with actual fortresses.
76561197964811193,Not Recommended,219640,26413152,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,There Will Be Blood,"This game seems like fun at first. You get 20 or 30 hours in until you really start to see it for the ugly ♥♥♥♥♥ that it is. There is a huge skill gap in this game, and it comes from being willing to master unintuitive and stupid maneuvers. Weapon dragging. Backhand swinging. Mouse twirling. There is a reason people call this a ballerina simulator. Throw in weird hit boxes and some mediocre to bad hit detection and you have a full-on rage simulator.Every time I play this game I feel genuinely angry by the time I am done with a few matches."
,Not Recommended,219640,16051698,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SurfaceKnight,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a fun hack-and-slash game that you can enjoy with friends during a LAN party or other social event. Or if you're in a guild and like to join games en masse, you can do it in this one and it works out nicely.The things about Chivalry: Medieval Warfare that drive me simply bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy, and the reasons why I won't recommend it even though I had lots of fun with the game, are four-fold.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare was the ONLY game to ever give me the dreaded blue screen of death. My graphics card, the card that had run the game well over 300+ hours, decided it had had enough and just refused to work... er, rather, refused to run Chivalry without crashing itself. That made me PERMANENTLY uninstall the game altogether and has put a really bad taste in my mouth about it. Call me biased, but whatever.Being a small-time game developer, Chivalry Medieval Warfare appears to me to be a poorly-coded game in general. The menus, at one point, were BARELY functional. Most of the buttons didn't work, and it took the developer MONTHS to make them halfway functional again. Animations bugs are still everywhere. Players can exploit the game in obvious ways that the developer has to know about but don't actively fix. Hell, it took them close to 5 months to release the game's first patch that ultimately broke combat forever. (If you have been playing since a few months after it released, you know exactly what I mean)The devs seem to have a very difficult grasp on what the word balance means. I don't mean to directly bash them here, but for a time, spears were the end-all. Vanguards literally ruled the entire game room (even today they do) because of their strengths against ALL other classes. Then the devs saw that this was happening and completely destroyed spears, to the point where they were no longer useful. One extreme to another. Hit boxes weren't fixed, merely modified to make them almost worse than they were before. Man At Arms, at one point, could reach around a tower shield staring them straight in the face, and if you get caught in that, it's game over.Since the game has been out a long time, and many people still play it, it is really, really difficult for newer players to have any fun. I remember joining every single lobby and going 34/6 or 28/4 every free-for-all round (check my screenshots, it's legit). Fun for me, but discouraging for the new players. There is no incentive to play other than getting ultimately trashed by a rank 50 person who camps on the game all day. And don't even get me started on how freaking awful the community is with the little thing called ""swing manipulation"". You can literally feint using your mouse speed. You can literally slice someone in half by twirling around like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ballerina and slice them through yourself (I guess). I never, ever feinted and still won most FFA matches. I never, ever manipulated my swing unless my opponent did so. And none of those walking jokes could EVER beat me in a 1v1 without using the manipulation tricks; not even feinting worked. They always had to resort to underhanded, idiotic flippy-doos and curtsy-flips to get a cheap shot.All of this said, you can buy the game if you want to just have low-stress fun. But if you hate losing to game camps that live on this thing to train their mouse-speed button skills, don't even bother."
76561198118882613,Not Recommended,219640,26761910,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlmostAwkward21,"Okay I'm 30 hours in and I'm beginning to understand why I see so many negative reviews. Since I've picked the game back up there have been numerous server crashes. I start a game and then ""boom!"" I'm out of the game. It was fun, it was simple before. But now we have weapon drag, ducking, ♥♥♥♥ing dancing♥♥♥♥♥ballerinas. It's silly. If you want to be good at this game then you'd better prepare yourself to master so many dodging techniques and just ♥♥♥♥in' forget blocking. Who needs it.Don't get me wrong; I love hard games. I love having to sit down and learn how to play a game. I did the ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial twice. Once because I wanted to know what I was getting into before playing, twice because I loved the tutorial so much.I still have fun. But I've run into several hackers. And the skill margin is just silly. I'm not good enough yet to play with these dudes who have spent 800+ hours of their life playing this game and becoming proficient at it.In summary, I both recommend and do not recommend this game. It's fun, I still have a blast playing it. But, it just seems like the combat doesn't fit the theme anymore. This was about Medieval combat, not about twirling around and doing a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like CoD."
76561198039096334,Not Recommended,219640,24884542,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Spree237,"Just wait for Mordhau, pass this game, i regret passing to a higher rank.First of all the combat isn't that bad, UNTIL you reach higher level and you are stuck with the 'big boys' you know, the ones with high levels and no real social life? However besides the joke, after that you can truly see how combat is flawed.1. Range, the range is really really ♥♥♥♥ed up, between one handed weapons to two handed weapons, it is not really accurate to the model itself and thus you just can't estimate it, unless you've got the hang of it by experience of course.2. Great 'Technique'    Have you heard the great tale of the balerina knight that somehow does critical damage with a backswing and with his claymore and his reverse overhead spams? Now you can witness them first hand! Please join us at a higher ranking server and watch as all of the fun that you had experienced that day disappear to a puff of smoke to you being mad that you died against one of those knights, who presumably call it skill, i personally see it as an exploit but whatever floats their boat.3.  ""Look down to hit in the speed of light technique"" especially prominent with the vanguards, you probably have seen them already, the ones who only get claymore and twirl around like madman? Oh yes, it is full of people like that, is it skill or is it just a small exploit that Torn Banners couldn't be bothered with to fix? You decide.Overall there are tons of more stuff that most people won't like, but if you are not like 'most' people, then please, be my guest and buy the game, have fun twirling around in a medieval simulator that is totally not a medieval simulator... I would call it Call of Duty: Medieval Warfare to be honest, if you truly want a good medieval combat experience, either try mount and blade Warband or Mordhau, which should be coming out in the future"
,Recommended,219640,12781524,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Smeg0,The best helicopter simulator I've ever played
,Not Recommended,219640,15958708,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Two-Gun Dog,"play it years ago, reinstalled it to give it a second chance.combat is still♥♥♥♥♥♥devs are greedy as ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,12624939,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,SquidQueen Lucy,Best shouting simulator I've ever played. Everybody needs this in their life.Oh and the sword stuff is kinda neat as well.
,Not Recommended,219640,31474981,Posted: 30 April,all,Action Cow,"A broken game that was fun before everyone knew just how broken it was. Now once you get out of the newbie servers, you'll get demolished by everyone that knows how to exploit all the weirdness that dominates high level play."
76561198090507393,Not Recommended,219640,34891346,Posted: 11 September,all,Sir Ferfwaf,"Used to be a medieval combat sim, but devolved into knights dodging and unhidging their backs to do impossible dodges then to zip back up and sock you in the face."
76561198123175906,Not Recommended,219640,26281788,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Mé Fondle,Ballet Simulator
76561198065475845,Not Recommended,219640,34817687,Posted: 8 September,all,Dona Salete,"Full of exploits and a cancer community that think they're good because of their so protected ""mechanics"".If you don't exploit the mechanics, you're a noob lol"
76561198009810207,Not Recommended,219640,31212814,Posted: 17 April,all,Jaggyroad,"I loved this game, but over time, the cancer of this community got to me. It's becoming harder and harder to find a suitable server that's not full of people exploiting game mechanics, teaming (in free for all), or spamming chat with racist, stupid or childish remarks. It eventually got to me, and I had to uninstall this. The game requires a heck of a lot of time to become good at, and there's a massive jump between level 40-50 that pushes the best players to over 1500 hours of gameplay to be competitive. I just can't recommend this game anymore."
76561197972030689,Not Recommended,219640,12910032,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Mr. Black,"I really liked this game at the start which makes it hard to vote it down. It was fun, something new and a very interesting idea. 16v16 soldiers, running into the heat of battle screaming random things and then exchanging frantic hits with the enemy only to be smacked and killed by one of your own team is hilarious sometimes. On the other hand the imbalanced gameplay and glitch exploitation make it very easy to vote down. When you start out there are level 0-15 servers which only those levels are alowed to join. It makes a somewhat even playing field because all the new and newish players are all trying to figure out which end of the stick goes in the other guy and are all swinging like crazy just to land a hit and steal a kill. I had many a laugh at how funny the game can be, however after level 15 your only choice is to join the other severs where the new aim of the game is who can exploit the most glitchiest gliches and who can do it faster than the other person exploiting their glitchiest glitch. This exploitation of some stupid game mechanics where your character almost bends backwards while swinging, hitting everything around them while being virtually unhittable became very annoying very fast. This part of the gameplay quickly sucked all the fun out of it. There is also some problems with terrible hit markers which I overlooked at the start because the game was quite fun. You thrust into someone chest but completely miss them and then someone miles away somehow headshots you with a tiny sword. The game is supposed to be unrealistic (its a game, duh) but its also supposed to be fun and after being killed reapeatably by people exploiting these glitches in the game it became a not so fun experience. So if you are buying it with some friends and just want to have a bit of a laugh with them its a good game. If you are buying it to play on the servers i definitely would not recommend this glitch... i mean game :P"
23131254398358723,Not Recommended,219640,15282463,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,CompetitorRenowned,The most toxic community ever.
76561198048240257,Not Recommended,219640,17515611,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ceiling Fan,"A brilliant game in theory, but it's ruined by having to guess whether your enemy is feinting or not, and having vanguards rub their anuses on you whilst simultaneously shoving a warhammer up you. Somehow.There are certain attacks that are, as far as I can tell, almost impossible to block/evade. The only difference between a feint and an actual attack is a grunt, and people can attack instantly by turning around, crouching, and using an overhead swing.While I know the game isn't meant to be realistic, it's still stupid that you can attack the enemy more efficiently by facing the other direction and swinging a greatsword.You'll often find yourself fighting a knight who just crouches and spins like a chimp having a seizure. Sure, it's not really an exploit, but it's ♥♥♥♥ing stupid, and shouldn't be in the game.I'd like to recommend the game, but I can't, because stupid exploits ruin it."
,Not Recommended,219640,34767237,Posted: 5 September,all,단만지,"Of the many online games I've played, this takes the cake for most toxic."
76561198070261223,Not Recommended,219640,28410089,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,UndertaleWeeaboo,"Note: This is mostly from a singleplayer perspective than just multiplayer.Now that it's on sale for 2 bucks, it's worth it. If you're not playing online, the AI are morons, save for one or two maps. Haven't played much online, but from what I have, you mainly get stomped on.Just buy mount and blade. Much better game, AI aren't completely stupid."
76561197980909021,Not Recommended,219640,18345924,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Cosmic Lich,"This game is not for the casual who wants to have fun. There is always that one or five people that know exactly how to rotate and swing their character and weapon to block all attacks and never miss. You have to manipulate the engine to win basically. The casual, who just wants to have fun and play as intended, is left with frustration and misery.When I play against, say, an Archer or Man at Arms, they always swing faster than my attacks and blocks, and I am left dead unable to defend myself even as a Knight with a sword. Sometimes I am blocking with a shield and they are able to swing around it. Sometimes people swing faster than me and i'm still baffled. So what should be a face to face battle... isn'tI just don't understand.The only time I am able to enjoy myself is when:-I am in a casual server (rank 15 or under)-Against my friends-Playing in a ""horde mode"" server-Or Lucky enough to enter a server and not encounter those who I like to call ""Tryhards""Sadly though I passed rank 15 a while ago and my friends don't play often, so that leads me to Horde Mode and luck. I still do find the game fun and try my luck for enjoyment but it is a frustration. Oh well, maybe ""For Honor"" will be fun. I know i'm looking forward to it."
76561198053761123,Recommended,219640,32539451,Posted: 18 June,all,✪ hj,Thanks for the good times but now its time for MORDHAU
,Not Recommended,219640,7296153,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,flopwop,"have u ever seen potential for a great game killed so fast due to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs only putting out buggy updates that♥♥♥♥♥♥balance and add exploits after theyve been in beta testing for 6 months while conveniently ignoring the exploits and bugs that have already been in the game since launch, all the while developing PAID DLCits been a year and the server browser STILL DOESNT FUNCTION PROPERLY AAAAAAAAAAAA"
,Recommended,219640,12492842,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Kung Fu Sandwich,"The Gran Turismo of games featuring grown men running around a field screaming obscenities and bashing eachother with pointy sticks.Fun, gory combat with different attacks, parries and blocks and it's satisfying to chop dudes up in to little red squishy bits and the graphics are preeeeetty nice.The community is pretty toxic, people will call you a homosexual and swear at you for not playing the game the way they want you to play it which is always fun. You'll get used to muting the whole server and ignoring the chat box. If you can deal with that then it's a pretty fun game if a little janky and it's popular so you can always find a match."
,Not Recommended,219640,23142571,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Мудак,Bought for sword fights. Instead got Bey-Blade.
76561198065858444,Not Recommended,219640,25417633,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Metal Madness,"This game started off sooooooo good. You felt like a powerful medival warrior...At least it used to be.Knight class (Heavy Armor) got nerfed so now it gives you only one more hit than a man-at-arms (unarmored).Same with the vanguard.Archers are limited to only 3 a team, so expect to never get to play them.To many DLC weapons and skins. It can be real confusing when trying to tell if your opponent is on your side (several skins run about without shirts on) and you never know what the other guy is swinging at you.The worst thing is the ""rank up"" system.It tracks your skill purely by how many battles you've been in, it doesn't matter if you do well or not.After rank 15, I got it in a week, you are dumped into the same player pool with everyone rank 15 to 100, and most of them will be in the 30s or higher.Play until you hit rank 15, after that the game loses any value of fun.I did really like this game, and I put a bunch of time into it, but the developers have been making a lot of bad choices in it's updates since launch, and are slowly killing the game.P.S. - Do NOT waste your money of the Deadliest Warrior version. It is everything wrong with this game, and so much more."
76561198170150667,Not Recommended,219640,32116374,Posted: 1 June,all,Mortesins01,"It starts out as an interesting medieval multiplayer first person slasher.When you get to level 16, the game morphs into another game:Ballerina Simulator 2012.If you are looking for a serious medieval game, look elsewhere. Once you get used to the weird exploits, it's still a fun game. Just not the game you might be looking for.I bought it at a ridiculously low price, so I'm not that dissapointed. I don't know if I would spend 20$ on this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,30087269,Posted: 21 February,all,DiquiL,"This game isn't worth the money what it costs.Reasons of it are the exploits and the community.The developers don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥to fix these unblockable hits, ultra fast swinging giant hammer or stabbing over you shield.And the community is the worst community I have ever seen in my life.So many arrogant peoples in this game.My opinion is don't buy this game.Buy another game and I wil guarantee you will have more fun."
,Not Recommended,219640,32258416,Posted: 7 June,all,だてんし - Ultra,"Playable only until you reach rank 16, then you must deal with all those lv 40+ dudes ganging up on you and people doing the Australian helicopter (reverse spin attacks and all). Worse as archer with the arrows not hitting when they actually do.No idea why I continued played when its the same stuff over and over. Bad game, bad game, etc.Pretty sad that I have to leave a negative review, when I had fun and enjoyed the game before."
76561198054049936,Recommended,219640,14326672,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,OVERLORD,"It's almost 4AM, so naturally I thought it's the perfect time to write a better review about Chivalry, since I wrote my old one at about 50 hours of playtime. Now that I am at almost 600 hours, I think I have a better feeling of the game.It is undoubtedly the best melee-oriented game I have played. So much so, that to me, all other games with melee now feel very shallow and weak by comparison, and I think that anyone who has put a lot of time into this game can also attest to this feeling. It sets a new standard of melee combat.Chivalry will not appeal to everyone. It has an extremely high skill ceiling that very few players will even remotely approach (seriously like less than 1% of people who own it probably). But for those who do enjoy it, they will spend an ungodly amount of hours on getting gud.There are four distinct classes with relatively diverse play-styles, and even though this is the case, I have mostly trudged through the last ~600 hours as a knight, and it never really got boring. You will probably find a class you like best early on, and habitually stick to it primarily. Maybe not, but most players seem to be this way.This game has the best voice-acting ever. All of the classes on either team have a lot of character in the amusing taunts and compliments, even though they are rather generic in all other ways.Even though the game was released over two years ago, the developers continue to update it and add content. The community is still active, even in the Australian/NZ servers, which is excellent. As you play more, you will see a lot of familiar faces. People just like you, who have sold their soul to this game. Then you will kill them.There are some ongoing balancing issues with weapons, some bugs appear and disappear... but it's relatively minor at this point.We don't talk about the Deadliest Warrior expansion (IT DOESN'T EXIST LALALA). Otherwise, buy this (and play it)!"
,Not Recommended,219640,8042229,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Peter Pan mit Penis Lan,"The game is good but has to many flaws to actually recommend and the devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥at all about the game there are still many bugs (clipping,server browser,crashes,Ranks and Weapon Unlocks) that exist since i bought the game.Instead they made an expansion which i also say is good but the same bugs are present team balance is non existent, With the expansion they introduced a new damage system which works good but never made it into the main game where everyone wanted it since dragging or reverse overhead(""advanced"" techniques) are a gigantic problem in the game and everyone around lvl 20 and above uses these ""techniques"" to get cheap kills where some of these techniques aren't even blockable since you will get the damage as soon as the animation starts if the developers actually starting fixing these things i would gladly say buy this game at full price but at that state it is right now i can just say grab it for 50-75% off or you will waste money"
76561198082843328,Not Recommended,219640,34799324,Posted: 7 September,all,Dax,The community has become pretty toxic about the same as gta v now... not to mention new players think theyre good by exploiting all of the glitches... so ♥♥♥♥ing fix them otherwise this game is going to continue to crash and burn
76561198066269256,Not Recommended,219640,32224174,Posted: 6 June,all,Nightmare of Solomon,Death by toxic community. Sad that an actually good game like this is ruined by its own playerbase.Still better than For Honor though. Far better.
,Recommended,219640,29494889,Posted: 25 January,all,Chronosophia,You'll either play it for a couple hours and come to despise it or you'll play it for a year and come to despise it.
76561198162781252,Not Recommended,219640,18344640,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,BUCKSHOT_BUKY,"The Chivalry community is a bunch of teamn killing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (or children) this game is worthless. Don't buy it, the devs will not fix anything and the game will continue to lose players. Rest in♥♥♥♥♥♥Chivalry."
76561198073375206,Not Recommended,219640,19760319,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Shan (Fisto),SO MUCH WASTED POTENTIALThe game on the offical low level servers it self isnt too bad and offers a mildly entertaining mostley sheltered expierence. Once you leave that server then welcome the complete exploitation of the real combat mechanics. This game is all about the drag which in its played out form is exploiting the combat mechanics if it wasnt the characters wouldnt look like they are doing circles and having seziures. If you want to get any where in the combat then you must learn to use and abuse this. Throw in the occasional speed hacker and a good dose of players that seem to have drunk a magical potion that gives them never ending stamina and this game certainly isnt  for me. My experiecne with this game also doesnt lead me to belive that the community that plays it helps it in any way either. Overall save you money folks
76561198068471374,Not Recommended,219640,12653772,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Louis,"I really try to like this game but if you do not live in a country that is Aus, USA, England or any major server areas then do not buy this because with more then 80 ping, you have no chance at all. In this game timing is EVERYTHING and if you are even a 1/4 of a second lag then you are gonna die so many times that you want to uninstall the game, burn the harddrive, and mail it to hell."
76561198007238047,Not Recommended,219640,20166092,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jeff,"I would not recommend this to new players, I have played it for long enough now to say that this is not the game it was. Mostly this game consists of clans and high level players stacking all their players on one team, not only does this mean they obviously win but it makes it almost impossible to even kill them. Apart from that I can say that this game has one of the worst community's I have ever seen, don't get me wrong, there are some nice people on here, but the general atmosphere on servers is terrible, plenty of racism, insults, and of course team killing. The latest maps that the developers have brought out are rubbish, full of bugs and glitches, and they seem more interested now in trying to peddle microtransactions than fixing any of the bugs that seem to multiply with every patch thy release. If you can get it for a couple of quid then go for it, but beyond that don't bother, you'll get frustrated with it long before you start getting good anyway."
76561198167238455,Not Recommended,219640,23616362,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,OriginalUserName,"The game is full with bugs, and the servers are full with glitch abusers and cheaters.'16.12.10: it's still a cheap game of glitches and cheaters... Don't buy it!'17.03.31: it's still a cheap game of glitches, bugs, jerks, noobs and cheaters... That's why they gave it for free for a time.edit:Some genius would say ""the community is friendly jerks are rare bla-bla-bla"" - just look at the chat - so much pain! So much insecurity! So much teamkill!Some genius would say ""lulz there is no cheatin gtfo"" - care to explain Mr. Super-speed Parry-immune knights? Or those who survives after getting stabbed in the back multiple times? Or those who can 360-block? Exploiting glitches is cheating too."
,Not Recommended,219640,8042689,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,TheStealElite,"I've decided to fix my review, because my first one sounded like a rage-post. EDIT: They have made this game better in the past couple of months, but due to certain things I still don't reccomend it full price.Pros:- A decent skill curve, does take skill to play the game. ( With a couple of exceptions)- It's cool how you can kill your enemies with map interaction in a couple of maps.- Fun trolling players who take this game too seriously, and are total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.- Mutaliting your friends limbs and toying with dead bodies is alway a plus- Modded maps are incredible and are way better than the normal maps that this game has to offer.- This game's ridiculousness makes it very humorous to play- Horde mode is pretty fun to play.- Weapon kills now work fine.- Mods are what makes me still play this game time from timeCons:- Vanguard + Zweihander + LMB LMB LMB LMB LMB LMB LMB LMB  = Guaranteed K/D of like 20-5 [Some people are using this to dismiss my review and say that I suck so I'll get this clear, It's what I see in lobby's. Obviously a good player will cream these guys, but most of the time these players have decent K/Ds]- Hitboxes are god awful, I have killed people to the sides of me with a stab.- Some bugs, alot have been fixed.- Blocking is a bit weird, granted i'm not very good with it, but I know i've blocked sometimes and people still hit me. Likewise, I do not block and it still does anyway. (Without a shield ofc)- Obnoxiously tryhard community- Archers must be the most annoying people on the planet, according to the community.- Dragging is a mechanic that is important to learn and use in the game, why isn't in the tutorial?- Feinting is a fair mechanic, although I don't use it, I still hate it when people complain about it.- Animations are some of the worst i've ever seen, not medieval at all, looks like a couple of fat nerds playing LARP.- A spear stabs through a knight in full armor, and manages to hit someone behind him, Total sense.- The official servers lag ALL of the time, I get dropped from them very often. No my internet does not suck. (54 mbps)- Hit a teammate once, you are offically the worst player on the planet.- Dev's won't do♥♥♥♥♥♥about balance and the bugs in this game, all they do is release new helmets and that stupid Warrior DLC, FOR MORE MONEY. They might as well as call themselves Microsoft.NOTE: For all those level 50's who will say I'm just a bad lvl 5. I am level 23 at the time of this review and I usually go positive when I play, as long as i'm not trolling or screwing around.Score: 5.5/10Final analysis:Game can be fun, and i've sure had some great moments when playing with friends, but overall if you want a more balanced and fun game that doesnt have a bunch developers that dont do anything, and a community that doesn't have metal poles up their♥♥♥♥♥ and just a good medieval game look elsewhere, Chivalry will offer you nothing. Do not buy this game, with all of it's problems it should be free. I've played free games that should be worth more than this piece of crap."
,Not Recommended,219640,24783962,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,GROCKR,"When i originally bought this game in early 2013 i was enjoying it a lot. Unique first person fighting with pretty good graphics, awesome sound and especially voice design on top of a good old directional combat system akin to Mount and Blade.However i could no longer enjoy this game or recommend it to others :gloomy:I was trying to get back into this game for last two years, but i wasn't able to get any pleasant experience :steamsalty:I'll explain why.TL;DR:1.  No matchmaking, no skill rating, no balance. Noobs start in paddling pool for little kids and then get thrown straight into adult life to get destroyed by pros.2. Annoying shaking on getting hit - disorients you, disrupts your concentration, destroys your aimed attacks.3. Hard to judge the distance and reach of your weapon(either 1st p. or 3rd p.) => miss attacks, and get unexpected hits due to bad distance estimate. (it gets better with experience, but still feels odd compared to some other games and i dont know why)4. Combat mechanics are too simple and prone to abuse(""balerina-knights"", reverse overheads, combat sprinting and other questionable ""techniques"")Conclusion: Either get it on sale and enjoy till rank 15, or play M&B:Warband and wait for Mordhau.1. Lack of any skill balance.First off let me comment on the most popular reason in steam reviews - playing above 15 rank.Basically to find a match you go to a Server Browser, pick any server you like and jump in. However, teams in the match are only balanced by size and anyone can join any team as long as teams stay equal in number of players.The only thing to allow decent experience to new players are low rank servers, avaiable only to players below 15 rank.Ranks are gained by earning points in games - for kills, objectives and such, so your ranks is just amount of kills and other stuff you did in game over all your career. Shows nothing but your game time.But as soon as you get above 15 rank you are thrown in combat against players of all levels.Which together with lack of any team balance mechanic or skill rating system means matches are often poorly balanced and overall experience is not enjoyable.2. Camera shaking.Camera shake - every time you get hit in Chivalry your camera shakes(violently).It is very irritating and anticlimactic. It ruins the rhythm and pace of the game, it disorients the player. essentially kicks your eyes off the screen for split second destroying your contentration. Also because it takes fixed amount of time before you get back full control over camera - it also often makes it very hard to protect yourself after getting hit.Not only that, but it also affects your weapon too! Which means perfectly aimed strike can suddenly turn away in the last moment if you take a hit.I can't remember right now, but i am pretty sure that they added camera shaking about half a year after the initial release.There is no option to turn it off or reduce intensity.(In case anyone wonders about motion sickness/simulation sickness - i've never had it, the camera shake just irritates the crap out of me, it is simply anti-fun)Third - Perspective and the feel of distance.Doesn't matter if you play first person or third person - it is very hard to judge how long is the reach of your weapon and how far away your target is. It gets worse when you use higher FoV(which you need here).There are no tools to help a player with this. You can only rely on your camera perspective, and somehow it feels a bit off compared to other games, even at similar FoV values. In fact overall camera responsiveness feels odd, i don't seem to be able to aim any attack or shot... (mouse smoothing is off)It gets better with experience, though.(I dont have any suggestion how to fix this, other than by adding some markers or a radar)Combat?I also want to comment about combat and how boring it can be, but i'm sure many people will disagree with this, especially new players and veteran fans.In short combat is centered around directional attacks and blocking. There are four directional attacks plus thrust, but only onebasictype of protection - blocking. One particular class also can dodge, but the it feels clunky and unresponsive.There is no weapon collision, no chambering, nothing like that.In an overly simplified view combat is just repeated attacking and parrying until one person makes a mistake (a mistake of any kind - bad footwork, missing an attack or a parry, missing a feint(cancelled attack)).Of course there are also advanced techniques - footwork and combat sprinting, crouching and looking down(camera also controls your torso), but they are not as clear and streamlined as i think true game features should be.Please comment and let me know if you agree, disagree or think i am wrong!Thanks for reading!UPDATE: Deadliest Warrior!I totally forgot to mention it!So this ""DLC"" is in fact a SEPARATE GAME which means any patch or update to basic game does NOT affect Deadliest Warrior!Its development was stopped immediately after its release!!! It was made by license(TV show) and turned out to be just a ""money-grab"".I enjoyed my time playing it, for me it was slightly better than original Chivalry due to overall faster combat and much more interesting and diverse classes, but there is no patches/updates, balance is absolutely terrible and will never be fixed, popularity is low and all game modes are different variations of Deathmatch (FFA/Teams/Last Team Standing, etc)It is OK to have fun with friends but otherwise unless you plan to master every aspect of combat it isn't that much fun.There are 6 classes, each one has unique weapons and sometims unique mechanics aswell - Ninjas can dodge roll, Pirates can drink rum to restore HP, Vikings can throw any weapon and also get attack speed bonus with consecutive strikes, Spartans always carry a shield and have powerful throwable weapons, and so on. Just please dont play Knights - there's nothing special about them other than extreme HP and OP weapons.Mouse controls feel even more crazy than in original game and i dont know why. I feel like mouse acceleration is constantly ON and cannot be turned off, but when i tested it wasn't true, so i have no idea whats wrong here...I love this game, i love Deadliest Warrior concept, and i wish developers would start making much needed changes, but unfortunately right now i cannot recommend neither Medieval Warfare nor Deadliest Warrior."
,Recommended,219640,15922164,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Oxameter,"Prequel to Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a great game in which you play as a rookie soldier who gets instantly killed by many things including crossbows, zweihanders, daggers being wielded by underweight archers, 600 ping teleportation wizards, javelins, swords, and more. The goal of this game is to die and stop playing. It is a very fun, very casual game."
,Not Recommended,219640,27710350,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,『¯ Glut _』,... plz no more skins
,Not Recommended,219640,29930795,Posted: 14 February,all,Enky,"This is the most frustraing game i've ever played.It's not a bad game at all, but the exploiters and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ players in this game really make it a horrible experience sometimes.This game has been my favorite game some days after i got it, but as i got to play with more exprerienced players i came to the conclusion that this game is not worth playing. Sure it's fun and all, but if you don't wanna break your desk from the ways you will be killed, don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,30891178,Posted: 1 April,all,KlLLJOY,Ballerina or Die.
,Not Recommended,219640,31228051,Posted: 18 April,all,DerangedOctopus,The meta and exploits are strong with this game.
,Not Recommended,219640,34244903,Posted: 14 August,all,ASlavicSwizzleStick,The community killed this game with the autistic sword swinging and jumping. Only good with friends in private matches when the game is on a sale.
76561198068066178,Not Recommended,219640,33894483,Posted: 29 July,all,Willrules,"The game is fun until level 15. Absolutely amazing maps and huge battles. Right after you are kicked out of the begginner servers, however, you enter hell. Level 60s everywhere dragging blades into your head and then proceeding to flame you. This game would've been amazing without dragging."
,Not Recommended,219640,12632242,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Hyankinthos,"After 270 hours of casual play on this game and earning my rank of 39 I have decided to give my honest opinon about this game.~~~~~~~~~~This is all my opinon and my personally experiences of this game~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Now I had this game about a month or two after the offical release and not much has changed since its original launch from my perspective. If anything I would go to say the game got worse throughout its time by nerfing weapons that werent OP and then buffing the OP weapons (Those dagger mofos). Even the classes seem a bit unbalanced as well once you go up against competitive players who treat this game as life. Which leads me into another thing to talk about which is how this game can be played, and there are only 2 ways it can be played or at the very least 2 types of players.1. The first way to play is competitevly, in the basic sense, taking this game seriously and committing yourself to this game only. Now if you are a competitive player and love a challenge even though around 70% are gonna be better than you right off the bat and always be better than you then play it if you want to get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked. Since this game has been out for around 2 years I believe all the veterans (excluding myself) are experts of breaking animations and full out ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If you do try to play competitvely atleast find a weapon that you enjoy playing and that works for you and get good at that, if you try other weapons constantly trying to be the ""Jack of all Weapons"" you will find yourself breaking your own sanity (In my case 3 keyboards). Other than that statement that concludes the competitive playstyle and onto the next.2. The second (and only way that I found) way to play is casually. What casually means in this sense that I infer it to be is playing with only your friends and ♥♥♥♥ing around and not taking this game seriously. Like honestly never take this game seriously you will have a bad time. This game can be extremely fun but only with friends. Being able to ♥♥♥♥ around in a broken game is always fun even I enjoyed it but out of my whole group of friends I pretty much stayed with this game and kept playing it which lead me to try competitevly (worse decision of my life).Now let me go towards the community of the game, which I would like to imagine its a cross-breed of ♥♥♥♥♥ and reddit. The arrogant slobs who think they know everything since they look it up not later than 5 minutes ago attribute that reddit has and then having the vulgar and lack of filter that a ♥♥♥♥♥ user has. These guys will constantly talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about other players for their lack of skill when the person is rank 5 and they're rank 50, appaerently the internet tough guy is common in this game. Anyways these guys will constantly break animations and mechanics of the game just to win and feel good and ♥♥♥♥♥ at you if you kill them. They will then claim nonsense and lag that they died and try to harrass you with their childish insults. So in short a good bit of the high levels (40s-50s) are disrepsectful brats who seem to be autistic (not trying to offend anybody by saying this but play the game and see for yourself). Now just a little disclaimer of cours not every high level person is like this around maybe 15-25% at most is not like this from what I have seen.The Archers take the most skill needed for having the need to aim in the game and being the squishiest of all the classes.Man-At-Arms takes the least amount of skill for having the fastest weapons avaliable to him along with its backstep function that can easily put you out of range of others attacks making you seem invincible from barely getting a scratch in combat.Vanguards take the second least amount of skill and is the class mostly played from what I have seen. Have weapons that have high reach and autistic speed makes an easy class to use since it commonly breals animationsKnight is a hit or miss with skills depending on the weapon you are using. If you use the maul you pretty much need the skill level of an archer or just slightly below it, however some weapons can be easy like the man at arms aresenal but not as cheap from that little♥♥♥♥♥♥s backstep.Overall this game is boken and people abuse these mechanics that are quite annoying to deal with and people defend this mechanics saying that it was put into the game for a reason. Im 50/50 on that from Torn Banner's progress on the game breaking it after every update and making it worse. Thanks a lot S-h-i-t BannerAge of Chivalry was pretty much the BETA of this game and had very choppy animations but the mechanics of that game were in a sense fair and you could do a lot more in that game such as ride horses. I have been tempted to play Age of Chivalry so many times because of this game but I always lack the motivation to download it again.So should you play this game? No you shouldnt, a better game is coming out with better combat mechanics that bring this game to shame. Coming out next year while the beta is coming out soon if not already the game will be called Kingdom Come: Deliverence."
76561198004354347,Not Recommended,219640,17702329,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Yianni,"Horribly imbalanced, improper hitboxes, physics bugs leftover from the original mod passed off as a ""feature"". Shiny reskin of Age of Chivalry that offers no improvements to its countless problems."
,Not Recommended,219640,18219920,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,weedsmoker420,"""realistic"" combat"
,Not Recommended,219640,17734899,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Narth,"This game probably has the worst community ever, even worse than the League of Legends community, and that is saying something.  I have enough hours into the game to tell you that hardly anyone in this game is fun to play with because you are either up against the super elitist players (jerks that will refuse to teach you how to play or help you get better) that will crush you with ease, the cheaters (there are quite a few players that use speedhacks in this game), or the noobs that will team kill you constantly.Other than the trashy community that will leave you questioning hummanity, you will find very quickly that this game REQUIRES you to have absolutely no life in order to get good at it. I don't recommend wasting a ton of hours into a game that isn't even good. For example, most of the elitist players must not get outside a lot because they are 1000+ plus hours into the game, and that is what is required to even be good at this game.If you are like me and not want to have to devote a crap ton of your life into a game, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND YOUR TIME, this was a huge waste of mine. Instead of being a fun game that involves just playing around in bloody chivarly warefare, you will just get rekt by the no lifers that love to prey on people who don't play as much as them. It's sad to see a game ruined by the community."
,Recommended,219640,9540542,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Bandit,"Place a bag on your head, bicycle down a hill, scream while you do it, and listen to thomas the tank engine theme while you're at it. now you know what kind of mentality the communty has.... oh yeah and the game is alright too."
,Not Recommended,219640,14656362,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,LaughingFoxx,"After playing this game over the past couple of years on and off, I decided to write a review. The premise of this game is great, two factions fighting eachother with numerous different game modes, different classes with their specific jobs, and even a new co-op mode for those who don't like playing player vs player. However, I don't recommend this game to anyone currently and to look for another one. The reasons are the game mechanics. It's not realistic at all and it breaks the immersion. For example, a vanguard would be fighting three different people, instead of taking a defensive position they'd just walk backwards and forwards swinging their Zweihander like they are blind infinitely. There's also the weird mechanic of looking directly at the ground while overheading to get a super fast overhead that is most of the time impossible to block. And there's the mechanic known as ""matrixing"" where you would crouch down and look at the sky, manipulating your player model so that the other person can't hit you even though they are right in front of you. I really wanted to like this game but it isn't for me, maybe I'd come back to it just to finish the achievements or when they bring updates to the mechanics."
76561198074052592,Not Recommended,219640,28894193,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Wonder Boy,"If you don't already have this game and its not on sale for 90% don't bother, wait for a game called Mordhau instead."
76561198072552446,Not Recommended,219640,34462306,Posted: 24 August,all,Eliaz,"Exploits, Exploits, Exploits!"
76561198061522994,Not Recommended,219640,17913612,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Ellchell,It could be a great game but once you get to a certain skill level people start shaking their mouses to glitch past your block. this needs to be fixed.
,Not Recommended,219640,31408429,Posted: 27 April,all,NuclearWarBear,"Game used to be good, now it's ruined by spinnnig breakdancers exploiting the goofy melee system and the developers seem to be fine with this."
76561198072710531,Not Recommended,219640,11500456,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Mort Shekelstein,"Torn Banner abondend this game years ago to go and make Mirage which flopped hard and now they seem to still not care about this game.For new players joining the game, there is a huge learning curve and it's one that never really ends. You can always improve on your own skills in the game... but the thing is: nobody wants to spend hundreds of hours learning how to fight properly. Especially not with how salty it can make you. Most players don't see rank 10 and few see rank 20. Anyone hooked for long enough to see rank 20 will most likely stay on as a concurrent player though the number of those has been slowly declining over the years.This game is dying.It has been for years now, very slowly. Another game that will be like chivalry but different too is set to launch next year: Mordhau. It promises to have less exploits and be based more around real medieval combat tehcniques. My advice would be wait for that game and see if it is any good or not. If not then do get Chivalry but if it doesn't then don't waste your money on this game.My only real reason for downvoting this game is the fact that the devs don't care about it and that it is nearly dead. Save your money for another game."
,Not Recommended,219640,31811657,Posted: 17 May,all,fyperG,Good game ruined by awful community
76561198036461231,Not Recommended,219640,8872390,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Clunker,I dont own a single game right now that isnt being destroyed by its own developers
,Recommended,219640,11468972,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Koramei,it's like war of the roses but good
,Not Recommended,219640,11612841,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,That New Zealand Adult,"Worst community of any game, I have ever played."
,Not Recommended,219640,8073314,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Super Aggro Crag,tight core gameplay marred by the developers being a parade of morons who can't balance or optimize the game for♥♥♥♥♥♥and cause it to completely ♥♥♥♥ing break every time they do release a patchdo not pay 25 dollars for this game.
76561198068360774,Not Recommended,219640,8901503,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,SandTiger,"The Good:Since I am not recommending this game, I'll start with the good.- The Team Objective game mode is simply great. Lot of fun and it's possible to contribute even if you are completely new.- The combat mechanics are pretty good.- Overall not a bad game IF you manage to overlook the BS.The Bad:- The aforementioned good combat mechanics also introduces some problems. Firstly, it is just too heavily dependent on ping. Normally it is not such a big deal but you'll know when the servers start drying up. And then there is something which is known as ""exploiting"" to some, while the others call it ""taking advantage of the mechanics"". Eitherway, it is rather irritating to see someone move in the most unnatural way possible and hit you before you even see the weapon move.- The archery is the the weakest part of the combat, if we exclude the javelins.- The community is not all that great. Now it's in no way the worst out there, but it's still pretty bad. I am not talking about the team kills and such but when you hear ""You are being kicked because you are a n*gg*r"", you know you have a problem (DISCLAIMER: This was not directed at me and this is not the only basis of my opinion, just an example). I have never seen a veteran player give any constructive advice to newer players except the occasional ""stop hitting me noob"". Some may argue that i was just unlucky with my choice of servers but hey, random sampling is a legit method of statistics.The Ugly:- OMG THE BUGS.....This game is broken to the point that the two methods of character progression DONT WORK. The two being unlocking weapons and leveling up. When i say they dont work, i mean they literally dont work. If you gain a level or two in a match, you'll see that number reset back to where it was in the next one. You may be lucky enough to unlock a weapon or two but the counters just give up after that. I know there are way to edit some files and stuff but that should never be the case for a game that is over a year old. There a hundred other bugs from the mildly annoying to game breaking, but i would rather not go on a rant.- Identification of Friend or Foe (IFF). In a game where your allies take the same damage as your enemies, this feature is rather important. You have a small dot at the centre of the screen which if exactly place on another player will turn BLUE (friend) or RED (foe). Also at the bottom of the screen you will see the name of the player in BLUE (Agatha) or in RED (Mason). Keep in mind that the two colours are unrelated. Given that you may get autobalanced to the other team more than once in a match, all this is a recipe for some nerd rage. And dont come at me with ""you're just a noob"", I have seen veteran players making the same mistake.- FInally the worst thing that can be said about an online competitive multiplayer, THE DEVS DONT SEEM TO CARE. In spite off all the problems, the devs blessed us with new helmets which cost about  $4 or something. THe amount may or may not be accurate but there is certainly a real money value to them. I personally couldn't care less. These kind of things make some sense in a game that looks good.You can hear more about the good thing and the not so good things on the steam forums, which you should definitely check out if you want to buy.TL;DR: Buggy as hell. Buy if you own a couple oil wells or something (or wait for heavy discounts XD)"
76561197989671349,Not Recommended,219640,35136574,Posted: 22 September,all,✪ ๖ۣۜCrazy๖ۣۜRambo ڲ,Spinning simulator
,Not Recommended,219640,24452429,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Rymbr,"I'm pretty sure that back in medieval times, people didn't have a seizure before every sword swing."
,Recommended,219640,12480485,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Lost,"Glitchy, gorey, and outright silly.  This is the PvP game I never knew I always wanted."
,Recommended,219640,23518003,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,TheFrisb,When u get to lvl 16 u are faced with a decision :- Git gud- QuitMost ppl quit.
,Not Recommended,219640,18679134,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,LittleHappyWolf,"Gameplay yes.Community no.Its hard to reccomend a game without both. The first 15 levels were the best i've ever had, I will still play the game in hopes of running into a good server. But I havent found it past rank 15."
,Not Recommended,219640,11673264,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Hammer of Evil,"This game does one thing perfectly - excellent melee combat simulation. as one of my friends put it: ""...Chivalry ♥♥♥♥♥ on other games when it comes to melee."" When your sword connects with an enemy or your mace smashes through someone's head, you almost 'feel' the impact and it's very satisfying. Headshotting results in a smashed skull, or completely decapitated head. Very fun. You'll also find out that centermass hits are super damaging, and everything else is pretty much useless. If you find your attacks aren't doing damage, aim for the middle, not the arms or legs.Unfortunately it's the bottom of the bucket in every other respect.The community (OUTSIDE OF THE 1-15 NOOB SERVERS MOSTLY) is one of the worst and most toxic out there. And it's getting worse. Kind of ironic how it's named chivalry and everyone is a total♥♥♥♥♥hole.Network desynch/lag will cause you to die hundreds of times more than you would have if your parry actually worked, or someone's lag swing registers outside of your parry, even though on your screen, the sword was in your face.Or how about the classic. The enemy is way out of range, and slashes you dead, because the network decided to give you information on the swings a little later.IMO the developers have made their $$$ on this game, and they're about to llama drop it. Why? because they're all in bora bora hiring hookers and getting madly drunk celebrating the millions they're raking in every other month on this thing. They don't really give a♥♥♥♥♥♥since updates are few and far between - as well as poorly executed. (they have a beta branch where they 'test' patches before releasing them.. yet when they release them, they're full of problems still? are you kidding me?)The effort is not there. These guys are a group of developers - and that's fine. but they suck. many other games with only 1 or 5 man dev teams release weekly updates and masterfully execute them. They aren't full of glitches needing constant hotfixing, or strange graphic breaking bugs.This is but a few of the mass of shortcomings you're going to see in this game.I don't even need to go into the fact that you are STILL crashing to desktop in vanilla chivalry despite the game being out for ages and having undergone countless updates. The 'official' servers are worthless, slow, laggy and prone to crash or cause massive lagspikes. I'd be embarrassed to own them, much less consider them official.I picked this game up on a sale - cheaply so. I'd suggest you do the same. The learning curve is steep and once you learn this game - this is pretty much as good as it gets.Because there are other people with their eyes on a satisfying melee combat experience, and once they have put some time into it - chivalry will be dethroned, because it's just a mindless hack and slash, poorly updated and weakly executed. There are others who could and can do this much, much better.I rate it about 4/10, and I don't recommend you purchase it unless it's less than five bucks. The 'deadliest warrior' expansion is merely a gimmick to suck in spike tv mouthbreathers, I wouldn't bother with it.However, in terms of the innovative content, it truly is one of a kind. For now."
76561197991717924,Not Recommended,219640,24870297,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,AJABOOBOO,"Well it was good upon release but is now a glitch and exploit fest with a company that only cares about separating you from your money. Some would say this game requires a high skill ceiling and its just not true. Its a high glitch ceiling and thats it. No real patches except for the occasional driver update and alike that is SOP for any game company and thats it.combat mechanics are extremely glitchy and exploitable to the point of rediculous with animations thats are defenitly not designed for the exploitive moves that can be done in this game. Just look up reverse overheads and you will see what i mean.At first glance this game looks as thought it needs a lot of skill to play to outsiders and Tornbanner has taken advantage of this by creating the level 1-15 servers for beginers, but this isnt to get people accustomed to the gameplay its actually designed to run your refund clock down so you cant get your money back once you realize you have been scammed out of cash.It was good upon release even with the interface and menu bugs and had high potential but Tornbanner has squandered it in persuit of greed and money. Tornbanner only wants one thing: your money for nothing. Do yourself a favor and wait forhttp://mordhau.com/you will have a lot more fun with a game that is made by people who actually want to create a good product and not those who only want your money."
76561198345163960,Not Recommended,219640,29424670,Posted: 22 January,all,hayrierbaa,A server opening between 16-30 levels will be appropriate. It is unfair and unappealing to play with high level players.
76561198058449000,Recommended,219640,23302973,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Xuorel,"> Join dueling server> Select the Knight class> Queue up to fight> Get paired with a new player, knows nothing about the game> I do the crouch-smashing-your-head-into-the-floor gesture, as a sign of good luck to my opponent> I can smell his fear> See that he doesn't do the same gesture, I lose respect for this peasant> I move to the very center of the arena, allowing him to make the first move> He takes a swing, but block it as if it was nothing> I then slice his head off with my axe> I stare down at his headless corpse, hear and see blood spewing from his neck, his head rolls off to the side> Queue up again> And again, and again> Keep winning lots of duels> Next queue> Opponent is a formiddable one> We do the good luck gesture> We both walk to the center of the arena> I take a swing, and he blocks it as if it was nothing> He then slices off my head with his axe> He stares down at my corpse, sees and hears blood spewing out from my neck> Whoever fights noobs, should see to it that in the process he does become a noob. And if you gaze long enough into the blood spewing corpse, the corpse will gaze back into you. - Friedrich Nietzsche"
76561197992276588,Recommended,219640,8043479,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Strawberry Dan,AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198119413677,Not Recommended,219640,29365674,Posted: 19 January,all,Connor,Do not reccomend this game unless you are really good at exploiting♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,219640,9688595,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,aBereth,"I cannot recommend Chivalry anymore.What started as a promising game with some issues has stayed just that. If you are looking for a fun multiplayer hack'n'slash you'll get that, but the packaging around it is still as rough as ever. Though the combat is fast paced amd genuinly fun, frustration arises from all angles.The server browser is just bad. Attempting to join a full server will have you load the game and getting kicked afterwards for being full. No chance to qeue a server. Furthermore the settings are frequently resetting to default.Further problems arise with the combat system. Sometimes mousewheel up and down gets mixed up. The blocking is often really buggy and results in anger as to why a perfectly seeming block resulted in a hit.All in all I cannot recommend the game because it seems Torn Banner is rather focused on implementing unnecessary features and DLC than polishing the nice combat system to pure beauty. Customization of characters was only implemented to sell DLC hats and breaks the immersion. (Yeah look that Knight with the shiny pink helmet). Furthermore the DLC Deadliest Warrior is just a cash steal based on the prejudices of ""cool Ninja combat"" etc.Anyways I've had fun with the game before it became a cash cow and I am looking forward to Kingdom Come: Deliverance for my historical medieval combat fix."
,Not Recommended,219640,34217046,Posted: 13 August,all,Longboi,"This game has many bugs and glitches that are never going to get fixed. The developers have completely abandoned this game. The only updates are news pop-ups that advertise a new game Torn Banner is developing. I know this game was released in 2012 but since then the developers have had 5 years (5 years!) to fix some of the major bugs in the game but no. This game also allows players to exploit game physics to a point where combat becomes really annoying. (im talking about reverse overheads and intense spinning.) Being in 3rd person allows the player to see better but it also allows the player to spin like a freaking hurricane spamming lmb killing everything in his way and this is just one of the examples of the things that should not be part of the game for fair combat. The community is complete cancer, the whole game is rage based and it takes alot of hours to learn to block against high rank people who exploit game physics. I will continue to play this until this new medieval combat game comes out soon. But I will not recommend this game for anyone. This game is dead, full of bugs that will never be fixed. This game fails to be the game it advertises to be. Do not buy."
76561198101249471,Not Recommended,219640,22753629,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Dino_98v,spin to win
76561198065074355,Not Recommended,219640,13019318,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,The Lord of Tamworth,"So, my experience on Chivalry has been a rollercoaster, of good servers, bad servers and Sneaky Monkey servers. My first experience on one of these so called 'balanced' and 'limited archers' was interesting. Limited archer servers are usually  beautiful oasises in the middle of a desert full of archers, however SM servers arent. When you first join you may hear the familiar mating call of the black helm n***a knight, returning from their weekly ballerina lessons. You see them slowly run over the hill, you attempt to make a hastey escape as a Man At Arms, but with their steroid driven chase mechanic they make chase, with their mauls in their hands. As you run you hear them getting closer and closer, so you turn to fight. You block as they do their familiar ballerina twirl and their maul ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ crashes down upon your head as they try to anally penetrate you. With each crushing blow to your head, your brain becomes more and more condensed until it is a black hole, as the screen goes red you know what the knights are doing. they press X and then press 9, and you hear their oh too familiar laugh. You immediately take to the chat and say ""♥♥♥♥ING STUPID MAUL SCRUBS"", you immediately feel all eyes bare down upon you, and see your name in the kick box, however 10 seconds into the vote kick process you are insta-banned. You feel confused, until your friend in the skype call tells you that you have been kicked with -27166841645% voting yes, from this point forward you will always know how nobby the Sneaky Monkey admins are.The moral of this story?NeverEverGoOnASneakyMonkeyServer"
76561197987316701,Recommended,219640,33510965,Posted: 13 July,all,R4volT,The best and worst community on steam.The eternal fight between good and evil.The all-in-one game for true warriors......or masochists
76561198073490777,Recommended,219640,30090933,Posted: 21 February,all,BeautifulMountAiryLodge,"It has flaws, but it is my personal FAVORITE GAME EVER.I have been gaming since I could hold a remote, roughly 1989.  I've been a fan of numerous genres, from shooter to strategy to RPG and sports.  But always, always I longed for challenging, realistic, balanced melee combat.  Nothing has changed since I was 7 years old pretending to be a knight fighting my brother with foam swords.  I want to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥with a sword in the most convincing way possible.Some games came close, marrying decent swordplay to awesome games: Witcher, Ninja Gaiden, Dark Souls, etc.  Awesome games with amazing graphics, stories, etc.  But play 100 hours or so of Chivalry and you will realize that their swordplay is crap.  Chivalry is the best swordplay has ever been done and its not even close.Sadly, I don't expect Chivalry's swordplay to catch on and usher in a golden age of sword-fighting games.  Because it's HARD.  You will get destroyed for many hours the moment you step off the noob servers and into a real battle.  You will rage quit over and over.  The game somehow has a 79 on metacritic and the developer's next game is a stupid watered down casual-appeal sword and magic MOBA wannabe.Chivalry's graphics are dated, its buggy, it has few good maps, there are cheap mechanics that are popular with the pub-stars which make combat look silly.  And its still my favorite game.Take this combat system and throw it into a Skyrim type RPG with high production values and you instantly have the greatest game ever."
76561198019152277,Not Recommended,219640,8236120,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Spartacus,"Horrible horrible game - so buggy. Got this at a sale and this crap should have been fixed a year ago. Server list won't come up just like this guyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0IjT7Sn6EQ(and this was 8 months ago!)- I have to use console commands to get into servers but have to go into them blind (cannot see how populated they are, and have to find the ip address online). Tutorial crashes. Combat is clunky - which could be by design but when i change to throwing knives and urgently need a sword etc I want to be able to swap back before the overlong animation of taking out the knife completes. (I dnt care what he does with the knife - drop it whatever, fact is u die waiting for the animation). In general animations cannot be cancelled. If you can't go online don't think u can play vs bots - bots are available but never go for objectives (some of which need two ppl to complete). They are usually just clipping into walls or back at spawn doing derpy♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game has weapon progression where more weapons are unlocked by getting kills with weapons of the same tier - it broke. It worked up to a point but eventually the game stopped registering kill progess and reverts when the map changes. Broken♥♥♥♥♥game that no one should get. Should have been fixed long ago."
,Not Recommended,219640,34660354,Posted: 1 September,all,Navalny 20!8,"FIrst 15 - 20 hours in this game were amazing. tactics, combo, alternate attacks. But then... You reached 16 lvl and now you're able to fight with high lvl opponents. ""Finally, a fair match"". Nope. Feints. You just need to press 2 buttons and your enemy will be opened for fast attacks. Nope, no one has that reaction. So just use feint 1 time and then attack someone, you definitely will hit your opponent Yeah, nice feature, love it.Oh, you're finally found a good opponent on high lvl game. But some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥will ruin that duel, killing both of you.Everything in this game is bad except for graphics. Animation, key bindings (really, not anyone has 2 more buttons on mouse). High sensetivity♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with unblockable attacks, air kicks (your character can't move for a second), feint♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 30 - 50 lvls with 300 hours. I've had enough.Don't buy this game, I'm serious.Remember, No Honor."
76561198078599430,Not Recommended,219640,17064919,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Superbob321,"If you can swing around in circles like a ballerina then you should do fine.  The combat is horrible people just turn up there Sensitivity and swing in circles without any skill,they can 1 hit ko you :L"
76561197965554213,Not Recommended,219640,21814094,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Gibby,"The argument between the glitchy ""skill"" based pros spinning around like ♥♥♥♥wits and those who argue it ruins the game (which it does) always seems to focus on the fact that game balance is destroyed. For me, the worst thing is that all these animation glitching super skilled ""pro"" players ruin the atmosphere of the game.It used to be so fun playing a first person medieval combat game that had some real weight behind it. Everything felt pretty much right, and win or lose, some epic confrontations/scenarios would often play out. Now, you go on and see all these warriors spinning around, flailing whatever weapon in random directions to exploit the animation/hitbox engine for cheap kills. Winning has become everything. Why can't we just play more realistically and just have some fun in a medieval game?"
76561197988445370,Recommended,219640,1173125,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,renfield,Best melee combat game ever!!Pure first person adrenaline slasher. This is a multiplayer gore-fest on a blood-gurgling battlefield with great graphics and sounds. It lives with his teambased missions which is awesome fun! Check it out.
,Recommended,219640,32324459,Posted: 10 June,all,AFarCryAway,Playing this instead of For Honor is telling of just how wonderful and fun this game truly is. Never before have I had so much fun just swinging away like a madman at random people with a Claymore whilst calling them dirty peasants!
76561198128083061,Not Recommended,219640,13061708,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,The_DerBear_,"Love the game. Fun combat and great objective based games. But one of the worst communities on Steam I've ever seen.If you try defending yourself against your own teammates who are trying to kill you, you'll most likely be voted out of a game. No questions asked, don't even bother explaining the situation. When one guys types ""Kick so and so"", it is done. Unbalanced and unfair voting system."
76561198034967340,Recommended,219640,21043812,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ℜ | Huggles,"Listen folks, this Game is most definately not a bad game. A lot of the negative reviews about this game are people who have played this game for a long time and are mad at the devs.However competent devs or not, this game nails what is most important. It's FUN.I put in some crazy hours into this game, and while I do get a bit disgruntled every other match I play, the feels it gives are too good to ignore. Nothing will ever match the feeling of going up against 3 to 5 players at once and coming up on top by the slimmest of margins. Nothing will ever top the experience of sprinting full force into a moshpit of soldiers and swinging a giant hammer smashing heads like a ♥♥♥♥ing boss.This game's combat style takes a certain type of player to enjoy it, and as such it's very hit or miss.My advice, pick it up on sale. Either you screw around for like 10 or 20 hours and it will still have been worth it, or you will become totally consumed by the game and play it untill a better one with similar mechanics comes out. However, on sales where prcies are $10 to $5 it is most definately a must buy."
,Not Recommended,219640,9985188,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Adeptus,"Do not bother spending money with this game. It's a scam, if you wanna know why, read on.The first time I played this game, I had a blast. The second time, I had a nuclear explosion.At first I thought Chivalry was a fun game. You could explode people's head's with a punch, or Black Knight them removing limb by limb, roadhouse people to death and even beat them with a stick.Then the patches came. Patch after patch after patch, this game became unplayable. Most games reward skill, this one doesnt; it punishes it. Don't bother to spend some time learning a class, a weapon or a game style, or don't even bother learning the game or trying to be good at it, sooner or later there will be a patch that will literally screw things over for everyone, then you are back at noob camp. Like to use maces ? Well, soon there will be a patch that will make maces the ♥♥♥♥♥iest weapons in the game, now swords are the hype. Learned to use swords ? Well suck it up, patch has come and now swords are♥♥♥♥♥♥ maces are back, but now they cost more stamina.The developers of this game forsook gameplay and entertainment for an endless quest about ""balance"". It's not about fixing the bugs in the game, it's about nerfing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything that's though as unbalanced. ""Sure, let's keep the glitches and bugs, as long as knights can no longer outfight vanguards"". The catch is, at no point has it hit the devs that there will never be players will the same amount of skill; there will always be someone better, there will always be a weapon that's better than the other, unless you make them all the same.Nerfs in this game are inconsistent, random and uncalled. They range from simply altering the stats for a class, to completely overhauling the game out of the blue.What I learned with this game is, if you suck at it, cry about it on the devs forums and they'll release a patch that will nerf everything and make it easier for you, and harder for old players.So, bottom line: This game is a money trap. My recommendation is not to buy it. You'll have fun for a couple of months, you'll develop some skills. Then there will be a nerf, and everything goes down the drain. This game is a marketing pitch, a sales scam. The nerfs and patches have only one goal in mind: To always make the game easier for new players, recent buyers or potential customers, while always triving to bring down veteran players by forcing them to constantly change their gameplay stile."
,Recommended,219640,12522471,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Reapz,"Imagine Counterstrike, replace the ak47 for a sword and use it for decapitation."
76561198184035145,Not Recommended,219640,30084425,Posted: 21 February,all,dr pepe,"most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ community i've come across of, and i played league"
,Not Recommended,219640,18338406,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Tigroon,"I'm going to be honest. In my eight hours playing this game, I've had good times, and I've had bad.But overall, I'm going to have to give this game a no.Allow me to explain.The combat is heavily skill based, relying on you learning how to ' Get Gud '. While this is usually perfectly fine, and I enjoy a challenge, it does not work well when most of the rest of the community has two bodies, and a spare leg and a head above you in experience.You will rarely find other players that are at the start of the leveling tier. Why? Because most are turned away by the sheer cliff of difficulty when it comes to learning the moves of the game, and actually being able to combat people who have done it for far longer than you, of which is little to impossible.It gets worse when most of these high level players stack on their own team, making it impossible to make a dent, and ending with the match being steamrolled.I had fun at times, but overall, there's more rage than fun to be found here.I cannot reccommend this game, at this time.I'd more than happy give this another shot, if some sort of rank matchmaking system were implemented, placing you in games with people of your own level of skill. But unfortunately, even servers ment for someone of my skill level, are filled with players levels 20+, who mow down people like me in a moment.This needs to be fixed. Hopefully, someday it will.TL;DR: I want to badly love this game, but I simply can't."
76561198098483989,Not Recommended,219640,9806353,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,KING MARIZ,"Why, why, why? Why did I buy this game? It looks like never-finished-alpha-version. The tutorial is so buggy that I had to quit the game and start over because the message ""Press CTRL to crouch"" just wouldn't disappear. And believe me I crouched like 100 times!!! Overlapping text on the screen where you are supposed to choose the faction? Seriously? Nobody noticed before? Shame... The weapon masters usually say 2 sentences at the same time, so you can practice multitasking. How do they do it? It's a mystery. The gameplay doesn't have anything in common with Chivalry. It is about: Kill that guy in armor from behind while he is busy fighting the other guy. Chivalric it is!!! If there is a skirmish of more than 2 players, you can be pretty sure that you will get killed by the bad guy or by a friend. Because it is just unpredictable. Kids slashing their own team members and nothing happens? Facepalm... Another thing: So, I am with the red team. Great. But that guy with the red shield just killed me. Ahaaa! So it was just a freaking red shield but he belongs to the blue ones. Tricky one! So basically the point is to eliminate other players like in Counter Strike but only with slow and ""shtako"" weapons. No quests, no story. Just kill them and count the kills! The Deadliest Warrior DLC added at least some cool looking characters and obviously time travelling feature. I am pretty sure that Ninjas, Pirates with pistols and Spartans wouldn't like to cooperate, so lets kill each other. This is the first opportunity to do it because they would never meet in the real world. I'll play it when I'm drunk, maybe I'll change my opinion. And maybe I will forgive... Once..."
76561198027216148,Recommended,219640,16533240,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Commander Paquette,"You will not find another game out there like Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. What seperates this game from other fighting games is the in-depth, real-time melee mechanics that create both an infinite skill ceiling and the ability to read and predict your opponent(s) in order to overcome. Just like any other game worth playing, once you master the basics (combining footwork and attack momentum, feinting/dragging, identifying weapons for strengths and weaknesses, exploiting an opponents attack pattern, ducking horizontals and sidestepping stabs and overheads, etc.), you'll be a lvl 10-20 making us lvl 50s look stupid. This game is more phychological and intense than any other game I've ever played and theres no limitations other than your ""creativity cap"". Every type of class, weapon, and personal style has an equal and an opposite that can counter or be countered. The hard truth about this game is simple...no matter what you use, nothing is more powerful than how you use it. A smart archer with a dagger can dress-down a dumb knight with a sword of war in seconds.Most of the negative feedback comes from individuals who get exploited for their impatience, predictability, and lack of attention to detail. As I previously stated, this game is psychological and most players simply can't hang due to their...mental malfunctions. If you can clear your head, feel out your foes, and master the speed and distance of your weapon and theirs...they'll be playing counter strike for the rest of the week.This game, in my opinion, seperates the calm and collected from the angry and absurd. Those of us who have been dueling one another for over a year can tell you one thing...chivalry is a game of minds. Once you lose your head behind the keyboard, you'll get to see yours, in-game, gently rolling down a hill. If you're intelligent and assertive, losing become learning and it's smooth sailing from then on. If you want the feeling of having full control of your opponents by reading and bleeding them, this game is for you.Note: This game's only flaw from my chair are the custom maps. They're big, beautiful, and have fun objectives, but most servers seem to have problems running them smoothly regardless of system specs and ping (it might be memory issues related to some custom map servers). If you're just starting out, stick to default maps and duels/duelyards. Do not waste your time in begginers channels. Very few of them utilize feints, drags, footwork, etc. It's like watching monkeys in a slap-fight and you will get worse playing bad players. No one gets good at this game by running over whiny pre-teens so I recommend you hop in a game with patient, high ranking players. Most of us would be more than happy to help train you to bend the learning curve and cut through the crap. I would not have put in a fraction of the hours in this game if it wasnt for good people/players lending me a hand and helping me understand the game from their perspective. Enough chatter, get medieval on some fannys."
76561198142423626,Not Recommended,219640,18159158,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Imperatum,"Stupid game with a lots of glitcher, bug users .. U have to learn of to use thoses glitch for win 1vs1 because it's how this game ""work"", add a toxic cummunity, a spam of archer and you have chivalry : A useless game with stupid rules. Skip this game, after some hours, not even a bit of fun."
,Recommended,219640,30777731,Posted: 27 March,all,Mariohuge,"I bought this a year or so ago and it was on sale for 3 bucks,  The community is full of tryhards, but if you can set aside some time with friends (especially now that it's free) you're in for a fun time. Plus it's beautiful to see a hammer break off someone's head."
,Recommended,219640,20298889,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Narukoopa,"“I saw my body slump to the floor, some distance away and then the hammer-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ was standing over me, attempting to play croquet with what remained of my face.” -Rock Paper ShotgunBetter than:War of the RosesWorse than:Mount & Blade: WarbandTL:DRAlthough difficult, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare provides many hours of entertainment. That is, if you're good at keeping your rage in. If you're not good at that then this is not the game for you. Chivalry is a very competitive, but gory, game that takes time to perfect your skill at playing it.NOTE:This game doesn't really have a story or characters, so I shall be missing those catergories off for this review.GameplayThe gameplay for Chivalry is like any FPS game (But with swords, axes etc.). There are many gamemodes available to players the moment they launch the game. These gamemodes consist of things like: Team Deathmatch, Free-For-All, Team Objective and many more. As I mentioned earlier, this game has a huge learning curve. Unless you are a pro when it comes to competitive games, you will not be good at this game straight away. You will also very likely be in a game with people a lot better than you, and know more skills and tactics than you do, but that doesn't mean you stop trying, eventually you'll adapt. Depending on the kind of audience, the gameplay in this game is a hard one to judge. If you're used to competitive games, this will most likely be fine for you, if you're not you might struggle at first.Design/GraphicsThere are plenty of different maps in Chivalry, all of which, have a unique feel to them. Whether you're fighting in a forest or sieging a castle, this game has perfectly designed maps fitted for the kind of game it is. Character models can be a bit clunky when it comes to them moving and turning around. As for the graphics, I never had a problem with them. There are plenty of different graphics settings and it doesn't take a super computer to run them high. :)UI [User Interface]Again, I never had a problem with the UI of this game. The settings are easy to navigate, and if you want to votekick someone, it isn't that hard to find out how. The customization screen can be complicated for some people but other than that, for what it is, it's fine.Pros- Plenty of hours of enjoyment- Very competitive- Plenty of weapons- Interesting maps- Great combat- Multiple gamemodesCons- Steep learning curve- Team-killers- Put against higher levels- CheatersFinal RecommendationEven though Chivalry can be annoying at times, I enjoy raging at other players, and the amount of people calling each other hackers, it's quite entertaining. I would certaintly recommend playing this game if you like competitive games, or just want to improve on them. Plus if you like gory games you'll want to play this, trust me!Final Verdict - 8/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEzfzis725khttp://store.steampowered.com/app/219640/What did you think of my review?If you liked it, please make sure to give it a thumbs up, and if you want to see more of my reviews, stay tuned on my curator page by clickinghere.Thanks for Reading!"
76561197995911949,Recommended,219640,13533977,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Git Gudenberg,"Chivalry is love, Chivalry is lifeDespite being a bit glitchy, this game is a hell of a lot of fun!If the developers continue to support the game with content and bugfixing,which, in fact, they did, this will definitely become my all-time favourite multiplayer game.What is Chivalry and why is it good?Chivalry is a game comparable toMount & BladeorWar of the Rosesbut then again it's somewhat faster, more accessible and at the same time harder to master and moreskill-rewarding. The gameplay first seems pretty simple: While you parry with the right mouse, you can combo three different strike types:Side-swingOverhead-SwingStabThecore elementof the gameplay is that these strikes can beaccelerated,slowed down,comboedand shifted into various directions by moving/dragging the mouse. It could be described as ""drawing your strike lines"".Chivalry: Medieval Warfarecalls thisreal-time control.This system makes it challenging (but also rewarding) for the players to actually parry incoming strikes, because they have to move their mouse accordingly, for you are only able to parry an incoming strike by aiming your crosshair at the tip of the enemy weapon. What might sound easy or even repetitive and boring, is, for me, in reality the most thrilling sword-gameplay out there.Update: Chivalry, in fact became my all-time favourite game, due to its accessibility, steep and rewarding learning curve11/10Would die for the glory of Agatha again"
,Recommended,219640,25170737,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ξ | Ember,"Can take heads off. 10/10 would buy againAll jokes aside, chivalry is a great game. I remember my first time playing, hardly getting 4 kills but being happy at the end of the match just because of the pure enjoyment and rush of battle.This game really needs some more population, at least for the central United States area. Most servers that are populated now days are east coast servers that I'll do good to get ping around 80 or so, instead of the 30 and below mark. Ping is crucial to enjoying this game. Lag kills the fun. Everyone knows that.I have a few words of wisdom to all players considering buying the game or players who are just new to the game. Chivalry is a fairly straight forward game, though there is a very steep learning curve if you so choose to progress in the game. a good 85 - 90% of the people you run into will be seasoned and have many tricks up their sleeve, thus making it extremely difficult for the newer guys to have fun and stick with the game. I've seen it many times. Example, a level 17 going against a horde of level 35's who have been trained by vets or are on alternate accounts. Usually the 17 will just quit out of frustration and never play again because they literally stand no chance. That was their experience of the game. Some will argue that ""That's what the level 0 - 15 servers are for..."" But, what good does that do if you have the people making alternate accounts to exploit the low level servers? On top of that, from level 0 - 15, in an environment made strictly of those levels, you will NOT learn how to efficiently protect yourself from the higher level and more experienced players. as soon as you hit 16, you're thrown out with the sharks. The point of all this being to practice, ask questions to the higher level players, look up videos, and observe.My overall review would be to recommend you purchase the game. But do it knowing what you're getting yourself into. Hope the review helps you gain an understanding of what this game consists of nowdays. Good luck my friends."
,Not Recommended,219640,23705817,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ᛇᚹᚫᛉ,"Please, good sir knight take off your helmet what the f*ck you're a FISH! That a lightsaber? where'd you get that.Where are you going? SSTOP SPINNING AROUND LIKE A F*CKING BALLERINA!!!"
76561198049689075,Not Recommended,219640,33571831,Posted: 15 July,all,Bald Man,"A broken mess that the developers do not seem to care about.Torn Banner, the devs of this game, have either completely forgotten how to patch simple things, or are simply too lazy to fix them. This game could've been so much more but it falls flat on its face with its broken systems, terrible votekicking system,   etc. Unless you have a friend for something as fun as duel mode then I really don't reccomend this game and even then duel mode is severely lacking some polish and extra options.There are so many bugs that have somehow not been patched its really amazing, you might think I'm being stupid since they're busy on Mirage but even then these bugs were present for years before, yet they still prosper even now. For one example if you unlock a weapon don't expect to keep it for long as me and my friend have both lost equipment time and time again for seemingly no reason. Another is the fact that the maximum FOV setting is bugged and you can easily see through your own arms.The multiplayer can be fun at times but there is a very big chance of getting votekicked for abismal reasons like ragevotes and simple ping issues that really aren't a big deal. The ping ratios can be extremely screwed at times which makes it hard to not get kicked (even if you have a fairly small ping of only around 100).The multiplayer is also extremely toxic and full of ragers and the like that will constantly be a small annoyance, best to simply stay quiet as you can if that is the situation so you don't get assaulted with votekicks. Then again there are those servers who are very tolerable and are sometimes full of good people, but It'll be a long time before you might find one of those.As far as I can recall, there has not been that many new maps for a while, and as such the game is getting rather stale.Simply put, If you're looking for a good medieval combat game, then this might do the trick if you're willing to put up with all of the explained stuff above. If you don't want all of that then wait for a game called Mordhau, which by looking at it is going to be much better than this judging by the videos they have on their website.But, who cares. Duel mode with friends is fun as hell."
,Recommended,219640,9137173,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Lord Kres,"My friend recommended this game so i bought it. I would give it 93/100At my first battle i runned towards the enemy and i shouted YYYAAAAAAAAAAAARRRGGH!!!!continiously pressing ""C"" (Warcry) i shouted to my mic (it wasn´t even on) ""I KILL YOU ALL!""My fellow soldier falled beside me, and i was like ""You bast*rds!""Then i took an arrow straight in to my eye...I thought ""Phf, that shot was only beginners luck..""I charged again (And again shouting, high and loud)Knight with a two handed axe saw me and started running to me,i blocked the first hit and then he cutted my head of....There was a moment of silence and then i was like ""what the...""Then i charged again, and this time i got my first kill.An archer shot me, the arrow went past my head,i throwed my axe and it hit him straight to the face.As the archer falled to his knees and obviously he was dead already,i slahed with my sword and cut his arm off.After that i have loved this game, it is really brutal,hard at first and really makes me feel that im on the battlefield.Chivarly: Medieval Warfare is one of the greatest medieval battle games i have ever played.With this game, i can fullfill my dream and run in to the battle with my Greatsword.So gear up my fellow soldiers, and rule the battlefield!"
,Not Recommended,219640,28867920,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Badger,I don't like it anymore but it's the only game of its kind.
,Recommended,219640,7913472,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Wasdom Kung™,"By far the best medieval game I've ever played. Immersive, fun and competitive all at once. Definitely recommend getting this whilst it's cheap!"
,Recommended,219640,32875828,Posted: 27 June,all,Jusku,So many ♥♥♥♥ing heads being decapitated :D
76561198007684250,Not Recommended,219640,17446247,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Wit,Select weapon and crash/10
76561198092444616,Recommended,219640,14656627,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Dinguin Farster®,"i dont have this game but Steam is lettimg me review it.11/10okay fine, now i have it. Manly screams and grunts galore!"
,Not Recommended,219640,30050149,Posted: 19 February,all,R3T.R0,"Using rapid mouse movements to alter weapon's hitboxes is not only unfun to play against but looks also extremely idiotic. Was fun when it came out and pretty much everyone played for fun, but now it's just a frustration not worth putting up with."
,Not Recommended,219640,24772908,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Wiegraf,"I played the game mostly at a friend's house before buying the game (and even then, I hardly played it myself due to a bug mentionned further below); the total playtime isn't representative of my actual time spent with C:MW.The age of chivalry has endedChivalry: Medieval Warfare is a good idea that, over the course of years, has been slowly been turned into a worst one. Granted, the game offers a more approachable gameplay than ""War of the Roses"" but also feels much more basic.The gameplay was originally very interesting and even enticing but slowly turned into a rather unpleasant mess that carries little to no weight other than making impacts feel artifically heavy.Experience may vary but mostly disappoint (today)As stated before, the game was once an approachable, easy to learn and difficult to master kind of experience. Fights felt fair and while there were instance of people giving up melee combat for ranged combat entirely, you rarely ended up with rage-quitting situations unless you fought very sour players.Nowadays however, the 'fun' has been thrown out of the window entirely with players able to experience a shadow of what the game felt like from rank 0 to 15 servers and even then, that is a very deceptive expectation given the amount of experienced players making alt-accounts only to be able to beat down on new players.Post rank 15, the game becomes a very glitch-abuse heavy experience where actual reflexes and skill have no more meaning. People will abuse the game to the point of making fights completely unmanageable and unless you are willing to partake in such abuse yourself, then you will be at a severe disadvantage.It seems the balance has also been heavily modified and some of the map designs have very obvious flaws, often giving objective maps a very obvious advantage to the defending team (and while that is a logical advantage to any defense worth its salt, it goes to the level of attackers getting ganked the moment they step out of their spawn with disgusting frequency).There are still bugs that remains that makes some matches completely unplayable, one in particular that affects me at times is that it is impossible to join the action even after choosing a team and a class, being stuck in spectator mode even though there are open slots in the server.I know it is a rather strange bug to have though it seems to persist after installing the game from my old computer to the new one which leads me to believe it might be Steamworks related.ConclusionPost release and a few months after, the game had potential; it was fun, people fought for the fun of fighting with swords. If you are now considering the game, I would advise against buying it simply because the experience has devolved into an unpleasant mess that favors the exploitation of glitches that aren't being fixed and is certainly no longer worth the retail price of 27 CAD$.A shame that a game once loved has only gotten this worst with time."
,Recommended,219640,29387774,Posted: 20 January,all,SPH4E,"Poor Saracens, they won't get away with it. - ""A crusader, 1097, Jerusalim."""
,Recommended,219640,19289780,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Benne,"Chivalry ReviewGameplayIn Chivalry: Medieval Warfare you can play as Vanguard, Knight, Archer and Man-At-Arms.Vanguard is more for long range combat, becouse he oftes use long weapons.Knight is mainly for doing alot of damage.Man-At-Arms use short weapons and are very fast, so his attack speed is better but he dont do as much damage and he needs to get close to the enemy.Archers are long ranged, they use bows and crossbows, but they also have a dagger.You generate health automaticly when you have full stamina.As a NewbieAs a newbie there are servers that are limited up to maybe level 10. This makes it alot easier to get into the game, and really understand/ learn it.Mods?Chivalry do have modded servers. For example one mod gives you a lasersword insead of the normal weapons, it's basicly called Lasor Sword Mod.Another one makes you bigger the more kills you get without dying, but when you die you go back to normal, it's called  Giant Slayers.The last one im going to tell you about is the Black Knight mod. In Black Knight you can lose a arm, a leg, both arms even your head without dying (I think you die after 10 or 15 seconds if you lose your head....), and it's really fun.There are maps you can download too.SummeryIt's a great game, I would say pick it up when it's on sale, I bought it on summer sale 2015, my friend recomended it.Just so you know there i ingame purchases, but it's only skins and nothing you really need.I don't like that they have ingame purchases, they are already charging pretty much when it's not on sale.But I love that they have modded servers.I hope you found this helpful, if you did could you please give it a thumbs up so I can that what Im doing is correct, if you would like me to change something in my review please write a comment, :D"
,Recommended,219640,11739912,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,SHARKE BYTE,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him ""If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop smoking immediately""Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up right away, sadly three years alter he died of lung cancer.It was really sad and destroyed my mother, she said to me ""Please quit smoking. Please don't put your family through what your grandfather put us through""I agreed and quit smoking as well as drinking 3 years ago, now at 22 years oldI feel some sense of regret for quiting smoking and drinking since this game gave me cancer anyway..."
,Not Recommended,219640,8233283,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Reldio,"Seems like a solid buy at first. Unique online medieval fighting game? Great idea. After several hours, you'll realise that this game is fundamentally broken. Hitboxes are all bugged, weapons are really imbalanced, maps are average, playerbase unfriendly. There aren't really any redeeming features to this, either, aside from fun voice commands to spam.Don't buy it, man. You'll regret it."
76561198067846289,Not Recommended,219640,33884383,Posted: 29 July,all,Æthelwulf,"Decent game, but the community is cancer."
76561198044132622,Recommended,219640,30803297,Posted: 28 March,all,A Rather Fly Kinda Guy,"Seizure inducing burly guys spinning in a middle school mosh pit screaming with voice acting provided by real life men while they're being branded like cattle. Mosh pit turns into salsa bowl as burly ballerinas are reduced to gore piles by bey blade-esque techniques and screaming slowly fades out. Two men stand in this salsa bowl whilst waiting for the others to respawn. Their eyes locked like star crossed lovers, yet only one can be given the victory to keep screaming.After 7-18 seconds of blocking and picking up contact lenses to dodge swings, a victor remains. The other man rests in a pool of his own blood.There is silence, followed by a voice command.""SORRY"">Teamkill"
,Recommended,219640,14108959,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ValentinBk,My gore review video for this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1o3dXQMbqvETL;DW - satisfying
76561198006855076,Not Recommended,219640,17944025,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Borgatschow,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE A MAC!It's absolutely unplayable even on lowest settings!I play on a Mac Book ProIntel i7 2,5 Ghz quad16GB ram DDR3GeForce GT 750M 2GBI know that there are performance differences between games on MAC and PC, and i don't expect the game to run perfect on very high settings. But this isn't even working a bit! EVEN on a resolution of 640*480!!!!!!!! and lowest settings the FPS is dropping during battle to 1-10 FPS!I read in many forums that mac players have this Problem since at least january 2015! And in 9 Months there seemed nothing to be happened to solve this issues. I think it's absolutely shameless to sell and keep selling a product for plattforms where it doesn't work!If you have a Windows PC. Enjoy, seems to be really fun...."
,Recommended,219640,34026024,Posted: 4 August,all,Danzel,"When I first started playing Chivalry I had one hell of a great time. It's gritty, realistic and very satisfying to play. From mass melee's to meeting a single opponent in a corridoor and having an epic duel. I loved this game.Then after earning a certain amount of experience I was forced out of the ""New player"" bracket, to which you can never return. At first I thought this made sense, and seemed acceptable. A good way of making sure new players don't get rekt straight away by people with hundreds or thousands of hours played.Problem is, after you leave the new player bracket, chivalry goes from a gritty, bloody and enjoyable melee-fest, to a breakdancing simulator.Spectating two vetern players in a duel is like watching ice skaters that defy all laws of physics. Ironically, the people that put the most time into this game are the ones slowly killing it. Although I can't blame them, the mechanics allow for this, so.. abusable mechanics will always be abused.If you want a really fun and original FPS combat experience, you will get that in the new player bracket. After this, you have two options; continue to fight 'normally' and have your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you. Or learn how to 'matrix' and play with stupid high mouse sensitivity and take part in dancing comeptitions with swords.In conclusion, I still have to recommend this game, there's nothing else quite like it that I know of, it's a great experience for a certain amount of time, and I definetly feel as though I got my money's worth. It's just sad that the 'end-game' revolves around how well you can breakdance, not how well you can wield a weapon.TL:DR; New players will absolutely love this game, until you're out of the new player bracket and game becomes a breakdancing simulator, where you either dedicate the vast majority of your free-time to learning how to breakdance with a 2 handed-maul, or dump the game and move on like the vast majority of people.Shame, really."
76561198021539665,Not Recommended,219640,8058699,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,pearrots,CMW.exe has stopped working...
,Not Recommended,219640,17873563,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,p3p,"not recommended!!! people were too rude, got kicked on my second game cause im new. community is toxic as, full of wannabe's and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..get ""Verdun"" instead of getting this one."
,Not Recommended,219640,17479524,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,人形,"I was disappointed by this game. Even though I loved this game for quite a while,I cannot recommend it.The Good:1. The Tutorial;2. Character customization;3. The combat felt intense and fulfilling;4. Team objective is really well done;5. Using the voice commands to taunt or laugh at your opponents and to direct your teammates and battlecrying.The Bad:1. The game isn't too well optimized.(There's lag issues on almost every server, hit detection issues, and heavy exploits of hitboxes);2. Ret@rded community who really ruins this game;3. Ret@rded system of balance of teams;4. Bugs, bugs and bugs. In the level design, in the combat, in the animations and the graphics.(No they wont fix bugs, devs are too lazy to fix. Main task of developers now to make you pay for texture of a weapon.);5. It's breaking, it's collapsing under the chaos in their code, and each new adaption just kills the game more;6. Unbalanced weapons, to be fair this was always a factor but instead of making the underpowered weapons better they make them all crap;7. Ret@rded VAC and huge number of cheaters.(For instance, there are certain players who spin like mother♥♥♥♥ing ballerinas and kill everyone because their attacks cannot be parried. It is really unfair and it ruins the game.);Unfortunately it is a great concept and a unique experience, yet ruined by the garbage community exploiting and abusing the game mechanics in every way possible and developers not care about fixing anything."
,Recommended,219640,18386820,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,InhalerOfMoistMeals,"The more skill you get at this game, the weirder you fight..."
,Recommended,219640,12722863,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Kdux,TF2 in the past
76561197988304909,Not Recommended,219640,16062621,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,$un$et_157,I used to like this game very much back in 2012 (when the game first release)I face many player in Japan server and used to be top 5 in in that serverI now back to Thailand try to play in Singapore server got kicked by being too goodI not suggest this game to anyone whose live in sea anymoreso only problem is bad community except from that ♥♥♥♥ing good game
,Not Recommended,219640,29887234,Posted: 12 February,all,Mister Psycho,FULL BUG and CHEATERS !
76561198129380739,Recommended,219640,29943442,Posted: 15 February,all,Goodbye Agony αηтιғα,Better than ''for honor'' .
,Not Recommended,219640,16378946,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Cody,"Well what can I really say about this game?- Lots of Team killing.- Lots of screaming.- Teleporting wizards with flying projectiles- ""Realism""Seriously though, this game wasn't worth the buy because a lot of the ""Veteran"" players are so harsh to new players and they just gank on you. Making it as if It's Dark Souls II or Counter Strike. Not to mention if you're to be attacking someone with a brazilian internet, you're not gonna be damaging them, but they will damage you. Have fun whoever decided to buys this trash.6/10 it was at least $2.49"
76561198062692105,Not Recommended,219640,12471959,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,casualrocket,"With forced phyics and unbalanced classes, would not recommed. unless you like pain. got to lvl 21 expericnce a unlikable community and bad gameplay."
76561198079854838,Recommended,219640,12699234,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,.44magnum,I get hit more by team mates then enemies xD
76561197978524092,Not Recommended,219640,31260815,Posted: 20 April,all,Mad-dog,"Loved this game until, the community of exploiters ruined it."
,Not Recommended,219640,13161627,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Unruku,"Fantastic idea and well-executed gameplay, ruined by one of the worst online communities I've ever seen. Excellent for playing against bots or in private matches with friends, terrible for online matches."
,Recommended,219640,7637769,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Riley,"Help, help me! H-h-help! I need heeeelp! Help help me! Ohhhh Heeeelp! Help help me! Help meee! H-h-help help me! Oh help heeeeelp! Help meee! I need heeeeelp! Help help me! H-h-help! Ooooh help! Help meeee! I need heeeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! Heeeeelp! H-help help me! Help meeee! H-help, help me! Help! I need heeeeelp! Oh help heeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! I need heeeelp! Help help me! Ohhhh Heeeelp! Help help me! Help meee! H-h-help help me! Oh help heeeeelp! Help meee! I need heeeeelp! Help help me! H-h-help! Ooooh help! Help meeee! I need heeeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! Heeeeelp! H-help help me! Help meeee! H-help, help me! Help! I need heeeeelp! Oh help heeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! I need heeeelp! Help help me! Ohhhh Heeeelp! Help help me! Help meee! H-h-help help me! Oh help heeeeelp! Help meee! I need heeeeelp! Help help me! H-h-help! Ooooh help! Help meeee! I need heeeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! Heeeeelp! H-help help me! Help meeee! H-help, help me! Help! I need heeeeelp! Oh help heeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! I need heeeelp! Help help me! Ohhhh Heeeelp! Help help me! Help meee! H-h-help help me! Oh help heeeeelp! Help meee! I need heeeeelp! Help help me! H-h-help! Ooooh help! Help meeee! I need heeeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! Heeeeelp! H-help help me! Help meeee! H-help, help me! Help! I need heeeeelp! Oh help heeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! I need heeeelp! Help help me! Ohhhh Heeeelp! Help help me! Help meee! H-h-help help me! Oh help heeeeelp! Help meee! I need heeeeelp! Help help me! H-h-help! Ooooh help! Help meeee! I need heeeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! Heeeeelp! H-help help me! Help meeee! H-help, help me! Help! I need heeeeelp! Oh help heeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! I need heeeelp! Help help me! Ohhhh Heeeelp! Help help me! Help meee! H-h-help help me! Oh help heeeeelp! Help meee! I need heeeeelp! Help help me! H-h-help! Ooooh help! Help meeee! I need heeeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! Heeeeelp! H-help help me! Help meeee! H-help, help me! Help! I need heeeeelp! Oh help heeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! I need heeeelp! Help help me! Ohhhh Heeeelp! Help help me! Help meee! H-h-help help me! Oh help heeeeelp! Help meee! I need heeeeelp! Help help me! H-h-help! Ooooh help! Help meeee! I need heeeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! Heeeeelp! H-help help me! Help meeee! H-help, help me! Help! I need heeeeelp! Oh help heeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! I need heeeelp! Help help me! Ohhhh Heeeelp! Help help me! Help meee! H-h-help help me! Oh help heeeeelp! Help meee! I need heeeeelp! Help help me! H-h-help! Ooooh help! Help meeee! I need heeeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! Heeeeelp! H-help help me! Help meeee! H-help, help me! Help! I need heeeeelp! Oh help heeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! I need heeeelp! Help help me! Ohhhh Heeeelp! Help help me! Help meee! H-h-help help me! Oh help heeeeelp! Help meee! I need heeeeelp! Help help me! H-h-help! Ooooh help! Help meeee! I need heeeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! Heeeeelp! H-help help me! Help meeee! H-help, help me! Help! I need heeeeelp! Oh help heeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! I need heeeelp! Help help me! Ohhhh Heeeelp! Help help me! Help meee! H-h-help help me! Oh help heeeeelp! Help meee! I need heeeeelp! Help help me! H-h-help! Ooooh help! Help meeee! I need heeeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! Heeeeelp! H-help help me! Help meeee! H-help, help me! Help! I need heeeeelp! Oh help heeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! I need heeeelp! Help help me! Ohhhh Heeeelp! Help help me! Help meee! H-h-help help me! Oh help heeeeelp! Help meee! I need heeeeelp! Help help me! H-h-help! Ooooh help! Help meeee! I need heeeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! Heeeeelp! H-help help me! Help meeee! H-help, help me! Help! I need heeeeelp! Oh help heeeeelp! Help, help me! H-h-help! I need heeeelp! Help help me! Ohhhh Heeeelp! Help help me! Help meee! H-h-help help me! Oh help heeeeelp!"
76561198122267904,Not Recommended,219640,16253037,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,michaelhoward577,very laggy
76561198035884124,Recommended,219640,29959993,Posted: 16 February,all,Graficar92,Cheaper then ''For Honor''
,Recommended,219640,13547240,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,~zXFTYWPo,"Chivalry, is   not   deadBut you will be playing this game!Ahah, well to start off... CoD yes, that sort of game! However this comes off as more real, you know not with a load of distractions.. this feels more bare, simple and not so tarted up! Done good and proper I say.I do not wish to compare it intricately to others akin to it, so I will not so much :  )It features, some helping mechanics to of course, simulate physics. Theese include slight slip streaming when sprinting beheind another sprinter! Yes the norm, (or should be in most cases) having slower speeds over all when being a suposedly heavy character, and the other way round for lightness.You get a weapon swing feature, where you are able to speed up/slow down your weapon mid-swing/slash ect.Chivalry includes a marvolous training sector. Which is stuependously good! Also acting as part ""Campaign"" or story :)A great game indeed! This will be a most fine expierience for you and others. Be chivalrous and dance along your way.I may add to this"
76561198010121604,Not Recommended,219640,29787160,Posted: 8 February,all,Lokido5,"This game has many Problems and it's not worth playing this game no more for me even though I had it for 1 year there are way to many exploiters in the game The Hit boxes on the player are missing you would have to hit away from your target to even hurt them one time but that does not work as often and Even if you have low setting and a good Graphics card The game will lag so much that it would break your game even in the training it goes that same with Multiplayer. I say do not buy this game unless you want to deal with exoloiters, Missing hit Boxes, and Major Lag even if you have the best stuff and super low settings to play this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,17935223,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,PewPewPew!,"I don't usually write reviews, but I do like this game and hope it could be better.Pros:This game is fun.  It would be worth paying money for if they fix the problems.Cons:There are a lot of bugs that indicate a lack of polish* I can't set my screen resolution for fullscreen to anything but my native desktop resolution.  Workaround is to set game to windowed mode with a set resolution via steam launch options then set to fullscreen after login.  There is a change resolution option in the game, but it doesn't have any options but my desktop res.* When attpempting to join a game that is full, a chunk of code error shows up rather than a message saying the game is full.  Not a problem, but seems like something that would be trivial to fix.* Game objectives that show up on the map sometimes have game error text rather than actual names* There is apparently a known bug on arena team matches where you sometimes don't spawn.  Based on other posts it has been around a long time and is quite common.* Players in team matches can apparently have skins/colors that override the team color, so the only way to tell what team they are on is to mouse over them and see if the dot is red.  This is rediculous.* Performance on a lot of maps is terrible, mainly because they make them large with tons of detail.  We don't really care how pretty the game looks, we'd rather it not chop.* Archer is quite frustrating to play.  Quite often shots go right through people without hitting them.* Block seems to be able to block attacks even from behind if attacking with a slash, and from multiple opponents.* There is no cost to being blocked.  If two people keep blocking/attacking each other, it will continue endlessly, pretty much regardless of weapon speed (dagger might be the only exception.)  I've heard it's supposed to attack faster after you block (riposte) but if it's there it's too miniscule to matter.  Think Assassin's Creed swordfighting without having a counter attack. This also applies to blocking multiple enemies simultainously."
76561198001780420,Not Recommended,219640,12435760,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,*TRF* Mr Annoying,"A real slap in the face to the orriginal Age of Chivalry community.This game takes everything the orriginal game did right and does it wrong.Movement is on par with being in a straight jacket there is absolutely no flexabilitywhatsoever. You can not customize swings as you can barely turn at all when attacking .This leads to linear boring uncreative combat.If you think lighting fast reactions times will help you think again. Combat is slower than watching grass grow. You can comfortably go and make yourself a cup of tea  come back and still have time to parry.I've heard of simplyfying games for the masses but this is rediculous.The controls are also needlessly silly needing a dedicated button to switch for a particular weapon , fast weapon scrolling is not an option. There are also dedicated buttons for each single opposite direction attack instead of 1 key that would revert the attack angle.Another thing worth mentioning is its disregard for it's historic roots. The iconic Mason dragon is replaced by yes.. a bird..  and mason knights now look like muslim warriors .If your into skilled gameplay and lightning fast reactions stay clear of this game and check out Age Of Chivalry the best FPM of all time."
,Recommended,219640,23648135,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Legit Booty Warrior,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZvbN4MXQDM
,Not Recommended,219640,10930333,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Shralla,"As with so many other games with smaller communities, the developer was forced to cater to the existing vocal userbase in order to keep their game afloat. Since launch there have been a number of changes made in the name of ""balance"" which ultimately turn what was a brilliant first-person medieval combat game into a boring, back and forth attack-and-parry system, reminiscent of Hollywood fight scenes rather than actual medieval combat.I used to recommend this game, but can't any longer."
,Recommended,219640,13222612,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"This game is a ton of fun. It doesnt necessarily look the best (Unreal 3 engine I believe), but it more than makes up for it with solid gameplay, ballsy attitude, and well populated servers (32 player matches). It's multi player only, although you can set up private servers and populate with bots if you prefer. Matches are your typical Deathmatch, Objectives (which are basically one team defending and the other attacking with objectives as you go along such as burning down or crashing gates, smashing towers, and so on on route to eventually trying to kill the King), Free For All (everybody vs everybody), etc..., but they are all quite fun. I've played through four different maps so far. I'm not sure how many more there are, but it's a little consequence. The gameplay is more important than the locations with this game.The learning curve can be steep depending on the type of warrior you select as well as their loadout, (which is initially limited, but unlocks more stuff as you keep getting experience), but it is also pretty easy to get into the flow of the game. You WILL die a lot, and often in hilarious ways, such as getting set on fire just before having your head and an arm hacked off. You can also shout battlecries to your hearts content, lol.You do get penalized for hitting your own teammates, which takes the form of longer respawn times, and if you are a repeat offender, everybody on your team gets to vote on whether or not to kick you. You can also switch sides if you like, mid game, and in fact, the game will sometimes rebalance and shift you automatically to even out the teams.  Speaking of respawns, while you are waiting, you basically are the ghost of your now dead warrior and can float around and/or above the battlefields checking out the battles while you wait.All told, the game is a ton of fun to play, and I think it is pretty hilarious as well, with the graphic deaths, copious battle cries, and people running around like madmen.Initially, I thought this was about 8/10, but the more I play, the more I lean closer to a full 10/10."
76561198014940246,Not Recommended,219640,13307747,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Ȼ | Fire,"This game can go too hell, ive played 1400 hours in this game, i loved it in the beginning but the more TB ""updates"" the game, the buggier it gets, so ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ing game to hell"
,Not Recommended,219640,14682127,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,♋Karkat Vantas,"I regret buying this game.I bought Chivalry Medieval Warfare for the sake of getting my jollies off of the fact that I really do love anything medieval that tries to go for some sort of realism. However I'm sad to say that this game did not deliver on my expectations at all.First thing here is the issue with teamkilling. Teamkilling in this game is barely punished, all you get after hurting your team is more seconds on the respawn counter. That's not a good punishment at all, and that's only because team killing happens every 15 seconds of the game. You would think that your teammates would know what teams they're on but no. There's so many things in the game that gives you no excuse on being hostile to friendies, and the two big ones are your team colors and uniforms. Now if this game took the Red Orchestra 2 approach and made it so there was a system that automatically votekicked you unless you were forgiven by teammates I wouldn't mind this at all. However instead the only votekicking there is seems to be ignored by everyone.Another issue with this game is how ♥♥♥♥ing horrible combat is. Animations don't even have to be done and I'm already beheaded. Why would you let your game have something like that. There's also a mechanic in the game where if you swing your body in the same direction as the attack it'll go faster and slower if you swing a different way. Now something  like this would be very cool, too bad that this mechanic is ruined by the fact this actually breaks the game since you could make your mouse have a seizure while mashing buttons and just recieve free kills. And oh, if you don't have ping under 80-90 good luck even landing a hit. It's worse than the Morrowind combat if you were to swing a sword while being trained to use axes.And finally there's the fact this game takes a stupid practice of DLC that I never condone, the cosmetic DLC. Street Fighter IV, Dead or Alive, and that Evolve game that recently came out. Customization is actually pretty nice in this game since you're allowed to have your personal units look like what you want but man I hope you want to shell out $2 if you really like a specific helmet.Overall I can't say you should ever waste your money on this game. I wasted $8 since there was a sale going on, but please just avoid this game. From what I heard even if you ""git gud"" at it you only are gonna get into a community that's L4D2 terrible.Just pick up Mount and Blade Warband instead."
,Not Recommended,219640,31418904,Posted: 28 April,all,mader fader,"Probably one of the worst games I've ever played. Huge skill gap between level 15's and above and the level 30's and above; despite the developers' knoweldge of this, they refuse to do anything.Edit : the community also calls you out and insults you if you disagree with them, so lol"
,Recommended,219640,10747734,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sammy Survived Harvey <3,Skyrim - Multiplayer10/10 would slice your head off again.
,Recommended,219640,10366706,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Paxopoxo,Still better than COD.
76561198118963723,Recommended,219640,21223367,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,THANK YOU [B]ROTHER,"Thank you, brother!"
,Recommended,219640,17322488,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Vq.| Hadeus,"The short and sweet version:Prepare for long nights glued to your chair trying to ""git gud"" as carpel tunnel pangs stream through your hands.  The learning curve to Chivalry is tough, but it is well worth it the effort.  The game mechanics can be obscure at times but not impossible to learn.Chivalry is skill based, meaning your practice will eventually pay off.  That being said, there is nearly no skill cap. After you get the mechanics down you can begin learning specific strategies and begin outwitting your opponents.This game is one of the pioneers of hack-and-slash games and it's mechanics have come a long way through the years as Torn Banner has always rolled out solid patches. It makes the few small minor bugs about the game insignificant in comparison to the positive aspects.Now quit reading this and buy Chivalry."
,Not Recommended,219640,17132302,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,The Shattered Magician,"I'm done with this game seriously.At first it is fun while playing on the 0-15 servers. After that it's a freaking ballerina-fest that everyone makes pirouettes and abuse hitboxes. Unblockable overheads that pass through tower shields, reaches that won't even reach you and somehow the rank 50s have some sort of super speeds that kill you even if you block. Oh and not to mention teams formed of 40+ rank steamrolling everything they see, and rank 5 smurfs which kill newbies which are the greatest scum on earth.If you have friends and buy this during sale play this for a while. After you reach rank 20 drop it because it gets boring."
,Recommended,219640,32568312,Posted: 19 June,all,Dwight Frightening,"Where to begin..Chivalry Medieval Warfare is a first person medieval combat game. Yes, there is third person, however all competitive servers disable third person, so if you have any actual intent on playing the game, you play in first person. Now for a disclaimer about the community....The community of Chivalry is primarily made up of filthy neckbeards who will only want to play one map (Moor) and get upset at anyone who uses feints in combat as if they are some unknown ability they've never seen before. It is best to accept these people exist, and either gang up on them or just avoid them.AS FOR THE GAME-This game as an INSANE learning curve. The ""noob"" servers for rank 1-16 never used to exist and frankly they don't help the learning curve at all. Instead of interacting with a variety of skill levels from your first time, you play with all new players, and upon reaching 16 you'll realize not everyone who plays this game is complete garbage and you will infact get♥♥♥♥♥♥on over and over again. I got♥♥♥♥♥♥on a LOT when I first started playing this game. If you can't handle being terrible at a game, this game is not for you.-This game is rather poorly polished. There are occasional glitches and odd clipping issues, but in my opinion they are all quirks that make this game the strange lovable experience it has been for me-The gameplay is incredibly fun. I've put plenty of hours into learning how to play this game, and compete on a higher level scale and it is incredibly rewarding when you finally learn more complicated combos and attack patterns.At the end of the day, this game has run its course, The remaining player base is rather small, and very very good at the game, so unless you play this game on noob servers or solely with your friends, you should be prepared to die over, and over, and over, and over again. But when you get a kill. Man, it's satisfying."
,Recommended,219640,14752839,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Hubertus,Ultra nice game. I like to call it the Counter Strike of the Medival time!
,Not Recommended,219640,16125279,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,v7 |KevinBacon,All that happens is lag lag and you die easily becuase of lag!
,Recommended,219640,23487657,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,xpain2g,"chivarly in a nutshell :""TEAM KILLING""""I NEED HELP!!!! HELLLLLLP""""AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!﻿""""For ThEEEE OOOOOrder"""
,Not Recommended,219640,17963098,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Emily,"Great mechanics, pity you're forced to play PvP. These mechanics would make for a great single player game. Instead, you're forced to PvP and ""newbie"" servers are lvls 1 to 15..... so everyone is about 10 levels higher and newbies get thrown into a sharp, unenjoyable learning curve.I'd rather see the option to earn XP from bot games even if it's less XP than a pvp game. Simple reason being that I'd rather be having fun earning less XP than not having fun earning more XP. As it is, this game is no fun, which is a shame because it has the potential to be. Instead is a fun-less grind where you are cannon fodder for other people's amusement. Perhaps if it HAD a better matchmaking system where the ranks are better bracketed (say in brackets of 5s instead of 15 for the newbie matches and 16 to 50+ after) it would be far more enjoyable even in PvP. As other reviewers have pointed out, the problem isn't limited to just the newbie backets: get past lvl 15 and you're even worse off....So, if you are a masochist, and you are picking only one game to soulessly grind till you get good, this is it. Or maybe if you're one of those gamers whose sole kicks come from ""pwning"" others.... For the rest of us normal gamers, this is sadly not it.edit: hilariously the elitist ""muhhhh i get my kicks from putting others down"" crowd is already rearing their ugly head. good games encourage you to pick up a game and improve in it with a broader learning curve. bad games expect you to be an expert with reflexes that only the top 1% of players actually have(and whom those putting others down to feel better about themselves actually don't have) right from the start.edit: who can forget? the stupid bugs on a game that's been around for 3 years... look at my screenshots. lolthank goodness i picked it up on 80% off...."
76561198153997823,Not Recommended,219640,24862809,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,𝐑𝐀𝐕𝐈𝐎𝐋𝐈,"While you're in the level 0-15 servers its all good, when you pass level 15 you are ♥♥♥♥ed. I was looking for a realistic medieval experience but all i got was a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing ballerinas swinging their sword around like a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing idots exploiting the game. The range of the weapons is ♥♥♥♥ed because the guy can be 5 meters away and you still get hit by the ♥♥♥♥ing weapon no matter ♥♥♥♥ing what. If you are looking for a realistic experience dont buy this game unless you like to rage because you are going to after level 15. My advice: this game is long time dead and the players killed it so if you want the best medieval game out there play mount&blade."
,Not Recommended,219640,30119760,Posted: 23 February,all,🎲♬Artista🎲♬,For these 8 hours i got PTSD (Posttraumatic-Stress-Disorder) . I recommend it only if u want to get brain damaged :)))
,Not Recommended,219640,23902175,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Name Change,Spin to win. That's the maxim of soldiers from ye olde times.Once I learned of this truth I became a Beyblade master.I also didn't know that knights were made out of paper.I learned a lot from Chivalry.Chivalry: Let it Rip.Edit: Don't forget to crouch. That's important.
76561198015463245,Not Recommended,219640,18051710,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Mr. Duncan,First fifteen levels were really fun. Uninstalled at level 16. There's is no skill level type server separation. I guess I didn't learn enough in 1-15 to compete because the game became unplayable at 16. You just get abused by really good/high level players. There's no meduim servers ... Either you noob or you pro and there's no way to reset so ... save your money. Unless its Steam sale in which case it's worth the two dollars.
76561198000446178,Not Recommended,219640,9417660,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,lotr_knight4,"Game is full of bugs and now it no longer starts up. I tried everything under the sky to fix it, but to no avail. FIX YOUR GAME PLEASE!!! Many of us can no longer play! Complete waste of money. If only they cared about the players that can't launch the game anymore."
,Recommended,219640,14562887,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,*IC* Smiledozer,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a nicely made Hack N' Slash, deathmatch styled game which places you in the shoes of one of four classes of Medieval warriors. Archers, Men-At-Arms, Vanguards, and Knights. The game is a simple ""Red Vs. Blue"" concept, and is comparable to every good online FPS game that's out there.As such, Chivalry can be compared to Counter-Strike, except that in this case, it's in a medieval melee format for the most part. The exception to this is archers, ballistas, etc. The fun comes in when you play one of the several Team Objective matches, where you and your team must accomplish certain objectives in order to claim victory for your side There are several different game types, and variation in terms of maps and upgradable weaponry and armor, as in all of these styled games.This is where the game gets a bit annoying because of the expensive DLC content. It doesn't make much sense to pay $5 dollars for a piece of armor or a sword. However, you can keep playing and upgrading your character, eventually getting better weaponry and armor. You can skip the DLC. But definately buy this game.Pros:- Very fun Medieval concept, melee combat system (with some projectiles).- Hilarious voice overs and sound FX.- Chuckle at the ragdoll physics and the semi-gore- Addicting play- Very simple setup, no tutorial required (Can learn controls while games load)...but...- ""Training"" Tutorial for those who want practice in Medieval combat is available.- Also, leveled lobbies for beginners or advanced players.- Dozens of different weapons, with 4 different classes on either side. Will you choose the Mason Rebellion, or fight for the true King of Agatha?Cons:- Game can get a bit glitchy/lag at some points. Not so much that it's a bother.- While the ragdoll deaths are funny, sometimes there tends to be a bit of texture popping going on. You can see right through the character at its' pivot points (Those of you who play know what I mean)- Some beginners may experience a little difficulty with fighting (in which case there are some great YouTube videos to watch to give you Tips on playing and training also)- Still seems like it has some work to be done, even though it was released in 2012.- Ridiculously expensive DLC featuring $2 - $5 weapons and Armor. While completely optional, it is still offensive that these arent simply atmost$0.50.Verdict?Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is an extremely fun and addicting online melee deathmatch game. Just the idea of it being melee/projectile (Throwing axes, arrows, etc.) oriented is very original to me. The play varies with who and what map you're playing with. There is also a full workshop with which to play with. All in all, my experience with this game is highly positive. I would buy this game again and again.7.5/10- A great play with much potential, but still has a lot of room for work."
,Not Recommended,219640,13313418,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Dr.LeEdLeR,"THE CONS OF BAD INTERWEBSAlthough i really like this game and i want it to be a fun environment the community of the servers really has done a number to it... before i start ranting about the community on another more buggy note i have had weapons unlock for kills i didn't earn and then about a month later relock those weapons plus most of the weapons i actually had earned. <WARNING RANT BEGINS HERE>I remember when I first got this game, it was the funnest multiplayer game I had ever played but after awhile i noticed i kept getting kicked from every match because of my internet. The fact of the matter is that if you have bad internet like me you will probably get kicked from just about every single match because as i have been told in every match, ""your ping is to high, leave now"" same old story all the time of course; not to say everyone is bad, i've had my fair share of people coming to my defense but i always get kicked in the end. I have gotten into quite a few message wars with several people...usually saying i'm stupid/poor for having bad internet and wether they win or lose the argument it usually ends up with me and all the other people in the match with a high ping getting kicked/banned. Of course if you do have good internet and happen to find a friendly server then this game will be some of the most fun you will ever have in a multiplayer game.<RANT ENDS HERE HURRAH> sorry for complaining and of course if you read through all this and didn't curse at me through your computer screen then thank you for reading and if you do buy the game, may your mind be ready to be ear♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by enemy taunts being thrown across the battlefield. OVERALL RATING: 8/10 due to some bugs and the community that the devs have no control over so DON'T blame them."
,Not Recommended,219640,10224168,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Frank White,"Honestly this game used to be fun. I used to really like this game until the community ♥♥♥♥ing ruined it. The game is completly unbalanced, Vanguard is impossible to play, MAA is OP, knight is kind of balanced and archer does way to much damage and can dagger spam. Every single battle is just a cluster♥♥♥♥ of teamkilling and getting 5v1'ed by the enemy team. Get Deadliest warrior, I know it's a unpopular opinion but it's more balanced and a better game... :/"
76561198002603920,Recommended,219640,13952453,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Herr Weber,"Well, there is a lot to be said about Chivalry: Medieval Warfare.  It's a real love-hate relationship; sometimes leaving you with that feeling like your newly transplanted kidney just got prison chiv'd.  It has had more ""updates"" than any other game I can think of, for better or worse, always requiring you to rebind your keys.  Some of the ingame taunts like ""Your brain is as dry as a biscut after a long voyage"" or ""Your stupidity is no accident, it is your birthright!"" accurately portrails a fair portion of the Chivalry: Medieval Warfare community.The Cons:-  Still uses dx9 (Can't utilize 64bit OS)-  Updates sometimes make optimization worse-  Limited online servers-  Location restictive servers (80+ ping = poor performance)-  Buggy textures or landscape that causes characters to get stuck-  Steep learning curve, requires many gameplay hours-  No shortage of trolls, emotional vampires, and snake oil merchantsThe Pros:-  Ingame voting option (Next map/kick abusive player)-  On sale often; lots of fresh meat-  Active community with new maps/skins.-  Active game updates-  Exciting melee combat-  Teamwork potential-  High replay vaule-  Endless comic scenarios-  Ingame tauntsThis game is certainly unique, providing you a comical medieval experience and thrilling melee combat.  Even for those who are unable to dedicate many gameplay hours, there are low ranking servers with many different gametypes.  I highly recommend playing with friends or seek out a clan to bring out the best in the game's potential.  Even with all the frustrations this game can throw at you, it has provided some of the most fun of any game I've ever played with friends.Final Verdict:  Medieval times awaits you now!""You should be women and yet your beards forbid me to interpret that you are so!""  Mason maa"
76561198024370467,Recommended,219640,22418454,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Deaffart,"Played it once or twice, not that bad game"
76561197968559533,Not Recommended,219640,9686017,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Agatsu,"This is a clusterf*** of bugs and imbalance. I've played this for months, got about 400 hours in, and it's not getting any better.I promise you this game will never be balanced or fixed, because the developers are pretty obviously incompetent, and the game's mechanics fundamentally flawed. It's fun at first with the carnage and all, but you'll smell the BS pretty soon, and eventually see how incredibly unbalanced and bug-ridden this game is.I can just hope that another company is going to make a professional, balanced and working game like this.You know, a developer that doesn't declare a game-breaking exploit (dragging) a feature instead of fixing it, or makes DLC while in BETA. DLC that of course is similarily unbalanced and bug-ridden, of course.I know I'm never going to touch any Torn Banner games ever again, that's for sure, and I advise you to not encourage this kind of bullsh*t and spare you the rage.This game could have been awesome, but it never will be. Shame."
,Recommended,219640,26094350,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,The Rickest of Ricks,just. amazing. for about 4 hours. but after a day or two you come back to it like an abusive girlfriend and the sex is amazing all over againwe're in a lot of therapy
,Not Recommended,219640,12615097,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Halo 3 Grunt,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥now.
76561198117757718,Recommended,219640,16125274,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,★Gringo★,Лучшая игра!!!
76561198082052162,Recommended,219640,13055138,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Boost,My character has legs !
,Recommended,219640,9828391,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,pug @ hong kong,"By far my favorite game, spent non stop hours playing this game without getting bored! Easily in my opinion one of the best games on steam! I definitly suggest playing this game and trying it out if you love non stop action!10/10- PugReview or update your review of a game you nominated :^)"
76561198010934172,Recommended,219640,18081977,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,I just wanna be pure,The best first person slasher.
,Recommended,219640,24620547,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,BL - ＺＥＴＢＯＩ,"Since I see a lot of upset new players that has recently gotten Chivalry for free, please read this.This review is from a veteran competitive players standpoint. I have around 1,3k hours clocked into the game and has been actively scrimming and participating in 3 clans, one of which was a highly listed competitive clan. Falcons (F) is my current as of this writing.Do not, and I repeat,DO NOTplay this game if you're considering either of these things listed here;Think you'll beat the learning curve in mere hours or minutes after you play the game for the first time - you won't and will be beaten senseless by better players for hundreds upon hundreds of hoursThink this is arealisticgame - it's not, and was never intended to be depicted as realisticThink that reverse overheads/spins, dragging or otherwise unrealistic depictions of combat mechanics are considered as exploits by the main hardcore veteran community or official developers TBSThink you can suggest/will have fixes to said ""exploits"" or bugs brought directly to official developers - we haven't got any sufficient official patch updates for about a year now and the veteran comp community has worked around a year or so on competitive balancing modsThink you know more than players who dedicated thausands of hours into this game about how Melee Slashers in its whole should and does work - if you have clocked a substancial amount of time into M&B you realise that C:MW and M&B:W are two very diffrent gamesThink spamming LMB or stab with a towershield and a falchion will get you anywhere for a long time, less to say with a shield - you're not a tank and you only have a board of movable ""protection"" available to you - players can and will easily either stun you or get around your shield, and they're not hacking because you looked the other way while blockingThink hackers are running rampant on every server because you can't hit/parry correctly - very few hackers are still in the game and all official servers are VAC-Secured. The only thing I've personally seen through my time of playing this game has been speedhackers, but on a very rare occasion. Aimbot doesn't really work but has been used; only very rarely (I've personally only seen it used once). They get kicked off servers quickly and official admins are still actively hunting down and banningrealhackersThink this game has and will have a substancial huge playerbase in the near future - the game is considered quite dead in many long-term players eyes and all of us are looking forward to Mordhau, which will be out next year - even Mirage is on its way from TBS and fixed a lot of the things broken in Chivalry: Medieval WarfareIf you can possibly consider these statements listed as passible you'll be good to go.Thank you for your time reading."
,Not Recommended,219640,17973704,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Pirlout,"Don't buy it if you're on Mac OSX !It is not working, the game is stuck on launch. The issue is general, since a lot of people experience the same on the Forums section.I bought it, and got refunded, don't do the same mistake !"
,Recommended,219640,28435819,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Abd ulR ahman,My heart ❤
,Recommended,219640,6491463,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Macho Fantasma,"Very good game, like Battlefield but with swords instead of guns"
,Recommended,219640,5185742,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,jimmyiimmvjimmy,"BUY IT.Theres always room for improvement in this game and it is very skill based. When you start out you may complain about cheap tactics and heresy but when you get good you'll understand why you die everytime and improve and eventually you'll kick butt like me mmhmm-Jul 20, 2013 @ 4:32pmEDIT: 1300 hours in. Never gonna stop!This game's core combat is beautiful. There are a few flaws in balance, and annoying tactics that some use, but at its core, the combat is purely skill based. The only way you'll ever beat the best is to be the best, and the only way you ever lose if because you screwed up. This game has made me obsess with training to become the best, to beat the best, the prove that I am the best. I have never been engrossed in anything like this before. Truly, the best game I have ever played.There are bugs, however, but they aren't so overwhelming that they drown out the rest of the game.If you are looking for skill based melee combat, this is the best game to get."
,Recommended,219640,10336407,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,"It is I, Sir Skellingtons",I've uninstalled this game over 10 times in anger fueled rage. I spend my spare time thinking about ways to murder level 50's and above. I have got 8 hours of sleep in total this week. I am neglecting my studies and I've turned into a basement dweller because of this game.10/10 would recommend to everyone
76561198046246500,Recommended,219640,5195788,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Snakefall,if you like chopping off limbs with a giant sword while shouting like a greek plantypus without caring of the consequences the action will have this game is made for you my friend.
,Recommended,219640,12058540,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Stone,"fact.copious amounts of alcohol actually increases your skill with a zweihander.epic fun.play with friends, the more the better.great game. recommened!"
,Recommended,219640,14767667,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Berserker,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare...This game tests your reaction speed and quick thinking. With a large amount of weapons to choose from this game gives a nice variety to different situations. A leveling system that also rewards you with new available weapons and armor/color. A solid amount of maps to play and servers to play those maps in. Full controller support(be sure to max your sensitivity, trust me).I have clocked in over 500 hours into the game because I cannot get enough of the killing, the winning and the vast amount of fun this medieval combat presents me.Those moments when you are outnumbered and surrounded and you unleash your instinctive ability to fight for your life, kick that person, duck the first swing, turn around with a swing, chop head off, lunge towards unsuspecting fighter with s stab to the chest, turn to final opponent, block, overhead swing, overhead again... Such sweet moments. I personally enjoy using the Knight with Maul to smash my enemies' heavy armor in.There are 4 different classes to choose from: Man at Arms, Knight, Vanguard and the Archer.I love this game as much as I love people, so much that I just want to chop them all up.Truly, a game worth playing over and over again. 10/10, 5/5 * * * * *"
,Recommended,219640,17333118,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,₯│ trifol,This game is so addicting! :D :D :D
76561198052193042,Recommended,219640,15972983,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,yarfocan,"Game is intense. People get angry losing. Rage quits like crazy.Looking at the reviews, i think its safe to say that people are just revenging the game.Misleading  ""honest"" reviews and players got mad ready to approve them... Even they know insidethat basically they're totally talking♥♥♥♥♥♥about game cuz mad.The hate is not deserved which got me writing this up at the first place.Let's elaborate...I have 1300+ hours in the game. This guy comes in as a rookie expecting to beat me 1v1.And ofc when he can't he whines about drags,ballerina,exploits trying to say he wouldhave rekt me if i wasn't dragging,spinning,exploiting. Sure son. Cuz u the chosen one. lol.No offense but, in ANY competitive game a +50 lvl player won't get rekt from a 1 lvl.Not happening. Sorry to break it to you.Also google ""dragging,spinning chivalry"". It's a totally legit mechanic. See for yourselvesit is basically if you swing the mouse faster the faster you will swing your weapon. Samegoes for the slow swing. Think like mouse is your hand holding the sword. Using thistechnique you adjust your hitting speed so the opponent has to block more carefully.Most of the time newbies won't read it and panic block.And the best one. TOXIC COMMUNITY. Well grow up. As i said. The game is just toointense and will get you pumped also on team games friendly fire is on so peopleare gonna get all angry and sore. It doesn't have an exceptionally bad community.Also you that's not the games fault if ppl are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and toxic.What i think could be better :Reverse overhead is okay on fights but looks too ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Feint looks okay but kills the fights.FFA teaming is just out of hand. Most of the time high levels will team up against a lower levelfreelance guy. Not much game can do about this but yeah it sucks.I can confirm that after lvl 15 you cannot play on newbie servers and you will have to face50+ level player which have no chance against on 1v1.This is not a good thing, it did andstill make people leave the game after level 15. I recommend newbies to play team objective style where they can and will have kills against higher levels. Still i think there should be offical servers more than 0-15 lvl like 15-30 lvl 30-45 lvl and 45+ lvl so this way players with closer skill levels would match. This could easily be done by now but i guess for some reason TB is completely blind and deaf to feedbacks.WHY YOU SHOULD BUY THISITS CHEAP ON SALE : Mostly %80, Sometimes %90 discountGAMEPLAY : Unique, satisfactory gameplay, very addictive. Chop. Yell. Stab. Bash!PERFORMANCE : Decent performance, stable netcode, good hit detection.GRAPHICS : Looks polished, dismember,behead,blood,effects all good.VOICEOVERS : They're the best i have ever seen. Creates great atmosphere and replayabilityadds somewhat of a Role Play aspect which makes you sometimes play it for the lulz. Easily the reason i played this and will play it for a long time.BALANCED : Has no pay-2 win stuff. Allthough some weapons might be a little easier to use mostly every weapon has its own purpose and are balanced nicely. As well as weapons classes are balanced very very nicely. Every class is taken about equally which is the proof of that.For newbies they should play vanguard because it is easy to understand at first."
,Recommended,219640,22081322,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,"No Mordhau, No Azog","Awesome game, 9.9/10.Love the wimpy archer voice, makes me wanna squeeze their cute chubby faces with a longsword.I rated 9.9/10 and left that 0.1/10 because there was no campaign. Imagine being in the world of Agatha, and starting rhe campaign in the Crusades, after being shipped from the training course, and seeing your side being completely smashed, developing the story. From there, you are given the opportunity to choose which side you shall bare: The Mason Order of the Agatha Knights.Going on through the campaign, your choices change the outcome of battles, missions and so does your participation to these fights. Eventually the campaign ends in the side you helped the most, by either fighting as best you can and choosing the best for your side when you up the ranks, or if you decide to betray your side with foul deeds.Also, I'd like to see in this campaign why, exactly, the Agatha Vanguard is so ♥♥♥♥ing batshit insane XD"
,Not Recommended,219640,10007132,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,BoogtehWoog,"This was a terrific game at release. It had its share of bugs and there was a distinct lack of multiplayer features; however, it was a gem in the rough. I expected for it to become much better as time progressed with patches to smooth the rough edges. Sadly, that was not to be the case. The first few patches were nice; however, around mid-2013 the game started falling apart. Where the combat was smooth before, it is now rough and just a pale shade of its former glory. Balance is completely out the window. Torn Banner has ruined this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,10375107,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Janitor,"The tutorial is useless. The only way to learn how to play is by putting countless hours into it, for the glory of killing the people who play the game for the first and last time."
76561198067365776,Recommended,219640,12144387,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,The Spanish Inquisition,Ran around screaming for sparta with 4 other players for the entire time. 11/10
,Recommended,219640,11609680,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,ZedHead,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare is certainly a game with a large learning curve for those who first play but then one comes to realize it's nothing more than a blood orgy circle of death that continues to run on and on regardless of the children screaming in the background as veteran players♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone in the game. This is Chivalry, prepare thy♥♥♥♥♥♥for the worst ravaging of thou's life."
,Recommended,219640,25701281,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,exdoL,"To start off this is a very great game to play for about 20 to 40 hours. Once you start to get the hang of it you realize the game mechanics are actually really rigged and it kind of takes the fun from playing. Also very fun to play rank 1 to 16. That's probably the most fun time I had. After that you're kind of stuck with all the people who know all the rigged tricks, all the exploits and just generally will know more about the game than you will for the dozens of gameplay hours you're going to play.The learning curve is too steep. Most of the players just give up after they reach rank 16, because they're just going to get their asses handed over to them all the time unless they re-learn everything that happened during rank 1 - 16. This is where the majority quit playing. Even I will most likely quit after I've finished my achievement quota for this game as I really do not see any replay value in this game. The gameplay is simply rigged, bugged and exploitable. With that in mind I say its fun when you get the hang of it, but it is not good for a long time. Even a joke gets old after some time."
,Not Recommended,219640,14839139,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Todish87,"Big waste of money...the controlls are just stupid...hit loading times are sky high, it's just total chaos...waste of energy...THUMBS DOWN ALL THE WAY!!!"
,Not Recommended,219640,8577396,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Chef McWaffles,"The weapon unlock system is bugged. Developers have been ""looking into it"" for over 6 months.Online servers fail to show up sometimes.Game is a good laugh but not to be taken seriously.All things considered: Save your money. Don't buy it."
76561197972209961,Recommended,219640,13015428,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,L̠̹͉̼v̯̦̰̥l̤̳͓̥̳̺̮.͍͕̰?̘͍͇̣?̳̠ͅ,"I liked Chivalry, but then came the archers in numbers bound in worlds worth of size, not yet seen by mankind til this time. The flying projectiles manage to pin and penetrate endless numbers of good armour, and that armour took man hours to hammer away at clasps and all sorts of defence, and yet war is the answer. Archers if you are targeting the good souls in this world of turmoil and destruction, I am your enemy. Many a bow I have broken, and all shall be destroyed in my presence, lest you draw your arrows against any friend. Join me in the archer salvation, for it is a requirement to be fulfilled before the Chivalry may live on!"
,Recommended,219640,7502139,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,thartac,"i can't really reccomend this game until they patch in weapons that are actually relevantneeds famas, m16, ak47, etcyou can't even use a musket which is really dumb imoalso when you are low on health they don't even have a red jelly smeared all over your screen effect which is really frustratinghow are players supposed to know when they've been shot without thatalso all melee weapons are op but there are some funny glitches like your head might come off if you get hit in the neck hitbox or something"
,Not Recommended,219640,8150319,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mr Skeltal,"I do not recomend this game.  Awful community, buggy gameplay, very odd behaved developer. Stick with the mod, it's way funnier, less trolls and free."
76561198043901715,Not Recommended,219640,25674494,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,FoodTruck.RA,This is the only swordfighting game I can think of where it is more dangerous to stand behind your opponent than in front of them.
,Not Recommended,219640,24683084,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Brother Sven,"I'd like to make a positive review for this game, but really, once you get out of the low tier servers, you just run into a thousand different people abusing the broken hit detection and swinging physics of the game, ever heard of helicopter knights?"
,Recommended,219640,15470793,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Aud'I,"Every round ever in Chivalry: Medieval Warfare:Chat: All""Agartha are taking the gates""Wizard Sleeves: Help Defend the Gates for ♥♥♥♥ sake!Commander: This team I swear!FreDDy: Sorry Man!Rolf Harris: ?Jeff: Sorry Bro!Wizard Sleeves: Get out of my ♥♥♥♥en Way!Rolanpic: Sorry!Audis: Why the team kill Wizard?-Zombie- Assasin: ♥♥♥♥en Archers!Soned Goat: Sorry to who ever I killed!(Respawn Time: 3 seconds added for team damage)-Zombie- Assasin: Lets make a Clan! Who will join?Audis: A clan against what?Loliop: Sorry again dude xDA happy Bunny: Sorry man!Audis: Sorry!-Zombie- Assasin: A hate clan against Archers!a hobo in a bin: Why hate archers? Just cause we have skill!-Zombie- Assasin: ♥♥♥♥ off...Games teaches you to touch type the word ""Sorry"" Ultra Fast! 10/10Would Take team damage again! 10/10Team kill simualor all years! 8/10"
,Recommended,219640,16988722,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Outlandishly entertaining // Recommended for the competitive and the violent+ Blissfully short load times+ Player base is still active and freshly populated+ Environments and set designs are extremely creative and well laid out; makes for matches made even more interesting by environmental obstacles and means of escape+ Engine seems to be smooth-running and well-optimized+ Game is absolutely flush with customization; is predominately geared towards aesthetics, though alternate weapons can also be unlocked/purchased+ Plethora of innovative and extremely entertaining game-modes; keeps the game interesting by keeping these in constant circulation on most servers+ Mod support and Steam integration make for an even greater variety of environments and other factors+ Combat mechanics are smooth and responsive; may feel a bit clunky initially, but this quickly melts away as the player acclimates to the play-style+ Controls are intuitive+ Netting kills in this game is immensely, alarmingly satisfying+ Graphics are nothing special, but they have aged well, and generally look slightly above average+ Voice-overs are intentionally comical; helps keep the game relatively light-hearted and entertaining+ Objectives often include fun and challenging mechanics, such as operating siege equpment and trying to push carts to objectives in the midst of a hellish melee- Team killing is a pervasive issue throughout- Glitches abound, although few are game-breaking, and they can often be funny enough to add to the experience- There is a bit of an initial learning curve, though it is quickly overcome- Absolutely rife with microtransactions, many of which feel inordinately expensive; these are entirely optional, however, and frugality does not detract from the game's experienceLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,219640,3012415,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Bieberhole the Great,This game is like crack. Really fun combat that will suck you in!
76561198119578944,Recommended,219640,21038043,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ares,gr8 game but causes addiction.
,Recommended,219640,28812374,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,•҉ SomeDuke,come hither
76561198042770103,Not Recommended,219640,10143133,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,The Chosen One,"game is broken, unplayable fps and I run a GTX 460 with i7 2nd gen"
,Recommended,219640,23511620,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,|ĶأĻă| I | Cide,Game pisses me offCommunity pisses me offGame bugs♥♥♥♥♥♥me offMechanics♥♥♥♥♥♥me offTeamkills♥♥♥♥♥♥me offJavs♥♥♥♥♥♥me offMessers♥♥♥♥♥♥me offVGs♥♥♥♥♥♥me offAnything that i'm not doing pisses me off
76561198186475887,Not Recommended,219640,29767637,Posted: 7 February,all,Réaper,this game is waste of money.
,Not Recommended,219640,9654612,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,CytoPlasm,"I was following this game closely since start at 2012.Lets summarize why this title did not succeed. For those interested in gamedev.Instead of focusing on their ""perfect spot"" of close range collision mechanics, unique among all games, polishing physics of interaction further with angular momentum and proper collision laws.Instead of moving forward, developers just decided to add laser-guided archers and work on some ""scenarios"", when it never was the unique mechanics in gamedev.The final: devs not used their time on essential things and wasted it on useless, unnecessary b/s.If you want to make great game, avoid this pitfall.Ignore everything casual unless it is absolutely needed, and focus only on unique side.Game is still at ugly monstruos mechanics where people rotate 180 to make ""backward hits""."
,Not Recommended,219640,8247387,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,MainMan*,"This is the worse game I have played based on Melee type fighting games, this doesn't come close to PvK and other Melee combat games. The animations are horrid, the ranking system is completely broken, interacting with objectives is also broken, the game glitches way to much."
,Not Recommended,219640,12892285,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Raccoon City HUNK,"This game used to run somewhat okay on my older laptop... It was a bit dated and banged up, but it managed to run it on medium settings.I now have a gaming laptop and yet I struggle to even run this on the lowest settings... I really understand why people are not recommending this game anymore; the developers really did ruin this once good game by making it so slow that it's unplayable on 95% of machines.Just go buy Mount and Blade; infinitely better, both in run times and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,219640,11619893,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Trissle,Pretty good
76561198036669737,Not Recommended,219640,11615069,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,phenomanII,"Before you say: ""Look another idiot who doesn't like this great game.""Please read.I loved this game since I got it.I played it all the time, even added people I met in it. I played on the oldschool duel servers and then used gained skills to help my team in TO.But recent changes are making the game worse. I used to click on the icon on my desktop, wait through a bit of the logo and get to the game.Now, I have to wait for the launcher to pop-up, click play, wait for the game to start, wait for at least 3 fixed-lenght animations to finish and then I get dumped into this mess the main menu has become.Not to mention that if you want to be good, you have to learn how far you have to get from a sword for it to not hit you. I learned that and I became pretty good. But I just played this abizmal new updated version after a few weeks and the hate that's been rising since I picked this game up again after a few months just reached a point, when I can't play this clusterf**k anymore.The crouch and sprint has a noticeable delay after pressing the key. Hitting a shield midswing doesn't stop enemies to get you with a backswing. You no longer time blocks, you just press the button and hope. Reach on the weapons is stupid and in no way represents their lenght in any logical way. And even if you finally get to someone with a long range weapon, they are less that a foot far from you, you hit them in the middle of their chest, they don't block and that hit just doesn't count...I adored this game. I was near addicted. It sucked me into those old times better than any game ever. And that's why it's so sad to see it turn this bad.I will come back to it a few months. Maybe it will become what it used to be. Maybe it will be better. Or maybe it will be the same, because frankly, I can't see it getting any worse. (but I also didn't expect for it to even get worse at all)"
,Recommended,219640,28404625,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,'Raikkonen,"It's pretty fun if you play with you friends but without em, kinda meh."
76561198053380286,Recommended,219640,18007106,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,mclarky97,Got half the people in a throne room map to guard me on FFA
76561198124227202,Not Recommended,219640,15235496,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,sn.jl,Decent combat mechanics and nice graphics.Matchmaking system is one of the worst I've ever seen.Until they fix this I wouldn't recommend.
,Recommended,219640,479,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,leXith,"Love this game.  I think it's a must buy if you're into melee basher games (PVK and PVKII fans, this is a no brainer).I remember playing this as a HL mod (Age of Chivalry?) a few years back.  Very happy they kept working on it.Another pro about it... they added a big peice of content shortly after it was released, which added game modes, weapons, and maps.  AND... they did it for FREE.I HIGHLY recommend this game, as I have put many many hours into it.  I'll see you in the arena."
,Recommended,219640,9815078,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,♣ Revolver Foxelot,This game changed my life 10/10
,Recommended,219640,6256407,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,hm,10/10 would kick a knight in the balls again
76561197970978125,Not Recommended,219640,10145433,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,SpookyFX,"I wish I could recommend this as this is the type of virtually reality Melee combat I have been waiting 30 years to play. But the game crashes as soon as I press the play button. I have a high level rig that can play games like Crysis on full settings.I could not get help from the developers so I wrote this review instead.I know lots of people CAN play the game, it would have been nice if I had been one of them, or at least if they would make getting help to run the game easier.I am not ""angry"" as I got this game on the free trial from steam, but it worries me a great deal about this happing with games I might spend $50 to $100 on and then have no real support.Fatal error message:Address = 0xeeb75e5a (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeeb73fff (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeebe4421 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeec2e13c (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeec2e67a (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeec2dae4 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeec2dae4 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeeb73d55 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeebe1af5 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeebe1dfa (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeebe2001 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeebdfe97 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeeb715ac (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeea1e184 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeeac2ea9 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xeeb36d64 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dll]Address = 0xefba812d (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\dlumd64.dll]Address = 0xefb84adc (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\dlumd64.dll]Address = 0xefbc4cab (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\dlumd64.dll]Address = 0xefd0b629 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\d3d11.dll]Address = 0xefcefe25 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\d3d11.dll]Address = 0xefd1f86f (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\d3d11.dll]Address = 0xefd1fc0d (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\d3d11.dll]Address = 0xefd1f849 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\d3d11.dll]Address = 0xefd1f80f (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\d3d11.dll]Address = 0xefcd0dc4 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\d3d11.dll]Address = 0xefcd1041 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\d3d11.dll]Address = 0xefd1f0f3 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\d3d11.dll]Address = 0xefcd236a (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\d3d11.dll]Address = 0xefcd1fa2 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\d3d11.dll]Address = 0xefd1f67c (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\d3d11.dll]Address = 0x401f842c (filename not found) [in C:\games\steamapps\common\chivalrymedievalwarfare\Binaries\Win64\CMW.exe]Address = 0x401f84eb (filename not found) [in C:\games\steamapps\common\chivalrymedievalwarfare\Binaries\Win64\CMW.exe]Address = 0x3f873574 (filename not found) [in C:\games\steamapps\common\chivalrymedievalwarfare\Binaries\Win64\CMW.exe]Address = 0x402d609c (filename not found) [in C:\games\steamapps\common\chivalrymedievalwarfare\Binaries\Win64\CMW.exe]Address = 0x402d858d (filename not found) [in C:\games\steamapps\common\chivalrymedievalwarfare\Binaries\Win64\CMW.exe]Address = 0x402d864a (filename not found) [in C:\games\steamapps\common\chivalrymedievalwarfare\Binaries\Win64\CMW.exe]Address = 0x402d8701 (filename not found) [in C:\games\steamapps\common\chivalrymedievalwarfare\Binaries\Win64\CMW.exe]Address = 0x4065b857 (filename not found) [in C:\games\steamapps\common\chivalrymedievalwarfare\Binaries\Win64\CMW.exe]Address = 0x76f959ed (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\system32\kernel32.dll]Address = 0x770cc541 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\SYSTEM32\ntdll.dll]Address = 0x770cc541 (filename not found) [in C:\Windows\SYSTEM32\ntdll.dll]"
76561198109357448,Not Recommended,219640,10159889,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NeOTheFury,"There are many ways to better spend the money. The control is hard, servers are laggy, characters unbalanced and most of all it moves like you re paralised."
76561198044544041,Not Recommended,219640,32715869,Posted: 24 June,all,Jason Anderson,"I used to play this game religiously and haven't played it in well over a year (maybe two?) I feel the need to leave a negative review as I just checked back to see if they fixed or at least improved the things that caused me to quit, the recent reviews proove that no sadly they haven't, long story short is:The community is toxic, and I do mean really...really bad. Rude people who will run in swinging wildly to steal your kills with no regard for their team mates, either seriously wounding or outright killing you, people revenge team kill constantly, or just because they feel like it, you'll often see verbal abuse in the chat because you killed someone or because they don't like that you used feints, or a specific weapon/character etc.Then the biggest problem of all that is STILL not patched; people using max sensitivity playing in third person swining in circles like a helicoptor at the speed of sound (it's the equivilent to button mashing in a game like Tekken, except being good wont actually stop these guys) their attacks come so fast and from so many angles that you will not be able to block fast enough nor will you be able to get a hit in on them before they combo you to death with their RNG mouse mashing, if you don't believe me then just check other recent negative reviews, they ALL mention it...DO NOT waste your money on a game that clearly the devs do not care to fix."
,Not Recommended,219640,8058671,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Ravenblood,"""Forth Eolingas"" may people scream when running with an axe to your enemies.In Chivalry you won't. Well, atleast I can't. After an update the game does not start anymore (only the launcher starts, not the game).But before that bug, I enjoyed the 1 1/2 hours of playing. Not because of the fantastic gameplay, but because of the hilarious bugs which appear in game.From clipping errors (which can bump you up in the air), weapon switch bugs appear where you can swing your weapon behind the back.I can not say, if these bugs where fixed, simply because I can't check it out.If you like medieval games, you should check out the free mod ""Age of Chivalry"", which is developed by the same guys, but more fun and with less bugs.It's here on Steam, go get it!"
,Not Recommended,219640,16982655,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Jrgl_Cuchallain,Needless unlock system removes what little fun I might have had with this game.Go play Mount and Blade: Warband MP instead.
,Recommended,219640,29167645,Posted: 10 January,all,vlekje513,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a medieval themed game with lots of action.SummaryIn Chivalry there are many different game modes.InTeam Objectiveyou have 2 teams; Defenders and Attackers. The attackers are attacking the defenders territory and are trying to complete multipule objectives. Throwing torches towards windmills to burn them down, moving a siege wagon towards the main gate, killing filthy peasants until the attackers finish the final objective or the defenders defend for long enough.InKing of The Hillboth teams fight over one objective and the team who holds it for the longest wins.InFree For Allyou fight EVERYONE to get the highest score to win.InTeam Deathmatchyou fight in a team until the enemy team has no lifes left.And inHordeYou fight hordes of AI enemy's with your team.Pro'sNewbie serversCombat mechanics are unusual and very immersiveMany different weaponsEasy to learnMany tricks you can learnEvery kill is satisfyingWorkshopConsArchers usually attack you when you are in a battle with someone, making you lose without chance.No experience from matches with friendsA lot of customization costs moneyI really enjoyed this game, either with friends or just online.It's just really fun to kill people with a battlaxe, a pike, or any medieval weapon, especially your friends. You'll eventually learn new things like ducking to avoid a weapon swing.Online play is fun too, especially if you manage to get high on the leaderbord.Click here to check out all my multiplayer game reviews."
,Recommended,219640,9297274,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Lock,"Game has had its ups and downs, devs have made some truly awful decisions over its lifetime. But recently things are looking up and the game itself is getting into better shape with each patch they release now: which is happening frequently.Recommend.Take the time to learn the game, its not easy. At first it may seem like ""my shield isnt working"", ""my block isnt working"" but there is an art to it, and it only comes with practice. Game is not easy to 'start', but will reward you as you get better."
,Recommended,219640,9705097,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,SlaveOfSelf,"Amazing experience for any fan of good multiplayer. It is definitely best melee combat from my experience. definitely worth it and very rewarding. Give it a go if u like immersion, not just mindless arcade bs. Awesome voice act and great mechanics of combat. its focused on melee but archers are quite common and quite a vermin lately. got place for both cowards and berserkers. give it a shot if given chance. worth it. played many mp's but this one always gives me best fun/time ratio. always."
76561198073137419,Not Recommended,219640,20358970,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Veles,"This game was hard to give a thumbs down due to playing before more when to♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'll explain why.THE GOOD========1.) Level design is great if not including bugs. Workshop maps are cool as well.2.) Character design is cool because there are a lot of options of color choice, pattern, and emblems.3.) Sound track is great in my opinion.4.) Come hither! Other voice actions etc.THE BAD=======1.) Weapon selection is dynamic and interesting. However, the code is terrible. You can just unlock all weapons in notepad. Psh... Or weapons would relock so you had to go into notepad. That's how I figured it out.2.) Community went to trash quick. I'm in a FFA server and they say getting cheap kills is what makes it fun and that I'm complaining... Then I join a duel server like they said, and the guy I was against rage quits... wtf... Really people? Also, in team objective people are so desperate for kills that team killing happens in every damn game due to people lunging into a cluster ♥♥♥♥ to get a kill which also leads to gang bangs which are a huge issue in the game. Talk about pathetic...3.) You're apparently a filthy casual if you don't have some foreskin helmet. Someone literally said to me, ""Casual... Only a sire has the pink helmet your near 90 hours isn't anything""... Really? I have to have a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tip helmet to be considered opinion worthy? ♥♥♥♥ off dweeb...4.) The combat is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥if you take advantage of the loop hole mechanics. This is medieval warfare not helicopters. The thing is, the devs actually ENCOURAGE this♥♥♥♥♥♥.. That's right, ENCOURAGE it!!! Be sure to get the latest weapon skin for your helicopter blades, people! Someone said in a server, ""Going ninja"" dude, this isn't ninja warfare..."
76561198085400637,Recommended,219640,13139051,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Jeff Sessions,"3000 hours and no plans on stopping, 'bout all i gotta say."
,Not Recommended,219640,14927822,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Digitalius,Edit to the edit.  I'll just keep hoping they can fix the cheaters.
76561198068448578,Recommended,219640,9132679,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Plague,"a very addicting FPS taking place in the middle ages. with a impecible combat system, this game is worth every dollar!"
76561197989096934,Recommended,219640,8368946,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,kyjo,Best game ever :p
76561197984503913,Recommended,219640,9291407,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,SKINZ,"One of my fav games ever!! but be warned it has a steep learning curve although there are now servers which only allow certain low ranks to join. Can be very frustraitng but also very rewarding when you chop off the head of the guy that just killed you when you respawn. This is face to face combat which really gets your heart pumping and thats what you want when you purchase a video game. A must buy in my opinion but be aware there are alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥talking little kids that will try and wind you up which is a shame, you get this in alot of games but this one tends to atract lots of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s hiding behind there pcs talking♥♥♥♥♥♥so if your easily offended or cant stand trollers then give it a miss, Overall 8/10https://youtu.be/2oz9whEh7iI"
,Recommended,219640,19109755,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Coming back in 7.07,Too much blood11/10
76561197979666533,Not Recommended,219640,25762371,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,6gun/{}SHAMAN{}\,"combat is soooooooo slow, glitchy, full of team killers, and completely random. The community is filled with elitist pieces of trash who most likely spend their weekends playing this or LARPing"
,Not Recommended,219640,13043893,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Saint Rubenio,"i had many hopes on that game. I've play 2 matches: a duel with a friend (had fun), and a match in a server. And i must say, the server finder is really bad, servers are always full or fully empty, and the community... oh my god, the community... its one of the worst communities i've ever seen. Joined a server and in 5 minutes like 3 or 4 people got kicked. The chat was being spammed by a bunch of new player hater ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who were pretty much insulting everyone just for starting the game. It was even worse than in tf2 (and that's quite an accomplishment). Few minutes later, i was kicked too. Yeah, i had a lot of team damage, but the teams aren't clear at all. Blood turns every blue player into red, there are no names or labels like ""red knight playername"", customizing can cause the team colour to almost dissapear, and every teammate acts exactly like an enemy (blocking your path, damaging you...). Might be supposed to be realistic, but overall is just really, really annoying, specially knowing that after you kill a pair of teammates in accident you get insulted and kicked.The game itself is good, but is not done for playing in pubs. If you got friends (but MANY friends, if you got only 2 or 3 friends with the game you can only do duels) i somewhat recommend it, in private matches. If you don't, i totally don't recommend it.The game itself is an 8/10. Playing it is a 3/10. And i am being generous."
,Recommended,219640,13099544,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,the end,"Game is unbalanced, poorly optimized, buggy, and the community sucks.  But holy ♥♥♥♥ I keep playing it for some reason and I don't know why.  please. help."
,Not Recommended,219640,8421295,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,AndrewGVN,"Honestly, this game is very beautiful graphics wise, but as a new player coming into this game, I was constantly getting destroyed by veteran players, I wished this game had a better single player experience, to where I could be dominant, instead of getting owned in all games.+Update: If you think you are good at these types of games, then you will have a great time, just from a less skilled player in these types of games, it's not a fun experience."
,Not Recommended,219640,28723701,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,FatherFonFonRG,"This game was fun until I finished level 15.Everyone is a ♥♥♥♥ing ballerina, and I only get tears from playing now.Edit: ""git gud"" -The Ballerina Brigade"
,Recommended,219640,6752689,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,Mostly Nice,"Overall, a very good game for the money. Whilst it's riddled with imbalance issues and has a steep learning curve you can never fully master, it achieves what it sets out to do. The sound effects are second only to the likes of battlefield’s and the graphics, while not the most amazing, are smooth and pleasing enough to carry the game through. This game is not for the feint hearted or those easily frustrated, prepare for counter strike style rounds and re-spawning.The highlights of the game aside from the unique combat really are the objective game types. These prove to give hours upon hours of satisfaction and something to play for. The ranking system for Medieval Warfare is probably one of the worst/laziest I’ve seen to date so you will not have much else incentive except of course unlocking a variety of weapons that becomes frustrating in itself. If you’re looking for a better rank system; I recommend getting deadliest warrior, however, as yet there are no objective game types sadly.My recommendation would be to buy this game. It well worth the full price, but don’t expect it to be perfect. In many ways the game still plays like the BETA but I believe that in time the developers will polish the game and combine elements of the DLC & original game for a better product & a more completive game."
76561198130335590,Not Recommended,219640,21759137,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,NateTheNightmare,Lags way too much and the game is just filled with immature idiots. If I wanted to hear how many little boys my mom supposedly slept with I would have gone and played any Call of Duty game and not this piece of crap.
76561198087020034,Not Recommended,219640,32449620,Posted: 15 June,all,Surrəal,http://store.steampowered.com/app/48700/Mount__Blade_Warband/
76561198087076445,Recommended,219640,10695293,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kiddygradelive,"There's not many games that can give you the satisfaction of getting into a sword fight with somebody, only to end it by kicking them into spiked walls, and then laughing in their face. You can set your enemies on fire, dismember them, and hear their cries of agony, all while you shout for honor and justice. The community sucks but the game itself is a lot of fun. It's worth taking the time to learn the game's mechanics."
76561198050024642,Recommended,219640,19273441,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Inimicus,A fantastic prequel to Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare.
,Recommended,219640,23930596,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Berserker,it's not dark souls but it's alright I guess.
,Recommended,219640,11244375,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ohcyspath,I am googeling whoevr inventid feints to try and sumrize y they r so gay and dumb
,Not Recommended,219640,13019879,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,The Sultan ♛,"This is the first review, maybe i'll write another one..First of all you can see that producers are like they put great effort into this game. Huge disk space, high detailed graphics and great sounds etc. Now lets see what we have;+ Firts point is the type of game. Nowadays people are looking for medieval themed games. And if you are one of them, you can think about this game.+ Graphics and contents are enough to satisfy gamers+ Sounds are realy good. Unlike in warband, here you can feel your sword is touching to the enemy by its sound..+ A lot of servers, players, contents... etc.What about negative points;- You need realy high disc space- Graphics are not simplified, so you cannot play if you don't have really good computer-  Gameplay is not very well. After playing ''Warband'' i was expecting more professional combat system.* No direction for your hit, you hit from above and directly with your sword by some other buttons(mouse wheel). And by left mouse button u hit only one direction.*Blocking is also only one animated move, like u hit right mouse button and it is done. No direction.. Only thing is timing.. You can not hold and wait in blocking position.* Actually if we go deeply we can write pages. But what i mean is realy poor combat system. You cannot see your weapon's reach point like in warband. By ''see'' I mean cannot feel like in warband u can.Actually after speeking much about ''Warband'' if we compare them, what makes ''Warband'' number one is NOT the high quality of graphics or huge contents, it is the uniqe GAME MECHANİCS like combat sysytem.. Looks like producers spent lots of money but without a perfect combat system it is not different than other thousands of games.Finally if you ask to me ''Would you buy this game?'', ''No, I wouldnt buy it. Because even if you like the game, it is not like some special games you can play for thousands of hours.''Best wishes.."
76561198061968444,Not Recommended,219640,25286967,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,atoludanator,"Broken hitboxes. Strange maps. Sometimes fun, but mostly annoying as hell.Armor just for cosmetic purposes. Doesn't feel like I'm playing as knight."
,Recommended,219640,13774480,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FrontRUSSIAN,best melee combat game I ever played.
,Not Recommended,219640,18439488,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Ronald_D_D,"This game used to be fun and all.Then they removed the first person death camera.Then they made the game more eeehhh instead of WOOAH.At least bring the first person death camera back as an option, it was best thing!Now let's all go and get buried in other people's reviews of this game!"
,Recommended,219640,9632563,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Lg | Eatdatass,gud
,Not Recommended,219640,13365316,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,YYZ,"So you basically chasing the enemy for a minute, trying to hit him with a sword and then he turns back and kills you with a hammer through your shield.10/10"
76561198146699657,Recommended,219640,24592731,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Kund,I hate this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game almost as much as I hate myself for playing it.
,Not Recommended,219640,12613035,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,31!45,"This used to be one of the best multiplayer games currently out there and I enjoyed it for its unique playstyle a lot.But after the archer class was completle redone, it took all the fun out of it."
,Not Recommended,219640,10859421,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Harold Trotter,"I don't even own this game and I can review it. Good job Valve, good job."
76561198085817984,Recommended,219640,19804597,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Pancake Hunter,step 1 playstep 2 rage quitstep 3 playstep 4 rage quitstep 5 finally start to get the hang of itstep 6 become betterstep 7 best game ever!
76561197997976431,Recommended,219640,11941731,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,AntiDrondert,"Well, to be short, the game is a mess, but the more you play, the more you get addicted to it.I actualy started playing it after M&B, but srsly, it's combat is boring and slow, comparing to this.I especialy favor this game as it requires actual skill from a player, though I'm barely moderate player myself.If you want to play a game where you can set an enemy on fire, chop his head off and teabag repeatedly, I can hardly give any other examplesNo way I'm going to regret the time playing this.8/10"
76561198064056625,Recommended,219640,6335655,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Diablo,"Highly recommended!This game is awesome, especially when you play it with friends. The only bad thing of the game is that the ping is very important (so look after that when entering a server). You have three kind of attacks, down, side, and stab. Stab has the longest reach, down has the greatest damage and side is the fastest. You can also do combo's by starting another attack when you are in the middel of the first. I recommend to all to download it! The DLC is even better"
,Recommended,219640,15725257,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Jtl98,Really fun game that provides a good challenge at times!
,Recommended,219640,12703962,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Cameron,Great game i like cutting peoples limbs off in real life so this is a fun way to simulate it if i dont want to get caught by police
,Not Recommended,219640,12587809,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Andrew,used to be good but turbonerds ruined it with mouse dragging and matrixingdont bother
76561198034702076,Recommended,219640,16820403,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Sir THC of Bongladesh,"I bought Chivalry for $2.50 during the steam summer sale.  It has easily become the best $2.50 I have ever spent in my life.  This game is incredible, especially if you're a fan of deathmatch/battle arena style games.  There's incredible skill involved at the competetive level of play.  I can guarantee this game will keep you happy for hundreds of hours, AT THE LEAST.  This game is definitely in my top list of best games ever made, which is surprising because I had never heard of it prior to purchasing.  In any case, I cannot, in good conscience, give this game anything less than a 5 star review.  Buy it. Buy it now."
76561198144931567,Recommended,219640,14005542,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,leftsidejjejej,"This game is a crack up. Literally when two of my buddies and I bought this game and got on it I don't think we ever laughed harder then we did at that moment.The physics aren't bad at all, as well as the gore, if you want a game to run around and chop of people arms, legs, and heads then this IS the game for you. But you CANNOT take this game seriously.TLDR; Get it on a steam sale to have FUN. Nothing more."
76561197986038106,Recommended,219640,1077039,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,-VK- Dream'Tits,"Best medieval fps game ever. Very skillbased, unfortunately pretty hard for newcomers."
76561198042749698,Not Recommended,219640,16290397,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,rcomfort94,I don't know if its my system or the game but when a lot of players come on screen to frame rate becomes incredibly bad resulting in me not even knowing how I died which makes the game unplayable. I don't know why the framerate sucks for me since I have a really powerful system and all my video settings in the game are set to low. better off getting this game on the 360 or ps3 if you don't want to risk getting ♥♥♥♥♥♥ framerate.
76561197963373821,Recommended,219640,147540,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Captain Rhodes,Its fun if you like to stab people with weapons.
76561198123655654,Not Recommended,219640,19070063,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Skyhaster,"Highly overrated medieval game. Even for a release in 2012 the engine and graphics are quite old. I thought it could be fun, but it isn't really and i need to quit after 1-2 games. It doesn't bring the feeling of a medieval siege with a handfull of players around. Animations and handling of attacks are very very clunky. Developeers don't get tired to illuminate new expensive skins you should buy in the ingame shop. Really much more efforts there then in the game itself.  Even 5 bucks are too much for this crap. If it's on sale for 1.99 you might give it a shot if you like medieval games. Otherwise stay away!"
,Recommended,219640,17490391,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Mir0_9,This game is really cool an fun.If you like medieval games i would reccomend this game for you.The hard is in the first hours but after you learn how to use your sword or axe it is very fun.
,Recommended,219640,1583536,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Mud,"This is probably one of the best games I've ever played.I'm one of the best fisticuffs users on the game.  So, I have all the good tips for you if you want to join.Hit me up."
,Recommended,219640,3955306,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Eeglis,"At first this game is kind of a♥♥♥♥♥♥and quite hard, after few hours it starts to be easier. Also it's fun that players in this game get REALLY easily butthurt. So much fun because of that."
,Recommended,219640,14518124,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Lʜ | sombo,SPIN TO WIN
76561198050167072,Recommended,219640,7431336,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Gargerad,Get this game. now
76561198090689956,Recommended,219640,24070377,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The_Russian_Eminem,"Well this game is truly magnificant in every way possible, from getting slaughtered to being beheaded and your character gurgyling of blood once hes been killed, is definatly one of the best experiences ive had in a while.Good things:Well you can make yo moma jokes whick is bloody fantasticYou can teabagAll the classes and weapons are very balancedGraphics are on pointtaunting is also goodBeing able to cut off limbs with laughter once your opponent is deadThe glitches that can happen to your ragdoll are unbeatableand i can on and on but i think the list would've crashed valveYou can decapitate peoples heads :)Range of weapons and classesYou can get but♥♥♥♥♥♥♥multiple timesNegative:You dont really get a tuturiol and just get plopped right in the middle of a blood bathYou always get DE_stroyed by someone with high pingThis game will cause you to call BS at the screen multiple times in a minuteSometimes little pathetic throwing knives can go through your thick shieldYou will always get double,triple and quadrouple teamed and you cant do anything about itFull of people with high pingsometimes lack of servers to your likingYou will get rekt by noobs at some pointUnfortunatly you can get offended by the yo moma jokes11/10 would decapitate heads"
,Recommended,219640,8455984,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ownosourus,"Considering how inherently cool medieval combat is, it’s a wonder that games based on knights and castles don’t rival zombies when it comes to first-person popularity. Thankfully those hankering for some heavily armoured king slaying now have a superb game that is just what the Knights Templar ordered.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a multiplayer-only, first/third-person, hack-and-slasher that grabs most full priced games by the throat, tells them they’re unfit to polish Chivalry’s armour, before running them through with three feet of tempered steel.Built on the Unreal engine, each of the huge levels makes the areas in most other online shooters look like lifeless miniature movie sets. These vast medieval playgrounds are filled with huge castles, wooded forests, and moonlit cliffs. They’re not mere static backdrops for the carnage within, as each area is brimming with life; catapults flinging boulders at crumbling defences; ships circling in the bay under incoming ballista fire; the crowd cheering on in the arena.Full limb dismemberment and decapitation reward particularly effective strikes, and your weapons and armour will be covered in blood by the end of a match. Both first and third-person options are available depending on your preference.Matching the visual brutality are some of the most gut-wrenching sound effects heard in gaming.It looks and sounds great, but how does Chivalry play? This is a game all about melee weapons, so how the hell do you translate that to mouse and keyboard control? Pretty damn well, apparently.Longbows and crossbows control just like a normal shooter, except they take a little while to ready up. Swords, maces and axes require an entirely different set of buttons. Right mouse button is used to block, left mouse is used as a standard horizontal slashing attack, mouse wheel down is a thrusting jab, while mouse wheel up is a powerful overhead blow.Sounds simple, right? It’s anything but. This game is frickin’ hard.Mastering the basics of combat is made even trickier by the four different classes, which all have different strengths.I really enjoyed my time with Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. It was a difficult game to begin with, but after some practice and finding a good team to play with, I couldn’t help but have a good time."
,Recommended,219640,1462221,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Badulf; Jötunn,COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER!
76561198065381253,Recommended,219640,20014221,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,imöra,awesome game!
76561198085010080,Recommended,219640,29973412,Posted: 16 February,all,Blue,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is an excellent game with a few things you need to keep in mind.The game itself:If you're sick and tired of the generic-as-hell First Person Shooter with bland mechanics, why not try a first person game that focuses on melee combat and some archery instead? Wanna play a game with gritty, gory melee action? You're all set. Different game modes? You're all set. A game that requires skill? You're all set, to some degree.The gameplay is very fun and enjoyable. It gives you the gritty, gory combat you would expect from a game like this which should leave you satisfied. You can slice off people's heads with the sheer power of a zweihander. You can smash people's faces like a watermelon with a maul, or if you're one of those annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who like to get on a melee fighter's nerves, you can frustrate the living♥♥♥♥♥♥outta them with archery.There are three melee classes and only one archer class. Melee classes are: vanguard, knight, and man-at-arms. The vanguard may very well be the most common class on this game, most often played by people who either were too awful at the game to learn the mechanics of the other two classes, or by skilled players who like to make use of long range weapons. The vanguard hits like a truck, provides decent armor, has decent mobility, and has long range melee weapons. You can see why he is the most common melee class used on this game.Of course, if you want to apply more skill in this game, there's always the knight!*cough cough* ballerina dancing with mauls *cough cough*Basically, the knight is used by players who, for the most part, prefer a class that can take the most hits. He also has weapons which are very effected and very high damage, but they require more skill. People who use the knight as their main class of choice want a more complex playstyle. Other types of players who use the knight are the dimwitted dip♥♥♥♥♥ who think that the most authentic, realistic method of fighting involves bringing a messer or maul and spinning it around from awkward angles like a complete retard. Knights take tons of damage, but tend to be fat asses and are slow as a result. Their weapons aren't ranged like the vanguards, so they have to close the distance a bit.Then there's the man at arms, the class with the second-weakest armor (very weak, but no as weak as the archer), but also possessing very fast speed and quick, short-range weapons. People who use the man at arms are either masters at melee, or clueless dip♥♥♥♥♥ who don't know how to use his full potential. This is the melee class that is the most difficult to learn (which is why I don't play as him), but when mastered, chances are you will curb-stomp the other classes. This is because people who know how to use the man-at-arms know that his main purpose is to be an extremely annoying piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that you somehow can't hit no matter how hard you try, and when he hits you, he does it when you least expect it. That's how you play as this class. Either that, or you can use this class how most people, including me, use him, which is just running around your opponent, hoping to dodge him, but then you somehow run into a sword and get yourself pwned.The last class, which is hated by all Chivalry players who only use melee, is the archer. He has the weakest armor and can get killed in one hit by a powerful weapon, so you'd probably think he'd be the puniest class (which he is), but he's not as harmless as you'd think. An archer's ranged weapons include crossbows and javelins, to name a few. Archers have earned their reputation as extremely annoying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s by attacking melee fighters who are caught in a fight with another meleer. They also attack meleers from behind, where they least expect them, or they camp in secluded areas, waiting for an unexpecting meleer to jump in their trap. Their ranged weapons are very powerful. Now, you might think you could beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of an archer in melee (which is mostly true), but keep in mind that skilled players can use the archer's melee similar to a man at arms, which is by using footwork and forcing the player to hesitate.So yeah, that's basically the combat gameplay right there, but now on to the cons!The cons:1) If you thought that the combat on this game would be simple and straight forward, think again. Chivalry is a game where fighters can twist their spines around like pretzels (without any injury at all), spin around, and land a hit on you, even when you thought you perfectly blocked that strike. Is it annoying? Yes, but most of the people who have played this game a long time do it. The people who have 1,000+ hours on this game are, for the most part, going to use strikes from awkward angles to kill you in seconds. You would think you'd be able to block them, even when you saw how slow the strike was, but think again. Players who fight like this know the combat animations very well, and they are able to predict the weapon's range of damage. It doesn't matter if you think moves like these would be realistically impossible, because the game mechanics don't give two flying ♥♥♥♥♥ about realism.2) As mentioned before, blocking tends to be useless when you need it against players who fight in such a strange way.3) The Chivalry community tends to get whiny and ♥♥♥♥♥y about these things called feints. You see, on Chivalry, being able to use dragging, ballerina dancing, and a bunch of other bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy moves that allow the player to hit you from odd angles, therefore rendering your blocks useless, is something that is considered the norm. If you use feints, which are meant to trick a player into thinking you're going to strike them with a specific move, allowing you to disrupt their blocking rythm and use a completely different strike when they're open, then you will be seen as a heretic among the community for exploiting the game mechanics. Yes my friend, that's right! People will start whining about how big of a scrub you are for using feints, and they are the very people who exploit the game's combat animations to land hits that completely ignore your parries.Dragging the mouse to slow down attacks or speed them up to hit your opponent? Good. Feinting to hit your opponent? Bad. I don't get why it is that way since feinting is a means to the same end.With all that aside, the game is still pretty awesome."
,Recommended,219640,16073424,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Pink Sherbet,I'm gay
76561198001456909,Recommended,219640,9830035,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Hodor,Without a doubt the best screaming Englishmen / decapitation simulator on the market.
76561198042050256,Not Recommended,219640,8353531,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,le crazy gamer xD,"I'm not sure what to say about this game. It's hilarious, and gives you many many hours of entertainment and what seems like a deep and intricate combat system. However, on the one hand, once you play it for a while, you realize how horribly, horribly buggy and easy it is to abuse the combat system. Once you discover how to slow down your attacks as a Vanguard, it's almost impossible for 70% of all players to defeat you.The game has been out for over two years. It quickly got a lot of hype and attention from big YouTubers, but despite the massive cash-in the devs got they're evidently pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at their job. The peasants are all identical, the kick animation is clunky and the kick mechanic itself is often downright broken. It's remarkable that Torn Banner got the combat system quite rightly addictive and still not polish their game. There are still places you can clip through, get stuck; maps can break and have had the same glitches since they were introduced. Third person is literally allowed, for some inexplicable reason, granting players objective advantage over others, making this the ultimate way to play - which is a glaring problem, to say the least, when the game is advertised as a FIRST PERSON slasher.All this total nonsense leads me to believe that the devs really have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea what they're doing. Do they even play their own game, realizing the problems that exist? It's not even debatable that third person is the best way to play. It doesn't matter if you like it or not, if you play in third person and master it then you WILL be better than someone on that same level playing in first person.The devs just got lucky with a solid combat formula. I'm sad to admit I've nearly spent 300 hours on the game and nearly every match there is a bug or a glitch or a balance problem that ruins it. It's been two years since the game got out of beta. I don't ♥♥♥♥ing understand how they can add more maps and fail to add unique voice commands to those maps, as was included in every vanilla map.What the hell kind of budget do these people operate with anyway. The instance there comes along a game that is the same but is actually focused on first person I will switch, and I will also uninstall this crap. I cringe seeing it on my games list.For a slight bit of perspective on how broken this game is at its core, here is a video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4SzkQ2qbB4#slasherwhen"
76561198061714790,Not Recommended,219640,14569121,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Bricky,Buy on a sale...I'ts not worth your money otherwise
,Not Recommended,219640,28271650,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Jelly Creeper,"I love Chivalry. Even after all this time I love both Chivalry: Medieval Warfare and Chivalry: Deadliest WarriorBut I just hate how this company is handling modding. Modding is a fun way to revive or reshape a game to your preferences and share it with others, it may unbalance the game slightly, but as long as it's only aesthetic things being changed it's harmless. The way they did it in Chivalry was ""YOU do mods for US to sell"".I don't disagree with them selling aesthetic content as dlc. I strongly disagree with them using user created assets and monetizing on them. That's a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ way to treat your playerbase and mod users."
,Recommended,219640,14729980,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,❆ | Mike D.,"8/8 game m8, rock on stick > steel sword, top kek"
,Recommended,219640,24474789,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mithril.Pigeon,"I decided to jump onto my first multiplayer game after becoming confident in my bot-destroying abilities.My objective was to defend a village and its inhabitants from the Mason Order.One person in particular that I remember vividly was a Mason Vanguard who I engaged in a duel after seeing him defeat one of my allies.  I ran up to him with my longsword in hand (well, both of my hands) while his back was turned.  He was preparing to bring his massive two-handed sword down to butcher another hopeless peasant.He accidentially managed to hit me with a reverse overhead despite not knowing that I was behind him.  Unfortunately, my loud yell of pain got his attention.  I managed to get a few strikes in, but the first blow I took did a lot of damage and I fell on the battlefield.  I watched with my dying breath as he started performing squats on my face while saying that he liked me.Suddenly, his head exploded as an Agathian Knight struck him from behind with his maul.  The dead Mason Vanguard fell on top of my corpse.  As my respawning timer ended, the last thing I saw of that engagement was my comrade teabagging where our opponent's head would have been if it had not exploded, which unfortunately was also where my surprisingly still intact face was.9,001/420 would become a victim of necrophilia again"
,Recommended,219640,26277703,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Microsoft-BinLaden™,The main game is pro and brutal. and good costumize stuff. and the dlc funny cuz u can be spartaah!! and valhallah >/ samurai
,Recommended,219640,1164910,"Posted: 11 January, 2013",all,[CVG]Anton,After playing this game for a bit and trying out the diffeent maps I can say this is cool game. Its only multiplayer and there is no campaign to play through.The multiplayer has lots of servers to play on and there are allot of players. However you can create your own game rather then join one and fill it with bots if you don't want to play with others.I have to say the game has a very cool begining for the training option where you learn all the different combat modes and how to fight.I like this game and I like that I only paid $12 for it on the Steam 2012 Winter sale. If this game was $20 I wouldn't recomend it. This is a $10 - $15 game.
76561198027086480,Recommended,219640,20299032,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Alwaid,"TL;DR:This game will surely satisfy your medieval love with its atmosphere. About mechanics, meh, if you don't care about a knight who is spinning like a beyblade then you'll love it.If you are under 15 level and if you playing on low level servers (0-15 lvl ones with the green color.) you will love its mechanics too. But whenever you are higher than 15, then you won't be able to enter those ones. And you will see some people spinning around like trying to hit a fly with his weapon. You won't be able to predict their movements for a while, and you'll get used to it. So, the breaking point is the lvl 15. If you don't care about realistic movements then i think you'll love this game.Graphics are fancy enough to satisfy me, but i suggest you to watch some videos to see if it's your style or not.Let me be clear, comminuty is bad, for me at least, so you had better to play this game with your friends. It'll neutralise the effect of the bad comminuty a bit.Bots are bad, just, bad.But I'll give it a upvote because I'm playing it with my friends mostly, and we're enjoying it together."
,Recommended,219640,11001790,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Эльфийка-сан,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the AGATHA!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,21828492,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,MoDSec,This game has been unbalanced for a long long time in many many ways.
76561198001939226,Not Recommended,219640,16503990,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ss'ra,"I strongly recommend AGAINST buying this game! Not because of the game (which is fine for the most part), but because of the community, which is extremelly imature. Often you'll get players from your own team attacking you or killing you for no reason and the moment you retaliate they will start a kick vote against you. And more often than not, you will get kicked. Also, you'll get insulted, also for no reason by people you won't even come in contact with. And speaking of kick votes, you will see one every 10-20 seconds, most of which are initiated just because ppl feel like it. So don't waste your time playing this game with 12 years old kids. Game unistalled!"
76561198041578858,Recommended,219640,21096632,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Stupid Sexy Caesar,"If you're thinking about buying chivalry and you don't know if you'll like it, for example you've never played a melee focuse competitive multiplater game before (I know they're aren't many) these are the things you should know about Chivalry:~ It's not like Mount and Blade, it's much smaller scale and controls quite differently, if you haven't played M&B the controls should be easier to learn in one way, but conceps such as ""dragging"" a little difficult to pick up. Chivalry is difficult to learn and difficult to master but they key to success is patience, peristence and not trying to tank 3 dudes by yourself.~ It's hard for new players to get into without being interested with the medieval setting or you aren't the most paitient person when it comes to online games, and the low level servers only teach you bad habits that work against you in the long run.~ Community is simultaneously the best and worst, new players will be shown no mercy for team damage and people will criticise how you play mercilessly. But at the same time there are some of the wittiest and hilarious bunch out there. The playerbase is old and low level servers are usually barren outside sales and learning to play against 1000 hour veterans can be a huge test of ones fortitude...~ The only microtransactions/dlc in the game are purely aesthetic such as weapons skins and character skins, weapons are unlocked purely based on amount of kills done with specific weapons.~ The weapons that you can unlock aren't inherently better than the starting selection although there are some weapons that are virtually useless for competitive play and others which are abused to the utmost for easy kills.~ Not in any way representive of actual medieval combat... But still fun as hell..."
76561198056326257,Not Recommended,219640,7787677,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Xekratos,"If you enjoy games like this, Check out Mordhau. They decided to make a first person melee slasher and make hitbox exploitation not a thing.This game relies heavily on hitbox manipulation and bad game design. They are not working on or fixing this game so it is dead. This game Genre is amazing and Mordhau promises a better experience.Check out Mordhauhttps://mordhau.com/"
,Recommended,219640,13088437,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,[ARX]AnthonyPS,"My first impression was this game wasn't as bad as other people's review. I saw a lot of complaints about bugs exploitation,glitches,etc. But I experience none of that when I play the game. The game is really fun even though it's hard to learn. Yes, it requires a lot of time to master this game. But that doesn't make this game bad. Serious players will find learning this game gives them a hell lot of fun due to the challenging gameplay.But for players that are just curious about the unique FPS sword fighting gameplay, I'm sure most of them will find the game quite difficult. That goes to the conclusion that people who's complaining about hit delays, block failure bugs, etc. are just angry that they're being cut to pieces every time they try to play by experienced players. I saw a lot of 1,000 hours + gameplay players in this game. It's not peculiar that noobs won't survive during early games. Most of the angry reviewers only has <100 hours of gameplay.Does that mean you have to be a serious to play this game ? Absolutely not. Me myself isn't a serious player. I only buy this game because of the unique gameplay and I got no intention at all to master this game. I had a lot of fun playing this game due to the unique gameplay. There're no other game that has this kind of high-quality graphics with FPS-TPS medieval sword fighting. Even the DLC is also not bad at all. The classes are really interesting and you can feel like you're in a real war during that era.The only downside of this game was the server. The Chivalry : Medieval Warfare server is really crowded but it has no asian server. I'm from Indonesia and the best country that offers me good ping is Singapore and of course, Indonesia (duh). It's rather rare to find southeast asian server in the game and I had to play with >200 ping. That led to immature players mocking me for my bad ping. Indonesia's maximum internet speed bandwith is only 5 MBps with the government's Telkom Speedy ISP. That made me impossible to get good pings if I join servers outside Southeast Asia. So if you're from Indonesia, you should think twice before buying this game. The DLC also got the same problem. There's only 1-5 crowded server everyday and all of them has >200 ping. But I get the amount of fun I paid for. For me, it's worth  the money."
,Recommended,219640,1490900,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,tiha,ブンブン振り廻すゲーだと思いきや、読み合いがあったりと変態紳士が多めのゲーム最近は手馴れた戦士が多く、初心者はまず間違いなくボコボコにされるだが、それは誰しも通る道、そこを乗り越えると何かが見えるはず来たれ変態紳士
76561198068623868,Recommended,219640,11070577,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Vaelin,"Brutal Reality of Medieval Combat, there is no mercy.Hard to master, but nice to play"
,Recommended,219640,8521891,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,panpizza5,i like the game good game good game good game good game good game good game-Charlietheclown 1/2/2014
,Recommended,219640,16041899,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Cherry,I didn't know cancer could be enjoyable
,Recommended,219640,14286974,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,MULTI IS BACK SON,Pros:THE  ORDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARCons:THOSE ARCHERS ARE CUTTING US DOWN10/10
76561198101645831,Recommended,219640,9618506,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,The_Legend27,"Chivalry is hands down the best medeival FPS on the market, other titles such as War of the Roses and mount and blade just dont compare. The gameplay is beutiful, fast paced and brutal completely dependant on skill rather than buying better weapons. The classes are well balanced, archer seems a bit slow when notching his bow but this gives it a sense of realism. The maps for the most part are epic. Dont waste time on arena matches, team objectives are where the actions at. Amazingly fun sieges with battering rams, catapults and balista make the team objective maps some of the best in the game. However, the best moment by far is when you assault the enemy keep and assasinate their king.The game does have some glaring bugs, however these can be ignored for the most part.The worst of these being weapon kills not counting, making it impossible to get new weapons, the kills will count occasionaly it will just take longer to level up.There are also issues with hits not counting, blocking not working, however i have not experienced these yet in the several matches ive played. Might be caused by lag or slow internet.Not really a bug but im going to put it here anyway: Teamkills, if your with a good group of players this shouldnt bother you to much, occasionaly getting hit by a friendly vangaurd whose spamming lmb. However if your not with a good group of players you will get the occasional (censored) on your team, who thinks it is funny to sneak up behind you while your fighting and stab you. Fortunately there is a nice ban system to get rid of these trolls.Overalll this game is well worth the 8.50$ i spent on it after using a coupon. I would really like to see a healer or mage class though this probably wont be implemented, seeing as this game is medeival, not fantasy medeival.To the king!Edit: This is a review for the deadliest warrior expansion.So far the game runs slower than chivalry, I had to turn all the graphics down.The new classes are very fun to play, especialy samurai and pirate.The maps are not anything exemplary. Most are too big for the amount of players and they are all arena style, no objective maps yet. I spend a lot of time looking for people to fight instead of fighting.The new charachter progression system is nice, leveling up the charachters you play as rather than one profile as a whole.The vanity system is also a nice feature to help stand out on the battlefield, and its free...currently.Overall well worth the 5$ i payed during sale. The game could really use some better maps though. I would really like to see the normal chivalry maps ported over."
,Not Recommended,219640,24409743,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,God of Ruse,"Horribly optimized game, riddled with bugs and non-patched mechanics that are exploited i.e high DPI swings.Terrible experience"
,Recommended,219640,14088141,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,W1LL,1300 hours of Chivalry has taught me that there is no end to the fun in this game. Highly recommend.
76561198059980707,Recommended,219640,15425216,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,the eagle's deagle,"THE SOUND OF SWORDS THUNDERS!@!so in been playing this forn like lots of hours and i kust goten rite an reinveiwbn. sothis game ficuk good. so much♥♥♥♥♥♥to fichg and masssive ♥♥♥♥ing weapons. so good. i think poeple underestimate the power of the bow cas i use it. so good. on server i play on most poeple let me right stufff as i fight il give example. 'he smiles as the blood flows down his arms its  so good and fresh and he loves the smell of blood and death. but he nevers dies, for he iss immortal.' i just rihjg stuff like that and very one says u good be a write. so good. this game is balanced. so good. i need to only inrock one more wapon but i dont know what it is cas it is so good. that sums up my review on chivenry combat. it is so good game and so good weapons that actuaklly feel like a weapon in reall life cas it is just made so good. i wood recakmend that gamme for most people who like games like counter sttike, dead frontier, club penguin, and even games like sky rim. all these games are so good and they jkust kreep get bnetter and better n til that is too much to take on adn the game gets boring but never., so good."
76561198034344545,Not Recommended,219640,23519696,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Azdan,"I really liked this game, played a lot with my friends. Plenty of fun. Until a point.This point was encoutering spinning a-holes which completely ruined the experience. Why be a knight, if you could become a Beyblade?Unless the devs fix this, this review will remain negative and I will not touch this game again."
76561198003454835,Recommended,219640,9135013,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,impiribl,awesome
76561198120696812,Recommended,219640,11552507,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Rain,IMO its better than elder scrolls onlines combat. BY FAR!
76561198052779439,Recommended,219640,16364880,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,*★ ﻝℴlly ★* - OLD ALLIANCE -,Good and funny game :)
76561198044997728,Recommended,219640,9156046,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Ducks,"This game is nothing short of an epic. The fighting is exremely varied, as different players have different combat types, leading to a kind of rock paper scissors effect, which encourages you to work more on your reaction time and how you fight, so there is a large learning curve which I very much do like. I've been playing a lot of the DLC, Deadliest Warrior, which I now enjoy more than the original. And, on high graphics, this is one of the most beautiful games I've ever seen played before. Not getting this game would really be a shame if you were thinking about it, because it is, really, amazing and worth every cent."
76561198095326044,Recommended,219640,20978825,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Rigamortis,"I have always wanted to charge into battle and wreck face with a greatsword. In this game you can do that, until you get tired of being owned by the various level 40+ players who have hundreds or even over a thousand hours of playing time. You may be thinking ""I can out play them."" No bro... just no. They have the game mechanic down to a science and can alter their swing to where you can't see it. Or they turn up the DPI settings in their mouse and spin like ♥♥♥♥in crazy. I did have fun though and I will continue playing the game for that reason alone. Do not expect to have a positive KD at the end of every match. It won't happen. I still rate the game 8/10. If there were more players we would have level brackets to stop the skill gap."
,Not Recommended,219640,28427953,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Boner Breath,"When this game initially launched it was fantastic, but now it's full of people that abuse the hitboxes and weapon animations to land hits. Similar to Gears of War with those wall slides that people would do, the community made this game suck."
,Recommended,219640,17294051,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,NarwhalChampion,"This is a very fun game, if you are willing to put a lot of time into it. When I first got this game I had a fun time with it. I ran around lmbing everybody in the 0-15 ranked servers. It was fun until I hit rank 15 and I left the nest. I had to play with much higher ranked people that destroyed me over and over. It was frustrating, but that frustration made me want to get good at the game. So I started training in classic duel servers. These duel servers are the main thing that helped me improve. Keep working and someday you might be half as good as NarwhalChampion (The God of Chivalry)Good Features:-There is tons of customization (a lot of this you have to pay for but they give you no advantage as they are only skins)-The gamemodes are fun, I enjoy every game mode but my favorites are Team Objective and Last Team Standing-The majority of the community is good, ive seen that some other reviews say otherwise but I disagree.While there are jerks every once and a while ive met a lot of cool people on this game-The combat is extremely fun. but hard to masterDrags, accels, feints, and reverse overheads may seem very frusrating at first but once you learn them it gives the game so much more depth-The weaponsAll the weapons are pretty balanced and there are none that just utterly suckBad Features:-The game is locked at 60 FPS by default and you have to go into the game files to get it to 120 FPSOverall I enjoy this game a lot and I plan to keep playing"
,Recommended,219640,18718148,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,к͒н͊,"This game is like crack. No matter how bad it is for you or your mental health. You can hate the players and blame the game, but in the end, you'll be back for more."
76561198026986740,Not Recommended,219640,13532159,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Yates,"my first game, i manage to kill someone in round one before dying, starting to get a feel for it. round two, somebody called ""♥♥♥♥♥"" kills me. round 3, he not only kisses me but multiple people. there are numerous people calling for him to be kicked, me included. it doesn't pass.seconds later, someone calls for me to be kicked, it passes. IP banned from that server.i didn't even get to play one full single game and yet they've banned me for no wrong doing, while some guy called ""♥♥♥♥♥"" gets to go on a team-killing spree. that basically says it all about this game - the community is toxic. the game itself may be enjoyable (i was starting to like it), but the community is absolute garbage.UPDATE: after 2 years i finally decided to give it another go. this time with a mate.for some reason they kick my mate, i simply ask why they did that and immediately they call for me to be kicked.toxic community. never before have i encountered this kind of thing in another multiplayer game. it's like a bunch of 12 year old kids are playing."
76561198248450300,Recommended,219640,19036677,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,a,exploded a guys head by punching it 10/10
,Recommended,219640,8509670,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ThePantsWizard,"""Thou hast been 0wn3d"""
76561198056071577,Recommended,219640,9103724,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Muther Rasha,"Good game, very fun when you get good at it, but you gotta be persistant. If you play for an hour and expect results, you're gonna have a bad time. There will always be someone better at this than you, so don't rage."
,Not Recommended,219640,9968402,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Gettooled,"Crazy amounts of lag for no reason, gets boring fast, bad (or a least with lag) combat systemWould not recomend for the full price, possibly a decent buy at less then half price n with inconsistent lag if ur lucky"
,Recommended,219640,33494241,Posted: 12 July,all,.Harry,"Good game, terrible mechanics, terrible community.10/10, doesn't count hours played."
,Recommended,219640,16781403,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Naught,"A game called ""Chivalry"" where people behead their own teammates for fun :) I FLIPPING LOVE IT!8/10 Slight Pay2Win aspects. But overall a great way to kill a few hours a day."
,Recommended,219640,12194352,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Fisa,GREAT game
,Not Recommended,219640,31807128,Posted: 17 May,all,Michael Nancarrow.,"This game promised so much, and delivered so little. The project was abandoned, the community dwindling (and mostly public-driven servers) to the point where it's brand new players verses experienced fanboys. Yeah, game play is fun when evenly matched (thank God for the low-rank official servers), but when you start getting better and wanting to challenge, the world of hit-boxes etc. open up and can make the game rather frustrating.I would not call the game Buggy, but feels like there could be a lot of optimization brought to it, to improve the gameplay. Lastly, the devs (Torn Banner?) are terrible; I purchased over $150.00USD of tweaks, only to realize I had to ""unlock"" the weapon (yeah cool, my fault) but finding servers with players on OCE with my skill group can be rather hard.It's a good game, just expect no support, no updates, a dying community and hours of death-after-death."
76561198098149280,Not Recommended,219640,23897898,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kush Wizard,"This game is fun in the right enviroment and playing with the right people.  But when most of the games have these♥♥♥♥♥holes that use this stupid spinning glitch to kill you and just play really dirty, the game just isn't that fun.  Until the devs fix the ♥♥♥♥ing spinning glitches and unoptimized maps then I can't suggest this game.  get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Torn Banner..."
76561198003630082,Recommended,219640,10664378,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Khal Drogo,The most steepest learning curve game I ever play.FORRRWWWWAAAAAAAARRDDDDD!!!!!!!
76561197977479326,Not Recommended,219640,14171561,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Mart00n,"If this game was a completely free mod it might be worth playing, but with loose controls and movement, and the scale of battles too small to resemble a real medieval conflict, don't bother spending on this. This is not a good multiplayer game when compared to a lot of what's out there."
,Not Recommended,219640,26033575,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,The Prestige,FANTASTIC GAME. HIGHLY TOXIC PLAYER BASE. IMMEDIATLY KICKED FROM 5 MATCHES BECASUE IM ONLY LEVEL 1
,Recommended,219640,9863624,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,m lyes,Monty Python The Game 10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,32455140,Posted: 15 June,all,Ø| Knight_73,"It's such a terrible game past the noob only servers. The difficulty spikes because everyone outside of those servers are spinning gods, or Javelin archers. I hate Javelin archers. I hate people in full plate jumping over my sword, or people bending 90 degrees over in half a second to dodge my strikes. I hate those Javelin archers who run away, and steal kills in FFA from afar, or use the Javelin. I hate the fact that people are also kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and taunt you when you die to, for example, a Javelin archer. This game is not for people looking to be a knight, it's for olympic Javelin throwers, cowards, and Ballerinas with platemail.There are a few people as♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game as I am, who when I fight it feels like they match my skill, but those are few and far between, and I have zero desire to train for hours attempting to get to the high level of the people who remain.I hate Javelins, Archers, Ballerinas, and this game.If you want to be a real knight, get Mount and Blade, or ForHonor. Or even wait for Mordhau. But don't even touch this crap with a three foot Javelin. Unless that's your thing."
76561198161032293,Recommended,219640,26062225,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,hlappy45,Deus vult  Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult  Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult  Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult  Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult  Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult  Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult  Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult  Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult  Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult  Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult  Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult  Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult Deus vult
,Not Recommended,219640,26021714,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Drago,This game went from 20k players to nothing.. Why? as it has a teamkilling problem and the devs think it doesn't need fixing.
,Not Recommended,219640,10161917,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,JewJitsue'd,"Chivarly, on the face looks like a good game that is offering something that is unique. But sadly, no, just no.Potential - the gamestyle is unique, but the execution of the game is poor.The Problems:1) Having 100+ ping will make the game impossible to play against people. You will be unable to block, whilst everyone will always block you.2) Countless crashes, for some reason Medieval Warfare crashes whilst it's expansion does not. This is just poor development.3) After buying the game, you will basically have to pay more money to get new gear.4) Combat becomes a complete mess and a block-fest after a while in game.5) After a hour of gameplay, I felt completely bored of the game.6) A game that allows for tactical gameplay, does not have any tools or anything to help a team improve their tactical ability.7) The game does not feel fun, it becomes a total grindThe Ups:1) Graphics and gore is a huge plus, has great immersion to the game.Conclusion:Currently the game is on special for 6 dollars, I fear to buy it even if it's 75% off."
,Not Recommended,219640,10156619,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Clipbird,"TL;DR: Too expensive, unbalanced/buggy.I played this game during the free weekend and everything about it feels like it was meant to be that way. I believe that if you're already paying for a game then anything else ingame should unlockable by means of progression. If you want any customization beyond the generic armours (as in 3 different sets of each item) expect to pay around 10 bucks for that.You unlock weapons as you progress and while there is some variety depending on your class you will get stuck playing with whichever weapon you find you have the cheapest kills. For me that was the knight with the broadsword, which is the first weapon you start with. 9 out of 10 games I completely dominated just by using a simple ""overhead and slash"" comboAs far as the actual gameplay you will run into plenty of texture clipping, game crashing, disconnecting servers, and a community that will try to kick you out of every game you try to play while screaming hacks.This game is fun at first but you will loose that feeling of simulation once you start disecting the bugs and unbalances. If it were free I would say sure, but for what you get its not worth sinking your time and money into.*EDIT*: I'm a hypocrite and bought this game but waited for a 4.99 sale. After going through swordplay withdrawl I realized that their are unfortunetly far too few games with this type of gameplay and combat. Mount and Blade: Warband is the only close competitor, at least that I have found, and looks fun being able to mount horses and having much larger scale battles but also looks very old and doesn't seem to have the same depth and weight to combat as this game. Kingdom Come: Deliverance looks very promising but is still in development and will be single player only. So until another game comes around, and I really hope one does come soon, this is in my opinion the best option right now for this particular type of game :|..."
,Not Recommended,219640,8050675,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,DL,"The first few times I played the game I truely enjoyed it.. But once you get into the nuances of playing with combos and feints.. it becomes garbage so fast. You'll quickly find your matches plagued with problems such as the majestic 1 hit kill, the incredible side swipe half health hit, and let's not forget the archers who have weapons that do as much damage as yours with a ranged weapon just in case. Do yourself a favor, ignore the hype, ignore what people say, it's garbage."
76561198061679114,Not Recommended,219640,20706985,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kittenstomper,"I really wish I could avoid the typical ""community is toxic"" comment, but unfortunately it sums up the Chivalry experience pretty well.Your first few hours in the level 0-15 servers will be the best. Everyone is learning the ropes (except for smurfs, of course, but I personally didn't meet many) and the battles are therefore a fun and often amusing experience. Apologies for teamkills were often accepted as pretty much everyone was committing them, and there was a mostly friendly atmosphere.However, once you are kicked out of the ""noob servers"", the fun ends there.As this is a rather niche game, servers seem mostly populated by veteran players who have no patience for still unskilled and relatively new players, and have no problem in using their high-tier and sometimes unfair tactics against them.FFA is a joke. Since the game is called Chivalry, I thought I would honour other people's duels and wait for fights to end before attacking myself, hoping others would do the same. Instead, high-level players will ignore eachother in order to constantly chase down the new players to earn free kills and top the scoreboard.In the end, unless you don't mind fighting bots who are often more fun than the majority of players, don't bother with this initially promising game."
,Recommended,219640,14094965,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Hedgy™,First game: Got♥♥♥♥♥♥on by some backwards wizard over-the-head-ball-slice maneuver then got votekicked for being bad.First duel: Gandalf♥♥♥♥♥♥on meSecond game: Beaten to death.Second duel: Gandalf multiplied.----- 38 hours later -----Dash in. hit. run. Dash in. hit. run. Win. Shot in♥♥♥♥♥by own teammate.
76561198046852497,Recommended,219640,11933662,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Doge.exe has stopped working,Left mouse simulator
,Not Recommended,219640,9152877,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,GGK01,"Interesting gameplay and an alternative fps with good quality graphics and sound.However someone has to pay in order to unlock in-game items,the level up system is pretty confusing and slow  and the whole game is just hit&run,making boring very soon.Also no controller support at all :/"
76561198040074047,Not Recommended,219640,9622969,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Zammy,"This game is without a doubt the most broken pos I have ever played!The tutorial makes a point that to block you need to watch the tip of the enemy's sword, however most of the time you'l have a guy face hugging you to death with a light weapon (dagger or short sword) which makes it to where you can't block.hell...tf2 has better melee combat than this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,8945226,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Super Bad,✖ Too buggy.✖ Poorly optimized.✖ Must pay to customize character in game.✓ Fun in multiplayer.You have to pay money for the game and also spend money ingame to customize your character.
76561198120648465,Recommended,219640,28807711,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Hydrogender,I feel bad for the people who paid 30$ for this
76561198018150716,Not Recommended,219640,21094717,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Maul of Peace,"Why would I not recommend this game when I've spent so many hours playing it? Well, that's because I lost all respect and faith in Torn Banner after they destroyed what I came to love. When I first started, the game was very fun albeit raw and clanky... but still fun! The community has always been toxic (and I've been guilty of this as well), but everyone overlooked this because the game was great for years!This game was the reason I logged on to Steam every day. It kept me entertained, and it drove my competitive spirit. I have made so many friends from Chivalry, that I can't even count. I have gone through so many experiences that I hope to never forget...I quit last year. I tried playing again from time to time, but it didn't work out.Torn Banner tore the game apart (no pun intended). They started with something beautiful and destroyed it. Their inner greed knows no bounds! Patch after patch, yet the game never improved. It was like a bandaid over a bandaid, repeated over and over again. What do we have after 4 years? Something I can't even recognize.Controls feel like I'm in water. Movement is completely different now. Forget about the exploits that were never fixed but instead got worse. Devs have no respect for the player base. They see us as a cash cow. Some devs even insult and disrespect certain classes. How can I have faith in Torn Banner when they ridicule us?I feel sad writing this, but I will never play again.Is it worth 5 bucks? Yes. Is it worth your time though? Not anymore."
,Recommended,219640,21169547,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Vokan,Either you rage quit early to spinning knights and vanguards or you play long enough to see yourself become one of them
76561197973925002,Recommended,219640,30172869,Posted: 25 February,all,Goldenfold,Weak @55  players with HUGE egos.  4000 hours.  5 stars
76561197971868280,Not Recommended,219640,9173560,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,REINO,mostly♥♥♥♥♥
76561198066974109,Not Recommended,219640,22277934,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Brian,"Messer: CheckSpinning and Dragging: CheckParrying(optional) : CheckKnight Class Only: CheckLeft Mouse Button: CheckThere you go, guys! It's as simple as that! Have fun!"
,Recommended,219640,23182626,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,daniel,haha idk man
,Not Recommended,219640,8969193,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Hisoka,Laggy and glitchy but fun concept
,Not Recommended,219640,10171266,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Big dick,♥♥♥♥♥mechanics ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Recommended,219640,16371109,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Orphan,"Chivalry is by far, my favorite game right now.  There is a steep learning curve to it, but once you start your climb, you can be rewarded greatly.  There are no other games like Chivalry, that have as in depth as a combat system as it does.Best buy that I made on a whim, by far."
,Recommended,219640,16416758,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Codrin Bradea : Satana,I play this with my mom
,Recommended,219640,30862670,Posted: 31 March,all,HockHard,Ever wanted to cut someone in two?Well you can't
76561198047738537,Not Recommended,219640,35118359,Posted: 21 September,all,Big boy baggy pants,"I would have loved to get more into this game,sadly the toxic community ruins it."
,Recommended,219640,19441428,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Terse Con Carne,"If you like a hateful community, bugs, exploits, and rage quits... then you cannot have more fun than this game. After almost 2000 hours, I can offically say... ""What have I been doing with my life?""I could not recommend it more. Or hate it more."
,Recommended,219640,11384045,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,LaidToR3st,"This game is a rediculously good time. So much fun to be had.While you can say this game has a learning curve, it is still relatively straight forward.Unlike the torment of learning to play Mount & Blade, I got the hang of this melee combat fairly quickly:The combat is not complex, in my opinion. Attacks, blocks, combos, feints.It is very satisfying to partake in combat. All of the weapons feel good. There is a weight to all of them.The training portion will teach you how to play, and the rest is just bloody awesome.Definitely a must have for any LAN party."
,Recommended,219640,14095139,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,MR_AMR,"Most bloody, hair-tearing, annoying, stupid, rewarding game of its time, its brings the medieval feel to another level with slashing your foes limbs off with every move of your blade!Awesome Game , A piece of eden for Hack n Slash fans  as its multiplayer so its never ending fun :)"
,Not Recommended,219640,8351379,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,💩,"I do like this game but you can't level any futher than lvl 5, and it's extremely annoying, so for that i wouldn't recommend this game at all until they fix it."
76561198028863433,Not Recommended,219640,7989365,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Bouldus (Tui),"this game is broken, no servers will show up i have re installed it still nothing varfied the cache still nothing DO NOT BUY THIS"
,Not Recommended,219640,10883114,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fat Ninja,"Dropped this game after training and 1 pvp match, probably not my thing."
76561198010124423,Not Recommended,219640,10172751,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Dio Brando,You know whats bad? chivalryyou know whats unbalance? chivalryyou know what you shouldnt buy? chivalryto sum up this game avoid it completely.
76561198058291027,Recommended,219640,13439557,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,McCringleberry,"If you like stabbing, slashing, mashing, yelling and popping off heads this game is for you. 12/10 would chivalry again"
,Recommended,219640,19915075,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,A R T X C U S,"This is the type of game where, if you are good enough, you can singlehandedly defeat 10+ players charging at you. It's the type of game where enemies occassionally just turn and run if they see you gazing at them. Once you surpass that point, its the type of game where people still remember you... a legend... after not logging on for a year. If you give up easily, I don't recommend this game for you as there is a steep learning curve. Otherwise, prepare to have a head-chopping blast making your way to the top."
76561198006761699,Recommended,219640,12587225,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Daddy Cool,Good fun even better with friends :)
,Recommended,219640,14740802,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Odysseus ur m8,You will get your money's worth out of this game without a doubt.Will take over your life though.
76561198014927927,Recommended,219640,12868650,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Kiezel,"This game is very good. It lets you experience melee combat in a way no other game has done before. After having played this game for many hours I still like it, and when you get bored, you can always entertain yourself by kicking your teammates of buildings."
,Not Recommended,219640,17963051,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Fishbun,my mom bought me this game
,Not Recommended,219640,8480883,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Shrike,"Nice concept, too bad it is riddled with bugs.The settings will not apply unless you restart, which isn't mentioned in the settings screen. Smoke doesn't seem to appear either. I gave up on combat training after 3 bugs rendered it impassable. A bug on specialised training causes the use key on the ammo box to trigger all specialised training classes at once somehow. Another bug is that dodging is mislabeled in the tutorial, ""Double tap W, A, S or D"" should say ""Tap V and a direction."" Lastly I was unable to proceed after getting out of the specialised training pit due to a clipping issue and was unable to get back in, I was then able to roam around and walk underwater. Wouldn't recommend, especially to South Africans like myself, where servers are completely empty."
76561198100778060,Recommended,219640,18563197,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,乙| Glassfan •҉,"Having almost reached the 1200 mark in hours played, I have decided to step away for awhile and attend to real life stuff.Would I recommend this game?Absolutely!I spent a whopping $5.00 and poured hours upon hours into this game (poor Gf!) hehe.In my experience, there has been nothing that is remotely comparable to the visceral feel of the combat that Chivalry provides. The voice acting, the grunts when you swing your weapon, the bloodcurdling screams and gurgling of your enemy as he dies after you have dispatched him. And most of all -- how challenging the game was to get even semi-competent at my loadouts of choice.If you are a gamer that likes to immersive themselves with dedication in trying to master a very difficult game -- this is for you. If you can leave your ego at the door and just play for the experience --while constantly studying the whys and what nots  --> you will be rewarded by seeing your battle prowess increase. But, IMO, dont expect an exponential curve of progress. This game is a ""slow burn"" of countless defeats coupled with many small victories along the way.*notable moments:The moment that you live through your first 3 v 1 or 1 v ""many"" and press ""x9"" as you walk away from the slain.The moment you learn how to get kills with the catapult or ballista and your opponents rage at you in chat.The moment you participate in a king v king duel and win.The moment you decapitate that ""scum"" archer, dishing out your knightly justice.The moment you feint and kill your opponent, only for him to cravenly throw up a votekick that fails.The moment where the art of ""dragging"" finally clicks.The moment where playing with your chiv friends is an awesome, fun pasttime -- where the chat is good natured trash talking.So many moments and many more not covered.Find your playstyle, play your playstyle regardless of any naysaying, and kill your enemies."
76561197984227127,Recommended,219640,30800234,Posted: 28 March,all,Dodge Baller,"Game is awesome, great tactical mulity player combat system."
76561197961733093,Recommended,219640,10932624,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[KoW] ha HAAA,"93% (Editor's Choice, Baby!)Chivalry: Medieval Warfare (CMW) is everything that it claims to be and more: ""a fast paced medieval first person slasher"". It is NOT a simulator. That being said, the mechanics are nothing short of impressive: the weight of the weapon in your hands, solid physics, and top notch sound effects—you really feel a jolt as the weight of your sword is blocked by an opponent's halberd, or the brutal (but oh so satisfying) crisp sound of you shearing off your opponent's head with a perfectly angled swing from your claymore, leaving his head tumbling down the stone steps in front of his slumped body. In a word: Epic.And also hilarious.There's something oddly humorous about this entire game. It doesn't take itself too seriously, and the numerous over-the-top voice commands, including screaming battle cries, condescending laughter, and taunts that would make Monty Python proud, make in-game interaction a real treat.If you've never played a melee FPS before, I would say CMW is comparable to Counter-Strike 1.6 in terms of pacing and ""excitement level"", but is far more brutal, visceral, and in-your-face. If you are in any way competitive (and let's face it, most FPS gamers are), get ready to be shouting at your monitor in the beginning. You may even rage quit a few times. But it won't be out of frustration from the game itself, but from getting bested by a player who is better than you—and you know it. On the flip side, you'll be yelling in glee when the opposite happens: your opponent overconfidently rushes in with an overhead swing with a sword that's too heavy for his puny little girly arms, and you—gritting your teeth, holding your breath, and sweating profusely—riposte your sword off of his incoming strike in a fraction of a second and plunge 3 feet of cold steel clear through his chest. Victory is sweet.Chivalry has given me countless hours of enjoyment because it is highly skill based and easy to jump in and out of. If you're busy, you can hop into a public server for 15 minutes to goof around and blow off some steam, or you can spend the better part of an afternoon playing through all of the objective-based maps and dueling high level players, who might just teach you a thing or two.And finally, purely from a ""consumer's point of view"", you will get your money's worth from this game, especially if you buy it on sale. I only paid $15.00 for my copy, and Chivalry has given me over 800 hours of enjoyment. You'll notice that a lot of other reviewers here have similar playtimes or even longer. I even saw a negative review by a guy with over 1,000 hours (clearly written by someone who loves CMW so much that he ""hates"" it).Simply put, CMW is real bang (clang?) for your buck.One word of advice for newbies: watch tutorials on YouTube before you start the game. CMW has real-time swings, a lot of depth, and you can be killed in one to three hits, making it very unforgiving. Search YouTube for ""chivalry tutorial"" and watch all of them. You'll be happy you did.[/b]"
,Not Recommended,219640,13354273,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,byung,A shallow game + everyone dodges my 1v1 duel requests.
,Not Recommended,219640,15189322,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Count Dankula,"The game, despite being out for quite some time, requires a lot of work before it can be enjoyable. I do like the game to an extent, but only if you go 2 of the classes. The archer class, literally has no place in the game, very slow to reload, move and have little to no armor, I still find it funny that despite only wearing cloth they still cannot run faster than a character wearing a full suit of armour.A lot of the hits you swing just don't register, many times I have seen my sword or axe swing right through a character and not count as a hit, or (worst of all) an arrow literally passing through someone when it blatantly hit them. It becomes infuriating when the game no longer becomes based on skill but sheerly through luck as to whether or not the game recognizes that you hit the other player. This isn't just from my side, there have been times where I have defeated other players purely because the game did not register hits they landed on me which should definitley have killed me.I will admit, the settings, weapons and levels are really well made, and being in the middle of a big 10 player sword swinging melee is a lot of fun, but I just can't enjoy a game where whether or not I win is based on the game registering hits and arrows that blatantly landed.Sort out the hitboxes and make the archers and arrows faster so that when you join the game as an archer other players don't go ""lol archer""."
76561197976236286,Not Recommended,219640,7828412,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,KarteiLeiche,"It is a nice fp slaughter game in a medivial setting, which offers fun rounds fighting opponents with a great weapon choice.Most weapons are locked from the beginning and they can be unlocked by killing opponents with a weapon of that kind.While that is a great and tried method in most multiplayer games by now to motivative for a longer time involvement it is the greatest flaw for this game, because it is bugged.Each round the kills reset and the progress is lost.I will not play this game until the dev's fix this bug for good."
,Recommended,219640,9240059,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,I.Wilt,"This game is very good despite a few bugs.  I  advise you to sometimescopy your config folder files and back them up.   I recommend the TeamObjective mode with 32 players, as even a rookie can do quite ok  on agood day.  Plus you have a large team to help. The main site is full ofvery nice helpful  developers who always answer support questions.Now and again the clan queens push through  some game changerbut it should not effect your fun much at a good Team objective game.Try to play in first person perspective as its a skill builder. Very goodfun on the battlefields  with lots of nice players. A truely  medieval feastof delight in a friendly field of war.  Backed up by a great DEVteam and Admins. For those of you who don't play 24/7 this gameesp after breaks of a few weeks to months will find as do I thatit's still captivating fun when you return, the skills mastered priorsimply comeback to you within a few maps I find tbh."
,Not Recommended,219640,8157409,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,CustomerChair,Sucks♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,219640,10150715,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,ScareDuck | Essentials.TF,"This game is boring once someone on the enemy team discovers that the dagger is the most overpowered thing in the game, this has been a issue since launch and has not ben fixed. I can't enjoy this game because whenever i go to attack someone they just daggerspam me and it stops my swings, i use the sledgehammer and trust me, if i were to hit someone in real life with a sledgehammer i don't think a tiny dagger is going to stop me from swinging it."
,Recommended,219640,9709703,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,waiting for the patch where you can contract the black plague and spit in the mouths of your opponents to spread the disease
,Recommended,219640,27632661,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,⎝⎝ありがとうPSO⎠⎠,すごくたのしいげーむです
,Recommended,219640,13273148,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dmitrij211,"Hands down, the best shouting simulator I've ever played"
,Not Recommended,219640,287558,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,Charon,"Seems Bunch of Heroes has a new contender for biggest piece of unplayable♥♥♥♥♥♥on Steam. I'm unsure whether this game is meant to be an early alpha release that will be patched over the next three years until it's playable or whether it was coded by blind ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ salmon. This actually makes Bunch of Heroes look fun, that's how pisspoor it is. If this game was a movie, it would be Battlefield Earth. If this game was a song, it would be Friday by Rebecca Black. If this game was my foot I would saw it off with a rusty spoon. I really can't award it a score any higher than 0 out of 100. It has literally nothing going for it."
,Not Recommended,219640,14679685,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Ithurtswhen_ipee,"this game DOES NOT WORK ON MACWHY EVEN SELL IT FOR MAC IF YOUR PORT DOES NOT WORK??? I SERIOSULY CANNOT UNDERSTAND WHY THIS GAME WAS EVEN UP FOR SALE....  ive been wantign this game for months, maybe a year or more, adn nwo that its out its a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥port that doesnt play correctly, has frame issues, map detail bugs, ive no idea how to help the issues ebcuase theres so many, not even lowering the settings helped. the game jsut does NOT work on mac and shouldn't have been on SALE AS A FINISHED PRODUCT FOR MACfix your game immediatly or i demand a refund. this port doenst even seem to have undergone testing its so awful."
,Not Recommended,219640,23741235,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,fafafanta,"This game used to be one of the most fun games to play with friends.  It was silly enought to make you laugh, but the mechanics were sound enough to make it an enjoyable experience when actually trying to win.  Now it's a buggy mess full of microtransactions.  When good things get popular it seems that the devs just stop caring :/"
76561198078126114,Not Recommended,219640,7875814,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,birdman3385,"Dear lord this game pisses me off, the concept is awesome, and overall gameplay would be fine if it weren't for the horrible hit detection.  I clearly will hit my enemies and the game clips through which allowsd the enemy to kill me instantly.  I regret ever buying this and until this is fixed i don't reccomend anyone else do it either"
76561198021744550,Not Recommended,219640,20251698,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Bluemercury,"You would have heard the term Pay-to-win, well welcome to Exploit-to-win, no skill required just learn the exploites, newbies have no hope your just fodder for the in crowd who are toxic. Devs are the worst ive ever encounted. only game ive ever removed from my library its that bad. the fanboys will talk it up they want more fodder. only negative reveiw ive ever posted, worst game ive ever attempted to play. save your money, buy a stick and poke yourself in the eye you will enjoy that more than this money grab."
76561198072458337,Not Recommended,219640,7867332,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Lizard,This game sucks ga dank a dank
,Recommended,219640,19997068,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,88 Yodeling Flamingos,"In this game the knowledge of the mechanics is everything, you can't even easily jump on something without the proper preparation.There's a mechanic called ""dragging"", see youtube for that, and a lot of skill-based (muscle memory) movements that will kill you again and again and again. Don't rage, maintain your calm, be zen. After 100-200 hours you'll get used to some countermesures, but you'll get killed by more advanced attacks, slimer feints, more unrealistic movements. You'll always get killed in this way, by someone who improved his ability in doing that, no shame, no rage, it's normal.I am bad at dragging, I am not good in all that fancy movements and I win my fights using my intelligence rather than my raw skill; I die a lot compared with all the skilled ones, but that's the way I like to play this game and I'm fine with that.I am saying this to all new players that will enter this world of human whirlpool and dragging ♥♥♥♥♥as: do not rage, do not blame the mechanics of the game, just play the way you want to, despite the k/d ratio, despite the toxic kid telling you you're♥♥♥♥♥♥You can have fun even dying in this game.P.S. all agathian are ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,219640,13030197,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Fury,Gives you aids every time someone team kills you.10/10 best gangbang simulator ever.
76561197990870979,Not Recommended,219640,8365816,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,The Hawk NEW PC FINALY!,"waste of time, dev give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game and each patch (not many of them) ♥♥♥♥ up the game even more and just lies from the dev ALL the time JUST BUL♥♥♥♥♥ pls dont waste so many hours on the game that i have, not worth it . its like an bad alpha blend in a mixer and♥♥♥♥♥♥on then♥♥♥♥♥♥in it then barf then eat it . just total crap."
,Not Recommended,219640,31769698,Posted: 15 May,all,techsimmons cs.money,"I loved this game at first. But I realized melee is broken and abused, it's hard to find a good match, and it's hard to unlock things. Combat feels clunky at times. Add to the fact the developers completely lied about this being Mac-compatible, it's not worth the 7GB it takes up, even for the $3 I paid."
76561198088918716,Not Recommended,219640,12752065,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[-LC-] Peladão,Destruiu minha vida. Vicia mais que craque.
76561197961339700,Recommended,219640,10699263,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Atuesuel,best game to get white girl wasted and lol your♥♥♥♥♥off !!!!
76561198141696595,Recommended,219640,15039720,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Lagb0y,Exploded my friends head with a crossbow. 10/10 would explode friends head again
,Not Recommended,219640,9356913,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Golden_Fox,"This game used to be really good when it first came out. The gameplay mechanics seemed pretty fair and balanced and the player base was extremely friendly.Then it got discounted in the summer, winter and fall sales.And because of the rapid growth of the player base, you are now faced with a ridiculous amount of trolls and speed hackers for which there arent any consequences.Its also just lovely that the thousands of new players who bought the game in the sales didnt spend more than a day playing and practicing the game and its mechanics before running to tornbanner to ♥♥♥♥♥ about them.And since TB are some of the stupidest developers i have ever seen, they unbalance the game more and more every update purely because of the whining from new players who are too lazy to even try and learn the game.Its also pretty obvious how green-collared the devs are. The game has ridiculous UI and mechanical problems that have not been solved since release but apparently TB is more concerned about signing onto a contract with ♥♥♥♥ing spike TV tto create a terrible DLC for a BETA that has worse problems than the game its self.I think that if the game had been dreamed up by TB then placed in the hands and care of a responsible development team, it would be better in every way.When the game first came out i would have given this game an 8/10 at LEAST, but since Torn Banner has absolutely NO IDEA what the ♥♥♥♥ theyre doing and have decided to ruin their game like a 5 year old pouring red paint onto a priceless Metis painting to ""make it better"", i would never reccomend this game as is no longer has a monetary value in my eyes.2/10"
,Recommended,219640,5489155,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Goku,Chivalry: Medieval Warfare Review----------------------------------------------Story - XGameplay - 7Grapics - 8Overall - 7.5Note - Not Bad Not Great. Skyrim Online.Worth Buying - Yes if your friends will buy it as well.
,Recommended,219640,2995635,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,chrisch,"If you ever see this one on sale, go pick it up. It's got one of the most thrilling and challenging fps melee combat systems I've seen so far in a game. It's not super polished but it blows Skyrim and Dark Messiah out of the water in that regard. Although for me the initial malicious joy I got from simply chopping an enemies head off kind of waned down a bit after 50 hours of playing, the game still keeps me coming back.edit: came back to this game recently after almost a year and I have to say I almost have to start over. There are many good players out there and the learning curve has gotten even steeper. It's not that easy to get into and even harder to master. Luckily there are low rank servers for the starters out there. I'm glad to see that after the release of Deadliest Warrior Torn Banner Studios have gone back and released a series of new patches that were long overdue. There is still no competitor in this genre... the balance between swordfighting sim and sillyness makes this game unique."
,Recommended,219640,19910441,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,21 21 21,"I only played for an hour, and i love it! But i suck... Which is a good thing in my opinion you cant be a noob and be good at this game its seems like you need to learn what you are doing to be good ! So i would recomend this game beacuse if you buy this now you will rek the summer sale kids :D"
,Recommended,219640,17977451,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Stalf,"If you want a rage inducing, keyboard chucking game, look no further.Feel the fury of a thousand suns when you see yourself get killed by the same mother ****** 10 times in a row or when you try, and fail, at kicking even though YOU EXPLICITLY ******* KNEW THAT YOU PRESSED F. THEN THE ***HOLE YOU'RE FIGHTING GETS A ******* HEADSHOT WITH HIS LIL JAVELIN SPEAR. **** you javelin ******.I loathe you.In all seriousness, there is a steep learning curve depending on how fast you pick up stuff. The kills are rewarding, and 92% of the community is tolerable and 22% are genuinely nice depending on the day. Try it out and know that you won't be good day one. I only was getting good at around lvl 29 I guess. Still not too good, but I can usually hold my own."
,Recommended,219640,17036544,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Rooty Rootz,"As of right now it's certainly very skill-based, but there's no real payoff for learning such skill.If it had ranked matchmaking (either ELO-based or ladders) there would be much more encouragement for people to really focus on the game. That's what makes games like CS:GO, Dota 2, or Starcraft 2 so popular.I'm still rating it up because it's fun as hell in a casual way, too."
,Recommended,219640,20968472,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Wolf,"This game is a ton of fun. Just be patient because the combat takes some time getting used to, but once you do, it is simply awesome. It is the best melee multiplayer game I have ever played. Deadliest Warrior sucks, though, so stay away from that."
76561198124626653,Recommended,219640,13066230,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Akul-man,"I highly recommend this game to all  those players who like fast paced games and don't mind the chaos and frustration from time to time. This game has many play modes (duel, objective, ffa, tdm), so everyone can find the one that suits him/her the most. There are many weapons to choose from, but it takes some time to master them, so don't mind the customary verbal abuse and stay focused on getting better. Definitely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,219640,28901759,Posted: 1 January,all,Lyff (inactive til 2018),"Im not sure if I can recommend it, the community is somewhat fu cked, most of them dont even know how to stab with the weapon and swing around like madmans, killing their mates per accident. Decent Game, still, The Teammissions are fun and deathmatch even more. But still, the stupid community is a massive downside."
76561198048521579,Recommended,219640,7347274,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Bram507,you really have to play this
,Recommended,219640,21080072,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,decAi #RO,Likee
,Recommended,219640,3845208,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,|Kila|¹ Castamere,"Pros:-Great game to play with friends-Low price (Often on-sale for 6-7$)-Medieval weapons + First person action-Plenty of weapons to choose from-All said weapons are valid to use-Skill ceiling is high (A skilled player can beat a new player using any type of weapon)-Amazingly fun to fight off a Maul with a 2-inch hunting daggerCons:-Community gets some getting used to-First few matches online may be difficult and hard due to not fully understanding game mechanics-Learning curve is steep when starting-Infuriating to have your Maul parried by a 2-inch daggerChivalry is filled with medieval weapons that can cause any number of crushing blows, clean cuts and not-so-clean cuts. This game can really get your heart pumping when you play in first-person... Rushing towards the enemy line, your charges will often include gruesome gurgling noises resulting from an arrow sticking out the neck of your comrade. Curse all archers of the opposing team.Nice game to pick-up for a meager sale price, but this game really shines when played with friends."
,Recommended,219640,6758094,"Posted: 14 December, 2012",all,Haxx,Fun medieval hack and slash combat simulator. Also mad cheap when on sale. Definitely get it if you like fighting games
,Recommended,219640,18361638,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,[PPG]faxanadu,"This game is the best close combat game ever made. Yes, it has its share of glitches but when you play the game right, it feels so good to slay the plebs beneath you.The game doesn't take itself seriously and you should play it that way."
,Recommended,219640,10650847,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Murlokich,nice game
76561198094166198,Not Recommended,219640,22128935,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,qwertyuiop,"this is an amazing game but I took a short break recently and fps is just everywhere, I would really recommend this game but not right now as I think there was an update or something but I used to run this at all settings maxed out 60 - 80 fps but now I'm running at 40 fps."
,Recommended,219640,2551108,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,[MOB]VinBeast,"Features visceral intense combat, plenty of gore and decapitations, tons of weapons to choose and unlock and a very interesting enemy territory style objective mode that keeps this game addictive and interesting to play for a long time."
,Recommended,219640,20382707,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Lord Alucard,This game is really great and it teaches you alot. I recommend this game for everyone and the dlc is totally worth it.
,Recommended,219640,22029857,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,cod3SK #μῦ,"Chivalry это когда ты орёшь на тиммейтов - х*ли ты меня убил гнидёныш?Chivalry это когда ты орёшь на короля - ты чё дибил?какого хр*на ты рашишь?Chivalry это когда ты пытаешься открыть оружие на DM, и тебя всё время убивают со спины.Вывод10 отрубленных глов из 10!"
,Not Recommended,219640,19929402,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Lliama,"Playing through ranks 1-15 as a newbie is a blast of fun, but a blast is over quickly. When you pass rank 15, you'll get totally dominated by glitching high rankers as you're thrown into a game where you have to commit yourself into learning unreasonable and annoying techniques if you want to at least stand a chance. The mods and hordes are somewhat fun though. If you want to buy this game, you should do it when it's on sale. I wouldn't recommend this any other time."
76561198119651075,Recommended,219640,10164377,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,PF Mancari,"BRAH, THERES KNIGHTS!!!!"
76561198131464543,Recommended,219640,16406404,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AlbinoBLK3sheep,It's a fantastic game :)- its kinda like call of duty but with swords
76561198083372532,Recommended,219640,30836887,Posted: 30 March,all,Opel Astra,"Huge player database, medieval setting, simple mechanics and big matches make this game satisfying to play, especially cutting heads off."
,Recommended,219640,21583620,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Very Buttery Bread,Fun AND gory.
,Recommended,219640,4039133,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Incredax,"A super funny and gory experience. I love they way the people scream out of pain when I chop of their arms. This game has great combat and very good and funny multiplayer modes, from ""duel"" to ""team objectives"". with a good amount of weapons and chopped off heads, this game surely is worth the money. The Horror, THE HORROR!"
,Recommended,219640,20272174,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,RuborTi,"Joined a server, picked a team(blue). choosed an archer. Ready for the action.Held shift for run faster. Saw a guy screaming like an animal. killed by teammate. Nothing happened to him. Found him. Killed him like he's done to you. got kicked. find another server."
,Not Recommended,219640,20016583,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Slender Chicken,Its a good concept but the gameplay has much to be desired it wont even fit the resolution on my monitor making it look terrible for me but i wont review it badly on its looks for me what really makes it unplayable is the gameplay itself it doesnt feel good and your character feels like a 4 year old with a hammer it swings so slowly and after using an attack theres nothing you can do for like 10 seconds while you wait for the attack to execute i do not recomend this game not even for the 2$ sale price it is at now.
76561198045164533,Recommended,219640,5111998,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,ManyFacedGod,Does thou even hoist? Get this game its crazy af
76561198038758069,Recommended,219640,13631309,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Scoop Hardchunk,Team Damage Simulator 2016: Brandistronk Edition
,Recommended,219640,13568021,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,JonuX,Got it for about 5-6 euro with DLC really worth it a fantastic game. :D
76561198066505368,Recommended,219640,12534516,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,The Pirate of eBay,"One of the best sword-fighting games I've played, multiplayer balance is pretty good, the Devs update the game reguraly. A great game if you enjoy the Medieval time period!7.5/10 It does get repetitive after a while"
,Recommended,219640,11106562,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,bryan,screamy simulator 2016 also i have a big sword that goes swing swing chop chop ♥♥♥♥ u ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥STOP M1 + W YOU STUPID♥♥♥♥♥♥LEARN HOW TO PARRY YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ LEARN HOW TO DODGE ♥♥♥♥ING SCRUB DUEL ME 1v1 ARENA OF DEAF I HAVE BRAILLEE ON TOAST BABY ALSO U STINK OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ DANK 4202/10
,Recommended,219640,11620854,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Brodo Faggins,more of a fun than serious game. lmao at star wars mod!
,Recommended,219640,27637905,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wortal,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare has a fun atmoshphere with it's menacingly cloudy skies, old looking castles and manly screams.  There is a wide variety of game modes which in turn usually include a series of objectives to complete. Most modes are team based but there are also ones like free for all and duel. You play as one of four customizable classes which you can switch between upon death. Essentially, you have a tank, a swift (and light) dude, a long range decent damage type and an archer. These three work relatively well together, though the long range type is overly popular and one could argue that the archer should be removed as shooting people down from a distance isn't very chivalrous desu.My favorite part of the game is the atmosphere (which is probably at it's best when storming a rainy castle in one of these team objective modes), but the fighting system is pretty cool too. When it comes to meele weapons, you have three main types of slashes. One is pretty general, one is good for damage, one has nice range. The course of the slashes can be changed my ""dragging"" one's mouse, which gives a lot of potential for weird and hmm unfair attacks. Slashes can be blocked with a block move. To disrupt an opponent's fighting pattern, one can use a kick move. There are bunch of other moves as well, some of them class specific. All moves cost stamina. It's a pretty skill-based system, so that's big plus.In Chivalry, one will need to invest a lot of time and practice to get good. Starting out, it's easy to get wrecked all the time, but there is still enjoyment to be found. And the game is about the team objectives too, not just being good at cutting down opponents.The game can get a bit reperetive and it has some bugs, but overall I've felt mostly nothing but joy from playing this game. I've personally seen nothing like it before, it's definitely something I would recommend."
,Recommended,219640,14090158,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Servitus (Check profile),"Killed three men before two more overwhelmed me.Other than the terrible Free-for-All, this is overall recommended. Although I'd love it if they added more team objective maps."
76561198071725469,Recommended,219640,9126289,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Martian,This is a fantastic game. I highly recomend it to any one who likes hack and slash games. 10 out of 10
,Recommended,219640,13086714,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,|KotNA|TranzOver,Chivalry isn't dead. It's very much alive! The controls are so fluid and the swingling motion of the blade feels so right. AMAZING MELEE COMBAT!
76561198071033208,Not Recommended,219640,20653140,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Deerlobe,"In essence this is a great game with a deep real-time strike system and some gory medieval combat. If you wanted medieval combat however, you've come to the wrong place. Rather than a grueling bloody battle, you get a bunch of dancing, cheating, exploiters called ""ballerinas"". So, what are ballerinas?, they're what ruin this game's essence. The crude exploitation of this games unique striking system have caused this game to become unplayable. You simply cannot fight against these kind of people. The trailers are what I wished the game was like, but instead I get a freaking dance rehearsal. Trying to find a single honor-bound player is equal to the experience of digging through an overfilled dumpster behind Denny's"
76561198019495328,Recommended,219640,3247900,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Jack Hazard,"One of the most unique multi-player titles I have ever played. But be forewarned, this game can be brutally difficult to master. Expect to be thoroughly defeated many times before you become formidable on the battlefield. Learn from your mistakes and the skilled players that you meet and you should be taking heads in no time."
76561198050752909,Recommended,219640,5496219,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Oaf,♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,219640,7833913,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Metafree,wannah the best games out there
76561198129876377,Recommended,219640,15357662,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,53,Thye voting system in this is terrible. I join a game then get kick because they don't want me there. Maybe change it so you need to have over 150 ping or 40% team damage to be able to get kicked
76561198088789812,Recommended,219640,8135066,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DankestMemes141,"i really like it how you guys all worked together to make this middle-ages game and i love it! i also like how you guys put a holiday-sale offer and put it to only $8.49 and millons of people will like the game as much as i do, i give a well done to all the people who helped making this game. :)"
76561198119731783,Recommended,219640,13311346,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Frakker,this a wonderfull slice and dice murder all enemies in your path game.
,Recommended,219640,16072505,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,TheRedSand,"It was free weekend and I've seen this game a lot over the years so I thought to myself, ""Meh sure ill try it, if I like it it's on discount."" I then spent the next hour in a melee that resulted in my team slaying god. Needless to say I bought it and have been thinking that I should have done this a long time ago.10/10 would kill god again."
,Recommended,219640,4757579,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,Toomah,"I had my eye on this game for a while now and I just got the money to buy it, at first I was comteplating if it was worth the 25 dollars but as soon as I got into the battlefield I knew it was worth every cent. This game is epic and just a server with 25 people can go into a crazy battle. This game has many game modes to keep you interested, the graphics are stunning and everything from the design to the weapons look realistic. To play you would need to take out your old mouses as this game uses the scroll to actually attack instead of the classic weapon switch. The game does have a couple of bugs and OP and TK issues but they are very small. This game is amazing and i've only been in 1 64 player battle and trust me when you in one of those its the craziest gaming experince you will ever have. This game is worth your money and you will play it so much if you a fan of Medieval games, I head that mount and blade is similar to this so I might check it out. Awesome game Awesome Combat 9/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,14880228,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,[*IQ*]einstein,I dont know. Though it is awesome but get bored after 60 minutes. Its more like simulator than H&S. PVKII its a lot better.3/10
,Recommended,219640,1368449,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Crispy,NEED HEEEELP!
,Recommended,219640,7789709,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,jazzyandjuice,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a FPS game; no, not first person shooter; first person slasher (unless you're playing the archer class, in which case, I hate you).You can pick from four classes in the game: Archer (he uses bows, crossbows and javelins; daggers as his sidearm), Man-at-Arms (he's the fastest class in the game; he uses a variety of weapons like maces and swords), Vanguard (he uses polearms, spears and long weapons like that) and Knight (he's the heavy duty class; he has the heaviest armour in the game, and he can use things like maces and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ swords).The game is packed full of action; there aren't many moments where you're not doing anything.There are a range of game modes to pick. There are the usual, like deathmatch and team deathmatch, but the most interesting one is team objective. As it says in the title, one of the teams has to do a range of things in the mode, like burning down a farm, for instance. I haven't seen anything like that before in a game.However, there are some problems. Some of the weapons are unbalanced. The game's community isn't very good; perhaps borderline toxic. The company (Torn Banner) barely update the game with interesting new things. There haven't been new weapons for ages; since January of some year (could have been 2013). Apart from that, this game is very good, and I recommend you buy it for some laughs and fun.This game may make you rage, however. Just be careful about that."
76561198059773510,Recommended,219640,6136462,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Hurmando,"Very good videogame, lots of hacks and slash's. 5/5"
76561198154021551,Recommended,219640,16088024,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Inquisitor Ronan,Best getting killed from behind simulator10/10
,Recommended,219640,10599291,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Supafly,"One of the best games I've ever played. If you aren't playing Chiv, what is wrong with you? Easy to learn, difficult to master first-person-slasher. Get this game."
76561198081229586,Recommended,219640,6975478,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,theguavafruit,Gamer's medieval fantasy perfected. Very intense
76561198035910256,Recommended,219640,16634182,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Morgas,"Good game! I love the mechanics in this game as melee. Kick, attack, jumpattack, parry, whirlwhind... There are dozens of tactics and I love too the medieval knight fight at 1on1! Very good designed. Multiplayer is very alive! Worth it."
,Recommended,219640,27053631,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Share,Frustratingly fun
,Recommended,219640,6436950,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,haha,"sword fights mate sick nasty what can i say, servers are dead now tho"
,Recommended,219640,16113178,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Torrino,HAVE YOU EVER WANTED TO DIE?!HAVE YOU EVER WANTED YOUR HEAD TO BE BASHED!?OF COURSE YOU DID
,Recommended,219640,6093857,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,Nux,"After over 1000 hours in this game, I must say that it truely is the best game I have ever played. There is no other melee game out there that can compare. The fast paced sword fighting mechanics actually take skill and the archery is even more difficult to master. I recommend this game if you are willing to take the time to get good at it. It's especially fun with friends and there are even clans out there you can join and play with. I've had so many good times in this game it's unbelievable. With all of the sales happening, give it a shot!"
,Recommended,219640,7206877,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Stray Catto,If You Like Chopping Peoples Heads Off This Is Your Game
,Recommended,219640,12021959,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,✪ unreaL,Very good game! Would recommend to all my friends! I love the different take on first person games - instead of using guns you have a sword!
,Recommended,219640,9669694,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,h.exe,YALL ♥♥♥♥ERS NEED SOME CHIVALRY
,Recommended,219640,14185458,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,helsbryy,"10/10 cut 3 guys head off at a time but didn't get the achivement, lmao"
,Recommended,219640,17012228,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,♡ LoPo ♡,I r8 8/8 m8
76561198111196803,Recommended,219640,13694762,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ðąniel,"Addictive and fun to play, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is the ultimate experience for the medieval period afficionado."
,Recommended,219640,15084058,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,😋popcorn😋,Amazing game!!! Requires time to get good.Would rate 100/10!
,Recommended,219640,13858828,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,☼SirrBlaze☼,Game is still alive after so long because it's raw and it's sword to sword combat.Its only a few bucks 100% of the time and chances are if you have a steam account you own this game so I don't know why I'm convincing anyone to buy this since you already own it
,Recommended,219640,17258051,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,The Real Admin,"I love this Game from the start,Finding out it was Kick Started was Pretty Awesome to see it worked.The Only Con i found besides the dead sever for the Game that come with it the severs are pretty dead (DW) ,The Controller support is Differnt but from coming from a controller i Honestly perfer the Keyboard for more options ,OverAll its great just get the this game not a Bundle the Microtransactions are not wourth anything."
,Recommended,219640,21587841,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,a zebra,My Lord has urged me to write this holy letter...10/10 would stab heretics again
,Recommended,219640,3492235,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,Ser Pounce,"For Honour, For Valour, For Glory!"
76561197993699812,Recommended,219640,1486715,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,[Mb] Killian,"Obectives inclue Pillage the village ,excorting the corpse wagon into the town water supply, killing the kings family, king and lots of other fun .Must buy game."
76561198078847994,Not Recommended,219640,24360115,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Abeth,"Chivalry is broken beyond reason. The developers have basically abandoned it, and the only things they add new are player and weapon skins. The combat is completely dreadful, and there is a massive learning curve if you want to be as good as the veteran players. The worst aspect, however, is the community. Many times I've joined a server with 2 or 3 people on it, just to get instantly votekicked because the players on the server have basically taken it over for themselves. Admins on servers normally do a horrible job at keeping the peace, and instead kick anyone they don't happen to like. And the veteran players, instead of helping out new players, mostly just harass and bully them. All-in-all, this game started as a good idea, and went smoothly for a while. But then Torn Banner left it for dead.Do Not Recommend."
,Recommended,219640,27512317,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Frightened Manlet,The death animation and yelling for when you cut off someones arm or leg is brilliant. Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant!
76561198260785217,Recommended,219640,24223017,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,straight coolin,"this is game, game is ok, i wud play 10/9 , bot there is problem with game, people spin like ballerina, that is not fun, ballerinas are not good time, still decent play game though, u shud buy ef on sale"
76561198120376341,Recommended,219640,23838347,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mickey_Mouse,10/10
,Recommended,219640,23730617,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[BMFC]~Billy Mays,This game is great once you git gud. Takes a lot of skill but worth it.
76561198271602276,Recommended,219640,28953777,Posted: 2 January,all,Lynx@pvpro.com,Very cool game!
,Recommended,219640,28558497,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Edgoo,Even a turtle can run faster than these guys. But its's realy fun to play with my m8's xD
,Recommended,219640,28514930,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,✪ D3ƎPLo_Ok^₁₃₃₇ -iwn,Verfu fun to play with friends 10/10
76561198035679898,Recommended,219640,24128317,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,A Large Farva,"Where do I start... Well, the game is interesting to say the least, it captures sword fighting well... But it also doesn't.  At lower levels of gameplay it feels similar to how you would expect sword fighting. However, at higher leveled gameplay, it's a completely different ballpark. Despite what people say (and they will contest this) there is quite a bit of unpredictability and uncertainty to tactics and mechanics used in higher level gameplay. It does have a huge ""skill-gap"" but that's not necessarily because it takes a lot of skill. As I've said, the uncertainty and unpredictable nature of some attacks really do feed into said ""skill-gap."" If you're looking for a game that takes a long time to be prevalant at and learn the ins and outs, this might be a good candidate for you. If you're looking for something competitive in the typical sense, it might not be for you. You will more than likely be killed by some unnatural manipulation of physics that you wouldn't think was even possible in the game. Also, it's not a case of ""wasn't predicted"" but more along the lines of ""can't be predicted."" That kind of uncertainty doesn't fly in today's competitive gaming scene. This is mainly a non-biased review of the game. I do like the game, but I'm not afraid to point out it's flaws and shortcomings and I won't defend it to the death simply because I (for the most part) enjoy it."
,Recommended,219640,13891830,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Student Dragonlord,"This game is fantastic! Trust me, buy this game! No need to tell you about it, just buy this intense game! If you buy this game then you won't regret it. So if you like medieval games then BUY IT!!! I give this 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,21141560,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,IrishThunder-Hellcase.com,"......................,,-~*~,,......................./:.:.:.:.:.|......................|;.;.;.;.;./......................|.;.;.;.;.|............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.|                                                      Yeah.........,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,......,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",.....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|...../"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""....\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\.....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\.......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,""::::\..........""""""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-""::::::::::\...................\:::::::::::::::::::::...................\:::::::::::::::::::::"
76561198092040696,Recommended,219640,22899487,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Atlas,Fagatha archer is gay. Just listen to his taunts.10/10 Would kill ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s again.
76561197994429491,Recommended,219640,13151515,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,VV√{zM}NotNaughtyName,A great medieval slash em up!definately worth a try!
,Recommended,219640,12568744,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,admin he doing it sideways,Manly Scream Simulator 2012! U like killing people with sharp swords and big battleaxes? No? Then this game is for you !! U will scream like never before and run into enemys screaming as loud as you can! Very nice graphics and screaming sounds will make your gameplay like never before! Would scream again 11/10
76561198121774497,Recommended,219640,10168965,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Goy Jones Jr.,"A great game. Great characters and maps, and great gameplay in general. There's plenty of violence (which I like) and the dialogue can be rather hilarious which just adds to this games charm. Can be difficult and frustrating at times, but there's nothing wrong with a challenge. I only started playing because of the free weekend, but I've now bought it and I'm hooked!"
,Recommended,219640,13093893,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,MelonCat,Great competetive duel experience with a learning curve. And game has some really silly and funny voice acting.
,Recommended,219640,15150896,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DuskUnity,"This game is awesome! It's really worth what you're paying for, and has a great multiplayer experience, and the community is great! For those who want to customize their characters, the cosmetic items are a great plus, and the gameplay is very immersive. Really enjoyed, and would reccomend to any fans of medieval warfare genre games!"
,Recommended,219640,14932941,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Gandalf The Grey,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a First and third person PVP game. Fight for Agatha or the Mason Order.First of all this game looks gorgeous. Your goal is to fight the Mason Order or as Mason Order fight the Agatha knights. This game is set in a medieval setting so finnaly a teamdeathmatch without guns! There are 4 classes in the game : Archer (Who uses weapons like bows , crossbows and slingshots.)  , Man at Arms ( Man at arms is a hit and run class he is fast but got a short sword that doesn't do alot of damage) , Vanguard (Vanguard uses long swords and he can hit multiple enemies at the same time with one swing. He also does allot of damage.) and last but not least: Knight ( The knight has got a variety of weapons from long swords to short and even mace's he can also take more damage cause of his armor but he is slower then the other classes.) The more you play the more you level up there are weapons that you unlock with certain levels. There are also diffrent gamemode's such as: Free for all , Team deathmatch and team objective. In team objective your team has objectives and the other team tries to stop you from completing this objective. I would highly recommend this game to all. I give this game a 8,5/10NOTE: BE PREPARED TO GET TEAM KILLED.But luckly they put in a vote kick system so you can vote kick all the annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you meet!"
76561198031688739,Recommended,219640,11705958,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,[ηVs] Bashed,You can backstab the king you're meant to be defending.9.9/10
76561198090370237,Recommended,219640,15617299,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,shrekitralph,"I recommend this game to anyone who like close comabt but the community has gone to crap because everyone calls you bad or skrub alot and unless you know how to spin 2 win your screwed and will rage until you wanna die, but other than that its fun, new players will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but once you get about 100 hrs of play time youll be good"
,Recommended,219640,13040589,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Herr Helheim,"You can chop peoples heads off!This game is great fun though, can play for hours on end or just a quick casual match to chop off some heads and limbs."
76561198061489888,Recommended,219640,15519468,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,turnt tony,I  chopped my♥♥♥♥♥♥off by accident so I tried to re attach it but I was in the middle ages so I can't :[
,Recommended,219640,23809210,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,fruitful,"Please put more time into this game before spamming negative reviews. Im tired of seeing refund after level 15 reviews, if its not your type of game I understand that, but getting mad over a feature thats been in the game for more than 4 years?No ones is stopping you from learning those ""exploits"" and also those exploits are easily counterable if you learn footwork, which is the real game changer in Chivalry."
,Recommended,219640,16474735,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Speed,"Counter Strike: Medieval Warfare.This game rockshardif you manage to pass the first 5 hours of being destroyed. Only ragequitted twice.After that, you'll get enough dueling skill to kill enemies when you face them, even outnumbered, and once you'll know the maps and the objectives, the last step before becoming a God will be teamworking.I just would like to see more outfits and weapons skins available through class mastery."
,Recommended,219640,16470246,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Albin,i can be jon snow 10/10 fried chicken in a ya mums♥♥♥♥♥
76561197990444117,Recommended,219640,13106560,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Gus,One of the best games ever!!!
,Recommended,219640,13050996,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Cortex,Love the game so far
,Recommended,219640,11285630,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Logi,Amazing game with a lot of fun times to look forward to..Could do with having a castle seige with breakable walls but hey cant complain fluid combat that requires skill and timing and a great load of maps and games 11/10Would play over and over :3
76561198140686343,Recommended,219640,10930995,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cooter,"To the shrubbery, wherewith we shall engage in fornication and clusterfu*kery of the highest order."
,Recommended,219640,14783914,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Der große böse Golf,"I dont own this Game, but i can write a Review :D"
,Not Recommended,219640,16804186,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,StefanS7,Whoever ported this game to Mac ought to be shot. Unplayable...
,Recommended,219640,19918223,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Whackaduud,Teammate accidently chops my head off.-Nothing big....I accidently kill my teammate because he decided to run in front of me while i was 1v1 some guy.-He starts World War III in chat and kicks me out.9/11 tutorial was my favourite part of this game.
,Recommended,219640,17953099,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Bobabola,Sword's. The only blade known to man
,Recommended,219640,17763386,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Flaka Seven Clicks,It's all fun and games until you get kicked for trying to kick a teamkiller. By that teamkiller.
,Recommended,219640,17256610,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,OATS,"It's Team Fortress 2 with no guns, less classes and more bugs.It's a lot more fun than it sounds."
,Recommended,219640,24374053,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Hunter,Chop Shoot Scream Run Kill DieRepeatBuy when on sale.8/10
,Recommended,219640,16363979,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BarsukEughen,"One of the best slashers ever done yet.Sadly, players are leaving this game due the age of it."
,Recommended,219640,8148121,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Bad Stud Unicorn,"This game is brilliant!! Not the best graphics, but very good indeed.It flows nice on my rig, not very demanding.The demanding part comes in the awesome gameplay.It's easy to learn, but hard to master. It says it all.You have three basic strikes.From left, right and top.Then the second version of the same.And then there is ranged combat with bows and crossbows.And spears.There are a few game modes, like the standard team vs. team, ffa, team ffa and duels."
,Recommended,219640,16067898,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Swingin Balls,Its good wholesome fun.
,Recommended,219640,16708383,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Jesos,The amount of freezes with 2GBs of RAM is unbearable but once you successfully connect to a server without the game freezing or crashing it starts optimizing itself but that rarely happens. Nevertheless it's an amazing game.
76561198061643675,Recommended,219640,16374737,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Enthalpy,"easily the most fun ive had playing a game.once the learning curve is passed, hours of fun can be had"
,Recommended,219640,13021633,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Nomadius,"Fun game.Get Good or get SlaughteredOh and It took me awhile to get out of denial with this but, the community is definatly tainted."
,Recommended,219640,30545529,Posted: 16 March,all,Mr. Hyder,It's like For Honor with Honor. 11/10.
76561198083755742,Recommended,219640,14392046,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Lean Quatifah,"This might be hard to believe, but this man is the leader of a group of lizards from the hyper elite. I know this first hand. I took care of this being as the mentor, as I am a hyper elite of the syntax-sector of the Illuminati. I have experimented with teleportation, Obama, and lizards shape-shifting into Secret-service agents. When the syntax-sector of the hyper elite barracks in the north pole, most experiments broke loose. This prototype, however, was smarter than most. With little to no signs of lizard-like structures when shape-shifted, he was the perfect man for our job. I once used my transformation powers, but was quickly spotted, and the extra-molecular shape-shifting superdinosaur came and saved me, with the hyperbeam harvested from Dialga in the Pokemon dimension. Yes, that show is real, made by the Ancient Gods from Sector-B//AnimationDimension//X-3, we transported the creatures into the ""intelligent"" planet called Earth, in my opinion, the weakest sector of the whole Illuminati. If you want more information about these creatures first hand, contact me via Google+ or teleportating to the hyperdimension in Class-A."
,Recommended,219640,4740621,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,zambosa,"This game gives the feeling of being on a medieval battlefield(hence the name). From the archers shooting through open areas in the armor, to clashing battleaxes with a knight; this game has intense combat with strategy. This combined with the little things the game adds such as: hearing enemies scream on fire, those drowning in blood from a chest wound, or losing limbs; adds a feature of realism that you do not often see.You also have the ability to battle cry which is simply a shout or phrase your character will utter and you would think this would possibly get annoying after a while; but the game varies them so it is still entertaining to charge into battle screaming.Overall, this game carries a rather immersive world for combat with a tiny amount of lore that will leave you glued to the screen for more. Hours can fly by easily as the war between Agatha and Mason Order continues."
76561198085367749,Not Recommended,219640,22933412,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Sawyer,"It was a fun game in the beginning, but perhaps not so much anymore. In actuality, I rate it positively, but I don't suggest it to potential buyers. Long-time fans make seperate accounts just to play on low-level servers. It just isn't inhabitable for newbies."
,Recommended,219640,12354139,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Rey,Come here you. I like you...
,Recommended,219640,6234158,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,Disgusting Beggar,"Great game, and quite unique. The sword fighting may look a bit wonky from a viewer's perspective, but it is anything but that.Sword fighting is very intense, and precise. The multiple attack types and directional-based blocking system is superb, forcing you to use tactics in a fight to win. Forcing you to use tactics you've died to others that were using those tactics. Controlling each swing, moving your body and landing each hit is suprisingly easy, but to kill a skilled openet will take technique, skill, and tactics.However, a major down side is the amount of bugs in the game. It's not massive, but in some parts of the game it looks like it's in alpha due to lack of a little design. It needs to be all swept up in one patch, but it still has not been swept up. I'd recommend ALL of you get this, play this, and enjoy this.Bugs - Quite prevelent and common! Sometimes looks alpha!Story - Briefly explained in training mode. Basic and barebones but it's a MP game.Physics - Meh. Ragdoll physics are a little weightless, but they do work. Clipping can be an issue.Swordplay - Top notch. 10/10, very interesting.Overall I'd give it a 8/10. Good game, but buggy and lacks a story. Physics aren't bad, but you must remember, I just wrote a review for HL2!"
76561198038903097,Recommended,219640,10642703,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hosween,"If you like Stabbing, slashing, and whiping sharp objects around wildly, all the while shouting in old english. Then this is the game for you. The modding community is also great."
76561198109892392,Recommended,219640,28706391,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,PhoKingDuy,"Love chopping my friend's limbs off and hearing him choke on his own blood. Yeah but public servers need to be cleaned up. Buy it when its 2 bucks, not 24."
,Recommended,219640,23671711,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,spring trap and golden freddy,i like the textures of this game and the textures of charecters
,Recommended,219640,13068090,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Tom Trustworthy,Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is exactly what I bought it for. It combines a rough melee fighting system that you want from Mount & Blade with some great graphics. It is far more a 'blood and guts' game with how you can take off heads and limbs.But since they melee system with blocking and parrying is in place its not a simple game.If you can't handle the difficult of Mount & Blade or the older look it has then this game could be for you. Just make sure you have fast reflexes and you like to hear a bunch of men screaming all the time.
76561198065661020,Recommended,219640,31313445,Posted: 22 April,all,PrestonBeet,"Pretty solid game until the developers gave up on it. Not mad about the exploits to the game like reverse overheads and stuff like that, I think it makes the game interesting and adds skill to it. I'm just sad that this game is probably gonna die out soon since the game isn't being updated much, but hey, mordhau is coming out soon and it's basically a better chivalry, it's made by ex competitive chivalry players. I would recommend this game anyday, but fair warning, after level 15, be prepared to get wrecked by level 30+ and unless you persevere through it, it's not gonna be fun."
76561198079820923,Recommended,219640,28205887,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Geronimo,"If you ever wanted a skill based sword fighting game, set in the Middle Ages, where you can group together with 10-15 fellow knights and try to storm the enemy castle and slaughter their king, then fear not! Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is what you are looking for!There are 4 classes, and almost all medieval weapons that were really used in history. The weapons are well balanced, it is possible to do well with each one. 1st person and 3rd person are both available. Very slow learnig curve. You will need many hours to understand the mechanics of the game but there are ""noob-servers"" to protect you from getting massacred by more experienced players.There is only a multiplayer part, no story mode. But measured by the time you will enjoy the game, it is in most cases worth the money, I would say.Solid 5/7 ;)"
,Recommended,219640,6773987,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,Anion,"ever wanted to run around in first person and decapitate people with big swords all while spamming the laugh macro?then come hither, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,219640,26540024,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hough,"This game is fun. Period.But it might take a few hours to realize it, as the beginning seems very complicated and challenging.It WILL eventually satisfy your hunger for destruction, and thirst for the blood of your enemies.Unfortunately, every server you go on has a 25% chance of having some sort of player who seems to be hacking.For the base price, $25, I don't know if I can recommend this. Thankfully, the game goes on sales up to around 2-3 dollars, so, really, by then, what do you have to lose?"
,Recommended,219640,11711807,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,CosmicOmega,"People say the game sucks but they just need to git guuder and learn the mechanics that are in the dev tutorial videos on youtube. Also the dlc is amazing, don't let these nerds tell you otherwise."
,Recommended,219640,23931356,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,R3DCLAW,Someone killed me with a sword 10/10
,Recommended,219640,16979871,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,im just here to roleplay chill,very nice game for roleplay ! i recomend :)~
,Recommended,219640,12209219,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Gangsta Kitten,Very neat game. Skyrim without spells and multiplayer. :D
,Recommended,219640,7071055,"Posted: 27 February, 2013",all,"The Good, the Bad, and the REKT",There is little more that brings me as much joy as charging into combat swinging my sword!I recomend it over other titles such as CoD and BF2 and 3With out a doubt worth the $26 for it...buy this game now if you love the concept of knights in anyway!
,Recommended,219640,12585892,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,ＭＥＬＡＮＣＨＯＬＩＣ,Best screaming simulator on the market.       8/8 would bang
76561198171437046,Recommended,219640,22226029,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,KnightOrbitT12,"They should make a Virtual Reality version of this game, it would be amazing!!"
,Recommended,219640,14636926,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,cael and the lingos,"Flow Chart:Do you have friends?Yes, Buy this gameNo, Go make someRepeat"
76561197997524317,Recommended,219640,16572536,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bradvicker,Fun & worthwhile multiplayer game !
76561198071180813,Not Recommended,219640,26544126,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Vicidsmart,Is entertaining for only a small amount of time. And the AI is crap.
,Not Recommended,219640,26437401,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dragzie,"Two types of people in Chivalry. The toxic players, and those who are yet to become toxic.Both are ♥♥♥♥ers."
76561198118201201,Not Recommended,219640,23771726,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SummersMK2,"Concept behind the game is very promising but if you expect the epic battles from Mount and Blade in a FPS convention you will be disappointed just like me. The whole game feels somewhat unfinished, there are only few maps which are huge, but feel extremaly empty because how small the teams are. Game lacks depth, game modes are pretty restricted and in the end Chivalry is just a twitch-arcade battle arena game. Even though everything looks nice I had more fun playing Die By The Sword back in the days. I don't recommed buying it outside of the sale, I actually had to double check the game status because the lack of content made me think the game is still in early acces beta."
,Recommended,219640,29947079,Posted: 15 February,all,Zyzz,"Played on the noobie servers, had fun. Leveled out of the noobie server, got destroyed by people pulling weird matrix moves and♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,3632344,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,Clint Kaymen,"Awesome game, like Counter Strike gone medieval on crack"
76561198031609312,Recommended,219640,18740980,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,"Biercheese aka ""Blood Clot Man""",Chivalry...  Hold open doors... Pull out women's chairs... and Lop off a few heads!!!!
,Recommended,219640,13044270,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Kykuss Maximus,"So i did write a review stating that it was a top game. it still is brilliant, however, the vote kick system is a real letdown.. the fact that a small group of players can comandeer a server for hours, vote kicking everytime someone wants to join, is a pain, the fact that this could happen to me on my own server really bothers me... i also would like to say that some people in the community just have no decency, and like to gang on other players in the chat, which isn't too pleasant. all in all i'd say that the game is really a fantastic game, and i would highly recommend it, just bear in mind, starting out will be a bit unpleasant. another positive is that there are HEAPS of experienced players who are willlng to go out of their way to help the novice players get better which i think is really cool, and the chat can be a laugh at times :) 8/10 all in all i think"
,Not Recommended,219640,33331879,Posted: 6 July,all,UsernameWasTaken,One wordLerning curve
76561198332035885,Recommended,219640,26273441,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Fruity Recruity,"played for 30 minutes, i saw that you can dismember limbs10/10 would recomend if you love chopping heads and limbs off"
,Recommended,219640,4203791,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,炉料Error.WTF?!,So much Blood!
76561198062163131,Not Recommended,219640,32702323,Posted: 23 June,all,Xenon98,"This game has gone severely down hill over the past couple years, the game its self is still very much the same and is fun to play but the community is one of the most toxic I've seen.If you want a good medieval game and dont want ballet dancers in full plate armour doing some strange tornado attack at you, then just wait until Mordhau is released"
,Recommended,219640,5370064,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,SoricfuLLOVE -A- TRADEIT.GG,"PRESS C, C, C, ,C ,C ,C ,C ,C ; FOR MALRIIIIIIIIIIIIC *SCREAMS*10/10 Even if it has ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs."
76561198040687889,Recommended,219640,13550665,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Little Johnny Frostbite🐙,"Contantly shot by archers, reverse overheaded by scrubs and dragged by swines, 11/10 GOTY - IGN"
,Recommended,219640,20522627,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Valerius Lucius Eruperus,"+Best teamkill simulator.-Being penetrated by countless friendly players.-Maul is way too op.-Cancerous community.-Drag is not a good thing to stand on.-Crouch and spin around to win.-Vanguard class is too easy.+Taunts/Jokes/Sound acting ingame is so cool and original that it can make you laugh out your lungs.+Head severing/Head splatting simulator.+At all costs, it's still a hell outta fun.+Hours of fun despite the cancer.+Would not regret any of my words.(+Man at arms is the manliest class)"
76561198068703682,Not Recommended,219640,28440518,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Darkyosh,"Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥game, not bad if you are drunk or have friends and just wana play a game to laugh and♥♥♥♥♥♥on about. The moment you take it seriously the fun is gone and its not good for more then 1 hour at a time. lot of bugs, no anti cheat but not hackers in the common sense you would think but a lot of exploits and few minor cheats like playing a ninja on a all viking team and weird♥♥♥♥♥♥like that.. Not a very good game but get it if you want a game to play for 1 hour once monthly or something.. I don't recommend it."
76561198102082687,Not Recommended,219640,30102869,Posted: 22 February,all,Mx199,I have had fun in this game but the derpy mechanics are infuriating.
76561198056207425,Recommended,219640,13527514,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lady Gaga is back,"Nice game, a bit hard to play at first. But then you take pleasure in playing the mason or agatha team in this, must say, very beautiful medieval landscape.8.5/10"
76561198029716822,Recommended,219640,3955504,"Posted: 11 February, 2013",all,Super Cosmic Space Pootis,HEEEELP! HELP ME! HELP! HEEEEEEEELP!
,Recommended,219640,8226686,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Alex |-/,one of my best games ever !
,Recommended,219640,13814000,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Shell,It's ok.
76561198034421198,Recommended,219640,19713742,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,•҉o' great one du moorland,A fantastic & unique game.
76561198007245436,Recommended,219640,9675028,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Burning Excretion of Vindaloo,"Four classes to play in fast-paced medieval warfare, Knight, Vanguard, Man-at-Arms and Jewcu.nt.The game itself is doesnt have many faults thanks to the constant annoyance which is far too regular updates. However the online community is enturely questionable. These c.unts belong on 9gag. The admins for the major online servers are just politically correct brown nosing sycophants.Games.netserver admins are the worst, can't take a joke and flagrantly enjoy pushing the poo.Oh, and after about 7 trillion updates the bast.ards still havent fixed the achievements bugs. I'm utterly disgusted by this.I hereby sentence Chivalry: Medieval Warfare to a score of 721/1000."
76561198027796915,Recommended,219640,13489927,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Bruschev,"Princess Peach is up to no good again when she announces the inaugural Mushroom Kingdom  Renaissance Fair. Sticking true to the ""Mushroom Kingdom"" ways, The Princess orders all participants to indulge in a little 'home grown' agriculture. The ensuing events notoriously called the ""Mushroom Massacre"" is what you find yourself embroiled in - as the 'agricultural' frenzied genocide rages on you must band together as a group to fight your way out of the fair grounds."
,Recommended,219640,16702697,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Fartbox,"I bought Chivalry: Medieval Warfare during the summer sale quite spontaneous. I didn't have any prior knowledge of the game and held no high expectations of it.4 hours later I'm surprised that it's 2am, this game makes more than time fly. Heads, arms, mods, a fairly decent community and plenty of room for improvement, chivalry took me by surprise.Graphics remind me a bit of 'The Elder Scrolls - Oblivion' and considering I paid 2,30 euros for it's not something I want to complain about.Resolution could be raised, but that's a minor issue.Let's do a pro/ con list while we're at it;Pro's:-Fun-Different (basically like CS with swords)-Workshop-Mods-Customer support is pretty fast-Difficult (you really should do the tutorials first.)Con's:-A bit buggy at times (username doesn't display in-game)-Friendly fire (as far as I can tell) on all game modes, resulting in a lot of people team killing/ accidentally hurting eachother-Isn't the most graphically enticing game ever-Not really friendly to solo play.Hope this helps, I would definetly recommend watching a few youtube videos to get a feel for it prior to purchase, I do recommend it though.6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,28740044,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[$kiz] BorisZakhaev,"Mediocre game with cancerous community. Not worth the money, folks."
76561198086734626,Recommended,219640,16371086,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Reaperx58,"This game makes me wish I could pick something other than yes or no for the question, 'Do you recommend this game?'Chivalry has all the potential to be one of the most fun games ever made, unfortunately it is PLAGUED by bugginess. Some days it is nothing but great fun, some days it's nothing but a headache. I for one hope that devs improve the game from it's current state, but over the past year I have seen a lot of patches that add things to the cash store and very few patches that actually fix things."
76561198022231592,Not Recommended,219640,14075464,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,AcEoFNeX,cant join any games.
76561197983563283,Not Recommended,219640,22194118,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Kru3m3lm0nst3r,"The graphic is good and the atmosphere too.The game could be great if the core - the combat system - didnt suck so hard.It took me some time to realize but after that I came to understand that.At first I was fine but in higher levels you will encounter very skilled players that exploit the system in a way I think it wasnt meant to be used.The key component that destroys the game is the fllowing:Arm and torso movement is directly linked to the mouse so if you move your moue in certain ways you can make an attack out of moves that werent supposed to be attacks.I will give an example:While wielding a long 2h Sword your character will reach back with the weapon over your shoulder to make a powerfull swing to the front. So the arm and sword movement is: reachback for the swind -> swing to the front.Clever movement allows you to damage the enemy behind you if you look up while reaching back with your sword. That is since your torso bends backwards while looking up and the tip of your sword is at that point directly behind you. That is possible since the torso movement is liked to te mouse.Very good players attacking you will use that to turn away from you and look up while reaching back with their sword and you will get damaged by their sword. The second they swing out they look down again and spin to you and damage you again.This looks utterly stupid and there are many different ways to exploit the mouse system in that way.(For example you can turn while making a leaping attack and if you are good, you leap past the enemy to swing in his side or back while he still looks the direction where you leaped from)This leads to enemies spining and flailing with their arms and torsos while the player brandishes with his mouse.This not only makes no sense but also looks extremely stupid and steals all sense of fighting atmosphere.For me it destroys the combat system since I am not willing to play in that moronic way and make myself look like a total idiot while actually beeing very efficient and dangerous."
76561198147426497,Recommended,219640,26093447,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,MaccaSpacca,There is nothing more arousing than cutting people's heads off with a huge ♥♥♥♥ing axe
,Recommended,219640,10914000,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bobby Tortilla,"If you don't get this game, you're a filthy peasant."
,Recommended,219640,8534443,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Phoenix,"It's a pretty brutal game, punishing where it needs to be, and if you wanna win well, you've gotta atleast try. The combat feels swift and advanced.8/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,16493326,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,@ [O]zork0N ^^ @PT:GO,"I will not recommend this game for theese 3 reasons.-PRICE: this game still costs around 20€ after years from its first release.-VOTEKICK: you can kick out opponents, lol middle-aged abuses ahead.-RANKING SYSTEM: what ranking system? you are just randomly against people, if someone has few hours of playtime or over 1000 hours the system just doesn't care, get ready to play against high rank people.The game has potential, but looks like developers just don't care to fix things or to develope a ranking system, so how should i reccomend this game to someone?..."
76561198039676139,Not Recommended,219640,29388741,Posted: 20 January,all,Corso,"I admit is fun, i kinda like the mecanics of the game but for the fact that is a small community, at certain point it frustrate you to play with such gamers with so high skill base and somewhat, well, with disadvantage when playing with normal k&m when most of them use a mouse tht modifies sensitivity and whatnot (in which it gives you a rediculous upper hand when you get use to it). I consider myself in a decent skill base but honestly nah you cant compete with that. And for deadliest warrior in which i prefer it to play it more than the regular MW seems that is just for a certain region since im always with more than 100ping in all server that really sucks. For this game you just cannot hav more than 100ping you just cant.If you really really  REALLY like this sort of hardcore gaming then go for it, GL and enjoy.  But if you expect a balance or something that compensate that in this game, i dont think you will be playing much."
,Recommended,219640,12597358,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Foxie,Chivalry Bugs Warfare!
,Recommended,219640,9130247,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Syphilis Rotisseris,"One of the best games I've played and one of few I really play on steam. The gameplay is technically very simple and gives you many options to play according to your playing style, such as either being an archer with a crossbow or with a bow and arrow, or  a knight that can take more damage, or the man at arms class who is very agile. When it comes down to battling, it's all about the mind games and timing with each weapon. Very team based with countless hours of fun to be had. This game should not be missed. This should be you vvvvYou = "" SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!!"""
,Not Recommended,219640,28440136,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Shadow Teh Fox,"i love the game ALOT, but sadly its like CSGO and there are alot of smurfs (high level players making new accounts to pick on new players) and the devs dont seem to care anymore they need to just ban them but they sadly dont seem to care"
76561198108318977,Recommended,219640,14456633,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Shambolic,It's Ok
76561198087386614,Not Recommended,219640,14459472,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,masterofpuppetsrules,hacks.
,Not Recommended,219640,16496574,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Robert Mihai,this game shows potential but untill bugs likeconstant crashingare fixed it won't be worthed the moneys
,Not Recommended,219640,16269824,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Herbal Derp,"As with most reviews, this is steeped heavily in personal opinion and not much else, but here goes:Today, this game is mediocre. But it was kinda good once.48~ of my 56 some odd hours in this game were spent in 2012 when this game first hit Steam. It was fun back then; not great, but still entertaining. But most importantly, there was a huge opportunity for improvements in the coming years, which I was very keen to see (and still have yet to).The most recent 8~ hours I've played have been far below the expecations I had for progress made in 3 whole years of development; really, if anything, the current state of the game is a straightretrogradefrom the 2012 iteration. Hit detection issues have against all odds gotten worse, almost all the combat exploits are still here, the community has gottenfarworse, and it seems like very little new content exists now that didn't exist 3 years ago. I mean, I guess the new menus and hats are nice, oh and you can change your armor color to confuse people by obscuring what was previously a clean ""red vs blue"" combat environment, but...The array of weaponry, for example, seems identical. Sure, you have a bunch of reskins for real $$, but they're functionally identical to weapons which already existed 3 years ago. I can understand why adding more weapons just for the sake of more weapons is a recipe for disaster balance-wise, but really guys? Three whole trips around the sun and nothing?The minority community of insular elitists has somehow blossomed since 2012, and what's worse is that it seems the developers only cater to this demographic when updating the game. This is why flat-out exploits like mouse dragging or bunny-hopping during sword fights still exist: long-time players have been using these as a crutch for so long that making the game workwithout themhasn't even been considered.Additionally, the populated servers all seem to suffer from high degrees of what I call ""Garry's Mod-itis"", where server admins go on power trips and break their own server rules pretty much constantly. A catastrophic lack of maturity is a recurring theme.The most positive thing I can say about this game is that the tutorial is really well designed, probably one of the more content-rich tutorials I've encountered. It's too bad that the majority of the stuff you learn in it can be safely thrown out the window once you actually start playing multiplayer, because of the aforementioned exploits completely eclipsing all other strategies.I guess what I'm trying to say is: if you want to play a melee-only TF2/Enemy Territory-style objective game that is completey mired in a cluster♥♥♥♥ of exploit-dominated playstyles, where new content drips in at a rate of 2-hats-per-year, and whose community of server mods/admins make Hitler look like a sensible and level-headed dude (come on, you know Godwin's Law had to fit in here somewhere), then dive right in.But if you're looking for an even semi-realistic portrayal of medieval combat in a multiplayer videogame, with deep but rational gameplay and a mature community, and furthermore whose developers actively develop it toimproveits gameplay and appeal, rather than sheltering and encouraging a vocal minority of elitist shitheels who can't function without garbage exploits, then you'll need to look elsewhere."
76561197996612270,Not Recommended,219640,16255243,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Rod,"Do not try this game, as in many fascets in FPS.....this one has a imaginative and interesting concept that does not compare to other games of similar standards. First, alot of people are stating online that this game does not have a large amount of cheaters or hackers which is a huge lie. Hacking is very present in this game with people claiming maxed sensitivity and some fancy setting which still negates the speed of such weapon. Even if you catch such people commiting these actions there are numerous others that ruin the experiance of a game. Second, friendly fire is very present in the game.....be it does put a sense of realism in the game it also breeds a form of elitist mentality in a large sum of the player base toward the newer players in whch you are eithier be trolled out of game or more often kicked and unable to rejoin toward the more populated servers where the game was in one prospective interesting. Lastly, the progression systems for unlocking weapons is based solely on aggregated kills and not on kills that was helped as in other games. Many times while you are in combat a veteran players or at times a newer player will come in while in 1V1 combat take or steal ones kill and make you progression most tedious especially toward weaker weapons that do not kill in one or 2 hits similar that plaques the lighter classes. There are things in game that has some moments but these few times of brightness gets mostly overcasted by constant hacking, lag issues and lack of overall progression in which random interjections in combat by other players ruin the experiance."
76561198026579551,Not Recommended,219640,16304282,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,respeckt_wh@men,"This game has the biggest bunch of ♥♥♥♥s for a comunity. Apart from that, pretty fun.Also try to avoid servers where half the people are high level, im talking like lvl 40+. Kinda hard to these days but what they do is they all team up on one side, so each match is laughably one sided. IDK, maybe they're afraid they will lose a round or something, seems believable given the community. But it makes each round either very boring (Winning side) or very annoying (losing side).As for mods or crypt servers. They are pretty cool like most the game, but if you are new what will happen is they will team kill you because you havent been on before, then if you defend or fight back they will kick you.So like i said before and kinda how it looks these days, this game is slowly killing itself and that is pretty much down to its own community. Try disabling the chat box before you ever really play a round and the expirience will probably be funner, tenfold."
,Recommended,219640,26065389,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,[HN] Vader,"Really nice game,nice graphics, the attention too the map details are fantastic. I higly recomend this game."
76561198250995630,Recommended,219640,32670123,Posted: 23 June,all,DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT,W+LeftShift+C
,Recommended,219640,21025876,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mr Fuckboi,its a nice game lol
,Recommended,219640,10868421,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Islu,An fps game with a twist of awesome meele combat system!BUY IT NAO
,Recommended,219640,14859999,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Kovah,"Community isnt the best but once you get into the game its probably the best medieval game you will think you have played, graphics are good the, the gibs are awesome, the fastpaced gameplay and the endless possibilities of mods will keep this game fresh, top 5 favourite games on steam right here !"
,Recommended,219640,14098378,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Yrk,"Just use a shortsword and thrust, nothing else will beat it."
76561197995351734,Recommended,219640,20195351,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Icariusnatarius,"The game can be hard in the beginning and challenging, but that is the fun of it. The sheer enjoyment of getting better and better everytime you play it, and there doesn't seem to be any end to it.Having such a dynamic gameplay that allows moves that are so varied since you can accelerate/decelarate all your attacks.The game is still buggy and has issues with optimisations, but overall it's one of a kind. You can't get the same experience nowhere else. Just try to hang on in lower ranks, read some guides and overall listen to yourself and your teammates. The experience is doubly better further on."
,Recommended,219640,21140169,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,susuwatari,This game is one of those rare things that can make you laugh hard even after a terrible day.
76561198133027933,Recommended,219640,21140040,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,I am Alive,"This game is awesome and fun with cool classes. The fighthing mechanics are unique and sastisfying, also the voice calls are so funny."
,Recommended,219640,23977376,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Erlig Khan,"Don't feel regret for bought this game, you can't stop playing after get used to it."
,Not Recommended,219640,32989006,Posted: 29 June,all,"I, THE GREAT PAPYRUS","I do not suggest getting this game. Not even as a gift. Here's why, in no particular order.- Toxic players. They are everywhere.- Extremely unbalanced weaponry and classes.- Cheating. So much cheating. And worst of all, it seems to be accepted by almost everyone.If you enter this game, don't expect anyone to help you. However, expect to die a lot to people who aren't looking in your direction, or whose attack either takes 0.001 seconds, or 5."
,Recommended,219640,18501356,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,8Z,"Medieval hacking and slashing, high skill ceiling.All fun until you leave the new player servers, that's when random spinning high-ranked vets rekt people like crazy.Still."
,Recommended,219640,35464306,Posted: 3 October,all,Glunar,"Good♥♥♥♥♥game!It's fun to play, especially with friends."
76561198216167104,Recommended,219640,18502775,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Ργη|mcduikerman99,Pure awesomeness... but would be great if you didn't hit someone from a mile awaywith your tiny weapons.
,Recommended,219640,7757147,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Erectin',"Kill them, KILL THEM ALL!"
,Recommended,219640,29581582,Posted: 30 January,all,Vladimir Putin,I feel like if there were Nazi Signs it would be a 10/10
,Recommended,219640,13056575,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,b0ss,There's no black guy in it. 9+10/21
,Recommended,219640,17225175,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ǝɔǝuɐʞ,"When i first started playing chivarly i thought it was horrible but after giving it a second chance and playing on a server with a decent ping i fell in love with.with deep and complex combat system that is easy to pick up and hard to master, there is never a dull moment. have a great time playing with friends and DECAPATATING ENEMIES!!!!!  I would recommended geting game on♥♥♥♥♥its alot cheapper. trully amazing multiplayer game"
,Recommended,219640,24053585,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Predator,خیلی باحال بود
76561198019160833,Recommended,219640,10938949,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jackson,bEST SWORD GAME IVE EVER PLAYED AND  IRECOMMEND YOU GE THIS GAME 10/10
,Recommended,219640,11573687,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,jeff the thicc,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a game about medieval warfare as it so happens. The game features brutal combat with a nice mix of game modes and a lot of people to play with.Pros:- Brilliant combat. The game does an amazing job with the fighting, especially in first person.- Lots of players. The game is still very active and has a large amount of players on it, mainly in the afternoon.- It looks stunning. If you have the graphics on the highest then you will be satisfied!- Has many different weapons to play with. All of them vary in size, damage, stamina cost, etc.- Has an okay Stamina and Health system. It's not very realistic (at least, the health), but it's actually quite good.Cons:- Crashes and freezes a LOT. You'll have to deal with this a lot, until they fix it.- Every update to fix bugs brings more bugs. They tend to do this a lot. Don't even get me started on major updates.- People use public servers as servers to play with friends. You'll get kicked from servers sometimes (not common).- If you're good, butthurt people will try to kick you. I'm rank 37 and it happens sometimes, it happens to all of us.- Peope complain. If you feint or drag, butthurt people WILL complain, just ignore them.The two main mechanics of this game:- Feints. Feinting is where you stop an attack while you're winding up, in order to follow up with a proper attack. This makes people block early meaning you get a free hit on them, you can also double feint, etc.- Dragging. Dragging is where you move the mouse around when you attack to slow down or speed up your attack. A lot of people will drag overheads with slow weapons like the Messer because they deal lots of damage.The other mechanic of this game which isn't quite main but you could consider it there:- Blocking. Yeah, obviously you can block, but the blocking is special. With a weapon only you can only block for 1 second before going back to no blocking, this makes the combat very tense and exciting and you can get some really good fights out of it. With a shield you can block as long as you like, but you don't regain stamina with a shield up and you can be stunned with a kick for something like 3 seconds so they can get a hit on you. Also, the stunned shield hits do more damage.Learning the game:The game will be hard to learn. It really will. The only matchmaking system is some servers putting rank limits on them. The only ones that are there that I see are the official low rank servers which are rank 0 - 15. The server I'm an admin on has a rank limit of 30-90 but a bug causes this to not work. (the highest rank is like rank 61 at the moment by the way). When you join servers and there's someone with a higher rank than you (sometimes 1 rank higher) will destroy you constantly, the trick is you use this to get good yourself, and it works.Conclusion:To conclude, I do recommend this game. Apart from all the cons mentioned, the game is still a good game and the major bugs are always fixed, and you can deal with the minor bugs that can actually be quite funny. There are plenty of maps, plenty of players, plenty of weapons, and plenty of hours to be spent! The crashing will be fixed at some point and the devs seem to be active. Recommend it to your friends too, it can be a laugh and on the whole a great deal of fun."
,Recommended,219640,9169728,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Carnal,Great bloody medieval fighting with AWSOME DLC: Deadliest Warrior
76561198098584950,Recommended,219640,9148807,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Hollow,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is the perfect example for a must have steam game. Much like my last relationship, for 25 bucks you will go through love, hate, laughter, rage, contemplation, and screaming all under 30 minutes. Unlike my last relationship, you will come back for more and more because this is true love. The game has no single player, but that is no problem because the multiplayer couldn't be more perfect. With a variety of game modes to choose from, four classes with a deverse choices of weapons to use as you rank up, and the feeling of immortality when you and your team rush head on screaming into battle. It's bonding like no other and with the DLC they release as well as the maps from steam workshop, you'll be wondering how you lived without it. The game can get a little frustrating at times, but it's just because a lone wolf will have trouble fighting an entire wolf pack. Keep that in mind. I rate Chivalry: Medieval Warfare 9/10."
76561197979928464,Recommended,219640,9177890,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Moose,"Chivalry is a skill based game, it takes time to get used to it. But once you do, it sure is one of the most rewarding games i have ever played! It has some bugs and flaws, but if you are able to see past them, it's a really good game!"
,Not Recommended,219640,22388454,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Shadow Jesus,"The fight system is simply broken  (reverse overheads spins, and the list could go on )  it's basically a joke.The community is rather small now and  (steam sales fix that problem for a while ) , and it's not very welcoming. If you say anything about about the combat system you are a scrub in their eyes. But let's not call a game bug that the developers were lazy to fix,  a combat system.Asking 22,9 € for this game is a robbery.  Only buy it on steam stales or humble bundles if it's between 1-5 € and you are feeling like giving the developers a tip for the effort, because that's all it's worth.If you want to have fun, just get a mount and blade game they are barely alive too like chivalry, but at least the combat system there is well developed and the players are less toxic.Or wait for Mordhau that game will show chivalry players, that how a melee combat system should look like and  what they do is a dancing lesson not a melee fight. (seriously get that game when it  comes out , don't waste time on chivalry)Last but not least, are you a fan of story driven rpg games, with way better combat system than this P.O.S. game and larger scale battles?Than wait for the upcoming medieval game Kingdom Come:Deliverance!And thus we reached the end. This review might look like an advertisement, but trust me it's not. You don't want to get this game, because the longer you play the worse it becomes.So wait for a sale if you really insist on buying this game, but only do so if you are really patient and not easily angered. If you are than give that 1-5  € to a homeless person instead or something , he might need it more than the dear developers."
76561198106429340,Recommended,219640,14643480,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Sorrowman,very good game....
76561197988697451,Recommended,219640,7905375,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Kryger,Very entertaining game. Great combat system and few flaws.
,Recommended,219640,14397674,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,bandito dorito,"Killed a man in a full suit of armor with my fist whilst yelling ""Yes"" 20/10"
76561198055112134,Recommended,219640,13064831,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Seinen11,"Swing sword and shout, 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,13039137,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,DMentMan,"This game is amazing, nothing more to say."
76561198097804575,Recommended,219640,33211866,Posted: 3 July,all,Kev,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,219640,18100692,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,wable,"I finally mounted a BallistaAimed it at the enemyButA man jumped outright infront of mewith his buddy jumping on his headI shotThinking it was the enemySomehowI killed 5 peopleAnd found 16 (I screenshotted, then counted.)Body parts on the floorWith all 5 heads lined up next each otherI was then kicked for teamkilling.10/10 Would play again."
76561198036956394,Not Recommended,219640,20281497,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gig,achei um lixo vai si ♥♥♥♥♥ parece beta!! vsf chupa meu piru seus♥♥♥♥♥♥♥de♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,22643440,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,💎 Sarkyyy,SERVER LAG SIMULATOR 2016 -IGN 9/11 WOULD PLAY AGAIN
76561198042301281,Not Recommended,219640,28283521,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,✠ Captain Comrade,its cancer
,Recommended,219640,29453182,Posted: 23 January,all,diesel,"Unique and enjoyable, a little buggy at times but nothing game breaking.Requires heavy practice to become a skillful player, which I like. But if you enjoy swinging swords and sieging castles you'll find starting a lot easier and more fun.Other than that, the graphics are good and competitive play is definitely an area I would recommend if you aren't a peasant."
,Recommended,219640,8533148,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Judge,DANK OC GAME
,Recommended,219640,8461482,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,CoolGuyRift,"Chivarly= Screaming, blood, death, and more screaming. Great game."
76561198069467565,Recommended,219640,13046279,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ＪａｍｅｓＤｉＭａｆｉａ,"Sincerely, i will start to say, this game it`s one of a kind! That have the medieval and action in First-Person. It`s like a First-Person Shooter, but in the medieval Age. The game have an awesome Gore and all that. Technically it´s a very good and cool game that was raising the quality of it, that the gamers want it and helped to all enjoy the game at its fullest.Unfortunately, the Community isn`t so good and big. But, the game itself it`s an well worth it masterpiece!Has the multiplayer and it`s very fun, you can decapitate your friends or if you play with random people, in many modes, the game it`s a battle to the Death!So conclusion, if i recommend? Yes, of course. It is a good game or other to have with dust in your library? No, it`s a good game, of course if you enjoy medieval and FPS online games. If you enjoy it and if you`re prepared to train many many hours to be at least good at it, i recommend cause it`s extremely fun, it`s extremely bloody, gory, with a variety of weapons and etc, and last with a great and spectacular soundtrack for a proper Age."
76561198103180123,Recommended,219640,10170343,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Hengleford,"Who Knew you could have so much fun stabbing, slicing off limbs and smashing in skulls....."
,Recommended,219640,4751099,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,BL - mod,Who doesn't love gore 'n' gibs?
,Not Recommended,219640,31239633,Posted: 19 April,all,Aloysius Teapot,"It's always hard to get a medieval combat game right because of all the aspects involved, like impact and followthrough; unfortunately, this game fails to even try to get it right.Hits that, by all accounts should interrupt powerful swings fail to do that quite often, for example, so even though you just hit someone's arm with an axe, the swing of their greatsword is not slowed down at all and sets you up for an easy decapitation with no way to dodge or block, despite you hitting first.Not to mention that the random lagginess of servers makes Dark Souls lagstab look tame by comparison. How long has this game been out and that's still an issue?The weapon hitboxes need some serious retooling. I've seen to many ""ballerinas"" who exploit them to spin around while swinging to create artificial kill zones that absolutely should not exist.And that's just the gameplay. Don't even get me started on the community."
76561198071094743,Recommended,219640,8693272,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,DarkShadow,"Dispite the glitches, this game is perfect in everyway! Are you tired of the same BORING fps games? Do you LONG for a game other than a over used concept like COD or Halo? (both are still fun)  Well how about you drop your FPS games, and hop onto a FPS game... First Person Sword game! The combat in this game is revolutionary! You can walk up to somebody without being shot down right away! This game is very original and is totally worth the money, thanks for reading and have a good day!"
76561198118454799,Not Recommended,219640,28400729,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kindon,"There is a good reason this game regularly drops to 2.50 on sale, it needs new noobs to feed the trolls living on its servers."
,Recommended,219640,11532329,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Messers Cohen,"Absolutely awesome game. Played about 10 games, had the one off game where I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, but I tend to rage at many things. Every kill means something, it's an intense, deeply personal fight where you scream when you achieve victory and punch the air for joy. I also spend half the time laughing just because of how awesome the gore is. EnjoyEDIT: If I had to add one thing? It's that never go past level 15. Once you get shut out of the 0-15 rank lobbies, which are genuine fun, and have skilled and awful players in equal measure, you get thrust into the multitude of idiotic, barely populated lobbies with players who either endlessly spam the standard attack (LMB) or who spin in a ridiculous pattern to unpredictably slow or speed up the attack, making it impossible to block. It's now ruined, beacuse nobody plays the objective. Nobody has any sense of playing well either, 1v1s at the end of Last Team Standing matches don't exist, beacuse people are too wrapped up in♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥one man with their nine teammates. It's now ♥♥♥♥ing ruined, and I can not get one single decent game now, as I refuse to participate in this exhibition of cuntishness anymore that involves turning the sensitivity up to 100, whipping the mouse around, and clicking. Clicking. Clicking. I am geniunely considering getting another account and buying the game for a second time, as the immense fun has been drained out of the game by the denizens of the regular servers. Rare is the time you come across someone who doesn't complain (me being one of them). And if you do, they'll probably be on your team. The game is barely the same thing now, and the frustration from the spammers, the bouncing men at arms, and the endlessly swivelling knights has made me rage quit several times within hours, within HOURS, of advancing past the opening lobbies. This is not a game you can seriously invest in, as if you do: you will become a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,10917304,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MinimolHD(ダイスケは,For all fans of medieval time and sword fights i recommend this game
,Recommended,219640,11612844,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Pubic Hair,is haha lda vicking sheild threw ahhaah
,Recommended,219640,12424929,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,★ Bartes ★,"Chivalry Medieval WarfareChivalry Medieval Warfare is a very fun game with very good climatic medieval battles. The combat system is properly made and the balance of life of each of the classes is high. On some maps you can use a ballist weapons or catapults. It also has a lot of interesting game modes and a variety weapons like a spears, mauls, maces, swords, bows and crossbows that have access only when we kill enemies with this type of the weapon. In my opinion, the biggest problem of this production is a poor optimization. This game its a really fun for people how likes fight with friends."
,Recommended,219640,13652955,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sync $$$,Did you play runescape When you were Young? Well it sucked Now you can play and amazing action game!
76561198086652716,Recommended,219640,11831212,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Guts the Black Maulman,FOR THE GLORY OF AGATHA!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,9820537,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Semi-Perfect Incel,So we skip ahead a good couple of years when Ryuko is older along with everyone else and she remembers the words her mother spoke about the life fibers still being out there and she cant fight anymore because she doesnt have sengetsu BUT she ccan use the help of the Nudist beach scientis to manipulate her life fibers and she and Mako manage to have a baby and Ryuko starts making an outfit for the baby so that when its grow up a bit they can have it for protection and itd be like letting their baby have a best friend like she had with sengetsu
,Recommended,219640,3234053,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,phatetr0n!,get accused of hacking by sub-30s daily10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,219640,2217382,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Mufasa from Lion king,"i buy the gam but then i dnt kno wat im spose 2 do???? so i just clik lft click al the tim and kil ppl lik dat xD but rly dont buy this gam, its dum al u do is kill ppls"
,Not Recommended,219640,19073444,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ONYX アリスト,"Positives: Fun medieval setting, Gory, Good with friends.Negatives: Terrible physics, Dreadful dev support, Game feels early access, Old unreal engine, Holy mother of useless purchasable content.Similarities to other games: CSS sort of matchmaking, Standard slice em up feel.New to the table: ...I believe that one arbitrary number to rate a game is foolish and about as useful as making a review just ""duuh its GUUD"" so thereforth I will use a divided rating system so people can see if the game excels in what they like or fails miserable (e.g. Game scores high in graphics but low in story, this may be a big deal for some people and one number isn't goingto tell them anything)Take these ratings with a grain of salt and refer to this when reading them, normally a full 20 would mean it's perfect but I'm basing this system off of my knowledge. 0-5 - Gamebreaker/Poor, 6-10 - Mediocre/Average, 11-15 - AboveAverage/Great, 16-20 - Excellent/Blew Me AwayGraphics: 10/20 Graphics are pretty average, nothing great about it. Just the general jist of Unreal.Story: 6/20 Story is only really told in the tutorial and never mentioned again.Gameplay: 3/20 REALLY BAD PHYSICS, it's very easy to abuse the physics in this game to get to work your way rather than the way it's meant to, (swinging around to make weapons useless) there is no weapon balance so if your an archer and someone heavy comes up to you (everyone else) your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥e.d ♥♥♥♥ED, it just generally feels sluggish and is just bad.Optimization: 14/20 This game has caused my comp to crash 2 times and in certain areas just becomes sluggish.Originality: 6/20 There are alot more medieval settings in other games that are done way better than this.Conclusion: All the devs really care about is making the most money by doing nothing, they use the community to make stuff for them so they can then sell it for money rather than say update to the new Unreal or fix any ♥♥♥♥ing bugs in the game. Unless they actually change something to do with gameplay or update to Unreal engine 4 just ignore this outdated rubbish, I've had no fun being killed for stupid reasons or just getting a kill when the physics spaz out giving me a fluke."
76561197976945057,Not Recommended,219640,17929894,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Malice Lonewolf,Game feels very unbalanced and it is very difficult to play archer without good team support. They need to vastly increase hitboxes because perfect shots still miss. It feels like luck vs a reliable aiming system. Game is utterly dominated by melee making me wonder what was the point to archer. Typically be prepared to die to just numbers.The vanguards charge is way too strong making it run in get a free kill and repeat. 2 handed swords are broken and I unlocked all of them within 20 minutes of time because on FFA 2h dominates.If they balanced the game so all classes were equally good and the community wasnt full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s it might be worth playing again.
,Recommended,219640,20267219,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,★KGBDEMON★,"Best ""teamkiller"" simulator!"
,Recommended,219640,17883987,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,wilsonmate CSGOSum.com,"It's a pretty damn good game, IF you put the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community aside. I've had a lot of fun playing this game and I plan to continue doing so until I get bored of it (which I never really will). Gameplay runs at a very fast pace and is smooth, graphics arent too bad, classes are fairly balanced, there is lots to do and every match is a unique experience. What more could you ask for?I have but a few tips for players looking to buy the game (and get good at it), Chivalry: Medieval Warfare requires a LOT of dedication if you yearn to become a 'good player'. Don't expect the game to be a walk in the park, it WILL s*** on your face at times but you just need to stay focused. Train earlier on in the game (level 10 or so) with people that are highly skilled to reach your full potential, if you are going to choose a class to specilialize in then choose wisely, try each class out to see which one matches your play style the most, obviously you don't have to follow up with that one as playing as multiple classes has it's benefits too, such as taking the MAA role early in the game, it will help improve your reaction time (due the the fact that it is considered as a very fast pace class) which then may assist you if you were to swap to the knight role later on. Get good fast or quit trying.If you're a casual then......have fun I guess!The last sentence was a joke....there arent any casuals. Teehee."
76561198004219486,Recommended,219640,17890460,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Invisigoth,No fire weapons. Melee combat is much more vivid and viceral.
,Recommended,219640,16075611,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,"Heljnir, King of Cintra","Brutally murder your friends, brutally murder your enemies! You can slice & dice them too.Overall, I would say this is very good for anyone interested in the culinary arts."
76561198154083889,Recommended,219640,16652910,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TG.Spooky,quite fun buy it on summer sale and you have got a nice game. but its not worth 20$
,Recommended,219640,26927523,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Memph,"Screaming Pythonesque insults and taunts as one's head and/or limbs fall to the floor.Quite possibly the most hilarious first-person multiplayer combat game in current existence.Maybe frustrating at first, but embrace death and spam the battle-cries.  Fun shalt be thine."
76561198199643373,Not Recommended,219640,23902460,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,nippertipper100,Fun game but full of exploits and bugs. needs patching.
,Recommended,219640,3431337,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Spookum Booum,YAHRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,3715592,"Posted: 17 November, 2012",all,Rear Admiral Poonce,Lick my nob u dumb rat
,Recommended,219640,11609934,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,damn.dirty.veg,"enemy got teamkilled while fighting me, i killed that guy and then got teamkilled by my teammate trying to get the kill. 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,219640,10941776,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Byxen,"This game is must-have for people who like fast paced action games. Over the time since this was in beta, it has improved so so much. The bad reviews on this game are from people who don't like the learning curve, and the bugginess of the game in the past. Chivalry does indeed have a big learning curve to become really good at it, but seriously, the more you play the better you get.Graphics for this game are amazing, and pretty demanding too. You're going to need a mid range or better graphics processor to max out the settings.Gameplay is a great experience. You can have the most intense fight against your opponents and rise to the top of the player list, or you can constantly mash X2 to say ""NO"" while you run away from enemies. This game has made me laugh so hard because of the voice commands. I can be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if I get killed by some person, but then they say something like ""You're welcome"" or ""The pleasure is all mine"" and I can't even be mad. Now onto the few bad things about this game. Some aspects of the fighting are unrealistic, because some people choose to  use these dumb methods of fighting. For example, a knight is facing you and runs right infront of you, turns around, and swings overhead. You take full damage if you don't parry or block fast enough. There are a few other moves like this, but all of them are pretty easy to avoid. Keep your distance from a higher rank player (35-60) It's likely they'll use these moves effectively and put ya six feet under.Anyway that's my review for Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. I play it all the time, because the community is so great and fun to interact with. I plan on playing for a long time (at least 1000 hours), and you should too. Reccommended game for sure"
76561198080664311,Recommended,219640,12064723,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,NigNog,Epic :3
,Recommended,219640,4319167,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Gentlefish,"This is a masterpiece. Often frustrating beyond belief, but that's okay, because the combat system is deeper than the wounds inflicted by an enemy's greatsword. Not only can you slash and block, but you can go for overhead swings, stabs, kicks, and feints. The batttles are intense, and every kill is an achievement. There's not much like shouting ""charge!"" at the top of of your virtual lungs as you careen down a hill with your comrades and then knocking someone's head off with your war hammer.So, if you like video games and the Middle Ages, you're probably going to love Chivalry."
76561198057626915,Recommended,219640,24424519,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Nár-Lávar,Dedication = Success
,Not Recommended,219640,24110250,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,[116th] Jentlemen,"I've played this game for many hours, and had fun with it for about 1/1000th of them. Unfortunately this is the only game like it. It is awful - with terrible glitches, exploits and design, and you should make sure NOT to buy it, to fund these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers, as they do not care and will continue only to add microtransactions to make mirage, which will also suck. Wait for Mordhau."
,Recommended,219640,13090319,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,modrew71,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,18298928,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,lolzer,"Don't listen to the ""exploits and broken game mechanics!"" people.They don't know what they're talking about and are too lazy to actually TRY and LEARN the game. There are things like reverse overheads which require you to spin. This is unkown to a newer player therefore they call BS. Itsalso in the loading screen tips, as you can duck underneath LMB attacks by simply crouching and looking down. This is literally in the loading screen tips. If you don't want to take time out to learn a game, do not buy this game and then call it bad. This game has such good combat mechanics that there are competitive tournaments sponsored by Torn Banner themselves, so they wouldn't change these combat mechanics anyway! There are also others who say the community is bad, but really I haven't seen anything bad about it. The Chiv community is so small and so tightly packed that its very often that you go on a server and find the same people you've already played with. This game is incredibly fun and addicting, and I reccommend picking it up on a sale or something."
,Recommended,219640,26200278,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,neelps,Balanced game
,Not Recommended,219640,28397292,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,❤ V V ❤,"Like others have said: The game is great in concept, and is a blast at first. Loud screaming, weapons clanking, and intense combat that has a real weight to it.However, as others have also said: The game suffers from being very exploitable in it's physics. The higher levels are an entirely new ballpark, with people spinning about like crazy and shields becoming a joke against players who've mastered these ""techniques"".While I can enjoy a challenging game, this game certainly turned into something I simply didn't want it to be.Also, the ""pros"" can get pretty damn toxic about their ""skills"", which is also a major turn off at this point for me.I still think the game is worth giving a whirl, but I can't promise it will remain enjoyable after the Newbie ranks."
,Recommended,219640,12821832,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Condog,SLICE PEOPLES HEADS OFF! SEVER THEIR LIMBS! PUT ARROWS IN THEIR EYEBALLS!
,Recommended,219640,20034260,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,JoeJoeFine,FIGHT
,Not Recommended,219640,8517415,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,walker,chivarly my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ enginevoice acting is like the sound of children dying
,Recommended,219640,18000616,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Spoopy Spooples,"You know when a game is fun when you have people claiming hackers are in the game and in the same game you team up with a guy spamming ""Thanks!"" while forming a small united group of 2 destroying anything that comes in the way.True Story"
,Recommended,219640,31698777,Posted: 12 May,all,DJMario,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! 10/10 very addicting
,Not Recommended,219640,26156947,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Magician Named Gob,"If you already have a ton of hours invested this will be fun.  If not, its basically a simulator for being chopped and stabbed over and over.   As you can guess, not very fun.   So you think you'll play on newbie servers, good luck.  I waited a bit to review.  My first few times I did pretty good.  but the more i play the more i see newbie servers don't mean anything.  You will get destroyed.  If you have a lot of free time, this game would be fun.  YOu need lots of time to practice and get good.  Not a game to play casually."
,Recommended,219640,17175478,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,HoboSexual,"About This Game:This game is a large multiplayer based game.There is a offline mode but who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is lots of gamemods you can choose from.FFA(My personal Favorite);Team DeathMatch;Capture the flag.You know basic stuff.Its Melee combat based so there are no guns.Just axes,swords,bow's and other medieval weapons you can choose from.The Combat Done GREAT in this game its amazing and some of the games like reign of kings are ripping it off.I say you should start playing on single player just to understand every class,map,gamemode.Tutorial:Its done really bad in this game.Its just dev's said ""screw it they lets add microtransactions,they can go and watch youtube videos to learn"".Tutorial only teaches you to play with one class.But for me they should have gave 1 tutorial per class.That would be great cause classes got a big difference.Mechanics:Game is unique when its about mechanics.Like i said games will rip off chivalry's combat system.Its well done.You got 3 basic moves but you can combine them together into a combo.Where when you slash you can combine it with overhead then stab.Its perfect and one of the best melee combat i have seen in a game.Workshop:Game also supports workshop where you can download maps and vote for various items to be added to game.It works like counter stirke go and team fortress 2 and good thing is game gets updated often.Glitches and Bugs:There  are some glitches on the game but they are no big deal.Most of them are graphical based.And It doesn't affect your gameplay but it would be nice to see them fixed.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------For me games is 8/10 a good game and kind of a game every pc gamer should own.Game only fails at tutorial but im pretty sure it ll get updated.Thanks for reading"
,Recommended,219640,26066916,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,max,Bought this game on sale and I have never expect that a game of 2 euros so much fun is. If you have some money on your steam account i would definitely recommend this game!
,Recommended,219640,3984308,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Trainer Gold,FOR THE GLORY OF AGATHAAAAA!
76561198107134967,Recommended,219640,10822857,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Getting 2 birds stoned at once,Its definetly a game that is available on steam!
76561198005312070,Recommended,219640,14680967,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Eiden,If you haven't played it youre missing out. One of the best games ever made so far.
76561198044522503,Recommended,219640,29442905,Posted: 23 January,all,SixthPoem,"It is a great game, however game mechanics abuse is encouraged as part of the game and not seen as exploited."
,Recommended,219640,8941991,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,[56e]AggofanCZ,"Very good and funny game, just that noobish archers in duel mod ..."
,Not Recommended,219640,3349810,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Grave,"There is a list of reasons for my thumbs down below. All you need to know if you're looking to buy is this:-This game is not for casual players OR new players. If you did not own this game a year or two ago, don't buy it now. You will be destroyed. You will lose. You will be angry. Save yourself the frustration.-Let me start off by saying I have a great and many hours on this game. I started playing more than a year ago, when things were a lot more fun. As time went on, the enjoyment started to sink away. I beat a good part of the learning curve and began to shine more. I would have recommended this game, and did. I brought friends to play with. Sadly, in the end, key things broke my loyalty.1: Community. The community of this game will make you hate all of humanity. They're (not all, but many) childish and insulting. Totally unhelpful. You will run into ""that guy"" that kicks you over and over again on your own team to goad you into attacking him so he can votekick you for team damage.2: The patching. I'm not going to sit here and say something about the ballance between classes with the patches. No. It is that each time they patch the game, more of it seems to break. Be it your weapon unlocks, your rank, or the whole screen going black while you play- Torn Banner is all out of free passes in my book to get this process right.3: Hacking. There are two types of people that will tell you this doesn't happen. 1 is the guy that defends this game and thinks you're just a noob. 2 is the hacker. I knew hackers in this game, and to stop a votekick on themselves, they'd just say to the kicker ""You mad bro? learn to play, don't votekick."" and the players would vote no. They'd keep the hacker in the game by assuming the kicker was simply  mad about losing.Nothing is more frustrating than knowing the hacker personally and watching them game the system that easy because the community is so poor.Again, there was a time I would have been all in for this game. I'd have defended all it's flaws. But as of late, after Deadliest Warrior (which is also not very good), I would tell you only to buy this game  if all of the above won't bother you."
,Recommended,219640,16684728,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Klkan,"Everything that needed to be said was pretty much said allready, this game is the best medival carnage simulator to date, fun as hell when you are playing alone and with friends.Combat is bit sluggish and optimization+netcode could be better but go ahaid, buy it if you want a medival hack and slasher."
,Recommended,219640,11802251,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,CRUTCH KING,Made friend's head explode with my fists12/10
,Recommended,219640,22337393,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,SparT.an-A14,"Un jeu Epic !!! Un gameplay unique,  les débutant surtout de vous découragez pas !!!The Epic game !!! The amazing gameplay , Newbie them especially to discourage you not !!!"
76561197998055908,Not Recommended,219640,34795193,Posted: 7 September,all,Zap,Has microtransactions now.
,Not Recommended,219640,21791190,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,pls.,Beta was better than the finished game. RIP
,Recommended,219640,30433174,Posted: 10 March,all,Zib 자비,because for honor is too expensive
,Recommended,219640,30438051,Posted: 10 March,all,DmC_Ultima,It's like for honor minus the vikings ang samurai.
,Recommended,219640,30424775,Posted: 10 March,all,乙| ╬ Rainart ╬,come hither
,Recommended,219640,16555939,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,MikeDaBasque,"EAT MY GUTS, THEY ARE TASTY."
,Recommended,219640,13894978,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Prelle,fun fun :)
76561198160660230,Recommended,219640,17418831,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cat Guy,"This game is awsome!!Pros:1: good combat2: Most maps are fast paced3:love the death animations of my vanquished foes4:This is a pro and a con the Vanguard is op and the archers are weak.Cons:1: lags on many of the detailed maps2: bots are very predictable.(thats probably why there is multiplayer.)3: many maps do not encourage creative strategy4: repetetive gameplay.I would highly recomend this game for any fans of medival games.P.S. if you comment, comment about the review not write your own review. Thank You."
76561198094599084,Recommended,219640,13788337,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Raru,">stroll into my local GameStop>looking to pick up a copy of Chivalry Medieval Warfare>grab the game and take it to the charming maiden at the register>""Pardon me, milady...but could you ring me up? A shame I don't have your number or I'd ring you up instead..."">she giggles and takes the game, blushing as her fingers brush mine due to my fingerless gloves>her eyes widen as she reads the game's title>""Wow, I've never seen anyone buy this before! You must have special taste!"">I smile and ready a witty response when suddenly a voice rings out from behind>""Hahaha look at what this ?????? is buying! That's not Call of Duty Advanced Memefare! What a piece of ????!"">I quickly turn around, my cloak billowing behind me, to discern the source of the rude outburst>generic dudebro caricature with a sports team cap and ""the guy that beat you up that one time behind the school in early October"" shirt is standing there guffawing>""Excuse me sir...you may disparage my person if you wish, but it is untoward to swear in front of a lady."">""???? you ??????!"">I smile quietly and tip my fedora low across my eyes, concealing them>""As you wish..."">I quickly swing my cane into his kneecap before he can react>he bellows and charges forward>I expertly sidestep him and the cashier screams as he crashes into the counter>I draw my sword-cane and mutter a quiet oath as I drive it deep into his back>""...requiescat in pace..."">As I clean my blade the girl walks out from behind the counter, twirling her hair with her fingers>""So...maybe you'd like to come over to my place to play that game sometime...?>""No thanks, milady, it's single player only. Besides..."">I sheath my sword>""You're not my type."">skate away on my Heelys"
76561198025043949,Recommended,219640,13872249,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Who wants the Clap,"This is the best yelling simulator I have ever played, I enjoyed it very much.I think all games should have a dedicated button just for yelling, I find it tiresome to push more than one button to yell Knave and question other players sexuality and nobility. And boy do I enjoy swinging a huge sword if you know what I mean.If blue means its good, and yellow means its ok, I give this game a eleventeen."
,Recommended,219640,10150319,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,JokeR gaming,اجمل الالعاب حروبNICE game war
,Not Recommended,219640,25930748,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Nullrick,"This WAS a great game early on and into it's mid-age. Truly fun, exciting and challenging. BUT, now you can't face off against anyone because veryone uses something called a spin-cut which preys on the game's bad netcode. (which has been reported and talked about by the devs.)How this happens is someone does a 360 degree turn while doing a slash with their weapon. The game's netcode, being what it is, doesn't properly translate the playert's movement to your screen, therefore tryng to block this is near impossible. It CAN be done, but only roughly two out of five times.And when you're in-game and bring this topic up, everyone will say that you're talking nonsense or that it's ""easily"" blocked. And that's before they kick you because they don't want their precious glitch fixed.You cannot find a game where someone isn't doing this because its the only way they win the most rounds; By taking advantage of the poor state of the netcode. These players have ruined the game.While it pains me to say this - do NOT buy this game."
76561198039602966,Not Recommended,219640,24683107,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ClassicArmy,"This game is so broken, I hate the spinning attacks and cheap glitches these people use just to win a match. I will never touch this game again, or until these issues are resolved."
,Recommended,219640,14093580,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Noose McGoose [4FCG],This game is perfect for people who like FPS's but are sick of guns!
,Recommended,219640,13061055,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,*Euthanize91,"I first played this game when it was part of the Free Play Weekend that steam often does for games.  Upon entering my first large scale battle I was immediately hooked.  It was a king of the hill match like nothing I have ever seen before.  Every turn I took there was just massive amounts of carnage.  With the ability to switch between first person and third person, this game creates an awesome immersive dynamic which I have never experienced before.With that being said,  I think that anyone who is into medieval times, hand to hand combat, and the chance to rein terror and displeasure over other people with a side of gruesome deformation will enjoy this game.  The fact that this game has full controller integration makes this even better.  I would deffinately recomend this game to anyone,  It is easy to pick up and play, jumps you right into action!"
,Recommended,219640,8043787,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Unavailable,"I WILL TEAR YOU, LIMB FROM LIMB!"
,Not Recommended,219640,14166943,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Random Wrapper Dude,"This game is for a person that is highly competitive, has a good computer, and is willing to spend alot of time fighting people that are consistently better than you or that are using hacks. Much of the community has degraded since the inital launch in my opinion, there are now alot of factors making the game less and less enjoyable. Clans are becomming a bigger thing now than ever before, and since they are stacking public servers, it becomes much more boring and one sided. I was in game where seventeen rank 50+ guys were figthing people who were all below rank 30, with the exception of me being 32. The only skill component of it is accuracy, and how you can artificially manipulate the game to warp the hitboxes or character models to act in the most un-natural, bizare, and unintuitive way possible. It's probably just hipster syndrome kicking in, but i dont' recommend this game in it's current state due to the massive decay in the community, and they just like to grope for money, buy this hat for only $5.00, or maybe these two for $25.00. The issue is that super high ranked players get paired up with players at about rank 16. Ranks 1-15, have special servers, but the issue is once they leave that early stage, they just keep getting kileld over and over again, making the game less and lesss enjoyable, making them wonder, WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ HAPPENED? WHY IS HE BENDING LIKE THAT? HOW IS THAT GUY SWINGING A HAMMER FASTER THAN A KNIFE? AND HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ AM I GETTING HIT BY FIRE ARROWS? Lots of hackers and other such people make the community constantly degrade to the pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥it is today. Players are offensive, obnoxious, rude, and this is'nt just a few servers like it is. Comparing it to the stereotype of♥♥♥♥♥♥community lets talk about COD. COD servers are stereotypically show to have the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, whie this is not true as the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s get the most attention versus, the other many servers of friedly people, chivalry has these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on most servers. Even offical servers have issues as players also have difficulty getting a votekick or any other type of vote started because it's not a polished menu. I understand this is sort of a ""right of passage"" into understanding how to play chivalry, but it's just plain stupid and time consuming most of the time. Being someone who has spent over 1,000 hours playing, I can attest to the rewards of leveling up, you die to higher level players. Rank 1, you die to rank 15, rank 16, you die to rank 50. Rank 50, you die to 55, rank 55, you have to look at how much time you spent playing or how many of the speedhacks, arrow hacks, or aimbots you had to download to get there. I dont really recommend the game in it's current build, but on the upside, the price is reasonable."
,Recommended,219640,26089628,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,TwistedFox,"""Dragging""I have been off and on this game for a while and it is currently my favourite game. I have had year long breaks from this but I have never decided to quit because of the ""exploits"".Torn Banner have seen dragging and have provided a hint in the loading screen for how to do it. This is quite huge because it shows us that Torn Banner have decided that this is okay. No game is realistic and fun games shouldn't try to, that's why this is a fun game.These drags never made me want to quit, but made me decide toGET BETTERThis is a game that actually makes you train; you get trained by other members of the community on duel yard servers, you get trained by yourself on an unsuspecting tree, you get trained on 3vs3 servers. Most high-level players are friendly in this game and will teach you if asked.THAT IS WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THE GAME.But it is difficult.Currently, I have spent 630 hours playing this game and I am still learning. That is what creates this game's longetivity, the hours and hours of infinite progression, creating your own combos and skills.Get this game, not because it looks like a realistic medieval war simulator but only if you like hard games."
76561198121937790,Recommended,219640,11569261,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,SMuG,Best game ever. So addicting and fun. Anyone whos a m8 needs to get this game.
,Recommended,219640,9284525,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Goki,Super great medieval game.Well recommended.
,Recommended,219640,16731470,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Victor™,"If you want to SCREAM and BEHEAD people, this is the game for you. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,24326231,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Not_Jon,"The swords are nice, and I like the limbs flying everywhere part of the game. 7.5/10 too much medival"
,Recommended,219640,12406149,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,chillycheese,"NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD, NO MY LORD"
,Not Recommended,219640,8350141,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,dooben spark,"Repetitive, boring, unbalanced, immature game.No way this is a FULL RELEASE, it is like a mini-game with one unoriginal game mode.The worst money I've ever spent, if you're above the age of 11 or are not aroused by knights and swords just don't buy it.AVOID AT ALL COSTS."
13249879823417981,Recommended,219640,11622540,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Phoenix,Family walked in while I was dismembering a dead archer with my balls in a knight's mouth.10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,7438313,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Hunster,bed gem. 0/10
76561198009491914,Not Recommended,219640,25219272,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sounga,"This game used to be fun at one point. However, since its release the devs have put ABSOLUTLY NO EFFORT into the game. This game is now a bunch of trolls who run around using exploits, and hacks and cheer eachother on. The game community is completely garbage. I have played this game for a long time, and at this point all i can say is that I would nbot recommend it to anyone anymore. Do not waste your money on a game that really should get shut down since the ones who made it clearly have no intent or desire to fix the multitude of problems that are going on.Which are as follows:1. players can modify the speed that they can swing thier weapon (an exploitable bug)2. classes have become completely unbalanced to the point where if one class goes agains another 1 V 1 the one class WILL win every time.3. players can do what they reffer to as ""dragging"" which is more or less a bug where a player can swing with out actually swinging thier weapon for anywhere from 1-3 seconds (good luck blocking it).4. players can literally swing thier swords around to the point where thier spines look like they are made of thin plexy glass which can be used to get around a players blocking mechanic.5. certain weapons can be used to completely avoid blocks (again an exploitable bug)6. players can ban other people from servers just because they entered the server and for what ever reason they did not like them (no approval process....just trolls having more power then they ever should)7. the game allows for opeople in free for all matches to team up with out consequence8. getting stabbed in the foot the right way will kill you instantly (even if you have full health)Please keep in mind that there are far more I could wright about, but at this point if you are dumb enough to buy this game after reading all of this you will find the rest out for yourself. Over all case and point (which i hope the devs see DO NMOT BUY THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE GAME THAT EVEN THE DEVELOPERS DO NOT CARE ABOUT YET WILL HAPPILY TAKE YOUR MONEY FOR)"
,Recommended,219640,9172952,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,GamerKnight332,fantastic game!! beastly cool graphics!! insane multiplayer !!!!*FOV SLIDER OFF THE HOOK*120full on dueling this is truly a good game.also sometimes a face usaully ends up at the end of my sword at times*if u kno what i mean* :3*this was written years ago so excuse my young self**one of the best games i have ever set foot in*
,Not Recommended,219640,29498497,Posted: 26 January,all,Dinky The Fat,"Game is fun and extremely addicting. ONLY WITH CERTAIN PLAYERS.-Slow and powerful weapons are able to be made quick and agile by breaking the games speed barriers while swinging-Hitboxes dont work atleast once every fight. You can sit and watch the swords faze through your character and do no damage at all.-Crappy community, This is okay when you find good people and of course it doesnt make the game bad. But if you say anything bad about the game in chat you will get in a fight and will get banned or kicked.-Quick and agile weapons are able to be sped up quicker than the game can handle, you CANNOT block them unless you guess or panic.-Glitches in maps-Sometimes mechanics and sounds do not play. A character is supposed to grunt before a swing starts so it indicates that he is swinging, Sooo many times a character will not grunt and you wont be able to block it unless you have insanely good eyes.-Players kick you for saying anything they dont like.Whats good?-Fast fighting (When the players let the game work)-Funny characters alot like monty python.-VERY good soundtrack-Nice looking and nice styled game.-Cool maps and fairly unique gamemodes.-Neat Character customization."
,Recommended,219640,13024540,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Drewsko,It is a good day... to CRY!
76561198056146874,Not Recommended,219640,23690960,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ur mom a gay,"Too damned buggy, too damned laggy, the vanguard is ridiculously strong and has the most range out of the melee classes,the only fun archer weapon is the sling.Don't bother."
,Recommended,219640,29400892,Posted: 21 January,all,•҉ WisP,"You are pigron livered, and you lack any gall"
,Not Recommended,219640,26069391,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,stealth,"The game itself is not bad... the engine and the flow of the game works so well with the gameplay... but...The other team can kick you if you are doing good and they will kick you for the reason ""cheater"" or some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..You also get team killed everytime you go into battle... all you see in the chat is ""i ♥♥♥♥ed your mom why you kill me""6/10 Game1/10 CommunityIs it worth even £2 on sale? Nope... not until they fix the opposite team kick thing :P(Dont quote what i am saying, this is from the experience of me playingt this game for two hours... i dont know if its the server im going on or its just the game, but every server i go on seems to have that feature. still needs to be removed though)"
,Recommended,219640,5402487,"Posted: 18 February, 2013",all,∨∨ᴉ⊣CH HOUS3 S▲SH▲,"This game is solely multi-player based. There are only 4 classes to play and a wide variety of weapons to choose from. The physics in this game are amazing which also takes battling into account for. Trust me, when you get hit, you will feel it. And one on one battles do feel personal on the battlefield. My only gripes with this game is when you die in team matches, you only get 1 life until everybody on eihter team dies. This is the only way to respawn, otherwise you will be in specteter mode. With dedicated servers and enough people to play I highly recommend this game. Great community and tons of mod support along with modded servers. I probably give this game a 9/10."
76561198009305108,Recommended,219640,16372866,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Faravahar1200,"The fighting system of this game it's very well made you going to enjoy fighting your enemies on epic pvp combats .The outfits and the two major factions and their classes are really intresting and cool to be play as,The classes like many games you can switch at each one at any time you like be a archer or be a knight everything it's fun expereince in this game.Funny think I also could write you about this game is a way characters shout when you press a shout button it is so well voice over acted that sometimes I think the voice actors of this game might have gone insane by acting far to good and killing each other :]You will love this game for sure if you like combat medieval games so much and this game is more based to be played online.If you find yourself in trubble and having issues of killing players there is an perfect tutorial made by developers in  game and you can select it and you will get a funny npc  teacher character with very funny voice ."
,Recommended,219640,9687684,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Magally,Scream simulator
,Recommended,219640,10145055,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Lebac ∞,The game is so good it stopped working after 2h.
76561198052533744,Not Recommended,219640,10315966,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,freegantarchist | we are oceans,no full gamepad support.
,Not Recommended,219640,26079557,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Seemingly.,"""professional players"" that use mechanic exploits to speed up attacks and dodge attacks that were guaranteed hits. Don't ever duel in this game, it's not worth your time.Swordplay is fun, but it loses its value because of above exploits."
76561198056359008,Recommended,219640,8529536,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Lgd | MaxOda,"Chivalry tem a melhor mecânica de combate a curta distância que conheço com quase 50 armas para escolher, cada uma com sua peculiaridade e também um combate à longa distância com arcos, bestas, dardos e fundas inédito, com detalhes de balística que se vê muito pouco nos jogos do mercado atual, muito excitante.Recomendo"
,Recommended,219640,8860719,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Inspector Spacetime,Ded waror is trashgarbge but medevl wafers is gud. It so tactic and u kut ppls hedz off. and you also have a sword that u swang and kin meka ppl diy wit. fune gaem 4/20
76561197987244940,Not Recommended,219640,9948166,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Donut House Coffee,"A dog, a snake, and a weasel begin their long trek up a mountain path.  Yes,  it's true,  when they were little they used to take baths together and forever remain best friends. The weasel rides on the dog's back while the snake wraps itself around the dog's neck like a collar. No one knows why they are taking this path or where the path will lead them.   All they new was that these three were the highlight of the village and seeing them leave was something new. The village watches them walk off, many with tearing eyes. A little girl runs to her mom and says; ""Hey mom, if we play Chivalry, we can virtually protect a village from onslaught by marauding invaders!""  The mom says OK, but finish your homework first. I guess what I am try to say is, the dog, snake and weasel -  have nothing to do with this game - but it's kinda sad - don't ya think?  As for this game, I haven't figured it out yet.  Good luck!"
,Recommended,219640,22012416,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Trip,"Hi this is Trip,In this review I try to cover everything that has to do with chivalry medieval warfare in the next couple of sentences. I actually clocked about 1337 hours in free for all trying to get the final achievement in which actual sword fighting was entirely avoided. Once I joined a team objective map I did well against the lesser roleplayers but got completely destroyed by the lmb gambling vanguards.Actually this review is utter rubbish and does not represent Chivalry at all but a warpedvery high fov of which the player demonstrates his lack of respect for the gameand other players, a common theme in all  of his crass reviews.﻿Just kidding game is good and most of its flaws are actually really charming in a strange way. The skill cap is extremely high though and even after a 1000 hours you are just starting to learn the real mind games that go on during every encounter. There are sadly though still a lot of exploits and glitches in the game and most of these will likely not be fixed anymore. But if you know what is going on and stick with it the game opens up and you can really enjoy its beauty.And if you get destroyed there is always the quality voice comms which you can enjoy yourself with forever.Thanks for reading (part of) this review,Come hither boys and gals its not that bad"
,Not Recommended,219640,14536785,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Nano,This game is just... Bad.EDIT: Community is still complete♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,8243460,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,👻Spoopy Nexus👻,If you scream more than the other team you win.
,Recommended,219640,19295042,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Cyrus The Great,"Decent game. Worth buy if you want seriously see brutal medieval combat in multiplayer. However, there's no single player campaign and game can bored you shortly.IMHO, this game is kinda like: love or hate it."
,Not Recommended,219640,23798007,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GreaseMan,If you stare the rainbow too long you may become a meme
,Recommended,219640,14128698,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Frank,Stole my life........
,Recommended,219640,29530341,Posted: 27 January,all,•҉ Vanilla,"Comical, ridiculous and full of laughter. This game is totally one for the trolls. But there are some steps to be taken to get there... also try not to take this game seriously. If you are the CSGO/CoD ragequitter-type adolescent, I suggest taking your PC and unplugging it, and doing something better with your life while you rest and meditate on how to be better at Chivalry.First things first. If you're looking to LMAO, this is the game to do it in.There are some pre-requisites to have for LMAOing in Chiv:1. Don't expect to win against someone with thousands of hours. Just x5 (Thank your Brother) Be humble.2. Take a bit of time to perfect your t-bagging. Looking all the way up while bagging looks more than sensual.3. Keeping hitting xx2 to make your avatar LMAO.4. Get real good and decapitating corpses. I do it a lot in Moorland Skirmishers and I usually get a very nice LMAO and Thanks from my brothers.5. Practice your combo-stops and your blocking (see Youtube for more info)6. Make friends. Don't attack everyone. Defend yourself against wouldbe plebisensual opponents. After you have slain them, you can look all the way up while t-bagging them, thanking them with x5, and laughing thereafter with xx2.7. Pre-requisite number 7 is the most important piece of information any high-level Chivalry Master will tell you.""git gud""8. When you see one of your brothers again, thank them with xx6 (or x5) and proceeed to pwn nubs.9. Please re-read all of this highly useless information I have put in my review.Now at the end of the day, I would say the best combination for LMAOing in Chiv is after a couple beers and a bit of green.I give this game a 10/10 for being the funnest, most ridiculous and disheartening of games I have ever played. I recommend it to the medieval-fantasy-nerd who is looking to explore deeper meanings of the game and expand on his/her online graciousness and relationships.As a final note, and please hearken to this, most of this game is not combat and killing and winning. For me, the heart and soul of this game lies within you knowing and Thanking your brothers everytime you see them. The breath and life of this game in my humble opinion is the Moorland Skirmishers server. If you spend time creating a nice looking avatar to be visually noticed in the game, something catchy that stays the same and is easily distinguishable between plebisensuals and non-plebisensuals, you'll find that you walk into a community of lovelies that will never let you down.Buy when it is on sale!♥Vanilla"
76561198142867196,Not Recommended,219640,23876643,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,FucktheZWO(AUT),The Reason this Game sucks so hardYour own Teammates kill you for funOr you get kicked after 1 Team kill as a total Newbe with level 0Nice Community really - what the f is wrong with the gaming community today
,Recommended,219640,10153459,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,{G.I.T.V} ♛Legendary Villain♛,"Tis This Beef My Good Sir, Then Let us Cleave it in twain and resolvest our differences!!The most satisfying melee combat I have experienced in a while."
,Recommended,219640,14123034,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Harmless Shεεp,"BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA*stab stab stab*10/10 would reccomend, lots of humans to kill and eat :D"
,Recommended,219640,12384204,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Bob,You can decapitate two of your teammates with one mouse click10/10
76561198031001579,Recommended,219640,24832563,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,THRILLHOUSE,"Chivalry is a hugely intriguing game for anyone with an interest in a competitive and highly skill-based multiplayer game.The good:The large variety of weapons and four classes cater to different play styles.Pervasive dark humor is a fun contrast to the graphic violence.The five different attacks can be combined in interesting ways.Practically an unlimited skill ceiling.The bad:Steep learning curve. TB attempts to curb this slightly by offering low level rooms to exclude the pros, but it's an imperfect solution. The ""real"" game only exists outside these servers.Chiv is a mature game with a mostly skilled player base. Except to die a lot until you figure things out.The game doesn't do the best job of describing the nuances of its combat system.It's hard to describe just how much fun Chivalry's combat really is. Concepts from sport fencing such as distance control, initiative and tempo translate appropriately into the combat, but it's so much more than just that. You can manipulate your weapon in real time to speed up or slow down your attack, which means you can keep your opponent guessing with each blow. Land a couple fast attacks then quickly shift gears and slow down then watch the other guy struggle to keep up.You can also do things like contort your avatar's posture to force your opponent's attack to miss. He's trying to stab you in the face? You won't always need to parry. Lean back hard at the waist and watch his blade fly right over you. Load up an overhand while you're at it then chop into his head while you straighten back up.Like a lot of good games, you're given a set of capable tools then granted the freedom to learn how they work and apply them in action. It might sound like cheesy marketing lingo but there's so much expression in the way you play this game that each kill is profoundly satisfying.The best time to get into Chivalry was probably a couple years ago but you can still have a fun time online. Buy a copy with a friend during a sale and join the mayhem, just understand that it'll take some effort before you become competitive."
,Recommended,219640,28197070,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Xenilla,"Slash, stab, dice, Chop, n Burn. Here you will become either a hardened murderer or get PTSD from the amound of violence in this game, But absolutely fun! I reccomend this game for history lovers and those wanting a true thrill to a sword fight!"
76561198091897774,Recommended,219640,28650610,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,imSOsorryIDONTknowWHATCameOverme,"Easily one of the best games I have ever played. I hope to get up to level 60 and get over 1000 hours so I can teach others about game mechanics and be one of the better players. In this game, if you die you have to realize that it's YOUR fault. The drags, the rainbows, the different swing types make this game an absolutely astonishing masterpiece.Usually you start by joining team death match, and enjoy brutally decapitating the opposing team's members, and you get ganked by 2 players. You decided that you want to go knight class and you want to level up the mace category. You run up behind someone and stab them, and then with 1 swing you kill multiple players.You then see duel mode later on, and see that in 1v1s there is a lot more to the game than just wildly swinging like a savage. Your opponent swings, and you block instantly! Only to find out that they drag their swing to delay the attack and you're at half health. He turns away from you, and while you're standing there confused, he does a reverse overhead and takes off an arm.This is one of the best games that I have ever played BECAUSE there are so many aspects that go into a fight. First off, players will, more often than not, bow to initiate a duel. Most skilled players never feint because they see it as a cheap game mechanic (Seeing that it's a cancelanimation). There are some unwritten rules and codes of honor that belong soley to this game that really sell the title. Chivalry, as it's aptly named, has a lot in store and countless hours of gameplay with yourself and your friends that will make you wish that everybody played this game! Buy it now while there are still good players online (The game probably won't die until 2020). Join the amazing community and try to find a mentor that will teach you how to gitgud and learn to play this amazing game.TLDR: Why are you reading this, buy it!10/10"
76561198131049068,Not Recommended,219640,13580608,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mad Frenchie,"If you're looking for a game to sate that melee medieval PvP hunger..  Honestly, you're going to be disappointed.  This game has so many holes and flaws in its combat system, not even Ubisoft would release it onto the general public.You'll quickly learn that draggin, the most broken looking, unrealistic, stupid mechanic you've ever seen in a melee system reigns supreme.  Feinting, something based on RL melee combat techniques, is far inferior to simply moving your mouse wildly during attacks.  It's, quite frankly, stupid.  One of the pro ""techniques"" is to swing while looking directly upwards and crouching to avoid swings..  The end result is a character doll that looks like he has a horrid case of polio and is trying to hold up a sword.  Terrible.Deadliest Warrior, a DLC, has a much better combat system, yet it was an afterthought DLC made to cash in on a HIstory Channel show.  THAT should tell you something about how terrible the combat system in Chivalry is."
,Recommended,219640,11369348,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Caucasian,LMB LMB LMB
,Recommended,219640,12444034,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,3Tea,Very uniqueVery fun.You can also pretend you're stoning slaves with archer slings.STONE JEBUS
,Recommended,219640,7756244,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,autobro,"High skill ceiling with very simple controls. There isn't any other game with melee combat that gives you more direct control. Swinging feels weighted and satisfying. Every kill you get feels like you earned it. Combat is slow enough to let the player know exactly what's going on, but quick enough to feel frantic. You can be killed in an average of one to four hits, so every mistake you make feels like it's crushing. With all this, it's never unfair. It's easy to understand what you're doing wrong when you fail and what you did right when you succeed. It's that great balance and feedback you get from classics like Counter-Strike and Unreal Tournament.The developers even provided free content patches, including additional game modes and maps. There is a plethora of modes to choose from, ranging from objective maps to free for all, even including a duel mode for those whose emphasis is on the competitive nature of the game.The objective maps are interesting and unique but suffer from poor balance. Votekick is not hard to abuse if you get the server on your side. Some, but few weapons have balance issues in that they simply aren't as viable, despite being unique and fun.Overall solid game and very much worth picking up at its current price, but this game is frequently on sale around $7.50."
76561197982486331,Not Recommended,219640,13157994,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mog,"This seems to get worse over time.  Obtained several Veterans' helmets a while back, came back to it after a while, and I'm not sure what I saw in it in the first place.  Not horrible, but I don't recommend it."
,Recommended,219640,14128774,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,bloody flies,this game stole my levels for 80 hours.......other than that SMALL FAULT that is now fixed it is gr8 7/7 would meme again
,Not Recommended,219640,23430373,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,⊚,"So i purchased items with my own money and now i cannot use them because i need to purchase other games to unlock it in this one. Then why have items ingame that people cant use with your game???This is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ move. and♥♥♥♥♥♥be fixed with everyones money back that purchased those items that they cannot use. NO i will not buy another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game to get my sword!PROSits fun to a point(lvl15), need to adjust the sounds cuz the music and yelling rips your brain in 2.alot of bodies and nice scenes  and backgroungs.overall good graphics for the time this game came out.people are fun to play with not everyone is a♥♥♥♥♥♥CONSI dont reccomend this game, unless you can handle the lag, glitchy backswings, no good servers after lvl 15. waiting for your friend to get past lvl 15.  dying from 2 swings with a spear but cant kill anyone with your own god damn spear. and dont bother purchasing items they might make you buy another game to use them . . . . . . ."
,Recommended,219640,19264380,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ilovelife,its part of the game would waste my life again.also made me an alcoholic potheadedited for nomination badge
,Not Recommended,219640,33045628,Posted: 30 June,all,✭☆ CL Fon Mayson ☆✭,"This game looks to be really good... for the first 30-40min -_-I've received this game for free, and for a free game it is quite a nice thing, but it was some sort of a steamgive away and in fact this game is still not free. Moreover it's not even cheap, idk about other countries, but here this game have a price of CS:GO. But graphics there are bad, online is not enought and ""ranking system"" there is even more ♥♥♥♥ed up.Even during giveaway there was not so much people, it was hard to find a server with a normal ping and with at least some people in there. Basicy you either had noone to play with or there was a server full of people but your ping there is like 200 or more. And I'm having a good internet, so I can only imagen suffering of those people who are still having a ♥♥♥♥♥ier connection then mine.Gameplay...Well as you might've noticed that is a sort of medieval action where you are trying to cut each other with different medieval weapons. I've tried there several types of a match and each of them had a lost of problems.For example: starting from the most simpliest thing, DM (deathmatch).Respawn spots are randomly put around the map. So on big maps you most likely will have to run for like a minute before you will met an enemy (which most likely will instantly kill you), on a smal you can respawn either right near enemy who will instantly kill you, or even near a trap (yeah some maps having traps that are killing you) and if you respawning there -- you are dead. Enemies spawning behind you and everyone trying to hit you in back/ Even if you faced a guy ""face to face"", he will rather try to run away then take a fight. So DM is mostly either running for enemies who are trying to run away from you or dieing from behind (sometimes you can be killed in back while trying to reach your ""enemy"" that saw you, but♥♥♥♥♥♥himself and now running away.Some duel servers. A duel server could've solve that ""kill in back""/""run away"" problem, but it's kinda hard to find a good one since not much people online. But it is possible to get there. And when you will get there you are gonna face enother problem: ranks. Yes this game has some blocks on ranks (for example you can be too low to play on one or another server), but in fact that ""rank"" system means nothing. On duel servers most part of your enemies are going to be liveless nerds who've spend about 4-6k hours in this game. Sure you are not going to have any chances in such a duel. Starting from I guess lvl15-30 (do not remember for sure) almost all servers are opened. But there are no limits for higher ranks. So you will not see people of lvl10 on lvl15 server, but you might see there lvl60-70 people what is making that rank system useless. Rank system there made not to make fights more equal, it was made there to show how unequal your fight is going to be. Yeah duel servers having a new players aswel, but most part of them are leaving such duel servers quite fast since they just can't play against those... humanalike live forms.Another one game mode that've tried was a sort of assault on a fortress. But this is like a simlator of run. You are running form one spot to get rekt on another one and then you should run again cuz spawn points are alwasy too way far from a place of action. Yeah if you are good then you probobly wouldn't have to run that much, but then you will have to wait until enemy will run to you cuz not much people in there too.And ofcourse a bit about donation. This game actually having some sort of skins that you should buy for irl money. They are not giving you eny extra stats, but they are looking so much better then basic  models... like if they are compleatly from the other game about knights. And it's not like if they are so awesome, it's just default looks aweful. Someone can say that it's just a matter of taste, but I'm not talking about design, it's just textures are a way better. How they look like, how they are working with lights and etc.So the overall situation is:Average gameplay that is ruined by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ inplementation♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics (animation and phisics what you can see when you are cutting someone is good tho)Very limited online (not enought people online, not enought servers with enought good ping and not enought people of equal skill).Good that game was free for me, bad that I still can't return my time."
76561198129700448,Recommended,219640,25182880,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Tantarboy,Monty python simulator
76561198043442986,Recommended,219640,30181118,Posted: 25 February,all,El Zorro [-Łord-],"So many bad reviews lately. Look, Chiv is a strange game, you either love it or hate it.Yes, the first 15 levels will be the most fun you ever had, mindlessly swinging your sword around and getting kills in a server filled with people of your own level of experience. But after that, it's time to put on your big boy pants.Chiv doesn't hold your hand, Chiv doesn't sugar coat. It puts you in front of a bunch of more experienced players, and you are going to die. But it is your decision, do you give up, get frustrated and turn down the game, or do you stand around, and give enough that one day you will be equally skilled?.At the end of the day, that is what Chiv is, skill, pure and simple. You can call it exploits, you can call it hacking, but the truth is that you don't understand the game mechanics, and all of those ""exploits"" can be avoided, can be coutered.Yes, Chiv is far from perfect, but it is unique, and has been for a long time, and the line that separates the good and the bad is really defined, that's why a lot of new players are turn down from the game.I spent my whole playtime in a server among level 40+, ever since I was level 10. I've died a million times, and now I am level 42, and still got a lot to learn, I don't regret any of the 463 hours spent here."
,Recommended,219640,9482867,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Chasroth,"I stabbed a man in the foot with a mace. His head exploded. Game of the year, every year."
,Recommended,219640,13031548,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Portable,Played footballl with my dead body's head.9.7/10
,Not Recommended,219640,7935859,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Mahad.,Why is there stamina bar when you can like kill someone when you're out of stamina?  Even Dark Souls had better combat than this PoS.
76561197993684322,Recommended,219640,18564614,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Oilystool,"So at roughly 400 hundred hours played I am neither a left button mashing noob or a rainbow swinging killing machine. Which means I have good days and days my head spends more time on the floor then it does on my shoulder. But at 400 hours I have no plan to stop playing. There is something about the game which brings me back over and over. That is why I can recommend this game, but It is a game which is not for everyone.First lets start with what is good about this game. Firstly the game becames hard after level 15,bloody hard. I have been a gamer since before the 8 bit era where games like Ghost and Goblin taught you how to cure up a storm based on how hard it bloody was. Chivarlry can be difficult in that way but rewarding once you start to improve your ability as a warrior. In many ways Chivalry is really like the sword of warfare it tries to recreate. The swordsman who spends hours and hours in the courtyard,dueling and fighting will be the guy who steps on to the battle field and destorys his enemies. While a peasent who is jst handed a pitchfork while me face in the grounds in no time flat. So being a good swordsman requires practice and learning the techniques. Its time intensive sure,but that first time you fight an opponant and keep up with him parry,for parry and finally best him with a move he did no expect is really rewarding. There are frankly game mechanics i really dislike and feel should be taken out,like rainbow hits for instance, but once your learn the timing behind such hits,it becomes easier to parry and counter. Like i said before,the game is hard but if you have the paitience it can be very rewarding. Classwise I honestly feel there are no real imbalances,every class,if played by a skilled player can wreck me on any particular occasion.Good players exploting the right situation can own with any class in this game. Graphically the game looks good after 3 years and the overall look is changing due to promotions and workshop items. The sounds and voice acting are both brilliant and hilarious. I love the feel and difficulty of this game and its why I still play.And now for the bad. The game,has a Chivalric code you need to follow. If your ping is over 100 expect to be kicked,ping has an an impact on battle,so stick to low ping servers. Try not to hit your teammates and if you,or even manage to accidently kill them apologize. Its what I do and 99% of the time players will handle it graciously. If someone is a♥♥♥♥♥♥to you,just ignore it and move on. Its just a game and you are play with people of all ranges of maturity and certain players will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  Stick to this code and you will be ok. People say this game has a toxic community, so do others, but this game makes it easy to troll people and that can make it worse for some players.Then there is the learning curve, if you want to be good and fast,this isnt the game for you. It takes time to become a good fighter and maybe some players dont want to invest it. In chivalry there are many many good players,who will go medieval on your♥♥♥♥♥and it can be frustrating to lose over and over,but learning the mechanics is what level 0-15 are importantly about,come to think it it,0-61 is about learning how to fight. Some mechanics as well such are dragging,feinting and rainbow attacks new players find annoying and cheap, but its the fact of life in Chiv, you can learn to counter them and learn to do them as well.Thats the game in a nutshell. Medieval warfare was a cruel and bloody affair and only the fittest and fastest make it out alive. If you want a challanging,fun game this is one for you. If you want quick and easy there are many other games you would enjoy instead."
,Recommended,219640,15007280,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,cas,xx2 xx2 xx2 xx2 xx2 xx2 xx2 xx2 xx2 xx2 xx2
,Recommended,219640,8111966,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Kaet,"Once was an excellent game, but since the developers don't mind with experienced players, gets worse every update.Still worth buying while on sale. Gather your weapons and have some fun cutting some heads :D"
76561198063414622,Recommended,219640,20574623,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,nice badge dickhead,this game veri skill based sometime you parry and sometime attack sometime press q on attack to make them do the parry but u no hit haha they look silly veri skill based did i mention that already haha well have fun gl
76561197971151297,Recommended,219640,9820160,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,FatCatAttack,Come play with me my lord.
76561198006568104,Not Recommended,219640,17769422,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Morgoth,"For more reviews and gameplay videos by Morgoth, check out the profile or the Twitch channel attwitch.tv/morgoth0221Had a big long review written for this.  Before I could save it, steam glitched and deleted it.  So to shorten this up:  Great gameplay.  Visceral combat.  Decapitations rule.  Terrible community.  Higher level players have learned how to take advantage of the combat system in a way that really doesn't adhere to the developer's design intentions, and use this advantage to mercilessly beat newer players relentlessly with no chance of counterattack.  Example:  bending their character's spine backwards by swinging in a particular way so that horizontal attacks will always miss but they are still able to hit other players. (No salt here. I promise.)  Higher level players will ""stack"" teams against newer players to beat the hell out of them since there is no skill autobalancing.  Even going so far as to votekick any low levels, or if that fails, teamkill them until they leave.Perfect example of a great idea for a game with great implementation, ruined by a terrible community.  Oh well.  AGATHA FOREVER!!!"
76561198208956857,Not Recommended,219640,32096964,Posted: 31 May,all,Weaponized Meme,Game where sweaty neckbeards exploit the engine and think they're good and ♥♥♥♥♥ when you kill them. idk pretty fun game.
,Not Recommended,219640,13031286,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Boose,The developers are incompetent.
,Recommended,219640,14042551,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Novibear,MELEE of duty! until someone brings a crossbow and other projectiles.To be honest I can barely run this and as of now i'd still have to recommend because I have played this at a net party and it was a blast!
,Recommended,219640,548171,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Betty Bea,"This game is great. Relatively easy to pick up and takes quite a while to get good.No upgrades other than weapons (Power/Reach), so it is largely skill-based and not pay-to-win."
76561198355660059,Recommended,219640,30417751,Posted: 9 March,all,_Fesh,10/10 retaking the motherland
76561198019259862,Not Recommended,219640,20373400,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Fox with a Shotgun,"Pros:+ Quick and fun to playCons:- Awkward damage modeling; slow strikes do as much damage as fast ones, and bending matrix-style to swing a polearm can hit someone behind you (when physically it should not be even possible to do this). The end and start of weapon swings do full damage, even though physically this should result in minimal damage due to low momentum.- Rough around the edges; approaching a ramp from the side can cause you to get stuck in the air. Many other bugs present in the game.- Awkward hit registration. Strikes that LOOK like they should connect do not connect. Strikes from the side sometimes connect with a shield even when there is nothing in the way.Verdict: 4/10. It's quick, bloody and fun. But if you are looking for a realistic medieval combat simulation, this is not your game. It's also littered with janky animations and weird bugs all around. And once you have left the noob servers, be prepared for the onslaught of veteran players who know how to abuse 'dragging' (delaying or speeding up swings to catch you off-guard) to ridiculous levels, as well as those who know how to abuse the terrible animations to contort their character's body to dodge weapons in physically impossible ways. Infinitely frustrating when there are these players in the game; and in all honesty, if a game is frustrating to no end because of its broken mechanics which people abuse, then there is probably little point to playing it for fun. Because unless you have some masochistic tendencies, and you enjoy dying a million times over to bug abusers, then you will not find this game fun. YMMV."
,Recommended,219640,13455421,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,iiToshi,Heads fly. Blood Soars. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,16416400,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Fireflz,"If you like sword and stuffs games, such as Skyrim (if you don't use magics), and if you like it to play online... then you must buy this game,it features almost like Skyrim stuff(and when i say Skyrim stuff, means swords, axe, not magics)such as:>Sword>Axe>Greatsword>Shields>Crossbow>Bow.>AND EXTRA GORES AND BLOODS!!anyway, no other comments, just buy this game and let the fun & gore begins! haohaoaohaohoh, one more thing. This game is powered by Unreal Engine so graphics is sweet!"
,Recommended,219640,10471941,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,"Noodle ""REB"" (лапша)",Best Medieval game out there.
,Recommended,219640,8625400,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Wes,This game is so addicting! This and the deadliest warrior dlc are both highly recommended! :)
,Recommended,219640,7852501,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,rev bev,u shud buy this gamey u mey ask?wel let me tel uths game is probly the best gaem ive ever bought and i can tel u now ur sons sons wil b playin this game becaus of is replayability so u may aswel buy it now to save u buyin it later rite
,Recommended,219640,2132799,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Shredon,This game makes me madThats how you know its fun.
,Recommended,219640,10171184,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,BaconVizion,This game is just awesome.
,Recommended,219640,1421662,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Sandworms,it's cheap and fun!
76561198064839653,Recommended,219640,10547600,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,meme cowboy,"Screaming, buring, mutilated corpses. 420/10"
76561198110566606,Recommended,219640,8234879,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Booduh Baybay,"This is an awesome game!Even on the lowest of graphics settings, it still look fantastic.The Multiplayer is also nice. There may only be a few classes to choose from without the DLC pack, but they have many different weapons, armor, and special items to choose from. The controls are pretty basic.LMB- First AttackMWU- Second AttackMWD- Third AttackRMB- Block/parryCtrl- CrouchSpace- JumpShift- Sprint.There are plenty of game types and maps to keep everyone happy. Some of the basic game types are Duel Mode, Capture the Flag, Eliminate the enemy, attack and defend, king of the Hill, etc.Overall, I'd give this game a rating of around 9.0/9.5 I love it!"
,Recommended,219640,51040,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Lawie,"If this game had an actual singleplayer adventure game, this might be something worthy of your time. Unfortunately this is only a multiplayer game. Even though it is only a MP game, it is still very fun to play. The dynamics and combat system is quite detailed and finetuned. Especially the decapitations is exciting to watch. (even if they are from your own body). Buy it! Play it! Enjoy it!"
76561197960468900,Recommended,219640,10683749,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Scooter,"If you enjoy decapitating people, and being furious 95% of the time as your head is then also removed... this is the one."
,Recommended,219640,8165789,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Jack,"This game, what can I say? Decapitations, the constant onslaught of castles and making you knight look pimpin!BUY IT NOW!"
76561198077101878,Recommended,219640,10582968,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Its pronounced gif not gif,Made me want to go out and start beating people with my fists till their head exploded10/10
,Recommended,219640,8112182,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,GreyWolf035,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare mixes first person action and medieval combat perfectly. Gameplay is fun and feels like real swordplay. Controls are simple, and the tutorial explains everything nicely."
,Recommended,219640,11509476,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,DePa,"Good:GameplayDedicated serverMod support (custom maps)PriceAverage:GraphicsMapsBad:TranslationThe gameplay of this game is quite complex: it's not as simpe as pressing a button to kill the enemy, you need to aim well to avoid enemy defense, and to time carefully your attacks and blocks. Definitively a fun game."
,Recommended,219640,11510647,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,xnorb,"The most frustrating game i've played in ages without being unfair to the playerand that's what makes it soooo good. Challenge = satisfaction = fun.Exccept some expected weird behaviors with high pingers (votekick gets handled in an astonishingly mature way) it all boils down to skill. If you die it's because you did something wrong.No surpression, no random deviation, no spray, no hand holding, no nothing. You do something wrong, you die. Period."
,Recommended,219640,288070,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Garbol,I just like cutting people.
,Recommended,219640,10939280,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MrWilson7322,"The game is fun to play, the developer keeps updates coming and the DLC is fun."
76561198057044483,Recommended,219640,6004614,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Blood_SHOT21,One of the most intense and fun multiplayer games ive ever played in my life!!
76561198013868820,Recommended,219640,10949404,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Major Dingus,I seem to have lost my head
,Recommended,219640,10924645,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Serious,Shot a man in the head.Watched his helmet fly off as he dismembered me.1/2 would lose other arm.
76561198129189721,Recommended,219640,10967637,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,forbesy180,great game!
,Recommended,219640,8790355,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,AndreyATGB,Sound effects make it worth it 10/10
,Recommended,219640,30384920,Posted: 7 March,all,Stoked,"This game either makes me have a blast, or make me want to rip out teeth with my bare hands. When playing this game with friends in pub matches, or privately in duels, it can be amazing! But playing in privately owned servers, and in public dueling servers is probably the most frustrating thing I have ever done. Due to the immensely BS hitboxes, people are able to spin around with a downward slash and hit you up to 3 times in one swing depending on their sensitivity. The game is full of total BS ballerina tactics that will enrage anyone to no end. I have never laughed and screamed so much as a game to this date. But besides that, the game is fun with friends in pub matches, or in private duel queues with eachother.Kinda Lit Game."
,Recommended,219640,11214956,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,CawkSlappa,Most realistic Medieval type PVP game imo.
76561198123885276,Not Recommended,219640,10607982,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Blackwatch,"I feel compelled to wright a review of this because this SHOULD be a good game.The concept and play style of this game are great. The objective matches are fun, ffa is a blast, and team deathmatch is excellent. However you will quickly get over the fun of cleaving heads and arms from bodies when you try to improve your skills. Thats where things get frustrating.There is some skill required to time your stikes and parrys correctly and that is an excellent dynamic, however, it all really comes down to your ping, and your enemies ping in the end. You will freqiently see your arrows pass through others, blows that land, but dont, and you'll be beheaded by enemies that are not even swinging their weapons. The differences between how you perceive your moves and how the sprites perform are sluggish as best. This makes the combat clunky and hard to use, and you find quickly that there are a few weapons and classes that make buttonmashing an easy way to accidentally kill others.Don't buy this game, maybe someday, some studio will make a great melee battle game but it pains me to say this isn't it. you'll have a few hours of fun maybe but then your left wanting more and wondering why this isn't early access or alpha build."
,Recommended,219640,11647040,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,BustyKnuckles,Fun but sometimes glitchy :P BUT SOO FUN
76561198006610664,Recommended,219640,12042099,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,BedlamDCLXVI,Awesome if you like medievil warfair
,Recommended,219640,11838904,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Tomzai,Got killed by guy name Hiv10/10 goty
,Recommended,219640,11896761,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Spookydude69,Dumb and fun :3
76561198013745893,Recommended,219640,10579873,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,God Awful.,"Had a conversation with someone using voice commands while battling an onslaught of bloodthirsty knights10/10 would do againPS.  If you're not playing this game right now you are pigeon-livered... and you lack any gull.Oh, and in regards to the DLC.  STAY AWAY FROM IT♥♥♥♥♥♥GAMEAWFUL COMMUNITYworse than Call of Duty community."
,Recommended,219640,8212021,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,rockit1985,this game is awesome for chopping people!
76561198080039154,Recommended,219640,10434065,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,BurntPyro,the game is just overalll fun.
,Recommended,219640,77238,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,¡¡¡ -,Bring yr Street Fighter footsies.
,Recommended,219640,10194718,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Roderick,BEST GAME EVER
76561198077040001,Recommended,219640,11889891,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,|KotNA|BrokenPyro,For the glory of Agatha!!!
76561198049560998,Recommended,219640,8524699,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Silverstein,"Only played this game for about 2 hours and already I'm hooked. No ""catching-up"" or being behind from all the people who've been playing this game for awhile.  Playing with friends is always entertaining... And playing with several makes the game that much more rewarding. Definitely worth the money paid!"
,Recommended,219640,579848,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,[mXc]The Deviot,"I blogged in my full review athttp://commaeightcommaone.wordpress.com/2013/07/29/chivalry-medieval-warfare-review/But suffice it to say, it's pretty great. It's a spin on the Battlefield formula with class based gameplay across DM, TDM, and Rush styled modes. But instead of battling with 1940's, 1960's or contemporary weaponry you are thrust into the middle ages. Swords, pole weapons, spears, slings, arrows, clubs, and axes are the mainstays. Fights result in enough dismemberment to make Ed Boon blush. There is no hitscan either, as you will have to get used to aiming your swings, keeping combatants in front of you, and leading targets (in the event you picked archer). Even blocks have to be aimed, and spammers will be too tired to defend themselves. Field weapons like catapults can be manned too. In objective rush modes you get to burn down food supplies, villages, and poison water supplies with plague infected corpses. In short, This game is awesome, and despite it's lower visual fidelity, can easily outclass many AAA games in terms of fun factor."
,Recommended,219640,11560657,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Mr.EGM,"this game is a very good medieval game, it's kinda like an upgraded version of War of the roses and mount and blade. so 7/10"
76561197996175454,Recommended,219640,11644045,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,RoyalRope,FOR THE ORDER!!!10/10
,Recommended,219640,2708914,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Adrenaline,"Если вам нравятся фильмы, где массовкой дерутся на мечах, а со стороны летят стрелы и вам всегда хотелось в этом поучаствовать, то эта игра для вас! Здесь есть оборона замка как и нападение на него, или например всем знакомый командный бой на выживание. Но при всём этом, здесь это выглядит очень реалистично! Тут вам и расчленёнка с морем трупов и крови, тут вам и хорошо сбалансированное оружие с командной тактикой(если конечно кто-то будет её соблюдать). Ну, а так вполне годное сетевое рубилово=)"
,Recommended,219640,8217174,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,korthuran ♥ [ℱ|ℭ],Best $6 I ever spent.
,Not Recommended,219640,18605986,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SubjectSeven,Your game is ♥♥♥♥ed. Simply put
,Recommended,219640,15098367,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,boston,your mother is dryer than a buiscuit on a long voyage!-famous last words of down syndrome warrior
76561198013983101,Recommended,219640,2879147,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,Roadman,"A really fun game, I suggest for you to buy this game if it's in a sale."
,Recommended,219640,16097790,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,i Mexican't,I have only played it for 9 hours and I have bought it. It is one of the best games I have ever played I have suggested it to all of my friends!
,Recommended,219640,578002,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,B Vitamin,"Fun to play, easy to get into and absolutely hilarious, especially with friends but as much fun as decapitating people with a warhammer is, if you're looking for something more than just killing people it's probably not for you."
,Recommended,219640,16605397,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jazzy Jamboree,"Best (armed) melee combat I have ever played. The Deadliest Warriors DLC kind of overshadows the vanilla game for me, at least. Fighting with period warriors from all ages is really awesome. Definitely worth the money."
76561198082242069,Recommended,219640,8223397,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,thirdbladez,Despite it is a little disbalanced and have some bugs the game is awesome!!!I had long time to play a game on its kind and have soem much fun.i really recomend this game!!!
,Recommended,219640,8777192,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,A Concerned Citizen,"Rock-slinging, peasant-slashing fun time."
,Recommended,219640,2627653,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Ellikand,One of the best multiplayer games I've played.
,Recommended,219640,11147681,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Stoli,It's kind of like dust II but different
,Recommended,219640,9857892,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Kcribbin,"Great medieval fights, complete with bows, arrows, axes, swords, and spears. Also serves as a great apologizing simulator.10/10, would apologize again."
,Recommended,219640,8335246,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Katostrofik,"One of the few games where I really don't mind dying. The voices are hilariously gruesome, the gameplay is fun, and as others have said; you can get the basics down in minutes, but it takes a longggggg time to master the combat in this game."
76561198080643135,Recommended,219640,6959293,"Posted: 15 February, 2013",all,Charlie Scene,I love this game
,Recommended,219640,18514196,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,buddhist jew,"punched a knight with a steel helmet, blew up his head10/10"
76561198061047091,Not Recommended,219640,14072904,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sam Redpath,"Well, I first got this game about a month ago and honestly I absolutely loved it, so much fun and I wasnt half bad at it. Really enjoyable game would have recommended to anyone. Then you hit level 15. Now after this, it changes into a completely different game. You are no longer classed as a ""Low rank"" anymore andhave to play with anyone level 16 onwards, this goes up  to atleast thelevels 50's. The thing is yes they are betetr skilled players, but these players also use gamebreaking glitches such as moves where you hit twice in one swing and crouch and just do inhumane movements in order to kill you. I know its a game but this total ruins the realism, It just doesnt feel playable when people are killing you for kills that dont even exist, its like why should I play. Also another problem is that the servers do not seem to be as supported from level 15 onwards and are not official anymore, thereforethe hosts etc are laggier, making the game solid to play, I have people stab me from large distances just because the game does not feel catered for and I lag in most game, and I have good interent speeds and a really good computer. But generally it is just annoying all those people who spend so many horus in this game are are good but nothing to compete with doing all these stupid moves. I keep trying to come back to this game but I just cant get back into it. 10/10 till you hit level 15, 2/10 onwards. Sort out these glitches and problems and it should not be a problem anymore."
,Recommended,219640,10856862,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sgt.Stank,"Dis Game is fun, get it"
,Not Recommended,219640,17216253,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,sponsored by pepsi,very clunky and poopy
76561198055309796,Recommended,219640,13065026,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,WinterSplinterM.II,"It's a really fun game! The combat is complex and requires a lot of skill if you want to be good at it. You may be able to kill one person even if you are not good but if you want to kill 3 people at once, you need to really learn how to play.The game modes are interesting. You have your typical free-for-all, teamdeathmatch etc. BUT you also have a teamobjective game mode which has multiple different objectives on how to win the game.If you do not learn how to block correctly, people will hit you through your block and it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Archers are probably the hardest classess to kill with and they usually are on the bottom of the lists. What also sucks is sometimes how you get groupkilled by three knights and a man-at-arms. That happens a lot and if you don't like that in games, it won't be any better in this either.I haven't noticed any connectivity issues or framerate problems.A big minus for the game is that there are a lot of people who teamkill on purpose. You also get hit by your teammates either by on accident or on purpose."
,Recommended,219640,13865631,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Hammersti3n,well must say its great fun but i tend to keep having my head cut off . so now i just run away and get  TEAM KILLEDSpend most of my time luaghing at how bad i amgo on get it and enjoy loosing body parts monty python style :)
76561198074372627,Recommended,219640,15274115,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,OneArmedClown,Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is an amazing game. It is one of my most favorite games. The fighting system is great and mostly balanced. It is fun to play with friends and with random people. It is easy to learn.Pros:Easy to learn gameplay.YOU GET BREAK PEOPLE'S HEADS WITH A LEAD BALL SHOT FROM A SLING.Good graphics.Access to Steam Workshop.Cons:Some server issues.The leveling system is ok at best.8/10 Rating.
76561198079507937,Recommended,219640,13422051,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,TheyCallMeNasty,ARGHHHH I just stuck my arm in thee♥♥♥♥♥hole then dropped my holy nut sack on thee for head. Why thou sucketh thee nuts so softly. 10/10
76561198023066143,Recommended,219640,20155299,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ℛℴ₮|| LevelBoo,Very good
,Recommended,219640,19922400,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Pnew,thus timoth and thou killuth meuth
,Recommended,219640,20140047,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,nL.toxicONE,"Great combat system, nice graphs, but you get bored after playing this for more than 3 hours, but still, i do recommend this game, if you want a game to have fun with your friends, you just found one."
,Recommended,219640,19987153,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mink Ass,The sound of Men yelling at each and slashing their heads off. The sweet sound of blood dripping from their splines.. Yes
,Recommended,219640,20035897,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,QuimbyDogg,I recently picked this game up on sale and have been extremely happy with it.  The well developed combat system leads to fun battles (it is much more than just spam attack).  Great Braveheart simulator.  Team objective game mode is where it is at.
76561198066879165,Recommended,219640,8173804,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Theshrink,This is a pretty sweet game. It is superdetailled and very realistic. The combat can somtimes be a bit wacky but most of the times it is very good. The maps are all different and the gametypes are very fun.
,Recommended,219640,20137876,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Trouvo,"Hilarious fun, its like Counter Strike but with Swords, including but not limited to objective based maps such as defending/attacking a castle, free for all, team deathmatch, team round based elimination and you can even end up playing as the king for the defensive objective and try to survive lol.  It definitely takes some practice to do very well in the game, but that is as it should be with any game. I would only avoid this one if you are someone who gets butt hurt really easily, it is really easy to accidentally hit and/or kill a teammate, so if you can't understand that and will rage, better just play something that does not have friendly fire lol."
,Recommended,219640,20137978,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Taabi,"Wanna hear a joke?Ranged weapons!...buggy tutorial, still a good game, though. 8/10"
,Recommended,219640,8474345,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Nello,Yes
,Recommended,219640,20210893,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mašina,its fun cutting heads off
,Recommended,219640,14001388,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,the grind,"I have played this game and tbh it was fun while it lasted. I reached rank 20 and started to not have fun after 15. Thats because after you reach rank 15 all the fun low rank servers, you cant play on. Most the time after rank 15 you are doing duels. NOTE TO THE DEVS some more servers like the low rank ones"
,Recommended,219640,20216058,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Morjoh,"I bought it with 90% discount, the game is worth it."
76561198148357042,Recommended,219640,20163415,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,wh OPENSKINS.COM CSGOGem.com,LOL
,Recommended,219640,20144123,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ForkStorm,AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!
76561198050976637,Recommended,219640,10917923,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Zernitire (ジョー),I think its good.
,Not Recommended,219640,20259876,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1A2RIWpm18this was in another person's review and I'm adding it to mine as well because this is quite literally what every player in the top 4 on the scoreboard is doing. Either they have the claymore as a vanguard or the messer as the knight and they spin, drag, and crouch overhead to victory. If you try to use a spear to outrange the spin spam you will be feinted no less than 4 times in a row until you block. Not to mention for a fast player there is no penalty for messing up a feint. If a person is feint spamming me and i just try to attack them during their wind up, they can just feint the attack and immediately block my thrust anyway. If you have a friend have him take the spear with you and just stab the spazztastic ""pro"" players in the back when they go for your friend. Pretty much the only way you have fun in this game now. Or you learn to use the messer, claymore, or maul. If you are PURE cancer you could even do man at arms holy water and combo forever through their blocks. That one is my favorite.Non-sarcasm: don't get this. It will not be over quickly. You will not enjoy this."
,Recommended,219640,5168627,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Zveir,"This game is flat out STUPID FUN. It's that type of comedic fun that never gets old, I really recommend giving this a go!"
76561198032616815,Not Recommended,219640,11067098,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Roflaround,"This game suffers from a few things that make it a miss.The biggest problem is severe lag. Every game has inconsistent lagging in the gameplay and you constantly find your attacks have no effect on enemies while theirs come straight through, regardless of which weapon you use. Blocking hardly works either. I have never had a problem while playing online heaps on other games (Battlefield, Left 4 Dead etc) yet this one is always a shambles.There are alot of teamkilling trolls too, they are unavoidable. Why they dont turn friendly fire off or have auto bans for too many teamkills to disappoint them is beyond me.The weapon attacks are bit chunky online too but this isnt present when playing training offline.There are basically no servers for the expansion and no one is on the few that are there (money grubbing add on).Every time this game comes out like this░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Chivalry ░░▐▄▄▄▀ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Recommended,219640,19979683,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bob,Get killed by teamateTap teamate on the shoulderGet kicked for damaging teamates
,Recommended,219640,14771738,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,R0GUE,Really good (fun) midieval combat. Blocking can be a little unrealistic at times though.
76561198135756672,Recommended,219640,21634841,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,sbobo3113,Chivalry Medival Warfare: Is A Game About First Person Combat.  The Game Is Online With Peaple On Servers.  There Are Different game Modes Upgrades And More.  The Game Feature Physics Based Combat That Plays pretty Well.  It Features Seconary attacks And Primary Aswell as Different  characters  Suck as Archer And Swordsmen and more.    The graphics Are Okay But Nothing Special But Still Good.   Gameplay is Fun Execpt When Trolls Come In On Servers On Your Own teamates Try to Kill You ):  There Are Also Objectives On Some game modes on Servers Witch you Have to protect Special object/Buildings.Overall The Game Is 9/10 Still Needs A few Fixes But still a Very Fun Game.
76561198202157296,Recommended,219640,21635257,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,(NFG)Boogiebro,Badass
,Recommended,219640,21640848,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,.ĐĿ. Moon ☾,"Great game, It contains some of the most skilled combat that's insane to master but once you understand the concept, it will be on of your most enjoyable game.+ Atmosphere of the Middle Ages+ Large selection of medieval weapons+ Not pay to win+ Interesting combat mechanicsIt's a good and fun game worth the price."
76561198073366036,Recommended,219640,21650386,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,R_uotanen,Nice game!
,Recommended,219640,21650560,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DukeEagle,meh
,Recommended,219640,21652626,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SluttyEwok,Yes
76561198120354206,Recommended,219640,21659173,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Cent,GOOD GAME PEOPLE JUST COMPLAINING THAT THIS WASNT THAT REALISTIC LMAO
,Recommended,219640,21673405,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Anthony,There is nothing more fun then being an annoying♥♥♥♥♥Man-At-Arms poking the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of knights who think they're all that.
76561198126628308,Recommended,219640,21438255,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,CroakusMaximus,"was better than I thought it would be, though I think ranged combat needs a little work"
,Recommended,219640,17443877,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Jiggles,"Fun, but gets stale."
76561198089464981,Recommended,219640,21560577,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,C1over,I like making my friends angry with op weapons. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,14309715,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Barrabus,"It's a great game!There are a lot of weapons to choose from like the classic swords, axes, maces or bows. You can wield these more or less powerful weapons to kill your enemys, complete objectives or like the most other players will do, kill your teammades in the mostdeadliestannoying way you can even imagine. Best Teamkill simulator ever!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2C9Ysaad-U"
76561198062563605,Recommended,219640,21449453,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,burk,"Really fun game, especially with friends!! :)"
,Recommended,219640,19112837,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,alexb,"Great game, and a decent online community. Love the assault, last standing, and team deathmatch modes."
,Recommended,219640,18553186,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mighty Pizza Turtle(: ),EPIC AF
76561198120724674,Not Recommended,219640,21594745,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,craigsterkidster,"If you like dying and never  EVER being able to survive even a ♥♥♥♥ing second near an enemy, try this. This game wouldn't be as horrid if people playing it were ranked and can only fight those within their rank, many enemies just attack randomly and win the fight that i strategically plan during the fight like any sensible person."
76561198028143706,Recommended,219640,3852888,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,stanleystanleystanleySTANLEYstan,AGAAAATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRR
,Recommended,219640,10168977,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,fladderdån,AWSOME GAME! I RECOMMEND THIS 100%!
,Recommended,219640,19385114,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mighty8ight,"This game should be remade in ww 2 format, with HD graphics"
,Recommended,219640,2644268,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,Kr0gd0g,So Much fun! :D
,Recommended,219640,3472598,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,I-19 Iku #Ikea,We enjoy this .. Fun! :D
76561198117394110,Recommended,219640,14288014,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Smullo,"Ah, Chivalry...Playeth this very game for many an hour haveth I. The clock's stretched hand have did many a spin as I while away the daylight hour, swooping and swinging my edged arm from sunrise to sunset, departing soddon heads from lascivious shoulders with an honorable chop. 'Tis wholesome pleasure indeed.Though, this game is something to be said imperfect, as a foul mention must be presented to the boxes of hits, connections of stability which dost lack, and 'faultless fools' who folly and kick fine warriors with their heel of their buckled boot for only expressing worthy valor. Aye, indeed, thee plebians of society do dwell here, and in many a number, but in my digression I implore that is't no fault of thy blacksmith of this game.Myself dost play like a loning wolf for a large fraction o' the clock, butting-foreheads with numerous other like-witted steel-draggers who slash and maim for the highest throne at the end of the count, but if you mirror yourself being all-for-one and one-for-all there is't object'th mode for thou in which colours dost not run.Witted brains may be needed too, as slashing and hacking like a weary wench will not earn thou a dearer estimation but a staple of a fool who is not worth the wag of a beard. Firstly you must straighten the curve as an apprentice of the sword, then you will truly be worthy of shaking the shackles of many a foe on the battlefield. Dragging, ducking, feinting... indeed all take many twists of the wrist whilst thine own digits clutch the hourglass to masterfully use. In that instance, I beg of thee to devote thyself to the art of war in hope thou 'twould be an artist who floods deep colours amongst thine own canvas.O this game dost not plague me, it reinvigorates my humours and allows me to deeply gasp the air of surprising skill it dost hold. My obtaining of this game: regretteth I not. If thou has any gold pieces jangling within their codpiece, O' I advise, place them here."
,Recommended,219640,7500985,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,ZuLu,AAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!Tis' but a flesh wound!
76561198116071952,Recommended,219640,19577504,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Starqueefa,The combat in here is pretty legit. Smash and bash. It's like a Medieval Team Fortress 2.
76561198097939477,Not Recommended,219640,16094081,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Krokus74,"Very Bad game, i have a good computer but in medium graphics i play 20 fps. The resolution is max. 2k i have a 5k monitor, but i cannot use full performance. Lat thing the game get stucks a lot."
,Recommended,219640,19267925,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Darkcode,"Good fun with plenty of action.  Get going right away and learn the basics.  Easy to play but extremely hard to master, its fun for all levels.  The only down side i see so far is all ""pay to upgrade"" crap.  Don't get me wrong tho, its still plenty of fun without buying into all the extras.  Lots of servers and game types to check out so give it a go."
,Not Recommended,219640,8236413,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Artfuldodging,It doesn't even work for gods sake.
,Recommended,219640,10946203,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,-Chatyak-,Much fun. Very excite. Lots blood.
76561198079597844,Recommended,219640,20003217,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Xyno,"played a little bit, its ok"
,Recommended,219640,8871303,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,TheHegemon,Awesome game! Really recommend this one!
76561198089708273,Recommended,219640,20011968,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ImSidra,Very fun!
76561198207622611,Recommended,219640,18442297,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Sweety Weed,this game is really good its has like advanced tactics and drag i recommended you guys to buy this game and learn how to drag and defense 10/10
76561198013049752,Recommended,219640,17410308,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,DeathMetalBurrito,One of the funniest games I ever played.The gameplay is very interesting and the mods makes the game hilarious.I recommend it if you are a fan RPGs who would like to test their fighting skills against other people.
76561198029825169,Recommended,219640,11735690,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Lord Bjorns,this game doesn't launch for me so bad game good effort tho10/10
76561198114386631,Recommended,219640,16569743,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,scampy,"yes, m'lord. 11/10 for RoH"
76561198068159382,Recommended,219640,7484413,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,the Jews,If you like chopping off limbs then buy this.
,Recommended,219640,19916184,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Male2Female (On Estrogen),The Best $2.79 CAD spent on a game. There's so much hundreds more hours to be enjoyed. That's amazing value for the price. You'd be an idiot not to scoop up this game for 90% discount. The negative reviews are people who have 500+ hours and just overally nit picky.
76561198126048384,Recommended,219640,19202965,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,MightyLoaf,Great game one of the best knight games I've ever played
,Recommended,219640,19848004,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,NAJS,Big fan!
76561197997698036,Recommended,219640,12606705,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Mamel,
,Recommended,219640,19915395,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mufflin,You need to practise a lot to be a good player but you can still have fun at any level. Stick to the new player only servers at first and learn the basic moves.For £2 it's a steal.
,Recommended,219640,19915778,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Red Duke,"Great game, Zweihander OP"
,Recommended,219640,19728587,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Nooberer,Very nice medieval warfare simulator. 10/10.
76561198120678055,Recommended,219640,19882883,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Roger The Shrubber,"As someone who played this game for 116 hours (as of now), I have an extensive knowledge of the game mechanics and how to properly play this game. I find that this game does have something of a learning curve, as the timing mechanisms that feature so prominently in this game, while intuitive, can be difficult to wrap your head around at the start. The community in general is very nice and mostly helpful, except for their repeatedly insisting that pressing F10 (the suicide button) will solve all your problems. I decided against writing a drawn-out and long review of this game, since there isn't much in the way of plot or storyline, only that you have loyalist soldiers battling rebel soldiers in some fictional country, which is a good enough backstory for a medieval combat simulator such as this. Nobody actually hacks in this game, unlike some people say, and those who downrate this game do so because they suck at it and don't want to better themselves through gameplay and research. There are servers for people levels 0-15, and though I didn't need to go on those servers, those who complain about this game being exceedingly difficult obviously do. Long story short, this is an excellently made game with good graphical optimization, vocals and thought-out gameplay mechanics, with a community that, for the most part, is amusing and cooperative. That counts for a lot in this game. The only possible drawback is that there is a distinct lack of shrubbery in this game and though I have contacted Torn Banner Studios with an offer for shrub donations and the like, they have rejected me time and again. LONG LIVE AGATHA!"
,Recommended,219640,16462189,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,turtlekingcam,good game planning to play lots when i get new pc
,Recommended,219640,8871635,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,njxjack,"Honestly there is nothing i can say bad about this game, i can decapitate anyone i want and i get the satisfaction of hearing them gurgle their blood on their last breath. Especially with friends this game is fantastic. I can safely say that purchasing this game was a great descision and well worth my money."
,Recommended,219640,13142453,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,WittyWizard96,Terrible game
,Not Recommended,219640,17992023,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,ok,"This game is great, except the FPS. My FPS can drop as low as 2 and it happens all of the time. I will take this review back if this is fixed, but so far, it's hard to play."
,Recommended,219640,7867648,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Toby,"If you don't already own this game, you are doing something wrong. The game itself is pretty pro, but the Deadliest Warrior addon makes the game even more pro. I mean, who wouldn't want to run around as a ninja fighting pirates and samurai's..."
,Recommended,219640,18625136,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Belgwyn,This is arealy amazing fast paced hack 'n slash medival game...I LOVE IT. Vanguard is amazing but classes are balanced.
76561198079359338,Recommended,219640,11714133,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Bradolf Pittler,"A great game with an amazing DLC, highly recomended with a great amount of skill you can accomplish anything in is game, i tried on a group of guys with a knife i succesflly disembowled them infront of the village orphans and i walked home with my head up high.also with the DLC you can be a pirate11/10"
,Recommended,219640,18540382,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,UnpeeledPotato,LOVE IT!
,Recommended,219640,13023088,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Russquatch,"Having 300+ hours into this game at the time of this review, I wholeheartedly believe if you like first person shooters, anything related to medieval/fantasy times, or amazingly done in-game, spammable voice acting, that you pick this game up.  As a grown♥♥♥♥♥man, I have downloaded all of the ""NO"" and ""Warcry"" sound files for the Mason Man at Arms class, and shuffled them for my phone's ringtone and notification sounds. Yes, people give me funny looks.In addition to the above, every weekend, my friends and I will play drunk chivalry to a point until we thing everyone is cheating.Whether this game is on sale or full price, I would suggest the purchase, as it's an amazing game with a non-toxic community.  It will take you a while to get really good at the game, but you'll have fun the second you make your first steps.CHEATCODES:Hold in Shift+W, then spam C."
,Recommended,219640,16299603,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,BubbaListic,Let me start out by saying that this game has completed all my dreams of what a medieval game should be. I have played many games with a medieval theme but none meet the awsomeness of the Chivalry Medieval Warfare. As far as the quality of the game itself I would say that its graphics and all other aspects of the game are great in that I couldn't ask for better. An over all rating of the game I would give it a 5. Considering that I might just be in love with the game I again couldn't ask for better. I would recommend this game to anyone and really stress the game itself to all medieval combat lovers. With that said I have nothing left I could add accept that if you dont have the game you should get it. Thanks guys and have a nice day!
76561198037548199,Not Recommended,219640,4462832,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Flashward,what a peice of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,10916972,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,A2rueLeGacy,Blood. Gore. Cutting heads off. What more can you ask for at $3.75 from the steam summer sale. Buy it if you have a computer.
76561198074448593,Recommended,219640,7440214,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,H8-A11,"Игрушка прикольная,но надоедает быстро.Сражаться здесь очень круто,продуманы разнообразные приемы,в том числе и прием с обманом.Вобщем,если у вас есть лишние деньги,то сыграйте в неё.Желательно с друзьями :)"
,Recommended,219640,8203863,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Stormfox,Pure awesomeness and gore!
,Recommended,219640,877789,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,[TW]FGFennec,"OMG...such brutal fun! MUST HAVE for all of you FPS players who are bored of the usual brown, dusty milsims!"
76561197986320799,Recommended,219640,1086804,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,420.CLiTCommander,LET THE HEADS ROLL!
,Recommended,219640,8748918,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,DillDogg,"""Help Me! HELLLLLPPPP! I NEED HELP! ANYBODYYYY HELP MEEE!"" - EveryoneGame is grand spectacular and funny."
,Recommended,219640,11745331,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,pplllllzzzzz,ROAAAAARRRRRRR
76561198076921054,Recommended,219640,6841784,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Frostik,All that we have been dreaming about since childhood.
,Recommended,219640,11496733,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,nadebug,"Pros: good and complex combat mechanics (not very realistic though, which isn't a problem here), decent weapon and class balance, fair amount of active players and serversCons: optimization (game doesn't make use of multi-core cpus), very little feedback from devs, premium-like content in non-f2p game (only skins though, so it's not that annoying, but still), buggy (occasional ctds). Also, you have to manually edit the cfgs in order to adjust some vital settings, like framerate smoothing or texture streaming. Not a big deal if you're used to it though.All in all, if you can stand the learning curve and are ok with mediocre graphics, the gameplay and the 'feel' of melee combat will make up for the rest (that is, bugginess and graphical issues to begin with)."
76561198092037684,Recommended,219640,8235165,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Deadman51829,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare is and good game but it takes so getting se to and is my time playing i found it hard to beat some classes while playing a class for example as a man at arms II found it hard to beat Vanguards no matter what weapons i used and seeing that they kill a man at arms in 1 to 2 hits (with greatswords) did not help me that being said pick you battles if you can. About the update Deadliest warrior I like it more then the base game giving you a larger range of classes but only the knight is in this DLC  and you will not be able to play Vanguard,Man at arms, or Archery but there are classes in the DLC that take the place of these classes such as the pirate would take the place of the archer and the ninja (my personal favorite) takes the place of the man at arms with its's quick play-style and and movement and the use of the skill dodge that no other classe has in the DLC . If this review helped you seen me a friend invite and I will adcept it as soon as i can see you on the battle feild."
,Recommended,219640,11609982,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Zirconius,I am the approve of the this of the game.
76561197990583487,Recommended,219640,11630054,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,pitta_bread2k,a bit buggy in places regarding the hits and blocks but it's getting better. overall just mindless fun
,Recommended,219640,972444,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,Null,"In a way kind of like Counter Strike, except without guns and some prediction with the bows, this games system in which to fight with melee weapons is also very well done. I'd say if you haven't heard of this game, that you watch some gameplay on youtube and give an opinion. I think this game is well worth its weight in money well spent."
76561198044236909,Recommended,219640,11607397,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Haginkaz,"This is Team Fortress in medival times, a lot of fun."
76561198100015781,Recommended,219640,11801624,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Si1entAssassin4,This review  is going to be short and sweet. Get this game it is definately worth it. It may seem challenging at first but once you get the hang of things it should feel as if you really are a knight or archer or just make you feel like you are really on the battlefield.
,Recommended,219640,11812391,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Shrek_is_Love,If you like medival ages this is a must-have game! One of the best games ever played
76561197990504034,Recommended,219640,1275150,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,ZK - Slayer of Archer Noobs,Kicks♥♥♥♥♥ and limbs.
76561198079627923,Recommended,219640,11797079,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Terran,Pretty bada** game to say the least.
,Recommended,219640,12191949,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,2avage,"My folly, brother."
76561198072587334,Recommended,219640,6693751,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,PulamarD,^^
,Recommended,219640,620535,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,Francis,"This game is great. It's a fun hack and slash, I want to compare it to counter-strike with the action packed fighting and the fight for survival.There are 4 different classes, with 3 different types of weapons each, with 3 different styles of the same kind of weapon (Longsword,  Greatsword, Flamberge, etc...)  plus 3 diferent unlocks for 2 different secondaries and then throwing items. So there is always something to kind of work for.I like it a lot, the devs are working on the game still, balancing it out and patching stuff, so it wont be abandoned hopfully. Plenty of servers which are full most of the time and like 5 different game modes to keep it interesting.I'd say this is an 8 out of 10 game right now. Couple things need some work, but overall it's fun and worth the price tag."
,Not Recommended,219640,14716366,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Absu Angelripper,Horrible playerbase. Ruins the game in many ways.
,Recommended,219640,22258826,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SOULSHOUT,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES OUT THERE !- FUN- Challenging- Worth the effort to learn how to play !- There is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of mods for the game !
76561198041938016,Recommended,219640,16370881,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,frag_man2_0,Great medieval fighting game. Who knew slashing people's arms off was so fun!
76561198066781101,Recommended,219640,18262225,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Valley,"Chivarly is a damn fun game, but don't go in expecting to be lopping off heads left and right, jumping through the air like some sort of medieval balerina of death. That comes later and with a better understanding of things.+ 4 classes, a bunch of weapons and a heck of a lot of fun ways to get murdered. Archers, Man At Arms (MAA), Vanguards and Knights. Archers are pretty self explanatory, MAA's are the agile, firepot flinging crazies of the game, Vanguards are the heavy hitters with long range weapons and a charge attack, and knights. Knights are either your best friend or worst enemy. A bunch of health, some devestating weapons you can unlock (And exploit if you're sneaky like that), and the most feared sound anyone can attest to in game. ""COME HITHER!""+ The combat is extremely satisfying, you generally need to gauge the distance of the enemy to the weapon you're using. You need to watch where your opponent is swinging and parry at the right time, your curser has to follow the tip of the enemies weapon if you want to do this right. After a quick parry you can counterattack or dely a swing to try to make your enemy parry and leave him open to a swing. It's not extremely difficult but it can be the cause of some headaches if you don't entirely grasp the basics first off. Hit the training tutorial.+ / - The community... Can be a hit or miss. To really get the most out of this game, you need to be able to work with your teammates towards objectives. And when you get a cluster of enemies in allies in an area, it's very important to know how to stab or throw out a downward swing. That LMB thing you've been doing for those one on one fights? Yeah, there might be someone on your team in that cluster of goof doing the same thing. Most players are willing to help someone new to the game, but we all know how getting a bunch of goofballs together to kill stuff usually goes. Expect a lot of silliness.Oh yeah, and as other reviewers mentioned, when you're new and going off past rank 15 into the open world of insanity, you need to have a lot of patience to really get anything more out of the game. Rank stacking is a thing, and when players get good and all play for one side and you're on the other... Well, you can still get some fun out of attempting to one on one some guys, but it really depends on the players in the lobby. Depending on whether you hate winning or losing, this could be a deal breaker for you. The skill balance can be broken easily when you're fighting a team with people who know how to fight in groups and defend points.- I hope you don't like changing your skins. This doesn't really affect the game in any real capacity, but Torn Banner kind of charges a quite a bit of money for skin changes for individual classes. If you're one of those fashionista type players who has to look pretty, be sure to have a loose hold on that there wallet.So TL:DR or whatever, this is a good game! The combat takes a bit of getting used to, and so does group combat. There could be more variety with the classes but sometimes less is more. The community is generally friendly and helpful, but there is some silliness to be had with others. You may run into problems and cease having fun later in the game due to ranks 48+ stacking on a side and pushing your♥♥♥♥♥♥in, but losing doesn't mean you can't enjoy the game. But if it does, than you might want to look elsewhere.I recommend this game simply because when I'm getting drunk with nowhere to go, Chivalry is usually the first place I go to."
,Recommended,219640,9286094,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Trilla,This game's battle system is amazing. 9/10
,Recommended,219640,7844429,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Emarrel,COME THE ♥♥♥♥ HITHER
76561198048143368,Recommended,219640,5338317,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,NineEightEight,Amazingly good fun!
76561198021399370,Recommended,219640,3358498,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Abusive Wookie,"Kill people, yell very loud, kill some more people,  chop some heads off.Do you like yelling? Buy this game!"
,Recommended,219640,6406328,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Existential Dread,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare is a really good game. The combat is smooth and the graphics are good, make sure you have a good computer to run the game."
76561198123024379,Recommended,219640,11095143,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Pumble,"This is my second review of Chivalry, now with over 700 hours played in game. I love this game. The fighting is comedic, enjoyable and visceral. The voices of the characters (particularly the Mason Man-At-Arms) are very funny. Nothing like watching a man screaming for help as he appears to demolish his enemies by punching them to death.The graphics are nice, and the sound effects are neither amazing nor lacking. There is a steep skill-curve with this game. In the low-ranking servers, newbies will fight an easier fight. But this will probably breed a habit of bad tactics and gameplay into them, which they must grow out of to be able to compete against more seasoned players. Much has been made of bizarre spinning tactics and reverse overheads attacks being 'glitch' tactics or somehow broken. It is not. There are ways to combat these, ways you can learn quite easily and then counter them for using. Chivalry is a game that will reward you if you have the guts and iron to stick it out and take the pain for a while.Chivalry will make you laugh, make you annoyed, and make you feel a surge of victory. One of my favourite games on Steam and I don't really ever see myself stopping playing it.9.4/10."
,Recommended,219640,15147528,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,BenJammin,"Brutal but funny. I laugh everytime I play it. It's worth buying when Steam has it on sale (which usually will be for around $5 or less) Rule #1 of CMW: after you get a kill, press X twice and then press 2"
,Recommended,219640,2950846,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,Amazin Larry,"If you like ♥♥♥♥in first person competitive multiplayer games set in medieval times, well here you go. Its got a nice variety of modes, though the objective based one is my favorite. Some balancing and a little bit more content is needed, but its a great game overall."
,Recommended,219640,25208485,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fayzle,"Well, this is just a fantastic piece of code, it really is!Chivalry: Medieval Warfare was either the first, or one of the first video games I bought for my PC back in 2013, and it has severely improved my PC Gaming experience.  The game is insanely simple to get into, the easy and methodic controls are just fantastic and provide for an immersive gameplay.The game features great sound effects and the variety of classes and class customisation makes for unique battles, with the introduction of gestures such as taunts it's almost as if a community in itself is forming within the online lobbies.It is common to see individuals making gestures at one another before battle, as if all Chivalry players are of the same mind, just going to show the ability of video games to bring people together in a most harmonious manner."
,Recommended,219640,16947029,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Night Baron,we need mor chmp and map artit mor fan mor bloadnew weapons
76561198077575254,Not Recommended,219640,21953423,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Sir Colten,"Back in 2013 the game with great, and then one day they decided to change the combat system. Now we see men in full armor dancing around and morphing their bodies in such strange ways to hit you with slow hard hitting weapons almost instantly. Not only that, almost everyone is a scrub in chat! Your not alowed to die, or you will be sent into Team Killing hell. The only class left, that takes some skill now without breaking the game, is the archer and his bow and arrow. Of course, you can still sometimes shoot through shields. Also they abondened the DLC for this game. Only buy if you want to feel true pain."
76561198007056268,Recommended,219640,24609132,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Wisp,> hit a team member by accident> it's on> the real war happens every match before the gates open> only the vitcor of the 1v1 can play the rest of the matchTruely amazing game
76561198077175121,Recommended,219640,10954342,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,"Hey kid, you're bad",Great fun for the entire family
76561198074190496,Recommended,219640,7872092,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Sharkman,"Take a Michael Bay movie, replace the explosions in his movies with blood and you get chivalry"
,Recommended,219640,16377946,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ningi,Awesome game really indepth i recommend.
76561198045611787,Not Recommended,219640,16106218,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,OG_VonBismarck420,"-Reads about how supposedly ""well optimized"" this game is.-Watches video of guy playing game with Intel HD 2000 and 2 GB of RAM at totally playable FPS.-Figures my 512 MB video card and 4 GB of RAM should be fine.-Plays game.... runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥-Turns all settings down to low and even sets the resolution to 800x600... still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥-Tries the same thing in the 32 bit version... still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥-Gives up.10/10 would waste 5 bucks again."
,Recommended,219640,16109191,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ToneBone,"I don't see what all the bad reviews are about. Yes, this game has a very hard learning curve and is very unforgiving when it comes to pvp. But, if your willing to put a few hours you will learn that this game is very fun and can be very enjoyable, you will be the person running through a castle slaying multiple nubs, its a good game unless you want a easy pick up and play game."
,Recommended,219640,7922936,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,big doints,"I'd recommend this game, it had potential, but seems like its going to be forever beta. Dev's really need to stop working on stupid dlc and work on the actual game, I'd throw down 60 more bucks for this game if they promised to start patching it at least monthly. I mean it isn't like they aren't getting enough feed back. Just go join one of the popular duel servers, most players will tell you whats wrong. One thing that mainly irritates me about this game is the ROH (reverse overhead) which is basically an insta-hit (where the player turns 180 degrees from their opponent looks up and queues an overhead), or it'll force a block so they can turn around and smack you in the face. Feinting could use some more work. and many many bugs that have been in the game since release, and from patch 1 to patch 3 (if there even was a patch 3) All and all though, CHIV2 2015?GAME IS A LOT OF FUN! (for casuals) 6.94/10"
,Recommended,219640,16433200,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sherman,to me!
76561198012532916,Recommended,219640,9586281,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Древесный,Amazing
,Recommended,219640,16786493,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Refiya,top banter
,Recommended,219640,12321546,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Burningfox6,"A very action packed and entertaining Medieval slayer game. You can play deathmatch mode, free for all and objective based ones. My favorite is last team standing.The DLC is all I play now but Medieval Warfare is still awesome.Fav characters DLC: Ninja, Samurai"
,Recommended,219640,10186060,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Princess Cherry,You can chop people's heads off. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,10170454,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,easyway,"Great game, easy to leard and very fun"
76561198088608395,Recommended,219640,7146016,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Danda,AGATAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
76561198125580672,Recommended,219640,10270253,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Loading...,This game is great and highly recommend it to anyone who likes medeival and fighting games.
,Recommended,219640,10280803,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Ocelot Revolver Ocelot,"Punched a guy so hard that his head blew up. Hell, people sure was strong back then.10/10"
,Recommended,219640,4051677,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Anduin Wrynn,şu oyun cidden hatımda oynadığım en iyi oyun dw alınca kasılıp klana giriyorsunuz klan turnuvaları falan %100 tavsiye ederim
76561198025139009,Not Recommended,219640,9114365,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kimie,Just another one of those games where you flail around madly and hope you hit them first.
,Not Recommended,219640,10864323,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,owlyoop cockatoo,do not buy deadliest warrior. the base game is okay but deadliest warrior is a big turd that belongs in the trash
,Recommended,219640,16268241,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Lardninja,Blew up someone's head with an arrow. Basically medieval Fallout.
76561198184108699,Recommended,219640,16096902,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,B Hustler,Intense realistic multiplayer. Good game play and no bugs found whilst playing
76561198065407595,Recommended,219640,14688056,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,darkdovahkiin,"Sick of games where there is 1 OP weapon that everyone uses and you are doomed without it. Chivalry is the perfect game for you. This game is about skill, precision, tactics, and about everything that comes from the player himself. You want fun, this is fun. You want blood, it's full of blood. You want to scream ''NO!'' to an enemy, here you go. This game is more fun than trolling someone with Alt + f4. Now pick up your blade, axe, hammer or whatsoever and slay some dirty peasants!"
,Recommended,219640,16099710,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Relentless Omi,just bought this game and so far i love it.
,Recommended,219640,16099791,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ChainZ,Well made game.
76561198137730503,Not Recommended,219640,16083508,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,aboslutely unplayable. sooooo laggy
,Not Recommended,219640,16096656,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,segelohren,I can't play this at all at this moment. There are severe frame drops in Multiplayer as well as in menus. 1 fps for 10 seconds is no fun.Playing on the Mac.
76561198231120984,Recommended,219640,16121990,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,agrand87,This game is definitely fun. Like COD but medieval theme. New stuff added sometimes too.
,Recommended,219640,16567257,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Duckworth,Amazing game with a great learning curve. At first you'll be at the bottom of the scoreboard but as you improve and get more comfortable with the controls you'll get much better. Game is very rewarding as I feel satisfied after getting a single kill.
76561197995270887,Recommended,219640,7545038,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,[AHMF] Stunt,"I'll state right off the bat, I'm terrible at this game but never before have I had so much fun having my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me. I often find myself flashing back to the Black Knight scene in Monty Python and the Holy Grail. Tis but a flesh wound, indeed. The sound effects are particularly... crunchy.It's a different experience than I am used to in an FPS. I picked it up for 6 bucks. Worth every penny and then some."
,Recommended,219640,11062616,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Foppy J,This game is really fun if you enjoy Close ranged combat. There's something satisfying about chopping your oppenents head off with a long sword. Definitely a must have for any inventory
,Recommended,219640,8204314,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Energi,Epic.
,Recommended,219640,16723599,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,That Guy,Not everyone is so talented and skilled in this so most of the reviews out there are a bit wrong in my opinion. I strongly recommend it for everyone
76561198086428339,Recommended,219640,16350346,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Василий Ломаченк,"Great gameplay, great graphics. Really fun mods, not toxic community. Isn't pay to win  and it has good competetive elements in multiplayer."
,Recommended,219640,16287791,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,FujiGaming,"I love it, but the game has a few movement and weird glitches that make the game less fun to play with those that exploit them"
76561198018385289,Recommended,219640,15406138,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Gostond,Great game to play with friends kinda buggy on Linux but runs quite well in Windows
76561197993610090,Recommended,219640,16198482,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Lord Eidar,Poke poke gurgle gurgle!10/10
,Recommended,219640,16373889,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Bogs,90% off right now... Get it.
76561198063492816,Recommended,219640,10947845,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rick,Buy itUpdate: Buy it
76561198052493294,Recommended,219640,16391773,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BeardedGinger,This game makes me laugh and cry at the same time
76561198074010266,Recommended,219640,9375658,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Krimst Kramst,"Very good first person slasher, blood, decapitations and everything you need to enjoy true medieval fun!"
76561197991016762,Recommended,219640,15248520,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Orpheus,"The way I like to see Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is as the counter-strike of melee-based medieval combat games. Not that there are alot of first person medieval combat games out there to the point of requiring these kind of analogies, but what I mean is that this game certainly is not Pirates, Vikings and Knights..Where as Pirates, Vikings and Knights has more of an arcadey style gameplay (thus i`d call it the Call of duty of melee combat games), Chivalry has alot more complexity and depth to its core gameplay.There are alot of little things to consider and be aware of if you want to master all of chivalry`s mechanics. Things like, hitting an enemy with the tip of your weapon will deal more damage than with the lower part. Simply because of this, a whole new 'game' of tactical positioning is in place. Taking into account the windup and recovery time of your weapon is crucial if you want to stay alive and emerge as the victor, especially if you are dueling as a knight with a heavy weapon against a lighter and quicker man at arms.There are tons more of specific mechanics I could talk about, but that`s what the guides are for as this just a simple, quick review. So is all this talk of complexity any good? I for one truly enjoy what this game offers. There are few multiplayer titles that give you such a sense of gratifying accomplishment when you defeat another player, backed up with a nice visual feedback of heads and limbs flying off.It`s just a shame that they added an ingame store where you buy cosmetic items such as armor and skins for existing weapons, and the only way to get these is buy purchasing them with real currency.. Yeah I guess they are harmless since they are only cosmetic and don`t affect any stats for your armor/weapons.In the end though, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is truly a unique game and a breath of fresh air in the multiplayer focused genres, since nowadays everything has to be some kind of first person shooter variant to be successful. I`m glad that Chivalry can prove otherwise, and hopefully this will be some kind of stimulant for developers to try different things in the future."
76561198213053100,Recommended,219640,15296898,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Draxter420,If you like to cut heads and no scope ppl then this is the perfect game for you! :D
76561198023412644,Recommended,219640,3477253,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,New Player,"Fun to jump into if your on you're own, even more fun with friends. One of the best game's I have ever played."
,Recommended,219640,4127577,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,FULL SHIMANO,TODO CABALLERO DEBE JUGARLOEl mundo era mejor cuando no habían armas de fuego.
,Recommended,219640,13065703,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Beige Ranger,"Bought this during the weekend Sale.Yes the game has its bugs but it really is enjoyable. It is easy to die and after several hours of play you will go from mad man hack and hope to having a better experience of winning battles. I went from dying loads, to matching my K/D and now I'm killing 3 to four before getting teamkilled ;)Simple mechanics, nice graphics, very gory, I contemplated buying it for ages, I'm glad I did. I'm really having fun.Re-igniting my childhood imagination with knights and warriors. I've even opened up some old Bernard Cornwell books to read again to fuel my recent passion and fuel further my medieval bloodlust.8/10 (minus 2 due to some glitches and bugs but you tend to just get used to them).I also think the spawning is too far away so sometimes I feel like all I'm doing is running on some maps."
,Recommended,219640,8945486,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,|LDJ| Texer,"This game is funny, fighting is a little hard, but I couldn't practice more due to connection issues, that ruined the game for me. But it is a good game."
,Recommended,219640,13020497,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,fijidan,it's ight
76561198018303125,Recommended,219640,10912795,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Skunk Ape,"Incredibly fun, but will annoy you if you turn into a real hardcore player.  The patches seem to progressively make the game worse, while they seem to leave in the most common exploits that people use.  Additionally, lots of people with 1000 hours or more are all using the same exploits, which involve all sorts of shenanigans that don't belong in a melee combat game.  It can ruin the atmosphere when you have a whole game full of those types of people.All that said, I can pick this up and have a ton of fun playing this anytime.  Definitely worth it when you can get it for $5 on sale."
,Recommended,219640,13664785,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Richard the Lion Heart,"I would compare it to  M&B Warband but more complex. Not much variety in the game play(no cavalry, bland ranged weaponry, etc.) but I think it really sticks out with it's melee combat. Definitely worth it but pick it up at a low price. Otherwise buy something cheaper."
76561198082490705,Recommended,219640,7009377,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,✡JewMan✡,"Я большой фанат игры Counter Strike. Это игра очень похожа на КС но в средневековом мире. Игра очень хорошоя. Есть рассчлененка,, много видов оружие, есть основное, дополнительное и снаряжение (щиты, бомбочки, стрелы). Игра очень понравилась советую поиграть ведь очень много режимов и карт, так же есть режим командное задание игра на этом режиме заставляет вас выполнить 3-5 миссий за ту или иную сторону такие же миссии ваших партнёров по команде а противников задание помешать вам. Советую всем поиграть!"
,Recommended,219640,30493298,Posted: 13 March,all,Sreamo Supremo,This game has a dedicated scream button.
76561198025462207,Recommended,219640,3636252,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Ƙ† | Woohoopy,"Sometimes, people don't understand, but it do. 10/10."
,Recommended,219640,14462189,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,chewy,yea it good
,Recommended,219640,3043945,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,walkAbout,best. game. ever.
,Recommended,219640,12614294,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Raymond Reddington,Teamkilling Simulator 201410/10
,Recommended,219640,16439581,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,badpro,"Get your sword , raise your hand and go fight for your honor ! this game totally amazing , not addictive but that charm from it's gameplay and it's amazing different mods and map , i bought this game at 2015 sale and you know even it was realised in 2012 but there still arround 15k in-game with different time at the dat1. Great and amazing graphics , with well made reflection2. amazing combat movement and tactics to affront you enemy3. need enough skills to be at their height to deffend your base4. A 4 different classes with 3 different weapons eachYou like gladiator , you love old wars , you like medivals buy this game and thank me !!"
,Recommended,219640,11754157,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,KubbaBush,"This is a Very good game and can be super addicting, not too buggy for me, updated quite regularly, fun to play with friends. The community on this game i found to have alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and moaning peopl ebut apart from that its an all round amazing great looking fun game that is at a very decent price could of quite happily payed £30-40 and still would love this game definatly worth the buy, it is a hard game that takes some getting used to but the low level servers are perfect for that. 100% Approve."
,Recommended,219640,13534084,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ŦђΞ |  DXM,"Personal views aside, the game is great for what it is."
,Recommended,219640,13538278,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,jml,Shìt gaem™ jk i luv it
76561198011710214,Recommended,219640,10913525,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DrewDaddy,"Awesome game, love the 1 V 1!"
,Recommended,219640,8240908,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Humid Hummus,"Besiege♥♥♥♥♥♥and raid ♥♥♥♥♥♥s in Chivalry: Menstrual Warfare, a feast-paced menstrual FPS (Slasher with a Multi-player online thingy) Chivalry: Menstrual Warfare is a thirst-person slasher with a focus on multi-genital diarrhea. Featuring competitive online wombat that seeks to capture the experience of truly being on a menstrual battlefield."
76561198142043990,Recommended,219640,13621683,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),i never thought i would enjoy a medieval videogame so much it has a good combat system 4 classes along with a balanced weapon assortment as you battle you constantly hhear the clinging of swords and the cuts of flesh and just feels real and different. 9/10
76561197972601844,Recommended,219640,14204075,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Void | Revak,Its aight
,Recommended,219640,11301833,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,AustinPooeyPowers,you wanna stab someone its £18.99
,Recommended,219640,14110250,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,J33P3l2,Team up and gangbang enemy kingvery great game
76561198118960301,Recommended,219640,14260276,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,East Coast Samurai,"Review time..... Alright first off you will learn to fear your teammates! Fear them as if they were from the deepest pits of hell. Everyone blindly swings and team damage is a thing. Seriously that is a thing. You will die via team damage more than anything else no one knows how to stab must be a secert that only a few have learned.Anyways other than that I love this game. The maps are great and the vets that play this game show no mercy which I like. Just when I begin to think I am decent at this game a lvl 48 and above will just wreck my♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also the level system in this game actually means something..... ABOUT TIME!!! if you see a level 50 and up.... RUN!!! Seriously you have no chance, oh wait if you run they will catch you thanks to the mechanics in the game, which is also awesome. Just lay down and let them kill you. If you try it wont help.But seriously if you are a laid back person this might be a good game for you; if not you are going to hate your life and will be ♥♥♥♥♥ing about your team killing you the whole time with comments such as:""Learn how to f***ing stab you a**hole""""OMG U R S**T at this game""""LEARN TO STAB!!!!!""""I F***ING HATE MY TEAM""""I will find you, and murder your family""lol seriously tho play at your own risk, best medieval first person/ third person i've ever played. GOOD LUCK AND FEAR THY TEAM."
,Recommended,219640,14355193,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,[XSIA] Leoslake9,Fun but hard pros only :Uranium:
76561198009030352,Recommended,219640,2542006,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,Sir Chuck Norris,One of the BEST action games I have ever played. Almost a NEW CATHEGORY OF GAME. It's BRUTAL
,Recommended,219640,6059668,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,stu,"run round town with a big♥♥♥♥♥hammer and all who dont lift won't come at you, bro"
76561198046288573,Recommended,219640,5198970,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,Leftenant. Othmar,Great bloody murders.Fun as hell
76561197970767011,Recommended,219640,14766443,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,K4Ge,Some guy chopped off my arm and I died..
76561198126366608,Recommended,219640,14740778,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,free_rudeb0y,Pretty intense game!!! fun just swinging on mobs. Great Engine = Great Game
,Recommended,219640,11526955,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,DuPPy,Chivalry is love.... chivalry is life............. its never ogre
76561198009559912,Not Recommended,219640,14775120,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,BadGreenGonzoDaGreat,"Don't buy it until they fix the server searching issues. Or you will only be able to play the offline bot mod. And the bots are stupid and buggy. I try every method found to fix the problem, not a single one work for me. (OSX 10.9.5)"
,Recommended,219640,14799424,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,AbsoluteFire,"Chivalry: Medeval Warfare Gives you The Experience of Struggling to hit enemys with Your Bow and Arrow To Smashing  heads in a critcle shot with your Mighty Hammer! Not only that The maps Them self give you an experience as well, But the Traps and Fast Acion Game Never Gets Boring. Theres No skills so every ones equel as long as you join a noob server. The Weopons Have (Reach) (Speed) And (Damage). making you work to unlock the next Version of that weapon.The Gamplay of Two Teams. One Defending One Attacking. With many multiple Task and missions or just plain slaugtering Free For AllDivide into  four classes:Archer                                                     Bows - Cross Bows - Spears - Javelans                 Sheilds          Fast / Low ArmorSwordsman                                             Swords -Axe - maces                                            Sheilds          Fast / Low ArmorPikeman (not sure actaul class name)  Two Handed  Swords. Pike Weopons                   no Shields      Mid / Decent ArmorKnight                                                    Two HAnded Swords - Short Sword -Hammers    Shields          Slow / High ArmorThe Game has many in Game Actions From Parries To Blocking Thrusting Stabb or a menicing Slash!So go watch some Gameplays and decide if you wat to expeirience The Feeling of Rushing Castles And Releasing Boulders Death Traps Now!Thank you For Reading-Zero"
76561198045913802,Recommended,219640,14706695,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Jules,"Great game, buy it when its 75% off, and its a perfect match between price and game."
76561198019965958,Recommended,219640,14264373,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Z the Wolf,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is an unique experience compared to all of those online first person shooters out there. Melee combat mechanics are well designed, it makes the game challenging and really player-skill oriented. If you don't like melee you can always try your luck with a bow or a crossbow. There are few classes and plenty of weapons to choose from. Graphics look decent enough- you can easily judge by screenshots. Chivalry: MW has few game modes including 1 vs 1 matches. I'm not sure what possible flaws I can point out, maybe that it's really difficult when you're new and play against experienced players. Though, as they say, practice makes perfect. In my opinion it's a game worth it's price. Especially if you can grab it on a sale."
,Recommended,219640,7721550,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Sherlock Homes,500 hours of fun less than a nice meal
,Recommended,219640,1812482,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Gruu,Insta-fun! Especially when playing with friends & voice chat.
,Recommended,219640,11693262,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Bebo,Very good game 10/10 would ♥♥♥♥
76561198149678561,Recommended,219640,14565601,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,[AOD] Hosti,i like
76561198120918162,Recommended,219640,14489044,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,King Graveth,"this has too good gameplay (bad grammar), but if there was a storyline then this would be 15/10"
,Recommended,219640,13019019,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,λ,"It depends on what you are into if you like skyrim ,cs:go, Minecraft(yes minecraft) or a load of other games.in other words you will like it"
,Recommended,219640,8726962,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Opie,An amazing multiplayer!
,Recommended,219640,13509073,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[Mush]Mspaint,"Review on Deadliest Warrior my personal favorite.BEFORE I STARTED PLAYING THIS HOW WAS MY FEELING OF THE GAMEHad no thoughts of this game, just a time killerWHEN I TRIED IT HOW CAN IT BE COMPARED TO THE HYPE I HAD:God damn I have some hours in the Deadliest Warrior since I like that one the best, let me steam off after a hard working week .TOP 3 I LIKE1. very addictive game and love to play with friends2. easy to learn hard to master3. xp and stuff you get for levelingTOP 3 I DONT LIKE1. very few updates..2. can get a feel that some classes are more op.3. could be awesome to get more updates ^^So overall points by me given are 1/10 where 10 is max.Single player experience: noneMultiplayer experience: 10/10Graphics:                           7/10Developer update game:1/10Developer informing us about their team and state of game: 2/10IS THE GAME WORTH IT?Overall as it is now YES, I love it but it can get better.. I feel like a lord when I  have a good round and get more than 2 kills, the feel it gives me are awesome.My pc specs.Screen: BenQ 27"" 3D LED XL2720Z (1920x1080, 144Hz, 1ms, 12m:1, VGA/DVI/2xHDMI/DP)AMD FX (tm)-8350 Eight-Core Processor (8 CPUs), -4.0GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 770 (4gb Memory)24576MB Memory- Mspaint out"
,Recommended,219640,1432402,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Arbie,Fantastic game we should play some more. Do mind it has some visual problems with the customisable armour.
,Recommended,219640,15414604,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Tribal (͠≖ ͜ʖ͠≖)👌,Too much blood! I love it!
,Recommended,219640,15299615,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Aaron,"Usually I can't stand competive online deathmatch style games, but this game is a hoot. Over-the-top medieval atmosphere, goofy good & evil factions, great objective based gameplay, and sporting a simple but effective melee mechanic, this game can easily suck away hours from your life. Also, Malric is a dude."
76561198123270311,Recommended,219640,15304833,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Chris Pratt,They fell to their knees then i took his head
76561198016705840,Recommended,219640,3057258,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,yoyo.il,Best game ever
76561198060980995,Recommended,219640,15294182,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,sTaR ツ,"This game is a lot of fun :) if you have friends that own or would buy it too, I'm pretty sure it would be even more fun"
,Recommended,219640,3213586,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,SwampShaft,"This game is great for players who enjoy accurate sword fighting, where you must aim every swing of your weapon. Also, it offers a great online experience with many players, and it requires some strategy."
,Recommended,219640,2015925,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,{N} Olse,"If dost hoists, dost musteth acquire this wonderfully violent entertainment! If thou dost not hoist, RETREAT YE BACK FROM WHENCE YE CAME.In all seriousness, this game is amazingly fun and brutal. It has some of the best bad voice acting and awesome melee combat I've ever seen. Make sure you play the tutorial, though, because otherwise you'll be lost and frustrated. The only gripe I have with this game is it's odd incompatability with Steam Community, since not once have I been able to join my friends' games through Steam, and I'm not the only one with this issue. A patch is coming, though, so hopefully this gets fixed. I wholeheartedly reccomend this game. :D"
,Recommended,219640,435246,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Hackmed,"You can decapitate people with a dagger. Or maybe it was a very short sword, either way, decapitations and head explosions are a common occurrence."
,Recommended,219640,10892467,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SweetPeaches69,"Great, fun game you can pick up and play."
76561198002124849,Recommended,219640,29912049,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,You'll be in love from the first time you chop someone's arm off while their neighbor is running around screaming on fire.
76561198064242824,Recommended,219640,8148718,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Silverslay,Glorioso
,Recommended,219640,24915111,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,RageBlazing,"Fun until rank 16.Would be a dream to see a combat system like this in an Elder Scrolls franchise.Good fun with mods and maps though but once you leave the safety of the new servers everything starts becoming dull as ballet dancers look at the floor yet chop your head off, but still fun."
76561198048159082,Recommended,219640,7823823,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ultsi,Honour for nerds!
,Recommended,219640,13721187,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Yung Lean,"This is an amazing game, filled with blood and gore. But, most importantly. Fun!Best Medieval Game I've played.8/10"
,Recommended,219640,9244078,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Gn⊕stic,"I really like the idea of Chivalry. Its an interesting game, and I enjoy the deul game mode allot. In many team based maps or free for all modes the game is very chaotic. The duel mode feels remenicent of a very brutal mortal kombat."
,Recommended,219640,2297619,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,Booshnay,This game gets your blood pumping with a laughing but sort of discustied manner of intense medieval combat that I have yet to seen done this good.
,Recommended,219640,14398297,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,GLOWING 1000 DEGREE WALRUS,"Got in the game, ran at a dude, clicked, my character bellowed like some sort of angry gorilla, and I decapitated my opponent10/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,9968759,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Mr. Highlighter,"I came back to try this game again for a 3rd time and the same result, frustration then uninstallation. After all this time it is still terribly buggy and laggy. You can get on a decent server 1 out of 15 times and have a good time, the rest of the experience is just filled with annoyance and rage. I feel this is the last time I will try this title and will forever leave it uninstalled."
76561197988728783,Not Recommended,219640,9975161,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,IamCaboose,The game is bad and you should feel bad.
,Recommended,219640,8240505,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Artem,"Chop chop! Kill stuff, capture stuff, unlock stuff, and complete stuff!"
,Recommended,219640,2281383,"Posted: 13 March, 2013",all,Lord,WE WILL NOT FALL THIS DAY !!!!
76561198031440462,Recommended,219640,13549261,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,BFg.Skyfoogle,Medieval Warfare is not a laughing matter.
,Recommended,219640,13486214,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Mister Sister Fister,"My mom came into my room while I was playing this game, I simply told her to back the hell off because this game bonded with me. I stabbed so many people in their genitals and it felt amazing. I would definitely recommend many people to play this game. No one knows how I feel because I am a unicorn that loves this game. Amazing, 10/10."
,Recommended,219640,1923583,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,Coxniffer,Just ♥♥♥♥ing hilariously fun
,Recommended,219640,13544678,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,CuppaTea,You throw rocks at people with a slingshot. New definition of 360 no scope headshot.10/10
,Recommended,219640,564829,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,ÄßŠ†®ÅχÎØη,"First off, lets get a few things out of the way. This game is buggy, it's rough around the edges with it's UI (or lack thereof) and it's multiplayer only. If you come into it with those elements understood; you'll find the best medival multiplayer-only game around (harhar). Honestly, this game has some great moments and is a thrill to play. I haven't had this much fun with a multiplayer game in the past few years; and it's refreshing that this isn't an RTS or traditional FPS shooter. The game modes, classes and weapons fit well to provide a different gameplay experience each game. Each class has a set of weapons you can level up as you play to unlock new types but other than that it's fairly basic in it's options. Some levels do lend themselves more to spawn camping than others but overall the levels are solid and play well to enhance the game. I'd recommend it if you enjoy cutting off heads and throwing axes at peoples backs (in a multiplayer game ofcourse); stay away if you want a polished UI and an experience that hand holds you through it's mechanics."
76561198163287196,Recommended,219640,14040937,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Murderfaggotbitch,it epic
,Recommended,219640,2622358,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,DeadTurtle,"This a  really fun game, until you hit level 16. Then you are forced to play with people 16 to max. the people over level 30 will say it's useless to have mid range servers, yet the scores will show everone under rank 30 has the worst K/D compared to those that are 30 and up.I'd continue playing if they had mid range servers, 16-30 only. Otherwise, I don't see the fun in getting slaughtered 15 times and having luck in getting 3 or 4 kills. I just don't learn to beat my enemies that way. I'd need something more evenly matched to keep progressing and getting better. Not mister miyagi vs. the red belt....5/10 won't play again."
76561198162563795,Recommended,219640,13968034,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Wolfie21,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare is a perfect simulation of the middle ages.Bringin the gory element to full realism,"
76561197998904794,Recommended,219640,1855564,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,THD,"a lot of adrenaline, emotions and flying limbs!"
,Not Recommended,219640,13951939,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,KnightDiver,It's a fun game up until after level 15; you get to the point where the person with the most glichiest glitch skills always wins. The community doesn't help much either with about a quarter of the people you meet being rather obnoxious about their ability to out glitch you.
,Not Recommended,219640,10257666,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Pencilpals,nathaniel is a big butt fatty who makes me sad about life and tells me to buy dumb games like this. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,8773246,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Redacteddd,Your malformed skull isn't fit for my pisspot!
,Recommended,219640,14723776,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Unardolith,"very good game, so much fun but the team killers are many and very stupid, many defeats because of stupid Tk'ers"
76561198019492811,Recommended,219640,11672840,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,SatanSanta,"one of the most original multiplayer focused games ive played in a long time. The arena fast paced playstyle similar to a call of duty ga,e but with sword and shield game play mechanics not far from skyrim. The best part is you feel like your weapons actually have weight when they hit an enemy player and they can actually be stopped by walls so no sweep attackcs in a hallway.  A true vs multiplayer game to its core and only gets better when playing with firends.   Also hysterical laughter to insue ( just youtube giant slayer or back knight workshop modes).   Overall I give this game a 9.0 for its original design, fast pace multiplayer, and workshop support."
76561198044885287,Recommended,219640,8254738,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,falconfetus8,"It's really hard to master, but even when you die the game is still fun.  I like it."
,Recommended,219640,10994272,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,UnfoldedTen,I can chop dead peoples heads off.10/10
76561198045364355,Recommended,219640,11047921,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Pauly C,Hide in small spaces. Stab kuntz faces.
76561197990295293,Recommended,219640,11083396,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,mattTs,"m,l;."
,Recommended,219640,10889626,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ZeKritzical,"Played it since its release and is still one of my favorite games.The best thing about the game is the community. Players tend to fool around during matches, using all the goofy voice commands that are in the game. It's really hilarious as it breaks the ice of the realistic medieval theme that the game tries provide."
,Recommended,219640,809143,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Beef Supreme,"One of the most enjoyable online games I've played in ages, so much fun hacking and slashing medieval style!  Excellent melee combat system that is very easy to pick up yet is intricate enough to allow skill and tallent to shine."
,Recommended,219640,16146303,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Cyledr,yes
76561198049511726,Recommended,219640,17326324,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,ÓÐINN,Was decapitated by Jesus Christ...
,Recommended,219640,16604595,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Spoilar,NAICEE
76561198113676988,Recommended,219640,29512482,Posted: 26 January,all,Senhor Batata Frita,Sorry
76561198007940913,Not Recommended,219640,16320865,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Preheated Monk,"Decent game. If they put as much attention into fixing their servers and hit mechanics as they did useless UGC, it would be alot better."
76561198046036884,Not Recommended,219640,21939750,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,cold1029,"Used to love this game, but it seems that every update brings us farther and farther away from that game that used to be fun. Used to feel fast paced and frenetic, now it just feels really slow. I mean really, really slow. In the effort of making the blocking system easier, they seem to have significantly slowed the characters' attacks and movements. This ends up meaning that two players fighting face to face will pretty much never kill one another, and it falls down to another player to attack from the side or behind. Contrast this to Mount and Blade, where the fighting is actually faster paced, and much more satisfying with a challenging and rewarding directional blocking system.They also fixed the old system where the player had to aim directly at the target to hit them, instead having weapons damage in wide arcs. This would be fine by itself, but the addition of the ability to hurt and kill allies mean that you are far more likely to kill a friendly than an enemy. On the plus side, the community seems to have given up on getting angry at a player for teamkilling, since this is almost entirely unavoidable.Finally, and this is a bit nitpicky, but the game is poorly optimized, especially for all the more graphical fidelity it offers. I've got a 4 GB video card, and it hovers around 60 fps (no V-sync). All in all, I'd have recommended this game in a heartbeat 2 years ago, but today I have to say: Don't buy it."
76561198105049151,Recommended,219640,7850245,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Jyrow,Best game NA
76561198067498106,Recommended,219640,10794411,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Bevlar,"Fun game, pretty difficult to get the hang of but once you've settled for a class you will have a lot more fun!"
76561198063036093,Not Recommended,219640,8626957,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Sarrienne,"Looks OK, great concept, good animations and the sort of graphics I'm used to from older games. However, this is buggy as Hell - I know other reviewers have said the same, but THEY ARE RIGHT!I haven't actually made it past the training sessions, as the game crashes, controls disable, keys stop working and characters seize, mainly on the Man-At-Arms and Archer training.As a practitioner of historical martial arts myself, I've *really* been looking forward to this game and I'm hoping that this gets patched very soon.But as it currently stands, I cannot recommend spending any money on this."
,Recommended,219640,8155426,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,!Spoooooon!!!,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561197968413100,Not Recommended,219640,8971318,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,psykke,"Crashes on launch. Bought it a month ago, but haven't had a chance to play it yet."
76561198070058490,Not Recommended,219640,9047012,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Sabrina,"This game has an incredibly steep learning curve and I probably didn't give it enough of a chance. But unless you are an extremely dedicated and seasoned FPS gamer who doesn't mind dying repeatedly (and I DO mean repeatedly), online play is quite unenjoyable. I know a number of people who enjoy it greatly, but I couldn't get into it, probably because I suck too much at it."
76561198060833156,Not Recommended,219640,18630054,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,TePoseFaen,How can a guy with 1 speed be quicker than a guy with 3 speed???I does not make sence.... Fix you killing system.
,Recommended,219640,18563791,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Tigar,"ehh i rate it 8/10not alot of u.s.a west, mostly east and Europe."
76561198054202036,Not Recommended,219640,18270923,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,KingOfPawns,people constantly do whats called dragging... basicly they attack and spin the camera at an agle so the the beginning of the swing will hit you giving you no time to react... its cheap for instance if they do an over head attack they will crouch and star at the ground so the swing starts on yoru hit box.... that is not combat and not in the spirit of the game and the devs dont care to change it.... none of the videos above are representative of the actual combat because of dragging i just wanted to play a game with the game mechanics in tact but all anyone does is drag... and this game is a drag..
76561198101015538,Recommended,219640,18576550,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Inindo42O,"Glad I got this on sale.. Has some pros and cons.  This is basically like a Medieval Counterstrike Type of games.. Recommend getting the addons such as Deadliest Warrior.. you get more stages and more classes ie. Pirate, Ninja, Samurai, Knight, Viking.. and pits each class on teams against each other..  Anyone who says there isn't enough content on here hasn't noticed the MODDED stuff or the DLCs.  This is not for the faint of heart..  This is some Hardcore PVPing going on here.. If your thinned skinned this is not for you."
,Recommended,219640,7929846,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Mikoel™,Head rolling
,Recommended,219640,16926402,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,LeftCrusade™,"Good game, the best in the multiplayer slasher genre.Awful community, the worst I've ever seen."
76561198026466157,Recommended,219640,14462382,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Slice it nice82,where to start I mean wow this game is just awsome!this game is all about skilland teamwork and is so worth the 20$ it all so has fun mods that you can download and play by yourself. ok so lets get started with the pros and cons.Prostons of great maps made by modders and devs.combat is smooth.lots of game modeshas modsalot of wepons there is always one to suit your playstyle4 well thought out classes all with thier weaknesses and strengthsyou can seaver peoples limbs and facesservers are mostly acttive during the daygreat when you have a few friends that you want to make rage quit XDConssometimes you can fell cheated when you have lots of really high level guys killing you all the time.has cosmetics that cost alot of money $1.50 for a helmetpeople will kick you for no reason or just kick you for you so called high ping (normally kicked if you reach 200+)you can get killed by your team mates really easysome people are just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥no longer have new player servers for people level 0-15 so they make you play with level 50sconclusionover all this game is very fun I I get lots of blooded entertianment from it when I kill someone or slice their head this game is deffinetly worth buying. it will provide hours and hours of fun. but be ready to put at least 50 hours in it if you want to become a avrage player and I must admit at times it can get very frustrating getting no kills when you have 2 kills and 17 deaths. why are you still readding this hurry up and buy the god damm game!
,Recommended,219640,18100406,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,MixCro,"game is good, but there are too many skill differences on the same server, if you are just starting play on the low level servers"
,Recommended,219640,7860666,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Niggachu,It's a good game only a bit glitchy and buggy XD
76561197993347183,Recommended,219640,18250224,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Youma,Decent atmosphere and just enough complexity to have lasting appeal. You can find ways to have fun in this game for quite a while.
76561197964889006,Recommended,219640,195692,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,Saikron,"The best melee PvP of any game I've ever played. If you know of better, let us know."
,Recommended,219640,10945108,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sugar,Buggy as ♥♥♥♥.Doesn't work properly.10/10 Would Play again
,Recommended,219640,16390235,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,I beat Cuphead on expert,gud
,Recommended,219640,16399174,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,E7606,best 2.5 dollars i've ever spent
,Recommended,219640,365126,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,Squint,"So how is this game different from Mount & Blade, the progenitor medieval combat title of the hardware-accelerated era? It's not TOO terribly different, I'll get that out of the way now, but it does some things better, other things worse.First, unlocks are persistent, where M&B has a Counterstrike-style purchasing system. I like persistent unlocks. I don't have to limp along for a round or two before I can use the stuff I actually want to.Control defaults are laid out pretty strangely, and is probably Chivalry's weakest point. I prefer M&B's more intuitive mouse-gesture system for determining what kind of attack I do. With a bit of practice I've memorized how to attack how I want, but binding attacks to mouse-wheel up and down still feels weird. Clicking attack with your shield up does not bash, as it does in M&B, but it just performs a normal attack. Again, unintuitive. Kick and bash share their own key, and if you want to feint, that's another key you have to press while you're in the middle of a swing you clicked the mouse to initiate. It feels a bit like patting your head while rubbing your stomach. Hopefully more practice on my part irons this out.The game is prettier than M&B (though most games are) and maps make more use of terrain, enterable structures, and vertical gameplay. There are only six maps, but most of them have an objective mode which is a bit more interesting than cut-and-dry deathmatch (though deathmatch is your best bet for grinding unlocks). Oh, and you can chop off heads, arms, and legs—M&B doesn't have that!Infinitely more fun with friends than just pubbies, but hey, what game isn't? You can also hide text chat and mute voice chat entirely, so if you want to play but don't feel like seeing people whine in chat, just hide it and pretend you're playing against bots."
,Recommended,219640,16378047,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Cryx,Nice gore games
76561197977535482,Recommended,219640,16378540,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Amarterasu,"Great game for under 3 bucks. Once you get the hang of it, its insanely fun."
,Recommended,219640,101403,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,ActionMan,Chivalry is very well designed and fun... OH WHO CARES; THERE'S A BUTTON TO SCREAM AT PEOPLE!!!
76561198151558843,Recommended,219640,16387729,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,GeneralPoop,mac platform versionplease
76561198063446405,Recommended,219640,7593702,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,[Fr] LePoporc,FOR THE ORDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER !!!
76561198016316862,Recommended,219640,16395370,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Filipsss,"Play as knight,get stabbed to dead by 5 underweight archersthen swing your longsword and cut 3 heads with single swing11/10 would get stabbed again"
,Recommended,219640,1352361,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,Austera,"I find the objective-based modes boring, but the TDM and FFA servers are fun as hell. Beware of nerds though, cause they will literally toy with you and then combo you into oblivion. Other than that, the devs seem to have updated MW a lot and I can only recommend the DLC even more."
,Recommended,219640,16472050,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Plumbus,Your as stale as a biscuit after a long voyage. 11/10
,Recommended,219640,14811599,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,President Donald J. Trump,"Great game, although can be quite infuriating at times. Practice makes perfect, and with some luck you'll be getting better in no time. Best with friends/school proximity associates so you can communicate and do stuff as a team. Community is generally nice, with the ever existing exception.However, there ARE problems (I use mac- Yes, I know they aren't for gaming. No, I don't care)-Sound can be very buggy, jittering and sounding like it's rewinding.-Huge fps drops NOT due to system/connection-problems connecting to servers due to an ""error""-The tutorial world was bugged before it loaded-Random slo-mo on kill?However, I'm running an underpowered rig, so that may be it. Still a fun game, just needs some tweaking"
76561198099062218,Recommended,219640,13907192,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Unfriendly Ninja - 織田信長,Awesome♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,2367958,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,T H I R S T   B U S T E R,GET THOSE ARCHERS!
,Recommended,219640,14763156,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Brock,A crucible for the valiant warriors of Agatha; representatives of God the Almighty in Heaven. You will be baptized by blood and songs of your glorious victories will be sung for generations. Slay the Mason dogs and hear the lamentations of their women after their heads adorn our spears. If you do not enter the crucible you will reget you decision and shame will be brought to your family. Peasants need not apply.
76561198074867608,Recommended,219640,13745709,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,"""Coach"" Miller",This is a great game
76561198118305174,Recommended,219640,13062232,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Ariana Rose,One word:Awesome!
,Recommended,219640,13432378,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Cuca,I face an enemyHe shoot on myI Jump and kick him faceHe dies12/10Best Karate simulatorLike so much
,Recommended,219640,16391799,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SteriodalTomb,Lots of BloodLots of FightingLots of Team killingLots of Fun
76561198066996611,Recommended,219640,11093807,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,TheMemeMasseuse,I can write a review and I never owned this game. Pro Level? So Pro I don't even need the game to kick your♥♥♥♥♥
76561198061466403,Recommended,219640,13050038,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,KMFG75,good
76561198096693137,Recommended,219640,16067765,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Njordz,Awesome game! Bloody bath of enjoyment.
,Recommended,219640,11927997,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Inigo Montoya,"Polished gameplay, cool maps and an extremely high skill ceiling that can make the game feel incredibly satisfying after you become proficient with it.Sadly, your enjoyment of the game can't be based solely on your skill but is also dependent on the community, which has many, MANY hateful, childish and sadistic players who you come across frequently (in the EU scene, at least).Because the game is so riddled with bugs and known exploits, this kind of players (clan♥♥♥♥ and other sufficiently experienced players) will abuse these at every turn to gain a competitive edge, all-the-while berating others who call them out on it.Despite this, the game can be extremely fun and rewarding when played honourably against fair players. If you're patient and enjoy skill based games with a steep learning curve: get it. With all its flaws, even with a greedy and mostly incompetent dev team, the game has really high value for money. I've put over 800 hours into the game and still enjoy it. It's truly unique."
,Recommended,219640,19071477,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,The M,"This game is very fun, very good for 22,99 Euro"
76561198041036272,Recommended,219640,16653921,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CplWonk,"Very good game, FPS in medieval times!"
,Recommended,219640,12020032,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,[FoG] Pruu,ARGHHHHHH...AHHHHHHHH...WARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH...*Head chop*
76561198073197141,Recommended,219640,13134614,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Cabbus,Love making people's head's explode with my fists10/10
76561198094380752,Recommended,219640,12847092,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,spacepope117,I'm pretty sure I've died more times than everyone in the crusades and all of europes wars combined10/10would crusade again
,Recommended,219640,9650732,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Catatafish,One of the best games I have played on steam and it was free. I would just hope to see that it keeps getting updated with all the new patches :)
76561198037534161,Recommended,219640,9212233,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Suicidal Llamas,bacon is tasty so is chivalry
,Recommended,219640,12089706,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Cosmic Gandhi,it is hard and fun and it is also fun to play with you're friends!!!
,Recommended,219640,13021082,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Sushifighter,Kawaii in the streets. Senpai in the sheets.
,Recommended,219640,13059368,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Amberly,I love this  game. It brings 2 of my favorite things in a gameMedieval and sliceing heads offwould reccomend if you like both
76561197989111314,Recommended,219640,13036936,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,xkilroyx,"Brutal,Intense,bloody,need i say more?!"
76561197997477789,Recommended,219640,9088814,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,tiltED,"Its like meth, yet you can feel when you lose a limb."
76561197972276260,Recommended,219640,13054904,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Youyou,Funny
,Recommended,219640,12923078,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,✞ Ｐｈａｎｔｏｍ ♪,IS THIS GAME REAL?
76561198090966688,Recommended,219640,13152676,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Spirit,Brutal. Bloody. Good stuff.
,Recommended,219640,1185106,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,X@0$,hardcore medieval warfare! must have!
,Recommended,219640,13273094,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,zaber2003,"Hacking people to pieces and tons of fun. I just love the combat screams, LOL10000/10"
,Recommended,219640,11211026,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Michael,You join a FFA server and then start communicating through voice commands. That made my 70 hour experience
76561198009880016,Recommended,219640,2602920,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,(HMG)skmarsh,very good game lots of fun much better than mount and blade by a long shot
,Recommended,219640,12140886,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Tai Ming Keepo ୧σ ͜つσ୨,Still a better love story than TwillightFreiberg Magazin 11/10
76561198028829590,Recommended,219640,13108925,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,randomtask777,"One of the best multiplayer games I have ever played, Im a ten year+ gamer"
76561198090875874,Recommended,219640,13072809,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,NC,i love it so much that i want to play it everysingle day and unlock everysingle weapon and be very very very very very very happy
,Recommended,219640,13096449,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,The Power of God and Anime,"Awesome Game!Graphics 10/10Game Play 9/10Realism 9/10I love the blood and the gore the most of this game. First 30 minutes of playing, I knew I would get my money's worth out of this game. Over all, its a perfect game to play with friends. :)"
76561198071331677,Recommended,219640,13099156,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Devilofawesome,"Staggered  through a 30 player arena free-for-all, only to duel with players named Shrek and Donkey.10/10 Would cherish love and life again."
76561197972965781,Recommended,219640,610872,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Bane,juegazo
,Recommended,219640,13724593,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Descatusat,This immediately became my go to multiplayer vs game after my first session. I've wanted to try it out for years. Disappointed that I am only now discovering how great it is.
76561198066180801,Recommended,219640,6432209,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Jimmy_Carter,"Get this game. it is awesome, its very gory and cool."
,Recommended,219640,25819940,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,pelef,just ♥♥♥♥ my♥♥♥♥♥♥up alright
,Recommended,219640,4777939,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Chapter Master Temperus Maximus,"Great game, buy it while it's on discount!"
,Recommended,219640,16363680,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Skynet,(1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1) X ( < 9000)
,Recommended,219640,16456635,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Vexed,Bought 2 days ago.Had real life stuff to do.Try the game.I became a medieval knight.F*** the stuff.I fight for the king now!
,Recommended,219640,30228649,Posted: 27 February,all,Coconutcake42,How to play this game:1) Choose Vanguard class2) Charge at enemy3) Die4) Repeat5) Profit
,Recommended,219640,8318062,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dingo the Invincible,This game is really fun to play when im banned from counter-strike. It is totally worth 25 dollars.
,Recommended,219640,14596917,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,WhiteSoulszZ,This game its very good and have so much fun :D
76561198008259826,Recommended,219640,17563750,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,TheDog,"well gave this a go and i gotta say, its bloody briliant lol yes pun intended. the only thing that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off was having too many people on one of the free-for-all matches on a small♥♥♥♥♥map. spawn in and people are hitting you already... but some of the objective maps are pretty well balanced. really fun game and for the most part pretty respectful players. if there is only 1 man remaining on a team then more than often you will see the oposing team go 1 on 1 with the remaining guy. the others just stand, watch, and taunt you lol. of course somethimes theres that♥♥♥♥♥♥team that just bum rushes you with all they have but whatever. still a great game, worth the money spent"
76561198057723108,Recommended,219640,6037383,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Svepet - iNDX,"Awsome, just awsome"
76561198064251352,Recommended,219640,16379048,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TheMeanCanadian,"An enjoyable experience of pitting player versus player in bloody battles with complex combat. The dynamic and immersive combat system allows skill to prevail over all else... except perhaps over blindly swinging a greatsword, that sometimes works too."
,Not Recommended,219640,8266529,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Iron and Earth,"Truly terrible.This is one of those games that look like so much fun in the videos. It looks like so much fun on Youtube. It looks like so much fun, so long as you're not the one playing it.Get ready for the most appalling attempt at a medieval combat game ever. When you're not dealing with some truly horrific hit detection, be prepared to watch in amazement as your feeble attempts at blocking do absolutely nothing to stop your enemies frenzied attempts to left-click you into oblivion. Be astounded as your halberd passes through your foes chest, only for him to remain unscathed, and then decapitate you with his dagger from 8 feet away!The community is your standard bunch of players. Some pretty nice guys, others make you ashamed to call yourself fellow human beings. Maps are decent and interesting. The game that's not based around the actual combat deserves the 8/10 it has. The part of the game that involves you hitting other people is what you should give a miss.This game is famous because it is unique in what it is and offers. It's a shame that such potential is wasted on this subpar excuse for a melee-based multiplayer game."
,Recommended,219640,26090058,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,I miss you guys,"Although this game is a few years old,there are still servers up and running from around the world.From Asia to North America and I can see why everybody still plays this game till this day.What made this game so fun for me was playing it with friends,just 2-3 hours playing this I have had such a blast fighting my friends on the same team not doing the objectives XD,overrall if you're planning on finding a game to play with friends,this game would be perfect : )"
,Not Recommended,219640,15686807,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Tenkh✅,"Sometimes funny and good, but most of the time irritating."
,Recommended,219640,12060432,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Admiral Swaggensbury,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a unique game with by far the most realistic swordplay I've seen anywhere.The main strength of Chivalry is its character. You could make the most brilliant game ever regarding the mechanics and narrative, but without character, that x-factor/the zazz the game would barely be worth playing.CMW has hilarious dialogue, a story that you're introduced to and part of, but isn't crammed down your throat. You can play team games or free for alls, or even more fun than that engage in duels with other players. I found that dueling was more fullfilling than the team-based game modes on the grounds that when there are multiple people fighting one person it's easy to predict the winner. I can't even count how many times I was ""zerg rushed"" by the opposing team while my own ran around doing god knows what. Dueling is fair, it's just your wits against your opponent's.The biggest issue however is ping. This isn't always a problem, but in a game about timing and reactions any form of latency means the death of you, and living in Australia somewhere other than a capital city I endured this every time I loaded up the game save the first time (I know not why), it's a brilliant game but no good if you can't actually play it."
,Recommended,219640,10786919,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Who_Dat_NinjaBoy <MHN>,10/10
,Recommended,219640,11630387,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TTJake,"Has micro-transactions0/100In all honesty, it WAS a good game, then an update comes, takes away all of your weapons and becomes a mobile game."
,Not Recommended,219640,10138836,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Gestur,does not have throwing knife
76561198042754891,Recommended,219640,4875767,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Manche,Brutal!
,Recommended,219640,10686720,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mexican,"VERY VERY fun game, lots of gore to"
76561198025216398,Recommended,219640,10690627,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ellygree,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare has many interesting traits.Pros:First, its fighting mechanics are outstanding and really feels like you are in the combat.Second, the people fighting in game are always kind and helpful. Unhelpful people are rare.Third, it is very much a skill based game requiring lots of effort to learn how to fight and to fight proficiently. Once you learn how to fight it becomes very fun to get into 1v1 battles, 1v2 battles, 1v3 or more.Lastly, the sounds and graphics are well made and immerses the player into the game.Cons:If you get easily angered and frustrated this is definitely not your game. In the beginning you will die quite a lot and it will be very rage inducing; I know I have ragequit this game multiple times.The archery mechanic is very difficult to get the hang of and if you like sniping like me you will be disappointed quite a bit in the beginning by not getting those headshots.For younger players be informed now that the gore cannot be turned off.Tips:I recommend watching or reading a few tutorials on combat to begin with. After that, practice practice practice. Nothing is more satisfying in the game then when you perform a combo and decapitate a few knights and vanguards."
,Recommended,219640,27225821,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ℐℎℯ KλrBo_™csgoroll.com,NOTPLAYEDJETBUTLETSTRYTHISOUT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,219640,2099425,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Bob the Bodacious Buttslammer,"Owned this game for years. Would normally recommend it.Game has stagnated and the community is rotten. Gameplay is focused around abusing bugs and un-fixed mechanics. IE: Full damage drags. What was once a game with a nice, realistic, meaty gameplay is now a mess of high sensitivity and spazzing out with unnatural swings and motions. The community not only praises and relies on these broken mechanics, they actively dislike and make intended mechanics (feinting) a taboo.If you're new to this game, avoid it. If you're old to it like I am, keep abusing those mechanics as I'm forced to."
,Not Recommended,219640,16922797,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,WingedPanda,"Close the chat, don't type anything after that you'll start having fun. But only buy this on sale otherwise it's not worth your money."
,Recommended,219640,24877992,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TheGrimReapersScythe,"With a skill based and fun combat system I get the feeling of a souls like experience with blood flying and brothers dying, I personally enjoyed and no lifed over this game with pvp alone being the draw in! This game will no doubt leave you feeling like you've been to a medieval war even if its just a little."
,Recommended,219640,30906503,Posted: 2 April,all,Macaco Monarca,playing with agatha is fun until you get full off blood and getting pursued by teamkillers
76561198188047990,Recommended,219640,16464838,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[NTN] Kraudo,You can scream while running towards the enemies 11/10.
,Recommended,219640,1380089,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,SpoonyDrip,"Beheading people is a very, very satisfying experience!"
,Recommended,219640,17161223,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ghendor,"Agathian Man At Arms:""It's a fine peasant rebellion you have here.""""You call that a Coat of Arms?""""After I've run you through, next is your mother.""""You smell like a woman!""""It looks like the peasants rose up, and found swords.""""Oh, I've had sheep that put up more fight than you.""""Your sword looks a little short, if you know what I mean.""""Show me your backside, 'tis your best side!""Agathian Archer:""The battle's this way, gorgeous!""""Oh my, aren't you handsome? Better not turn my back on you.""""If you're trying to kill me, you're going the wrong way!""""Maybe if you throw enough of them, one of them will actually hit me.""""You sure got a lot of armor on!""""That's a pretty big sword! Are you compensating for something?""""Don't look at me like that... it's creepy!""""You fight well, I shall name a daughter after you!""""Come here and fight me like a man!""Agathian Vanguard:""I was searching for a fool, when I found you!""""YOU ARE A LUMP OF FOUL DEFORMITY!""""Hoohoo, I do declare you're open to incontinence!""""You cankers swelled so much, that they have stretched the sides of the world.""""What a fry of fornication of is upon me.""""I would love to beat thee, but I shall infect my hands.""""Why you are a man of wax?""Agathian Knight:""Oh, he is smart like my shoe!""""Dost thou prate, rogue?""""Dost thou jeer and t-taunt me in the teeth?""""Zounds! I was never so bethumped with words""""Frightful armour does well to disguise peevish nature!""""Dost thou insist to fill the world with vicious qualities!""Mason MaA:""You are pigeon livered, and you lack any gall!""""Your wife, is a hobby horse!""""Your virginity breeds mice! Much like a cheese!""""There's no more fight in thee, than in a stewed prune!""""Your brain, is as dry as a biscuit after a long voyage!""""You scullion! I'll tickle your catastrophe!""""You should be women, and yet your beards forbid me from interpreting that you are so!""Mason Archer:""You'll never be half the man your mother is!""""Is this the best your house has to offer?!""""Are you lost in thought? It must be unfamilliar territory!""""I've been better things fall of the rear of a horse!""""Your all foam and no mead!""""You must be drunk!""""Drop! Into the rotten mouth of death!""""Your parents! Are they siblings!?""Mason Vanguard:""You aren't fit to govern, let alone live!""""Come you tedious fool, to the purpose!""""Is that chain mail? Or are you wearing a dress?!""""C'mere you! I like you!""""Over here, squire! I need help with my codpiece!""""I'll split you open like a ripe melon!""""Each one of you is worse than the other!""""You're like a wench, whose natural gifts were poor!""Mason Knight:""Here's a kind of excelent, dumb discourse!""""What a comedy is your defiance!""""Thou drone! Thou slug! Thou snail! Thou salt!""""Art thou my eunuch? I shall make it so!""""Your wife provided fitter sport!""""They flock together in consent, like so many wild geese.""""Go off! I discard you! Let me enjoy my privates!""""Here's a kind of excellent dumb discourse!"""
,Recommended,219640,2166917,"Posted: 6 November, 2012",all,Mac Daddy,gud
,Recommended,219640,8873840,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Darkwish,"People seem to get discouraged after playing higher leveled opponents since after 15 you have to play with the big boys. But just like any good multiplayer game there is a high skill ceiling and you have to put in the time to get better. Overall great game, hours of fun!"
,Recommended,219640,7391130,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,XEK!!!!,One word..... Sick!
76561198055760250,Recommended,219640,5873199,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,Aimless,fun game especially with friends.....
,Recommended,219640,10483866,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,PsQz,"i like this game. It is one of the best games ive ever played ( i say that and ive only got 1.6 hours of it ) since it is easy to teun on a decent omputer, it has blood, you can hack off  peoples balls and you can dropshot.1.6 MILLION / 30"
76561198043607816,Recommended,219640,10574310,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Hoardis,"sure hope they'll make screaming simulator 2.don't forget to check out screaming simulator 1.5, it was good as well."
,Recommended,219640,12097423,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ToMoS1080,"Like other reviewers have said, youre gunna get teamkilled a lot so prepare yourself for rage. Should be tagged under simulation as its a great teamkill simulator and rage simulator if youre all about annoying random people by accident and having them threatening to come to your house and do things to female family members and kill you, which i SOOO am. Youll find yourself screaming FOR AGATHAAA in everyday situations and also the need to pillage things. Its fantastic a must-play game for people who love to shout and decapatate teammates and foes alike. 10/10"
76561198035897530,Recommended,219640,11646533,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,SexTrumpet,"This game is an absolute treat!  If you want to hear violent screams and swing medieval weapons at people in the first person perspective, then this is the game for you! It's also a great addition when your getting on the load."
,Recommended,219640,11754701,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,ThatGuyStu,"Chivalry is an amazing first person sword fighting game with silly gore elements. BUY IT. BUY NAO!First of all, this game has a learning curve that makes it amazing. Basically one of the only modern games to come out that required learning how to manupliate the game, people are going to call you a noob for using manupliative technqiues like rainbowing and ACCEL overhead, and dragging but really nobody gives cares. Watch a few youtube videos to give yourself time to practice from the start, of course these techniques really only apply to the vanguard or knight, they never the less  can stll be done with MAA and archer, basically learn these to be ahead of the noobs by miles. The gameplay is highly competitive and amazing.Second point: The community is compact and full of trolls with the occasional nice guy. Any complaints or negative opinions about how the game is played by people and you'll be called a whiner or be told to learn to play. You'll get the rank 50 that has spent 1000 hours on the game and always says 'REKT' everytime you lose to him. However the community is great because you'll always see the same people always around, it gives a strong sense of community and rivalry.GRAPHIX: they're good, nuff saidThird point: If you use javelins or LMB spam in TDM, You deserve to be kicked out the dining hall window.Conclusion: Chivalry is amazing, Buy it when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,219640,11775946,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Aanal,i dont kown this game
,Recommended,219640,10156476,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,MLG Waterbottle,10/10 Would fist again.
,Recommended,219640,10205667,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Mulch Maker,"Guilty Pleasure Game. Mindless PvP, especially Free For All. Team stuff is great too. A few issues, but nothing gamebreaking. Easy to learn, tough to get really good at. But you will get good enough to make everything around you bleed... a lot. Fun to decapitate and eviserate enemies up close. Did I mention How awesome Free For All is?I actually enjoy the PvP in Chivalry MORE THAN Battlefield 4, and the game is not even as formal as team fortress 2, as far as learning curve goes. VERY easy to get started in, then fun to try and REALLY learn it.I am not saying that it is as great as Team Fortress 2, but it certainly does what it does very well and is very easy to get hooked on. Nothing grand here, mind you, just some PvP with good responsive controls and no permanent penalty on death. It's Fun. It really is."
,Recommended,219640,14162117,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,acid,must have. much blood many fun. such wow
,Recommended,219640,10725896,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,КрАсАвИцА***,"Very enjoyable game, espesialy when playing with friends. but it is one of the most rage endused games out there, get ready to break some keyboards, and put holes in the wall if you play this game!"
76561198031964263,Recommended,219640,13935053,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Draco,Man at arms.
,Recommended,219640,20265943,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,-8Bits R 'Nuff-,"I was sceptic at first, screenshots didn't help. So I decided to watch people play it.Bought it. Love it. That's it."
76561198112347527,Recommended,219640,20269464,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ferdi,Great game with good and fun mechanics. But with a very immature and rude community.
,Recommended,219640,20271194,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jadon,fun game to play with friends and have a good laugh
,Recommended,219640,20260602,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Papi Schmoop,awesome game rcommend it for everyone who likes fast paced awesome medieval warfare with awesome maps and cool gamemodes
,Recommended,219640,20226387,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,anonymous2point0,"This is a simple and fun game. Yes there is a lot of death within the combat and tactics of this game, but, ultimately, it is simple. This simplicity is what keeps it fun and what keeps me coming back for more."
76561197984181815,Recommended,219640,13708792,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Darth Artickus,"This is the best game in this genre so far! A really good massive multiplayer battles in medieval decorations, different classes and weapons, good amount of playable maps and game types (although would like some sieges in team objective to be longer and maybe more massive). But this is a really true and good game with two different fractions fighting each other till the last blood drop falls with great sounds, decapitations and screams!Verdict - Strongly reccomended if you are into the fight and medieval!"
,Not Recommended,219640,10961565,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Markie,"Game has turned into arcade hack and slash, used to be a fun different game. Now it's just average"
76561198153175601,Recommended,219640,18002272,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Arg0,"A very fast pace,competive game. A little buggy, and a little laggy, but all in all a good game"
,Recommended,219640,28580656,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Råymøŋd,The most addictive game I have ever played in my life.
,Recommended,219640,8177417,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,✪CaptainRex,"If you like blood, guts and gore and have that desperate urge to decapitate those pescey archers then this is the game for you"
76561198031338066,Recommended,219640,11591230,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Frank Gallagher,"You choose a guy, choose your sword, swing it all over, die and die and die till you get that this game takes much more than tactical FPS games to master. You need strategy, right positioning, swinging and blocking at the very right time.I bought this game when it was on summer sale in June and i believe its worth every penny even if you don't buy it on a discount. Don't even bother to read comments like ""Community is so scrwed up, learning curve too steep bla bla bla"". This game is not kind of what everyone would love and this game is also for tough players. You can be a loser all the time. Or maybe you can be a 2 level guy slaughtering kickass masters in a server, trust me, i saw it. It depends on liking it and being talented in it, its about you. Consider buying this game two times before you buy it, watch gameplay videos and read why people say it is good. You may love it, you may hate it. 10/10"
76561198027091235,Recommended,219640,16581307,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,david271749,This is what Elder Scrolls Online's PVP should have been.
76561197979914748,Recommended,219640,16582757,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,The Brain,"This game is challenging, but extremely badass at times. Even after 100 hours I still feel like a new player at times. I definitely keep playing because of the  badass factor. Being able to run around with a sword, pike, bow, etc. just feels great! Even when I stop playing I'll be able to think back on awesome boughts that were only possible because of practice, timing, and a bit of luck. I recommend it for people who want to put in the time and don't get terribly frustrated with dying a lot when you first start.PS: Deadliest Warrior is a blast as well, I'd almost say it is my favorite, minus the occasional bug and overall lack of consistent players. This sale is helping the numbers though!"
,Recommended,219640,24277607,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Mr.Hapy,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,219640,3764878,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,GrandpaWorm,"This game is REALLY enjoyable. Basically FPS, but with medieval equipment.I find its combat system way better than Mount & Blade's. Each attack has it's own mouse button, you dont need to swing your mouse wildly to a direction you want to attack/defend from. The blocking is executed with one button, but to block successfully you need to time it right, and aim it as well (unless you have a shield, but even then an enemy has many ways around it)Game is filled with blood and gore. You can chop your enemies into pieces (literally) with swords, axes, halberds.... Or if you prefer, smash their brains out with a BIG, HEAVY, HAMMER! Don't forget to spam the war cry button [C] while charging with your teammates at them puny peasants!One downside: no singleplayer"
,Recommended,219640,17915871,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Lemon Weezy 🍋,"Fantastic game based on reaction and skill. Unparallelled replayability. Don't expect to be entertained for many hours at a time, but do expect the game to never get old."
,Recommended,219640,5377004,"Posted: 5 February, 2013",all,Zartorg,Pros:+ you get to decapitate enemies+ new dlc with all new types of warriors+ arrows hurt+ controls are good+ decapitations+ medievaland moreCons:- bad AI- slow learning curve- need a good pc to run the game- not many servers in Australia- needs more salt
76561198034782971,Recommended,219640,12575982,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Doctor Innocuous,"One of the most addicting games ive ever played. Every class is equally important and fun, the combat is both difficult and gruesome. Its easy to get into and hard to get out of. Also if you get the deadliest warrior dlc you can play as a ninja or a viking or a spartan... which is goddamn awesome."
,Recommended,219640,12590169,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Sinable,"There is really no reason not to get this game. I have played quite a few hours on it, and there has only been a few bugs, and only a few of those were the bad kind :P.The game is all you would expect in a mid-evil type war style, like in a movie."
,Recommended,219640,10973245,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SLIRSORINO,"Игра великолепная, всем советую купить"
,Recommended,219640,16089196,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ya boi gabe,Infested with tryhards. 4/10 Feels like Call of Duty.
76561198063978413,Recommended,219640,26990348,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PASTOR (BR),Pure fun!
76561198123072749,Recommended,219640,21023060,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,SPOON,FOR AGATHA! diedFOR THE ORDER! died- 10/10 would like to cut off people's head
76561198030410906,Not Recommended,219640,16080612,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Sig083,Clunky mechanics. There doesnt seem to be much skill involved here just keep swinging. Also the shields and blocking are horrendous. Nothing like watching a weapon clip thru your shield while you have it poised for the block.This is one of the worst melee battle games ive ever played.
,Recommended,219640,30794224,Posted: 28 March,all,Gadget,Its a cool game but i spent like £15 on it now its free :P i would want my money back but it is what it is
76561198144801563,Recommended,219640,26089429,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Magus,"Bought it for £1.89Best deal I've gotten yet. This game is great, mechanics are smooth, fun to play, a lot of blood and gore <3if u kno me and r reading dis...am sorry. :^("
76561198084725285,Recommended,219640,19842895,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Corentix,The best medieval fps ever.
,Recommended,219640,12876898,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,sosig,"a game where weapon choice determines skillits good but deadliest warrior is better, sorry(ninjas and vikings are cool ok)"
,Recommended,219640,23777138,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Max,"Love it, admins are fast to respond"
,Recommended,219640,2724836,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,⎛⎝Ibuki Mioda⎠⎞,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,219640,23895026,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Deacon,Heyy thats pretty good my dudes
,Recommended,219640,19331908,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,aStiffSausage,"Chivalry is not dead yet! It's like Battlefield, 500 years ago!Definitely worth the price I bought this one for, 4.59 euros. Hell, I'd be happy to pay the original price for this. Or the 4-pack price."
76561198022034726,Recommended,219640,3397879,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,SoulHunter,Best slaughter game ever!
,Recommended,219640,20487041,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Tyrion son of Tywin,Great game to just mess around on!The combat is addictive as ever and can really get you on the edge of your seat. Team kills are hilarious and the community is awesome! Totally reccomend this game!
,Recommended,219640,20433433,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Kenpo Gamer,great casual game to play when you find yourself doing nothing on steam
76561198065284407,Recommended,219640,23853501,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Leutnant Johann Lawerenz,faster and more dynamic than Mount and Blade which makes it a lot better on multiplayer
,Not Recommended,219640,18019791,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Çekindırılıst,yukuıkjhkukjjh
76561198068211737,Recommended,219640,16780395,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,xNightcrawlerx,nice
76561198315685906,Recommended,219640,24000788,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ristos VAskrse,"Great fun,awesome game overall!"
,Recommended,219640,28667353,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MAF10Z | csgoatse.com,Hit. hit. hit. hit. hit. hit.  10/10 in his genre.
,Recommended,219640,9865986,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Wyman,"Chivalry delivered an excellent combat experience. I thoroughly enjoyed Medieval Warfare, and it has become moderately popular. It has that factor that TF2 had on me where the community can double as competitive and funny as hell. Sadly, its brother Deadliest Warrior has a problem with being mostly empty servers in my area. My main complaint is that it requires a powerful computer to run, and very good internet. Probably due to optimization. The game looks great Torn Banner, I'm very happy with my purchase!"
,Recommended,219640,24858916,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hedgehog,"Really Good game It could be Even better  if developers dont patch some  movement feels , velocity, provide more attacks, But overwall IF you have friends who want to play a game this i do recommend sometimes it's off when you play alone you feel like.VIOLINS."
76561198065837169,Not Recommended,219640,20236115,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Swirly,Admins suck♥♥♥♥
76561198039241235,Recommended,219640,26842300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,qwerty,"It looks like the peasants rose up, and found swords."
,Recommended,219640,20393394,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,UnaiOriphis,"On the basis that i got a 4 pack of chivalry for just over £5 in the holiday sales.I give it10/10 for multiplayer functionallity9/10 for Gameplay (very few minor bugs)6/10 for training map voice acting( 10/10 for the lolz i had in training listening to it. its not bad that its bad )10/10 spectator mode9/10 fun factorI believe for my single copy from the 4 pack i got my £1.35 worth in training mode listening to the funny npcs and completing the course. After only 4 hours gameplay im giving this a positive review.I dont believe its worth the full price these days but at 50% or less id say this is a game you can play between games or get stuck in for hours. The game is extremely fun. Its medieval COD with many game modes fast action and hardcore elimination modes for extra fidelity. The blocking in this game is what really seals the immersion in battle and is extremely rewarding especially when you manage to block against 2 or 3 players all swinging at you(youll still probably lose that fight unless your Mr Chuck Norris).Definately pick this up when its on a sale you wont regret it. You might if you pay full price as its not a new game and the little niggly bugs arent game breaking/blocking but seem to be there to stay according to other reviews here. Please understand That battlefield, COD and every other so called AAA game saga has roughly the same amount of bugs/glitches in their games. So dont let this frighten you off."
76561198142256009,Recommended,219640,18523370,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,WhiteLupus,I am going to buy it.. COOL Game with an interesting multiplayer gameplay. ThX :)
,Recommended,219640,20064292,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Frosty,10/10 - Extremely fun :)
,Recommended,219640,1342632,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,⌘Ørtona43␘,Just to let people know....the sever browser for this game is a piece of crap!!
,Recommended,219640,13671128,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tyrone Biggums,"Really fun game, never get's old. Game doesn't get old and doesn't seem like it will any time soon, not a sit and play for hours straight type of game though. Very well developed, highly recommended."
,Recommended,219640,20428427,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,⊱Agent-Smashface⊰,Really amazing game!Think PvP Skyrim.Very graphic.Very hard game to master.Really fun and addictive game.9/10
,Recommended,219640,8687913,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,anxiousAiden,Buy it
76561198087618374,Recommended,219640,7885804,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Buzzerdog,Very good game hard to get used to but once you get the hang of it dem heads are falling off :D
,Recommended,219640,19851339,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Saucishon,"Great concept, now duplicated by AAA studios (Ubisoft's upcoming For Honnor).Huge amounts of fun, choping heads and limbs off of opponents is really pleasant.Another one of those games that give you huge amounts of room for improvement. You'll clearly see the difference with veteran players.Lots of customization available and a good community.Some classes or weappons taint the game but generally it's just a lot of fun.I honestly don't have a reason not to buy this game."
,Recommended,219640,14466060,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,CM - No Chat,"This game is tricky. It's actually a fairly hard game. It takes a lot to get good at it, and all the while you're getting you butt kicked, which can be a downer. Even so, it really can be a fun game. Overall, yeah, get it."
76561198034837135,Recommended,219640,4271342,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,papadonkey,"Its awesome, buy it if u can"
,Recommended,219640,22552781,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Fomka.exe,"Interesting but boring dueling system,bad optimisation,not the best balancing of classes and very bad community (This is not reason why you wouldn't buy the game)I recommend buying this on sale6/10"
76561197963164050,Not Recommended,219640,19505259,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,NighT WolF,"It was a nice game, until the devs started to listen to the wrong part of the community. Now this game is just trash and pretty much dead compared to the time when it came out."
,Recommended,219640,17841650,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Akhbibi Kasheesh,HHEEEEEEELLLP!)!!!  HEEELPP MEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76767694930322335,Recommended,219640,6915958,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Bulk Slogan,best game for me love it
,Recommended,219640,9199893,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Wraith of Mordor,If you people like that good old First-person Medieval Carnage then this is the game for you. I personally am in love with this game. If multiplayer servers aren't enough then you can create your own battle with bots. Its highly realistic with the cutting of limbs ect. This game is a must have!
76561198150361856,Recommended,219640,20835959,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,thekillerxxx,it is good
76561198079484187,Recommended,219640,25477524,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Toods,Still alive and well.
76561198026109953,Recommended,219640,25480484,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Big K,"Really loving this game, The graphics are good, there is always servers with tons of people and the different classes are awesome too.Also, Slingshot best weapon"
,Recommended,219640,25481812,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SkullRadar,"♥♥♥♥ yes. Decapatating fools, lopping off limbs, wrecking the face of any knight that crosses your path. A ridiculously fun game, pick it up at some point."
76561197984736579,Recommended,219640,13027987,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Dekarflamon,"Highly addictive gameplay, however it is a very steep learning curve to learn how to play and get good. If you are into bashing other guys with maces, claymores, pikes, or even a good ole boot to the chest (THIS IS SP....Chivalry) this is the game for you. If you prefer bright colored games that you play on your smartphone that make dings and whistles every time you do something, then this game is NOT for you."
,Recommended,219640,3696835,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Manthony Higgs,"An excellent game, with simle-yet-deep combat and interesting team objectives.  Duel mode is a blast too, and Free-For-All is deliciously chaotic.  It can be very unforgiving though, so be prepared to die a lot."
,Recommended,219640,1504846,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,Huu,"Absolutely brilliant, most rewarding and frustrating medieval pvp package ever made.9+/10"
,Recommended,219640,9821398,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Areth,decapitated heads/10
76561198044935739,Recommended,219640,5089917,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,AlexRoC,9/10 excellent!
,Not Recommended,219640,17995003,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Archaos the Mad Bro,"What most people discribe as ""Working as intended"" is extremly aggrivating, turns my boner limp and completely ruins my exerpiance of the game. Everybody starres at the ground, making an overhead swing hit 10x faster then what it would in real life, or even possibly in the game.The core aspect of this game: Abuse every mechanic as much as you can, ruin it for everybody else and then take a♥♥♥♥♥♥on the devs.Boner gone, so is my money."
76561198091416273,Recommended,219640,17957444,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Aspartame Daddy,Missing limbs simulator
,Recommended,219640,17957934,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,.dino,"The best medieval War game out there, great graphics aswell as good gameplay"
76561198127418789,Recommended,219640,17958845,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,armordonio,just buy it already!
76561198165877194,Recommended,219640,17960506,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Arthur Ruygenhil,´Tis but a fleshwound´.......The joy of being killed by your fellow teammates and sniping archers.10/10 would smash teammates again.
,Recommended,219640,17905841,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all, DMB ,- Chivalry was free- Joined a game- Tried Man-at-Arms- Snuck up behind a guy with Heavy Armor- Backstabbed him- Did nothing- Stabbed him again- Slowly turns around- Swings fat♥♥♥♥♥Axe once- Cuts my head off- I die- Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Become guy with big Axe- Man-at-Arms jumps and stabs me in the face- I die♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,219640,17899243,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,G.,you can cut in half a watermelon10 /10 would cut again
76561198038866156,Recommended,219640,17954087,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,WellSpokenToken,Behead your friends and enemies.
,Recommended,219640,17874751,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,HareBear,"Awesome game. Tons of fun. Similar to L4D, in the way that every game/match is a different experience."
76561197961250838,Recommended,219640,17867566,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Loosebuttholeliam,"Gay, butt cool."
,Recommended,219640,17646119,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Baguetteman 3007,"""COME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME HITHERCOME H-""*Gets decapitated by teammate*""SORRY""I rate this vote kick simulator 6 beheaded men at arms out of 6."
76561197998307338,Recommended,219640,17658432,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Mithy,"DOST THOU PRATE, ROGUE??"
76561198138585704,Recommended,219640,17755553,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Biiioooo,chivalry balarina warfare!
,Recommended,219640,17743253,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,affection^,Beheading simulator
,Recommended,219640,17269011,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Dank Double Donker Yellownes,"If you can tolerate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,then this is the best game for you."
,Recommended,219640,17230165,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,skellyz,People get mad at you when you talk chivalrous and punch people to death.
,Recommended,219640,17509538,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,KNACK IS BACK,"This is my favourite multiplayer game, with a pretty good community and an even better combat system. Play it and kill the Mason ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.... FOR AGATHA."
,Recommended,219640,17526281,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,RawWild,A L'ASSSSSSSSSSSAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTT !!!!!!*Vous avez été tué*
,Recommended,219640,17449320,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,A Rather Festive Saggybuttcheeks,black people yelling in each other
76561198052522685,Recommended,219640,17461089,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Zowieberner,"I just love burning people in the glory of R'hollor, lord of light.Seriously tho, the learning curve can be a jerk, but this game can be quite amusing."
76561198044605552,Recommended,219640,13142615,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Marrow,Killed my friend who was on a killing streak with a cross bow from accros the map 11/10 would lose a friend again
76561198137323175,Recommended,219640,13931419,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,theFrozenSquid,you want to take your anger out on something?  then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,219640,13543961,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,AsasinCreed#FCRB,It is a good day.....to DIEEEEEEE!!
,Recommended,219640,11112839,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,AniBoyz,Just saw my leg getting chopped off while the enemy vigorously continued to teabag me while i waited to respawn.10/10
76561198075856145,Recommended,219640,11203781,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,[LBY] The Lord of Lean,gud game
76561198061599013,Recommended,219640,10285568,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Seb The Happy Fish,"This is an extremely good game but its not without its downsides.The melee fighting engine is one of the best out there with every weapon feeling weighty and powerful. They are all well balanced with not one weapon or character being overpowered. It's truly a game about skill and precision (something i dont claim to have) and favours those who use tactics in their method of attack.However, there are many glitches that can frquently occur including one that I expierienced causing a total game freeze only rectified by a total system restart. Weapon sometimes dont hit when they should and the developers need to sdress some of these issues.If your looking for an amazing medieval fighting game and can withstand some glitches and bugs this is one of the best games out there and definetely worth your time."
,Recommended,219640,11746717,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Chill Pill,"The review:Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a first (and third) person slashing/shooting (if you use a bow) game, where a group of seemingly random factions of various Medieval warriors fight each other in fictional but realistic locations. There are several game-modes such as standard Team Deathmatch, Last Team Standing, Team Objective, Free for All (aka Deathmatch), and probably a few others I forgot to mention. The gameplay itself is actually quite fun and addictive IF and ONLY IF you can master the combat mechanics, if you cannot you will HATE this game. During it's free weekend many months ago I was terrible, but after watching people play it on YouTube and playing it myself after buying it in a Steam Sale I got the hang of it and am not too bad (I'm not pro, but I'm not a noob either).I don't recommend playing in the third-person mode, even though it does give you the advatage of seeing someone coming up behind you before they're close enough to hit you (and actually, some servers do have third-person mode disabled). The reason I don't recommend using TPM is simply because it ruins the gameplay in my opinion - the game is supposed to be a bit challenging, and being able to see behind you removes that aspect of the challenge. In addition, this isn't World of Warcraft - so aiming is harder, and watching those choppyish animations, at least for me, is just terrible! I can't stand it, but that may be because I'm used to WoW's smooth animations.Lastly, remember that this is an Indie game, it was not developed or published by a big-budget studio like Valve, Bethesda, Activision, or Blizzard - it was developed and published (on Steam) by Torn Banner Studios, and as far as I know this is their first and only game? (Correct me if I'm wrong on that, please.) And for that I do give this game a lot of respect, because it is fun, it looks pretty damn good (graphics-wise - it runs on UE3), and it's the only first-person online slasher game I know of that doesn't suck.Now, onto the DLC - Deadliest Warrior: it's not as good as the original game. The fighting mechanics feel much more choppy and this makes it harder to play. It feels almost as if it was rushed, although I don't know if this is the case. It does feel like Torn Banner tried someting new - and it didn't work out - I just wish they could revert the combat ""clunkyness"" back from the original game. It seems like a totally different group of people worked on the combat system, and tried to make their own, rather than just use the one that already existed in Medieval Warfare. While I do like Deadliest Warrior, I don't play it as much, and find it more frustrating and less fun than the base game.Pros:It is quite fun, and if you get good at it, pretty time-consuming. In addition it's actually pretty hilarious as well, I'm not entirely sure it's ""realistic"" at all - but between the various ""emotes"" and just how your enemies and even you die, it is pretty damn funny. This is one of the few games where when I die, I actually laugh 90% of the time, rather than get upset or annoyed.Cons:If you can't master the combat mechanics, then you will NOT like this game and find it very frustrating, and that's just for the original game. The ""Deadliest Warrior"" DLC is much more ""choppy"" when it comes to combat and requires even more skill to play (at least when I played it a few weeks ago). This may have changed since a new update came out just a few days before I wrote this review, but from what a buddy told me, it hasn't. So if you can't master Medieval Warfare, than you definately won't be able to get Deadliest Warrior down.Medieval Warfare Score: 3/5 - It's pretty funDeadliest Warrior DLC Score : 2/5 - It's alright"
76561198029127218,Recommended,219640,13918406,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Halefire,"This Game Has So much potential but it is broken by its own game mechanics in my opinion. Just one example could be the ""chase"" mechanic that speeds you up when following a player with your reticle on them. This completely defeats the man at arms and archer's high foot speed. And the Community. Oh gods the crappy community... Too many raging 12 year olds that claim to have had intercourse with your mother and because they know how to crouch doge all the things they are clearly a pro. I won't even go into how the players that have been playing for a long time know how to abuse hit boxes.As an up note I stuffed an arrow up my brother's nose once.I would definitely recommend trying it. But then wait for a better version or a sequel.7/10 would TK brother's face again"
76561198058105043,Recommended,219640,13073905,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Bum Slayer,this game has more to it than you would think but its pretty fun. if your into sword play give it a try
76561198014960672,Recommended,219640,12632163,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Honest Lenin,"It was a complete blood bath of heads, arms, legs and torso's flying around. What else could a person want?"
,Recommended,219640,13439416,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Mondomonkey,This game is hilarious and absolutely fun as hell to play. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone.
76561198044780723,Recommended,219640,11063238,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Norman Daniel,"this game is great. When I learned I could chop off people's body parts I was like "" great game 10.2/10"""
76561198049866984,Recommended,219640,10566741,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Pandonic,"It's the best game I own still...and I got Rome Total War II, Bf4, Crysis 3 and others..The amount of skill needed to participate in glorious fights is great, but even the mad swinging new players can still dish out fatal blows.I have 1600 hours or so, and every hour has been worth it.I shoot archery irl and have improved my instintive ability with the 800 hours I easily put into the archer class.I hope to see this game grow much more."
,Recommended,219640,13050189,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Defiant Heretic,"I had this game in my library for a long time and just now I actually gave it a try. Suprisingly it's fun even after a few hours, maybe a little bit repetive but fights are so crazy and with 50+ ppl it's get more feeling of epic chaotic battles. I do suggest though to see some clip of gameplay on youtube etc. or play on free weekends before buy.  Cheers :)7/10"
,Recommended,219640,13748753,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,cunt,"Great game, endless multiplayer slasher fun!Almost everything in chivalry is fantastic, theres something great about the whole experiance of cutting an opponents limb off and screaming ""FOR THE GLORY OF AGATHAAAA!"" over his bloodied corpse.The only downside to the game is the developers, torn banner, with every update they seem to break a critical game feature (Eg the entier ranking system being broken for a fair few months), which is a shame as it can make you stop playing the game for a long while and put you off it.The only other annoyance is the community, often players can be very overly competative and immature, but i guess this is a given with most online games with lots of players.Modes such as Duel and 3v3 battles are often much better in terms of players at they take a lot more patience and honour to play properly, i highly reccomend them.My last point is to the learning curve of the game, there is a rank system to classify newer players from the more experianced, but due to the game having been out for a while, there are a lot of very good players which can put off newer players, however it is still often hard to have to take in scores of 3 kills to 30 deaths in a game, but its just down to practice."
76561198003071919,Recommended,219640,16089211,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Geitz,"Chilvalry is medieval combat simulator wherein you control a single foot soldier.  The game features 4 different classes, a large variety of maps, objectives, and game modes.Join team Agatha or the Order wage war on the opposing faction. Each team consists of Men-at-arms, knights, archers, and vanguards; the classes all vary in speed, weaponry, abilities, and stat lines. Man-at-arms are agile but fragile, knights are slow and durable, the vanguard is slow but wields large weapons focused on crowd combat, and the archer is weak but supports from afar. Melee combat is a rich experience that is easy to pick up but very difficult to master.The soundtrack of the game is satisfying. When weapons connect the audio feedback feels good and encourages you to jump into the fray and start swinging. However, this helps create one of the most frustrating parts of the game, team killing is an extremely common thing and to fully enjoy the game you need to go in expecting this to be a part of the experience. The game also features war cries which help get the blood pumping as both sides charge in to combat.Medieval is a well done game easily worth the time it takes to master the combat system. With the variety of combat styles offered by the classes and weapons this game will bring you back time and again. Get out there and fight soldier, For AGATHAAA!"
,Recommended,219640,15225879,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,One of the good games to play with friends on. :)
76561198166482548,Recommended,219640,15547768,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Cannabis Man,FOR AGATHA! That's all you need to know.
76561198084161944,Recommended,219640,11429240,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,soulbody,first perison but with sword and things from the midieval u can unlock new things by playing online u will get new sword new bow.....etc it's awesome if u played it with your friends like evry game 8/10
,Recommended,219640,13172535,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Space,Ever got so mad at your friend you wanted to stab him and cut his head off :D
76561198103361900,Recommended,219640,12705070,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,b0Na,choppin the heads is gold
,Recommended,219640,26362954,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,󠀡K',5 Javelins through chest and still not dead. Literally unplayable.
76561198082467779,Recommended,219640,20041322,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,【V】Ed™,The combat in this game!! It's justhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sp_WV91jx8E
76561198099637301,Recommended,219640,26258732,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Tom Cruise (real),"Deus Vult, simple enough."
,Recommended,219640,17950872,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Boat Bomber,Buy me this game and i'll give the best BEST 5 dollars can buy ;)
,Recommended,219640,10394681,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Big fat Sausage,"Ran towards a guy, he sat down made a 360 with his blade spinning. Lost my head. 10/10 would lose head again"
,Recommended,219640,11684482,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Gooey,FORTHEORDERFORTHEORDERFORTHEORDERFORTHEORDERFORTHEORDERFORTHEORDORFORTHEORDORFORTHEORDOR!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,13041262,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Furion,Chivalry... Chivalry...That game is one whole page of my life...I love this game... Even if I play with SupeBuB.. (the R3kter)So..Graphic. 6/10 its decent but nothing amazingg mechanics. 11/10 You will never feel better.. Just go to server and CHOP THE ENEMY'S HEADLevel design. 8/10. gud.It's a pretty good game. And I found there a lot of amazing friends ;o.If I can recommend this game. BUY IT. But you will have to learn the game mech.Or you will be like every crying♥♥♥♥♥♥. (LoL noob.. Human Helicopter.. Not fair.. Block dont work.. 360 ♥♥♥♥♥..)  That's all.  ENJOY!
76561198169001940,Recommended,219640,24610640,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Netwik  csgoroll.com,Skvělá hraGrafika krvavé efekty 8/10Styl boje 10/10Hudba (Křiky valečníku i) 8/10Komunita 5/10Postavy 8/10Mapy 10/10Akorát tahle hra má jednu velkou nevýhodu.Když to hrajete poprvé tak váš nepřatelští hrači zniči jak panačky jinak super hra.
,Recommended,219640,10232841,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,klyuchnikoff,This is awesome game. I like to play it much.9/10
,Recommended,219640,28559702,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SGCH,This game is freaking awesome.
,Recommended,219640,5746009,"Posted: 12 February, 2013",all,⠠⠑⠊⠝⠝⠁⠎⠞,"Great game, love it.^ Original reviewv New reviewStill a great game, still love it."
,Recommended,219640,17291512,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Speck,I have no idea what I'm doing.
,Recommended,219640,24250633,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Privat3man,CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGE !
,Recommended,219640,10686801,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LogSnaps,Like Call of Duty with swords -IGN 2014.
76561198125103824,Recommended,219640,24589051,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,loganshotu,"the game is very fun with friends but solo not so much. the game has 4 classes with different weapons and gear. the game is a hardcore one hit kill game that is very fast and silly ( kind of like csgo).P.S: dont't buy the dlc it is very bad8/10 (add more maps, classes and weapons)"
76561198021706522,Recommended,219640,22952865,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Green Goblin,"Game is good and the same with online playing but only if you want to play with mates or people who are actually reasonable to understand what an accident is. But If your going on to a cluster ♥♥♥♥ server full of people who will just destory you after walking into your attack and than kick you, than dont get it. if you do just sit back and dont do anything untill your team is far away from the person you want to kill. That way you can actually play the game on a major server with out some one on your team having a spaz at hit that was not your fault."
,Recommended,219640,27168192,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Joku,"One of the best close-combat games in steam!Pros+ funny with friends+ great physics+ you can kill russians+ many weapons+ good servers+ its just goodCons- Some gamemodes are ""boring""- when there are many ppl in small area the game will be very random"
76561198040213319,Recommended,219640,4641648,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Sir Kara the ''EjDeR'',Pure carnage!!! Pure Medieval Warfare!!! Lots of fun!!!
,Recommended,219640,30981056,Posted: 6 April,all,Oliot,Broken as ♥♥♥♥ but really fun.
76561198068692310,Not Recommended,219640,33113810,Posted: 1 July,all,bees?,I hate that I hate this game.
76561198060757903,Recommended,219640,13637677,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,salvador242,"Multiplayer melee combat done right, with a decent sized community to keep the game populated. Looks great and plays great, highly recommended."
76561198000890321,Recommended,219640,33061814,Posted: 30 June,all,Lt_Mantis,very spills game
,Recommended,219640,11057920,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Wugg,Nothing but blood and death.
,Recommended,219640,27442627,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,腹切 - Grozhus,"Rly good game, plus the sale on it now makes it a must buy gametho its really sad, that only a ""few"" thousands people are online at the same time"
76561198271499270,Not Recommended,219640,29195969,Posted: 11 January,all,dwainemccoy20,"not worth 25 bucks. get mount and blade,"
,Recommended,219640,33183409,Posted: 3 July,all,KTG,This was the best 3$ i've ever spent on a gamePros:-Better than for honor-Great combat-Many servers with different ranks-Fun modes-Epic war cry lol-4 different classes to play with-Very well optimized since i can run it on medium with my potato pcCons:-I really can't think of any.....if you're looking for a really challenging pvp strategy game this is for you no regrets just buy it
76561198056403013,Recommended,219640,5972890,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,A Fascist Horse,Fun to play with friends. When thay actually play with you. qq
76561197985949767,Recommended,219640,1074001,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,Kirraw,"Awesome, if you're looking for a fps (first person slasher !) with heavy mechanics on close combat, this is for you."
,Recommended,219640,13293847,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Anastasia Milkovich ♀,"-FAST TIPS FOR KILLING ON THE BATTLEFIELD-Defending Team:See a fight over there? strike when the opportunity arises, leaving your ally to die during that period.Attacking Team:See a fight over there? join in and kill your ally together with the enemyFree for all:See a whole bunch of people fighting? Charge in and slash the ♥♥♥♥ out of everyone."
76561198062656992,Recommended,219640,13702673,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Castigo Amigo,Headpunch simulator 12/10
76561198154274268,Recommended,219640,13506295,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,DickDanger,I like it
76561198071602635,Recommended,219640,6656243,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Flea Misty,if you dont get this your children will hate you and  your dog will♥♥♥♥♥♥in your bed
,Recommended,219640,2653452,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,myriad,"This game is hilarious, and pretty fun, if a little hard"
,Recommended,219640,2795755,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Cobalt Thunder,"Hilarious, difficult game. You'll always have fun if you're dying all the time or owning, both of which are sure to happen on and off. Don't forget to bellow like an idiot while you run at people."
,Recommended,219640,2973324,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,Jon Blom,"If you liked Mount and Blade, this game will amaze you. Prefer the 3rd person view? not a problem. switching between 1st and 3rd is possible !"
,Recommended,219640,2329625,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,DOOMSEID,All your dreams of becoming a medieval badass can now come true. Realise them!
76561198010893607,Recommended,219640,2675384,"Posted: 13 November, 2012",all,Ruski,Fun and good game but not worth almost £20
76561198017494594,Recommended,219640,3103721,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,XxSchuxX,nice
76561198025714316,Recommended,219640,3660070,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,T.R.I.A.G,"Ca donne la rage, la bave au lèvre, l'envie de poursuivre vos voisins a la claymore en criant comme un dégénérés. Ce jeu à les même effets que la meth.Malgré le fait que j'ai l'envie d'insulter tout mes coéquipier qui balance leurs claymores sans se soucier que votre tête est sur la trajectoire, je recommande ce jeu car les maps sont diversifiés, le contenu est là et le système de combat donne une grande importance au skill. Et comme je suis une incurrable bouse je sais de quoi je parle.Par contre ne jouez pas plus de deux heures car dans un accès de rage destructice vous pourriez exploser la tête de votre femme contre le lavabo. Buvez comme un trou, c'est moins économique mais meilleur pour votre tension."
,Recommended,219640,3302069,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Holla die Waldfee,Slaughter fun for everyone
,Recommended,219640,2705058,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Lord Cypher,An extremely addicting first person with a wicked battle system.
,Recommended,219640,3115109,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Синій Кіт,Оффигенная игра рекомендую всем
76561198015526767,Recommended,219640,2988287,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,NIN2,Still the best way to loose your head!!!!
,Recommended,219640,3495098,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,draw,Ein Spaß für die ganze Familie. Für Vegetarier nicht geeignet.
,Recommended,219640,1328423,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,George Squashington,"Murder, Pillage,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Slaughter."
,Recommended,219640,1031344,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Yukon Jebus,"YYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I dare you to not smile like a moron every time you wade into a fight and take off some poor schmuck's head. So much fun, pick this one up"
76561197989027490,Recommended,219640,1198024,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Reaper,"Definitely a fun game!Play it alone, or with friends, it's fun both ways. The carnage is amazing and the duelling is tactical and skillful. However, it is a game, and there is bound to be some minor flaws, bugs and balance issues. Still, I'd recommend this to anyone who likes medieval fighting!"
,Recommended,219640,1359492,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Vsauce - The Statistics King,♥♥♥♥♥curtains
,Recommended,219640,1405225,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,Mack,"It's glitchy, full of bugs and weapon imbalances, fpses can drop suddenly for no apparent reason, they don't update it enough, it's literally a paid beta.  Torn Banner's motto ""Quality and Innovation in Video Game Design"" is hilarious when considering the game isn't polished and a mod lifted from Source.This game is addicting and you should buy it."
,Recommended,219640,673665,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,mark,'Tis but a scratch...
,Recommended,219640,677859,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,Hazard,"If you think you'd enjoy grusome, blood gargling murder, you'll enjoy this. This first original medieval game has much better polish than the Deadliest Warrior expansion. Which still only feels about 80% done. A lot of fun at times, but a steep learning curve and glitchy level can often turn it all to frustration. Although the introduction of level capped servers is making getting into the game much easier. Map DLC packs are free which is nice, and quite uncommon these days. Solid community. Not much more to say other than a great game to spend half an hour on, or several hours on.... worth every penny."
,Recommended,219640,628383,"Posted: 7 February, 2013",all,ONEgram,♥♥♥♥♥s cray.
,Recommended,219640,9038864,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Spiderwizard,get this game
,Recommended,219640,8496181,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,David,"very fun, indeed!"
,Recommended,219640,8539171,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,reysad,Amazing game. The DLC is a really good add on to it for good multiplayer!
,Recommended,219640,8730352,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Villentretenmerth,Mucho Weights
,Recommended,219640,8744228,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Sam Green,Fairly strong game about medieval battles. Servers on which battles take 40 to 40 people will not leave anyone indifferent. But the only disadvantage of the game is its dynamics.
76561198046278442,Recommended,219640,8418977,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,KingNipples,Get stabbed. Stab back. Rinse and repeat. 5/5
76561198095482479,Recommended,219640,8436395,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Your Girl is my Side Hoe,Top 5 favorite games on PC.
76561198196685070,Recommended,219640,23968707,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,mjmike,"One of the best muiltplayer games ive had, its a tough start, but once you get the hang of it, it will keep you going! I love the shouts, very funny!FOR AAAAGGGGGAATHHHAAA!"
76561198056310562,Recommended,219640,23962971,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ben BE,"Very very very very intense, skill-based and replayable game!"
,Recommended,219640,8428968,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Gibsmith,"The most comprehensive multiplayer skull mashing simulator available.Seriously its great everyone who loves cutting, slicing or mashing should have a go at this. Easy to play hard to master."
,Recommended,219640,7864169,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Dand,Swag 8 out of 10
,Recommended,219640,7851107,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,peter panda bro,This game is sooo much fun! Get it! Classes are balanced and everytime you kill somebody you feel rewarded. A must-have :)
76561198039665073,Recommended,219640,8590881,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,The Harbinger,it's a pretty good game yo
76561198051285575,Recommended,219640,8625777,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Mr.DinosaurMan,Really fun it is a game meant for dinosaurs just saying. Nuff said.
,Recommended,219640,8824573,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Kaga⭐,There is nothing chivalrous about this game.
76561198003589036,Recommended,219640,8844378,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,T Swag,I COULDN'T RUN THIS PROPERLY FOR SOME REASON SO I TRIED TO GO AROUND IN PUBLIC IN A SUIT OF ARMOR WITH A CLAYMORE AND IT WAS PRETTY SICK BUT I'M ON DEATH ROW SO CYA IN THE AFTERLIFE :(
,Recommended,219640,8357192,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,sampey donger,14/10 would raid again
76561198057467630,Recommended,219640,8678875,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,king kool,Killing peasants is my favorite pastime
,Recommended,219640,8536372,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ganjalf,"There is just something about this game that keeps you coming back, and coming back. Much to the dismay of your friends and family. Ever since I started playing I haven't been able to put it down. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys melee combat."
,Recommended,219640,8803159,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Timmeh,yes m'lord
,Recommended,219640,16801823,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Eve O' Lution,Love it !
,Recommended,219640,25419363,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Puckey,Thank you brother.Thanks.Thank you brother.
,Recommended,219640,5282832,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Farkenzawl,A mix between first and thirdperson. Super silly and fun game with some skill and learning into it. Classes gamemodes etc. Fun game worth a try!
,Recommended,219640,14718797,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,magic school bus\,still looking for my ak47
76561198056055375,Recommended,219640,5927607,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Wet Willy,tough to get the hang of but totally worth it
,Recommended,219640,27341723,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Loud Ass Sistah,"like my friend said, this taught me much about world war 2 hitler was realy evil"
76561198123347412,Recommended,219640,32045716,Posted: 29 May,all,Rico Dandeles,more games should parody this but larger scale
,Recommended,219640,28234885,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Bucky Cheese,Chivalry has a great combat system. Players have found out moves like the rainbow and you need to play with your own style. Now go on and Deus Vult.
,Recommended,219640,29512801,Posted: 26 January,all,bǝǝ,"My experience.1 have 3 accounts.Have a total of about 500 hours.Was really fun, still is but almost all servers are getting DDoS'd.Very low population in AU/NZ.I thoroughly enjoy this game, needs more people.-Frenchstick"
76561198046285924,Recommended,219640,23289697,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,‖ǤǤ‖ Billy,Sanative
,Recommended,219640,8980350,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,‖ǤǤ‖ Du₭e Dic₭insön,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare is an amizing game I would play this game 24-7 if i had the time.I Definitely give this game a 10/10 Outstanding gameChivalry Deadliest Warrior is a good game, but there are still flaws in it and the gameplay isnt as smooth. Also it's a pain how there arent that many playing it compared to the first one                              I give this game a 7/10 (because the origional is always the best)"
,Recommended,219640,8275462,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,NoFlu,"It's a very funny game :D If you like games where you have to work together as a team this is your game. Most of the bad reviews are just from players which are just rageing because they die all the time or have a bad K/D (Yes,I'm looking at you CoD kiddy). I mean I suck at the game too and it's still very funny. Totally worth to buy and the Deadliest Warrior DLC too.There's only one thing left to say: Shhh; No sound!!!"
,Recommended,219640,12792231,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Virr,10/10 teamkilling simulator
,Recommended,219640,8534278,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Teh_turk,FOR THE ORDER!
76561198047718474,Recommended,219640,5307849,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,ATrueLiability,THIS IS EPIIIIIIIIC!!!!!!!!
76561198140513780,Recommended,219640,17880721,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Cliff Mercury,AWESOME!
76561198032821164,Recommended,219640,7436083,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,PFC McDonough [29th ID],"this game is awesome, the game is pretty hilarious at times and offers competetive play as well. get it on sale while you can, best 6 bucks ive spent in a while."
76561198063262334,Not Recommended,219640,18402396,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Gul,"I'm really split in half about this game because i think it's a good game...but i got to a point where it stops being good and fun and just becomes absurd and frustrating and that's mainly because of the playersThe start of the game is great, you learn to play the game by yourself, you make mistakes but you learn from them and have fair fightsWhen you lose, you know you did something wrong and you do better next timeUp to this point, the game is great, it's fun to clash swords and have epic battles with people with the same amount of skills you have but after that...You have to go to normal servers, thats right the game doesn't f*ck around and babysit you anymore, you're playing with the big boys now and this is where you have to prove yourself!I was excited, i wanted to go at it like before, learn from experience...but let me tell you, what's waiting for you in there isn't anything you can learn from because the soldiers you'll find in there are all posessed by demons, they have made pacts with the devil and traded their spines in exchange of the power to defy logic and kill without a second thought!Look at that vanguard there, he's looking at the sky the idiot, go and swing you sword at him...oh you died? How did he do it?I'll tell you: he shoved his spear up his own♥♥♥♥♥and teleported the pointy bit right into your face by doing a 360 spin before you had the time to say ""F*ck!""Welcome to Chivalry: Helicopter Warfare"
,Recommended,219640,32434723,Posted: 15 June,all,❃ Gumb4ll98,why bother going to the store to get table salt when you can just play this game.10/10 would still buy again.
,Recommended,219640,22398190,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,displeased old man,"It's fun if you get good, but getting good is really hard. It's my favourite game though."
76561198080715197,Recommended,219640,8112074,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Voodoo,Get it.
76561198083458987,Recommended,219640,8249241,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Redwood,"Finally, a game with asians and their sterio types."
,Recommended,219640,8233745,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,TriggerHappiJ,I enjoy the hell out of this game. Its extremely unique when it comes to PVP and is hilarious with friends! I definitely recommend this! I also love playing with a huge lobby its like turning around and seeing a massive mob charge you. TOO MUCCH FFUN CANT HANDLEEEEE!@
,Recommended,219640,8189188,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,puNDuKE,"Yelling, screaming, and more yelling! Don't forget the stabbing, be-heading, and tons of gore! This game has a lot of that in store for you if you ever wondered what it would be like to go to the Renaissance Fair with a real suit of armor and weapon.. just kidding!There are a few disappointing things but they are very minor and it will always be different for someone else most of the time anyway. For one the ranking system doesn't always progress as desired and most of the time not at all... the system seems a little off at times with things like that making it a bit tedious at times to unlock weapons in the interface but these are just my opinions. Note that the ranking system doesn't effect what weapons get used just by how many kills you get with them. Some servers can easily manipulate the physics and speed to make matters more interesting. Also, they have added 'Workshop' so that can be seen as an added bonus to game longevity.Value:Get it while it's on sale if you want to play a mindless deathmatch style game, not always a bad thing, set in the Medieval era."
,Recommended,219640,8273759,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,CrayCrayFish,i tried to negotiate for a peaceful way to end the round. negotiations were short. and aggresive
,Recommended,219640,8264370,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,TRHB™,This was a good game to pass my time and just rage. What happened at most times though was that I raged and then couldn't tell what I was doing. I guess that I could say that I just laughed while raging. In my mind this is probably a 7.5-8 / 10
,Not Recommended,219640,8480943,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Frouade,Bugged game with poor optimization and it doesn't seems that developers will fix them.
,Recommended,219640,9227182,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,GG Alien,"So the first time I tried to play a game of ""Chivalry"" I joined a fresh duel server on the map called Moor. I created my class and prepared to duel my enemy codenamed ""xxFazeklanx"". He chose the knight class and I chose the archer. As I drew my bow I shot arrows at the man, but I missed and he ran up and squished my head with a flair like hitting a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with a frying pan. After that I looked in the chat and saw ""lol noob go back to mario."". After expirencing this I suffered severe depression and started cutting my self to feel better. People in school saw these cuts and bullied me for it driving me into a deeper depression. It got so bad at one point that I tried to kill my self by taking pills. After I passed out my mother found me on the ground and drove me to the hospital. On the way there we were in a car crash where she died. The paramedics arrived and saved my life before I OD'd. I just got out of the hospital today and are saying that this game ♥♥♥♥ing rocks !"
76561198049172096,Recommended,219640,9126735,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Gilnor100,Great game if your into medival combat
,Recommended,219640,9151236,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Swiggity Swooty Gimme Dat Booty,"Can't play this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game worth ♥♥♥♥. Blocking and fainting are ♥♥♥♥ing useless because every time to try to kill someone, they bumrush you and you get surrounded and die anyways. They need to fix the physics in this game, as well as the damage and hitmarker bugs. Also, they should make more 0-10 Rank capped servers for the people who find it difficult to rank up from 0 against extremely ♥♥♥♥ing stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ass ♥♥♥♥ cuntly level 30-50's on EVERY goddamn ♥♥♥♥ing server, and make all weapons and armor avaliable as DLC that you can buy, so it's easier for lower ranks to play this♥♥♥♥♥♥ass ♥♥♥♥ game.52/0.00342345 would play again"
76561198064209323,Recommended,219640,9336035,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,bC,"11/10 gud game i dont own it but iz gud game, trust me."
76561198113728195,Recommended,219640,9365150,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,whalecat1,"Great game! A nice break from all the fps' with up close combat, and added gore for the saddist in all of us xDHighly reccomend it!"
,Recommended,219640,7203033,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,s L e e z y 乡,A nice game if your feeling like chopping peoples limbs off then continuing to butcher them
76561198072118617,Recommended,219640,6675861,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,Captain Buggy,"KILLL THEMMMM, KILL THEM ALLLLLL."
76561198090891426,Recommended,219640,13450833,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sallet Snowman,"Best, first person and gore medieval game I have ever seen, recommened to buy."
,Recommended,219640,14746079,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,hound,Game gud. Devs not gud.
,Recommended,219640,14747812,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,rb303,i kile to beat up knights who have a two handed axe with a wooden pole
,Recommended,219640,14067685,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Brims,Head exploded from getting punched. 10/10
76561198054113165,Recommended,219640,9205007,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Danhill,"Tons of fun! That's a game that'll keep you going for hours, if you can look the small bugs over.There's those days when you don't get any kills and just die all the time, but there will always be bad hair days. On the other hand, nothing feels more rewarding than seeing yourself at the top of the scoreboard. Yeah."
,Recommended,219640,28224171,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Samurai-Sloth,Some of the best first person medieval warfare in multiplayer fps. It's very hard to get melee combat to work well in first person & Chivalry does it well.
76561198141220023,Recommended,219640,29046192,Posted: 5 January,all,Townsend,Can hit an enemy swinging my sword around my back.11/10
,Recommended,219640,22721403,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Dorito Dust Dealer,gr8 on XBOX and high end comps but not reccommended for low end wifi+comps.
,Recommended,219640,22568833,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,$adboy$,It still uses DX9
,Recommended,219640,28398678,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,HolyPotLeaves,Like Swords? Like KNights? Like braking friendships? Well this is just the right game to do just that!
,Recommended,219640,28010486,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,erslav,very hard...but still a good game
,Recommended,219640,27278274,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zenous,It's pretty good
,Recommended,219640,26064278,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,YBAlam,"I HIGHLY Recommend This Game If Your Friends Get It, Its Fun, Hilarious At Times, If You're Looking For A Good In-Your-Face  Melee Based Combat Game, This Is It, Avoid TDM For Best Results"
76561198112336480,Recommended,219640,26073933,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,;D,Fun game until you encounter the tryhard exploiters who spin around and do 360s so you cant hit them
,Recommended,219640,27164704,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Boogus,Good Game!
,Recommended,219640,24144103,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,๖ۣۜZug Zug,"Welcome to Chivalry brother!   It seems you have decided to take the plunge and dive in to one of my all time favorite multiplayer games.  Tis not an easy game my friends n' enemies and your patience will be tested everytime you log on and join a match.  If you enjoy a maschochistic learning curve where only few will stay and most will leave this game might be for you.   Truth be told I HATED this game when I first got it.  It was hard, people were unforgiving and wacky fighting game mechanics made me want to quit so I did for awhile.  I came back, why you ask because there aren't many decent actual first person melee games to be played and also once you learn this game it becomes a lot of fun.   I would like to address some issue I always see in reviews.First one I will talk about is the oh so scary toxic community.  From my experience most people are actually nice aside from some like any online game it comes with the risk of playing with D-Bags.   You would be suprised to see how many of these toxic players are actually new players just frustrated with the game.  I see so many new players call people ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and names because there not dominating the board and then call us toxic, it is almost ironic.   Another thing is yes there are some players who have been here for years that are aholes.  I wont name but I have had rank 50+ players try to vote kick me and grief me repeatedly to make me leave the game because how can someone with half as much play time kick my butt.  These players represent our egotistical players, there in every online multiplayer game that has any competitve edge to it, you can't escape it.  The best way to deal with these so called toxic players is to mute them, you can mute anyone you don't want to communicate with so USE IT!  Also don't fall for the Tbag tactic it is merely a pyschological trick to get into your head and make you angry.The other elephant in the room is the fighting style of chivalry and how it can be manipulated which is generally called exploits!   At this time I doubt Torn Banner is gonna do anything to change it so you must learn how to defend against the onslaught of drags and reverse strikes.  Feinting also gets alot of flak but it's taught to you early in the tutorial so use it if you want and mute people who grief and whine about it.   Back to the exploits, sadly this game is probably gonna stay like this but thats why I love it.  Your weapon is mostly a hitbox that you can swing around and do some fun things with.  Plenty of vets will gladly tell you about dragging and reverses if you show respect and a williness to learn.  I have taught new players the simple concept of drags and their enjoyment of chivalry went up tenfold.  The fighting style of chivalry makes for some intense insane fun though once you embrace it.Now if you can overcome those two things I talked about you will surely find a fun and exciting time in chivalry.  Remember don't give up and your only defeated as long as you think you are."
,Recommended,219640,24095833,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Isaiah's In HD,got killed when my teammate accidentally kicked me off a liftI R8 8/8 m8
76561198003634905,Recommended,219640,22500499,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Ubermensch,"I've got my head chopped of by enemies and by my fellow knights.On purpose, and by accident. At least i got a ""i'm sorry for that"". So it's all good.Drowned dozens of time, and keep forgetting that i ain't a floater...Shot hundreds of arrows against rocks, trees and the occasional wooden fence.Ruined my pants every time someone does a battlecry right in my face.Played it for a couple of hours now, and i think i'm still stuck on about 7 kills.Died a lot more though, so that's an achievement i can be proud of.It's a hard game, but you'll have a massive laugh about all the varieties of excrement you see.Just go for it."
,Recommended,219640,24717628,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Erno Cor,Ye Olde BloodbathEnjoyable with thine close companions
,Not Recommended,219640,26621019,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,DW,why did u give me a vac ban im going to bomb your houses with my fighter jet i hate this game so much i want to be dead
76561198080441664,Recommended,219640,26033764,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,[RNDB] ☣ Jtktomb ☣,DEUS VULT
76561198260974785,Not Recommended,219640,26046836,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,☠nexion☠,This game always never responds any help. It is just driving me crazy.
,Recommended,219640,26342593,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,fя0zєИ^G,"epic game, really fun on big lans"
,Recommended,219640,26481274,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,D3ath Angel,Do you like to chop people up and see chunky body parts slash off the divine perfect creation human. Or have a lightsaber battle maybe?Well then this game is for you.Gets old after awhile but fun to jump in once in a blue moon or settle a feud between friends on who wields the sword like a real legend.
76561198055495173,Recommended,219640,27974706,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CHiLLZa,"Even though I am incredibly fresh to this game at a mere L14 out of god knows what. This game has been tremendous fun, I've come to realise I have a dark humour dueling against my brother (he's just as guilty).Oh and let me add - if you've had a bad day this game genuinely fixes that.I feel the community's hit or miss with kind players the same as every other online game, however it's nice they've taken into account the level differences, with the certain rank servers."
76561198065600700,Recommended,219640,6405838,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Mr.Bastard,Ich kann nur sagen wer auf PvP steht und mal Brutal alles killen will sollte sich das kaufen aus meiner sicht ein GEILES GAME mit guter grafikich gebe 90% von 100% geiles game ist sein geld auf jedenfall wert
76561197996634960,Recommended,219640,10543583,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Smallie Biggs,The most CHIVALROUS
76561198121423934,Recommended,219640,30545872,Posted: 16 March,all,Malignant,"I have seen the negative reviews of this game and, I see their point -- I EXPERIENCE(ED) their pain. But make no mistake, this is a master-piece disguised as a tumor. When you buy this game, and touch level 16, you are faced with an ultimatum:Uninstall the game...or...Compete in the race to ultimate scum-iness.This game demands your dignity, integrety and your overall worth as a reputable human being if you hope to gain a positive K/D. It will feed you to the wolves until you become one, beating you staight like a homophobic step-father. And may I say: it feels glorious.It may be called ""Chivalry"", but by level 16, you will call it your dominatrix.♥♥♥♥ me harder, Torn Banner.P.S.: Fainters are ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. It's a race to scum-iness -- not a race to the Gaza Strip."
76561198045343463,Recommended,219640,5126185,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Muhaimin,I Highly Recommend this game it just fun runing and screaming at your foe's and medieval killing like come on
,Recommended,219640,7195396,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,✪Baylor∞,"Buy it, it's really fun."
76561198030955661,Not Recommended,219640,14116229,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,dark_trooper,"Great game, crappy developers"
,Recommended,219640,14119216,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,c0okie,"Relentless wood ramming at the backdoor of an unwilling opponent.Constantly being struck by other men's longswords.Covered in blood yelling, ""FOR AGATHAR!""10/10"
76561198055651184,Recommended,219640,13046112,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Thorlaff,"I stood on a bridge, mace in hand, about seven enemies approaching me on the other side. I swung my mace right and left and kept my feet moving. One after the other they fell untill there was only one left. Seeing as he was trying to flee i reached for my throwing knives and ran after him. As i threw several knives and missed, i only had one left. I reacted upon his slower movements as he was getting more and more tired, i took the opportunity and threw my last knife...BAM right in the kisser!!!!tl;dr This game is awesome!"
76561198083719944,Recommended,219640,13187965,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Dr. Pibb Can't Shoot,"Interesting combat mechanics, hilarious taunts, and addictive gameplay in general. Although it can be frustrating at times (i.e. getting gang-banged by vanguard/knight death-squads, pin-cushioned by archers from across the map,  juked out of your armor by man at arms, and getting repeatedly tk'd) once you have the hang of it, the hours will just fly by. The weapons are cool and simple, and the classes are (somewhat) balanced. That being said, I confidently, and proudly, recommend this game. Fear the Lion of Agatha!"
76561198029333533,Recommended,219640,13635472,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,BaCyka,"Got teamkilled in spawn for 3 rounds in a row and stoped playing.10/10 best community, would get instakilled again."
76561198031212875,Recommended,219640,13439317,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Syntax Commander,"Awesome amazing game, hacking slashing. Good accuracy in most weapons.Some pole arms should have a better reach then they do.Brutal in YOUR FACE action."
,Recommended,219640,14292074,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,FeelsCavsMan,There is nothing more satisfying than chopping off the limbs of a man that bears a striking resemblance to the Black Knight.
,Recommended,219640,14408111,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Monster Energy Official,this game sucks
76561198106000269,Recommended,219640,13129427,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,VnCopper,"""No m'lord""10 out of 10"
,Recommended,219640,10154805,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,clajjy,ever wanted to build your own spaceship? well this isn't the game 4 u
,Recommended,219640,10157409,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,sKUSH,"Dismembering infidels was even more exciting than driving past the local preschool during lunch time. Whilst you won't find any white vans with tinted windows here, you will find a great number of friendly strangers."
,Recommended,219640,26113798,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Toto,Teamkilling simulator
,Recommended,219640,29622794,Posted: 31 January,all,EnzovA,"A very fun game that takes lots of hours. Simply medieval and savage at its best.. no hard controls, for-stupid controls. Very enjoyable! :)"
,Recommended,219640,28878260,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sum182Blink41,This is the medieval combat game that I have been missing my whole life
76561198082719797,Recommended,219640,24650809,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Milan Stanojevic,"I had lot of fun playing this game, I felt like a real knight fist 15lvls, than after thoese lvls i became a REAL peasant. Be prepared that when you reach lvl 16 ul meet flying balerine knights that will chop your head and other body parts off!I like being choping meetball :("
76561198146452302,Recommended,219640,24268491,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,El_Remu,pootis
,Recommended,219640,26031797,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,MrBriggs,"Over 900 Years To This Day From 1066, The Battle Of Hastings, And This Game Allows You To Charge Into Battle With Sword In Hand. Great Combat, And Makes A Good Diffrence From The Standerd FPS, Well This Is More Like A... First Person Sword Combat. Still great game for those willing to play."
76561198313966038,Recommended,219640,30122980,Posted: 23 February,all,Yuri omega,nice game
,Recommended,219640,29932819,Posted: 14 February,all,Mr.Meeseeks,My copy disappear aide moi!
76561198057664952,Recommended,219640,30034522,Posted: 19 February,all,Dc,"I bought this game like 3 years ago when it was on a discount.It was great fun for first couple weeks,or a month or two perhaps.At that point people were still new to this game and there weren't many exploiters around.I understand new patches broke the game further and let players do those impossible moves. Devs announced these crappy mechanics are all part of the game,and even encouraged people to use such exploits as they explained them in game tips (instead of fixing them). After that game began to feel more like a struggle each day. I refused to learn those exploits and tried to keep up with tryhard players. I felt very salty and annoyed and I couldn't have fun anymore until I started playing with archer. Those exploits don't reach you when you are ranged.Then I stopped playing for some time.Later I introduced some friends to the game,and we had great fun playing together.That lasted for some time aswell. Then my friends got better at the game,made it out the new player bracket and started to see all those exploits,and they began to feel salty aswell.Then we all stopped playing.Now that devs are busy making another game,I am guessing all the support for the game has ended aswell. Just know these facts when you are buying this game,and buy it when it's on %90 discount (which is very often). Despite the endless torment and frustration this game offers to experienced players,for the sake of fun times,I still recommend this game. At least it's still better than For Honor."
,Recommended,219640,26344689,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Ethan #ILoveNik,Gr8 game I recommmend.Things I like:-Killing-Blood-Swords-Medevil EraThankfully this game ticks all the boxes.
,Recommended,219640,26085396,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Lord Higglemesh,Perfect game for perfect people.
,Recommended,219640,29881838,Posted: 12 February,all,keen,gud game
,Not Recommended,219640,29526865,Posted: 27 January,all,Bitter,mount and blade's multiplayer works better than thisi got it for free and i still want my money back
,Recommended,219640,28969192,Posted: 3 January,all,Sliusarek,Messy and bloody. Yum.
76561197993343038,Recommended,219640,28869588,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Enkar,"They told me i shoulden't use this weapon, they told me it has too short of a range, that i should rather go for a 2H sword, they told me that shields are too easy to counter, they told me i coulden't beat a good player with it... I proved them wrong, many times, humiliated them, defeated them, proved my worth, and redeemed the name of my weapon: The Flail.Honestly chivalry is the best skill-based game that you'll find out there, there's no place for luck here, just hard-learned lessons, sharp reflexes, and mind-reading skills that will grant you the victory. Don't listen to those whining wenches who claim that people ""exploit and glitch"", those are not exploits, nor glitches, those are game mechanics, built in BY THE DEVELOPERS to give this game and it's combat system more depth. Sure, the looks of it isen't realistic, you might even say that it's funny looking or wanky, but that's the beauty of it, it transcends aesthetic to reach this state of pure grade honest-to-goodness skill to be acquired.Your equipement doesen't matter, you rank doesen't matter, your class doesen't matter, only your skill. May the strongest survive."
,Recommended,219640,28935224,Posted: 2 January,all,陈忠源Julius,Tiger Knight: Empire War
,Recommended,219640,28955527,Posted: 2 January,all,Just Naxx upgrade.gg,This game is AWSOME
76561198108333649,Recommended,219640,28973530,Posted: 3 January,all,Feijar,This is just after all these years still an amazing game buy it!!
,Recommended,219640,29547814,Posted: 28 January,all,Forthwind,Best game
,Recommended,219640,29729077,Posted: 5 February,all,Hyu,"This is one great Chivalry game!I do not have had it for a long time,but from what i played,it's a very good game!"
,Recommended,219640,3766101,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,Van,A definite buy.
,Recommended,219640,15674190,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,#uofa engineering,My first time playing this game : OH MY GOD MY HEAD CAME OFFOH MY GOD HIS HEAD CAME OFFTHIS GAME IS GREATAfter over 100 hours of playing : OH MY GOD
,Recommended,219640,14318464,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Hahnd,If u like blood buy this game if you like dismemberment buy this game if u like games buy this game.
76561198145113685,Recommended,219640,13529330,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hawksm278,"THESE ARE THE 10 CHIVALRY COMMANDMENTS FROM ME, THE LORD, YOUR GOD1) HONOR THY FOE IF HE BOWETH BEFORE THEE IN DESIRE TO 1V12) ONLY FEINT THY FOE IF HE HATH FEINTETH YOU FIRSTLY3) KNOWETH THESE WEAPONS: MESSER, MAUL, BRANDISTOCK, ZWEIHANDER, AND CLAYMORE FOR THEY HATH BEEN BLESSED BY ME, THE LORD YOUR GOD WITH TREMENDOUS POWER AND POPULARITY4) PAY ATTENTION TO TEAM CHAT FOR COORDINATION AMONGST THINE NEIGHBOURS5) REMEMBER WHAT COLOR TEAM YOU HATH CHOSEN TO AVOID MURDERING THINE FELLOWS6) TAKE OUT THE ARCHERS FIRST, AND PROTECTETH THINE OWN WITH GREAT FERVER7) LEARN THESE TECHNIQUES: DRAG, DUCK, DODGE, LMB SPAM WHEN NEEDED, REVERSE OVERHEAD, RETREAT, AND GANGBANG FOR THESE ALSO HAVE BEEN BLESSED BY THE LORD YOUR GOD8) IF OPPOSING TEAMS DOESN'T HAVE KNOWLEDGE OF KEYBOARD BUTTONS FOR ACTIONS, GIVE SOME ADVICE BY RECOMMENDING F10, FOR THIS IS A MIRACLE GRANTED BY ME, THE LORD YOUR GOD9) YOU SHALL BE INSULTED AND PERSECUTED FOR PLAYING THIS GAME, BUT PAY NO HEED, FOR THESE PLAYERS ART HEATHENS AND SHALL BURN IN THE EVERLASTING FIRE OF CHIVALRY ANGER, WHERE THE SALT NEVER CEASES TO BE PRODUCED10) HONOR ALL THESE COMMANDMENTS, FOR I AM THE LORD YOUR GOD. FAILURE TO FOLLOW THESE COMMANDMENTS IS PUNISHABLE BY DEATH, FOR YOU WILL HATH CAUSED GREAT SHAME AND MISERY TO THY NEIGHBOURS AND ME, THE LORD YOUR GOD."
,Recommended,219640,14485416,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,AdoringFandalf,"Sit down, buckle up and get ready for hours of 'No my lord' and messers drags.This is a great game which is extremely skill based (although many people will disagree). Chivalry encompasses pretty much every aspect of a good team based game, along with surpisingly good graphics thanks to the Unreal Engine.Although the hit boxes are a bit dodgey at times, it's a great laugh and combat has an extremely fluid feel to it.One redeeming quality of Chivalry is that you see the same people from time to time, almost every game has a familiar face in it so theres a real sense of community. No matter how toxic, acidic and volatile it is *cough*Wong;)I've poured over 600 hours into this game and for good reason, it's bloody fun."
,Recommended,219640,14658842,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,error90,"I'm rather enamoured by the unique flavour of online combat presented by Chivalry. It's fresh and fun, and like the very best games is easy to get into yet incredibly hard to master. I've honestly not had this much competitive online joy since Battlefield 3, and to think a $25 indie title can provide a level of enjoyment up there with a $100 million game like Battlefield is testimony to the skill of the developer."
,Recommended,219640,14679628,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Malibut,"One of the best and most interesting FPSs out there at the moment, with great mechanics and tons of depth."
76561197992460265,Recommended,219640,14106404,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,๖Shadow XII,Stormed a beach bellowing like a rogue elephant; was decapitated by a guy with a battleaxe.10/10
76561198170361749,Recommended,219640,14152669,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,[|K|] GraniteBeetle64,awsome
,Recommended,219640,14187414,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Freeman#3713,"Best, Game, Ever! I mean, you feel like you are on the battlefield, the fight is real, the sound is one of, if not the best I've seen... no dude, really, just buy this."
,Recommended,219640,646715,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Sergeant Shazbot the Sandraker,Send them to join their families!IN DEATH!
76561198029933516,Not Recommended,219640,13962670,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Ksaxo,"Quite a funny game when you don't play it seriously; animation issues are widely exploited by ""pro"" players, performing some wierd physically impossible movements, instant hits and slowing downs, with no relevant damage penalty. While an ""attack cancelling"", that developers show us in a tutorial mission, is considered cheap and unworthy.  And it seems to suit everybody. Well, not me.P.S. As there is no glitch to counter ranged units - their number is therefor reduced for the great comfort of... ""skilled"" players."
,Recommended,219640,14725007,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,UltraFist,Someone buy this for me and I will (virtually) kiss u ;**
76561198116500702,Recommended,219640,11627465,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Jackson1989,"This is definitely one of my favourite games if not the favourite game i am playing right now as of August 2014If you are a fan of anything medieval this game is for youThe combat system is the BEST. PERIOD, nothing beats it, skyrim, mount and blade THE BESTThere is no other game like this out there, there is no other game Mount and blade has nothing on the fighting mechanics this game hasThe sounds, are perfect, the atmosphere is ok, could use with more lightThere is no single player which i would like, hopefully in the sequalPlaying as a archer is amazing, equivalant level as Skyrim if not better, one of the best archery gamesNo other game, has sword fighting like this, if you like being a knight, then this game is for u, the complexity of this game goes beyond anything ive ever seen in a game before, you can strike, overhead, stab, block/parry, then straight away attack there is so many complexity to this gameThere is so much skill involvedThere is country based servers so u dont get much lagVERY FUN GAME MUST HAVE ITS A SPECIAL KIND OF ANIMAL IN ITSELF NOTHING LIKE IT"
76561197985401806,Recommended,219640,11547950,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,dwR,"One of the most entertaining games I've played. Bought it and couldn't stop playing until 0700 in the morning. The fighting mechanics are awesome, getting kills are so rewarding since it's quite hard. There's just so much more into it than it looks like if you check videos etc. The battles are simply EPIC and so authentic, the game is just so beautiful, the maps, the sun on your sword as you rush into battle. I recommend."
,Recommended,219640,11552346,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,THE WHORE IS PREGNANT,Monty Python simulator.
,Not Recommended,219640,25126536,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Edgelord of Snakes,"If I hear ""come hither"" one more time I'm going to commit Harry CarryEdit: Updated for the award thing"
,Recommended,219640,26855956,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Quaide,"Weird how this game gets negative reviews because of the skill ceiling. Last time I checked it's a good thing for a game to have a high skill ceiling. Chivalry has a big learning curve and skill gap, but that's what makes it a fun game. Dragging, feinting, rainbow overheads, stuff like that separates the game from other melee combat systems and makes it deep.There are level 1-15 servers, with all noobs. Right after you pass level 15 you'll be thrown into the lion's den, and most people get mad and stop playing. Playing experience players feels daunting and ridiculous at first, but just have to play and learn techniques.  So if you're a casual player you might not enjoy this game.People say this game is like ""medieval call of duty"", but they don't really translate. You'll probably like this game more if you like RPGs with hardcore melee combat, or fighting games.All the reviews getting mad at ""ballerinas"" and ""dragging"" are just people who are bad at the game and get mad when experienced players demolish them with advanced techniques."
,Recommended,219640,24320426,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Clippy,joins servergets kicked cuz of namejoin new server5 minutes go by kicked
,Recommended,219640,25995560,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,og_jinshi,A game you can't learn to master in a week. Like Battlefield with swords. 10/10
76561198039695482,Recommended,219640,26094237,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,iGoPostal ™,"Great game ruined by high ping players. There needs to be a setting that kicks players over a certain ping.Not to mention all the no life high ranks, there needs to be more 'by ranked' games to stop high ranks joining 15+ games."
,Recommended,219640,28576074,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Daniel Mclovin,Its pretty much just a bunch of kids with downs swinging 4 foot swords yet still not hitting their opponentand iFUCKINGlove it for it
,Not Recommended,219640,29567323,Posted: 29 January,all,EwoAdi,"I really loved this game, now is♥♥♥♥♥♥! |PRO TIP: You guys wants to know how to be the best in this game ? JUST SPIN LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥AND YOUR SWORD WILL HIT EVERYONE !| I don't like this game anymore.. drags and others.. thank you Chivalry Medieval Warfare.. waiting for Mordhau, in Chivalry Medieval Warfare is impossible to block an drag and spinning swords , WTF ?! #RipChivalryMedievalWarfare"
76561198071953778,Recommended,219640,29554821,Posted: 28 January,all,3p1cdud3,Very fun and exciting.
,Recommended,219640,26031428,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Ruler of Lake Titicaca,Surgeon Simulator 1513
76561198261232450,Recommended,219640,26286351,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,megajokii,"Runs quite well on low-end computers and can customise the weapons included in classes. Overall a fun game to have shenanigans with friends, would recommend!"
76561198035168025,Recommended,219640,26294042,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ω ι n т є r ѕ υ n,epic
,Recommended,219640,25219834,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[DMH] CreimPhilled,"Fun, but hellish, combat.11/10 would cut off my friends' heads again and blame 'lag'"
,Recommended,219640,24049258,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CybaSkillz,"Ok so this game get's a lot of hate for having a toxic community and exploiters everywhere.I haven't played this game much (by my standards) but this has the best medieval combat I've ever seen, and the parry/riposte system can lead to interesting situations, like for instance I was playing as a Man-at-Arms, my main playstyle, and I had made my way to the enemy lines with an enemy knight chasing me, I then took down an archer who was harrasing my team and turned to face my pursuers, which by this time had becoem two knights. I then got into a swordfight with the two fully armed knights, holding my own and slaying one before they got help.The situations that can happen can make you feel like a legitimate knight, fighting for his life, which is very thrilling.9/10, for amazing medieval combat."
,Recommended,219640,24102318,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,vortexian,"CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGE (said 8 different ways, even the archers)10/10"
76561198196924930,Recommended,219640,26106843,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,big poo poo boi,This game has amazingly fun combat and fun to use weapons and the classes are all fun :D I would reccomend this game to anybody
,Recommended,219640,26113588,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,강간 자,Deus Vult/10
76561197991083082,Recommended,219640,27342029,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alex,"Love how everyone bows before a duel, even when there's twenty other people slashing each other around both of you.Never seen so much respect on a fight.10/10 would bow again."
76561198088661531,Recommended,219640,7146911,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Kablecart,totaly recomend this game
,Recommended,219640,9040935,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,magicmunkey,"Good fun if you just wanna smash some heads medieval style. The gameplay is challenging to start with but once you learn the nuances becomes much more enjoyable. The graphics aren't as good as War of the Roses but the combat has much more depth (and gore ^.^ ).Unfortunately last time I played it back in September 2013 the lag had become pretty unbearable even on servers close to me, quite a few players seem to be experiencing this but then again loads aren't.9/10 for combat7/10 overall"
,Recommended,219640,3873822,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Snuggles Prime,Endless fun and endless laughs. Should have been at least a contender for GOTY.
,Recommended,219640,2352364,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,v_freak,"Brutal, unforgiving, and downright bloody, this is the melee game to own...and get owned in!"
,Recommended,219640,14565619,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,thegamingeng,"Although Chivalry: Medieval Warfare does have a few issues, its basis is extremely well thought out and truly seems to replicate the feel of medieval combat. The well-honed combat system adds huge enjoyment to this super looking and incredibly fun medieval warfare game, yet a lot more could have been done to increase the variety of content within the game; like maybe a single player game mode and much more character customisation.7/10Pros/Cons+ The combat system is honed to near perfection and is massively enjoyable thanks to its balance.+ The visuals are stunning and the in-game aesthetics carry through the medieval style of the game.+ Compared to modern games, Chivalry: MW makes for a refreshing release amongst the many FPSs.+ Combat is really entertaining and the hilarious audio keeps you playing online for hours on end.- A single player mode could have worked really well with the combat system and look of the game.- The complete lack of plot is a bit of a let-down, even though this game is only multiplayer.- Character customisation falls short and just isn't up to scratch for an online multiplayer game."
76561198034471443,Recommended,219640,4249377,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Bill Nye Did 9/11,This is a really good game. Anyone should get this. Its hard at 1st but once you get hang of it than you can own peoples faces :D
76561198012532701,Recommended,219640,2781625,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Pray the Rosary,its fun Mkay
76561198195877110,Recommended,219640,16085614,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Ubernoodle,This game rocks and is way better than the Xbox 360 version where you cannot change the graphics settings to see limbs severed. There is nothing better than coming home from a bad day at work and severing the limbs and heads of your foes. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
76561198031697826,Recommended,219640,13050302,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Sam Stowell,This is the best Medieval game i have ever played this is a little better than skyrim because you can play online and fight people also it is VERY realistic with blood guts and gore i would definetly recommend this to anyone who like Medieval Warfare games! :D
,Recommended,219640,21098383,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Dahgz,"My team and I don our armor and prepare for battle. Our mission is to protect our campfires - with life and limb. As the gates open, our men rush forth, ten of us, all screaming bloody murder endlessly as we parouse around the castle courtyard. Three times, we circle the area, screaming all the while, before meeting our foes and violently clashing, still screaming.It took 5 matches or so to get the mechanics of the game down, and on the 6th match, my friends and I laughed so hard out of pure enjoyment of the medieval violence unfolding in front of us that I, for one, cried for a few minutes. Yes. I'll admit it. The voice mechanics, in terms of usable voice commands, as well as mashing the c button to keep the blood curdling screaming going, seriously makes this game. Think mount and blade, but at your command.The only thing I would like to see is ""more"" weapons, which dont require microtransactions. There are a lot of weapons in terms of categories, but few options in between that dont cost money, and even fewer stats involved. (3, technically). A more involved leveling system, move system (in conjunction with the improved leveling system), loot system with variety, and more customization options and this game would be a juggernaut.This game is amazing, and though it may get ""old"" as I play it more, I cannot believe I didnt get it sooner. Best 4 pack money can buy on Steam, hands down. If you and your 3 friends can get over the initially clunky feeling gameplay, and find a fighting style that suits you, you will have a BLAST."
76561198060881348,Recommended,219640,8905233,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,flip its,This is the best first person medieval multiplayer games I have played has lots of fun game modes and can give you hours of fun. The only bad thing top this game is its takes some getting used to attacks and requires good level of skill to really help your team in multiplayer so except getting killed a lot for first hours of gameplay with low amount of killing  but the team effort is still fun.
,Recommended,219640,16434535,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MultipleLetters,"Chivalry has started a siege on my living room and there is no end in sight. This game provides an experience beyond all words and expectations. It's like medieval Call of Duty for lack of a better comparison. Offering multiple unique gametypes ranging from 64 player team objective matches to 32 player death matches, whether you want to reign terror as a monotlithic knight or rain arrows as an eagle-eyed archer (with classes to choose from in between), there is an unparalleled gaming experience wating for you on the other side of this wall. FOR THE ORDER!"
76561198036836778,Not Recommended,219640,16378964,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,PhiBoy788,Everything is behind a paywall and their new member servers are garbage.0/10
,Recommended,219640,7899619,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,[SC]Vaask,"First off, let me say that this review will be two-in-one: one for Chivalry: Medieval Warfare (CMW) and Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior (CDW).Chivalry: Medieval Warfare: Chivalry is an amazingly fun and rewarding game that can seem intimidating for the new player. When you first start out and pick the tutorial you will feel out of place and in over your head. You're given numerous commands to practice and master, with a variety of key strokes and combos being thrown at you early on. When you move on to the core MP, you begin as a untrained whelp, flailing and swinging wildly while more skilled opponents beat you down. But slowly you recognize the patterns and develop strategies to deal with your enemies. The sense of reward you get upon beating an opponent in a one-on-one duel is immensely satisfying.While your standard game modes like FFA, TDM, and CTF are there, the real joy comes from the ""Team Objective"" game mode. These matches can last up to 30 minutes but are arguably the best of all the game-modes. Combat in Chivalry is visceral and addictive. Even the frustration of death is lessened by the hilariously over-the-top depictions of violence.While initially intimidating and slightly frustrating, Chivalry offers a rewarding experience for those that stick with it, and those who enjoy team-based games will get many hours of enjoyment from the Team Objective mode.Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior: I really wanted to like CDW. It seems amazing, offering you the chance to play as a Samurai, Knight, Spartan, Viking, Ninja, or Pirate. The settings are pulled from each warriors respective civilizations and there is quite a bit of detail in the landscapes. Weapons and bonuses are easier to unlock than in CMW. Those positives aside, the real enjoyment out of Chivalry is the combat and the teamwork, both of which are lacking in CDW.There is no Team Objective mode in CDW as of this writing. Game modes revolve around Last Team Standing, Free for All, or Team Death Match. The maps, while detailed, are enormous. This poses problems when trying to find enemies to fight, and Last Team Standing matches usually end up with two teams camping in their spawns while others fight and weaken their numbers. While a respectable strategy, games drag out longer than necessary, exacerbated by the scale of the battlefield. Gameplay is much faster paced, but seems to favor ""twitch"" gameplay over strategy. At first, I thought this was due to my trying to apply my CMW tactics to CDW, but after hours of playing I found that other players were having similar problems. Parrying and counter-striking rarely proves effective while hit detection is severely off. More than once I've swung at an enemy at close range only to not hit him, while other hits connected when I thought they would be misses. LMB spam tends to win out far more than in CMW. CDW seems to just try to copy the basic mechanics of CMW without any of the strategy or feeling of accomplishment of the original.I wholeheartedly suggest players give CMW a shot and stick with it for a little bit to give it a good shot. I wouldn't recommend CDW if you are a huge fan of CMW, but would suggest it if you find CMW's combat/speed to be too slow for your tastes, though I might recommend waiting for further patches to be released."
76561198005021959,Recommended,219640,26745501,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Sparrow,"Chivalry: Medieval WarfareFirst it has to be said that this is another one of those games drowning in a deluge of cruel, bullying good-for-nothings who think their online actions mean nothing. If you get easily angered by evil individuals or at the very least hate seeing it, the best thing to do is to deactivate the chat.Because not playing this game is not an option.There are many online melee games out there now and since Chivalry grew so popular many have opted for a similar theme. Unfortunately, most have failed to not only build upon Chivalry's groundwork but also replicate it at all. I don't know how I can possibly post a review that people can feel they can trust or even find helpful; all I can tell you is that I am sick to death of MOBAs. Such a pointless game genre it's unbearable ... and yet this one right here ... I keep coming back to it. All the time.It's solid gameplay is addictive. The joy of getting that kil lyou so very nearly failed to achieve is amazing. Dying is, yes, one of those moments of ""AAAAAAWHfvgchdxlvcbhjvvhjgk!"" as you will now have to run all the way back, so keep that in mind before purchasing. But it is unique. I feel like I grew out of competetive multiplayer a long time ago, even Halo multiplayer I stopped with and I love Halo. After my teen years I just felt bored by it.And yet this game is amazing. It really is one of a kind so please do yourselves a kindness and try it out before that is no longer the case.Just ... turn off chat.Seriously."
76561198063321257,Recommended,219640,10850562,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lemon,"I don't even own the game and i can write a review, 10/10 their are swords and medieval stuff"
,Recommended,219640,10855008,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Evan is a Lemon,I got crushed by a boulder. 11/10
76561198119459076,Recommended,219640,31493874,Posted: 1 May,all,Killer™,i feel like real knight playing this game
76561198164074518,Recommended,219640,21149428,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,"Bean, Jelly Bean",gud
,Recommended,219640,31616464,Posted: 7 May,all,Eddie Smurfy,"This game is a game i love, but only bucause of friends. its great to whack on friends but online multiplayer is meh."
76561198008561227,Recommended,219640,20214530,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ol`Scratch,Awesome!
76561197979913431,Recommended,219640,10617389,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Krom,"Good game once you get past the initial learning curve.  Xbox 360 controller is supported, but is quite difficult.  Ongoing bug fixes, although each solution is likely to cause a new bug. Also I would not recommend the Deadliest Warrior expansion.  It's alright, but it does not have Chivalry's most popular game mode: Team Objective."
,Recommended,219640,11330794,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,XNKINGG,Amazingly fun and a pretty accurate fighting action.
,Recommended,219640,27457258,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,İt's My Sky,gerçekcilik %100oynanış kolaylığı%100Fiyatı ucuz. Efektler harika . Herkesde bulunması gereken bir oyunOyunla ilgili videom:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQ5gVOJ1vDs&list=PLIS-DLOtOvDtL0mp8Tk4m5Lq8qoEqW2l8
76561198050672999,Recommended,219640,13036776,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,FangDango,This game is pretty awesome and is better then any slandered hack and slash game I've played this far.
,Recommended,219640,19836691,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Google Drive,This was probably Jihadi John's favorite game.
76561197995430302,Recommended,219640,19796220,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Jungo,You can swing your sword at someone face.
,Recommended,219640,5028961,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Cliff Note,"Bloody, gory, violent batlles. Heads rolling, arms flailing. If it can be cut with a sword, then it's gonna be cut with a sword!"
,Not Recommended,219640,31011932,Posted: 8 April,all,"MUMMY, I'VE GOT A QUESTION!?",Exploiters ruined this game.
,Recommended,219640,14895903,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Lord Doritos XIVI,"this game is one of my favourite games, as you can tell by my hours in it...since i started there have been some issues fixed (i.e Kick), sure the AU community is a tad toxic but you get used to it and eventually it doesnt bother you, still wondering when players will get fire arrow lol, all in all this game is and always will be a favorite."
76561198289619975,Recommended,219640,29008635,Posted: 4 January,all,timuxa,it's very good and addictive game. hope to see more choise of weapons and missions.
,Recommended,219640,7700901,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Gatormouth,Vanilla Chivalry - AmazingDeadliest Warrior - Pile of steaming horse♥♥♥♥♥
76561198077556065,Recommended,219640,13549122,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Cronos csgoatse.com,;
,Recommended,219640,24326653,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Gündalf,"just good, not awesomeIt's very fun if you play with friends"
76561198094731109,Recommended,219640,11591391,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Skyfus,"I recommend this game with great reluctance;While it IS fun, the developers seem to spend more time releasing shiny new expensive skins and less time patching the damn bugs related to connectivity issues, server browsing and, in particular, one objective map that often skips 2 large objectives or fails to set the defending team's spawn further back when required.Don't even get me started on deadliest warrior, the servers of which have been listed as empty for almost 4 monthsThe hack n' slash is fun, there's still a strategic element in regards to position, bombardment, and allocation of classes across a teamI'm recommending you buy this, but leave out Deadliest warrior (fun but totally broken) and don't try to get involved in the numerous abusive conversations that span across each and every game."
,Recommended,219640,25182666,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,cTef ▲,Fun Game totally worth it.
,Recommended,219640,7856321,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,surno,how to chivalry1. pick vanguard2. feint3. get kicked from the server
,Recommended,219640,16634529,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jellyChimera #soloQisgambling,"Swords, bows and lots of blood. Nice !"
76561198085174920,Recommended,219640,16527497,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Assfoot,Vanguard: The saga
,Recommended,219640,18689988,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Buriedego,"One of the most fun games i have ever played but has a community absolutely full of trolls. If you have low patience.. ignore ♥♥♥♥ing everyone. If you cant ignore people, dont play this game.Worst gaming community ever. Horrible vote kick system."
,Recommended,219640,8553921,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,watkie,"It's very fun and addicting. I chopped 4 peoples heads off with one swing of a sword, whats not to like about that?"
,Recommended,219640,18606075,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SyL ✔,Just try xD
,Recommended,219640,18883485,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,DamNed,FFA : Backstab SimulatorTDM : Butcher Simulator12/10 will be covered in blood and backstabbed again.
,Recommended,219640,18884786,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Lil G✅,Competitive and realistic! Lots of cool mods to play. My favorite mod is the lightsaber mod.
,Recommended,219640,16104896,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dan,My teamates hit me more than the other team 10/10
,Recommended,219640,18284588,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Takeda Iesyu,It's not War of the Roses.
,Recommended,219640,18507622,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Saphkey,"Most in-debth, dynamic and undoubtedly BEST real-time combat system in gaming!There's just too much good to be said here. So just take my review."
,Recommended,219640,18548299,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,hojo,берешь арбалет - стреляешь в еблет
,Recommended,219640,18539728,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Xais,Im suprisingly ♥♥♥♥ing good at this game... If only there was a Chivaly pro scene...Zweihander-ing some kid's head in has never felt this satisfying before.
,Recommended,219640,18559568,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,President Trump,Isis Simulator 2016
,Recommended,219640,19056750,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,CYBER Tiger,It is a very good game (but you'll hate it when it all goes bad for you).
,Recommended,219640,19026930,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Staff 'The Slope Smasher',"An interesting platform that will change the way you know FPS!Tactics bound with precision, you'll find yourself running away from many of a foe with the melee weapon that with history shows was superior to your very own. Many hours of replay with friends, but are your a sword wielding Knight or Samurai? Or perhaps a Mace and Fail kind guy to beat your way past that Knights shield?Its a great game, servers are generally quick however does take some time to become proficient with the weapons system which may lead to some early rage before you learn to enjoy the game.8/10 Would Pirate you again!Where has the rum gone?"
76561197972419061,Recommended,219640,19076174,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,☩│℣│☩ Baker,"Chivalry is an amazing game!*Unique fighting mechanics*Good maps*There is good in the community, but it is overshadowed by salty people...*The DLC is created by members of the community. A ""fair"" percentage of the price you pay is given to the designer as royalties*Good graphics and music*Amazing in-game charcter voices*Except for a few weapons (which can have their own flaws that you need to learn), everything is balanced (Yes archers are cancer! But they did exist! learn to dodge or equip a shield.)If you have not already purchased the game and are reading the negative comments (Very fun to laugh at) you see the phrase ""Toxic community"" appear. Whenever this game is on a steam sale or bundle, I always want to go knight with a tower shield on my back... If your are new to the game. Please note the following:1. Don't hit your own team members - Accidents happen, so say when you and a fellow team member kill a guy and your sword goes through the enemy and hits your team mate as well. Just say sorry etc... Also if you keep running into someone else's fight greedily trying to get the killing blow and you hit your team mate, your an♥♥♥♥♥ Same goes for someone interfering with your fight; you hit them by accident... unlucky them.2. Stay off the catapult and ballista!!!!!!!!!!! Don't aim for the team objective where all your team members are gathering at... PLEASE! Only use them if you know how to. (Else everyone will kill you and kick your♥♥♥♥♥out of the match ASAP)3. See that guy there with red on his armor? He was an agatha player with blood from the enemy he just slain! Make sure you know who you are actually attacking! (Hint: Red or Blue name shall appear at the bottom of the screen)4. Learn the length of your weapon. (It will help, trust me)5. Hating the draggers and feinters? Watch the infininite number of videos on Youtube that explains how its done. It ain't rocket science. This game is not Pay to win or be the best in the match to unlock extra perks to help kill more enemies. The weapons do not get accessories to improve their effectiveness... This is a game of experience and skill. If the game did not include the features of dragging, feinting and accelerating; then it would drag fights out till someone messes up or runs out of stamina only!6. Last one - Team damage... when you swing a weapon sideways it will hit anything in it's reach.. so why do you swing when standing next to your own team members?!! Use overhead and stabbing attacks. The tutorial is good for beginners but it shouldn't have to explain common sense. So don't hate the game, hate yourself for not paying attention to your surroundings. Those 3 guys on your team you just hit will happily remind you!P.S. We love it when you panic block :)"
,Recommended,219640,19341781,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,JJ,SORRY! SORRY! SORRY! SORRY! FOR AGATHA!! SORRY! SORRY!
,Recommended,219640,19300197,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Rin,"hah your arm is gone, hah your other arm is gone, hah.... MY ARM IS GONE!! LELELELELLELEL"
,Recommended,219640,19281325,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Shin B. Omnis,"Easily my favorite multiplayer game on Steam. This game doesn't do much in the way of handholding, and if you're new its gonna be a while before you start seeing any success on the scoreboard. This is a game that requires a fair bit of effort to learn and get good at. Sadly the fanbase has been dwindling, but those that remain are extremely devoted to and clearly love this game. The combat is highly enjoyable and visceral, with different weapons and methods of fighting, from the mighty Knight wielding a two-handed longsword and cleaving through enemies in a single strike, to a speedy Man-at-Arms who can dash around the battlefield, broadsword in hand, stabbing everyone to death. I cannot stress enough how fun the combat is in this game once you've gotten the hang of it. FOR AGATHA!"
76561197961747231,Recommended,219640,19139858,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,¦TØP¦ NASTY_BUTLER,A classic.  Like Counter Strike but with swords.
,Recommended,219640,17777284,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,informer,"If you have doubts about whether people still play it, I can confirm Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is still as popular as ever and there are a good many servers with 50+ players."
76561198056463480,Recommended,219640,18228185,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Colonel Mustang,"This game, holy ♥♥♥♥ this game.You will have more  ""how the ♥♥♥♥ did I just do that"" moments than hotline miami"
,Recommended,219640,18117560,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Charles Dickins,EVERYONE NEEDS TO CLEAVE A SKULLWOULD RECOMMEND
,Recommended,219640,18127856,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Classic | DayZRP.com,Pick Mason.Pick Archer.Scream.Laugh until you die.Repeat.18.3/10 would listen to archer's battlecry again.
,Recommended,219640,18138337,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,JEDI MIND TRICKS,"Bought this game for 3$ on a sale. Never regretted it once. Despite the steep lerning curve there is so much content to play with, it got me hooked for days. It will take you hours, days, weeks even months to master each class and be good at it! And take my word,YOU WILL DIE A LOT!!At the beggining I died almost every fight I got in, now after 20 hours I'm quite proficient with the class I chose to stick with and I can defend myself and kill most of the other opponents 1v1 and sometimes even 2v1. If you see this game on a sale, grab it. It will be the best time you'll have!"
76561198006986577,Recommended,219640,16366410,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DragonElderX9,"Fun multiplayer medieval battles.  Different game types, deathmatch, capture the flag, etc.  The combat is pretty fluid and well done.  If you wanna slaughter ♥♥♥♥♥es, medieval style, this is the way to do it."
76561198137232578,Recommended,219640,26184850,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,۞ JUST DO IT ۞,great game
,Not Recommended,219640,18095070,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,レディ,"in the unadulterated version of this review,  I attempted to explain a causality to my uninstall and why this game is mocking me in my sleep. but as I can't ctrl c and then proceed with ctrl v, I will attempt to detail to you my experience in this review....it sucked.I found that playing it drunk helped, but I couldn't keep that up. I'm not that into the medieval era, excluding the music.  BUT, I will say that, the people who currently worship this game are, of most, very talented. in that they exploited it, abused it and turned it into another call of duty game. FPS games, in their purest, suck as an outlet. And, in all honesty, I was surprised I didn't attend this funeral earlier.I will leave you with a form of advice that assisted me in playing this:'you've never been very honest when holding a sword, my son. Assure that a pint of ale has passed by, and you have ensured it's home. For your days on this planet are numbered, and irritating.'-my drunken conscious."
76561198080980901,Recommended,219640,18140019,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Helps to Have a Map,Nice medieval yelling simulator.
,Recommended,219640,18062005,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,The Normal One,nice
76561198067252940,Recommended,219640,8473190,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dropleaf,"Chivalry is an amazing game with many weapons that one can use to dominate! Controls are great, everything feels smooth, and there are no balance issues. Chiv is one of those games that you just need in your game library."
,Recommended,219640,16099709,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,RICHARD OF FASTIDORIA,Best Screaming Simulator ever.
,Not Recommended,219640,18250726,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Kenconut,dododododododdo selling dodododododo
,Recommended,219640,10230835,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,crusader,"This game is amazing. The workshop is a big part of this game. There are a million gamemodes, so you'll never get bored. Most of the time this game would be on sale for $6.99."
,Recommended,219640,4548079,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Arc,"If you are into medieval style battle and weapons, and are hooked on realistic gor like myself, this is the game to get. Nothing is more satisfying after a long day of work then slamming a mace into my enemies face and watching their entire head smash to pieces. The style of fighting is more than just repeated clicking, you actually have to keep a rhythm. Buy this game."
76561198043669565,Not Recommended,219640,18054939,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,HotCocoa,"Used to be good.  Only get this if you plan to LAN.1 - All the customisation options are locked behind a paywall for exhuberant prices.2 - All the colour customisation options just make it unclear who is on what team, when its blue vs red someone in black is not great.3 - Servers are empty, for an Australian my only choice is a mod map  or 500 ping.4 - Unlocks rarely work, Progression towards new weapons never counts (even on offical servers)"
,Not Recommended,219640,18026280,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,WyattEarp,Offical team kill simulator all this game is about is your team stabbing you in the back while your are fighting because the community is made up of 13 year olds
76561198059318569,Recommended,219640,15120291,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Lawli (King of Kings),"Great game, it's hard, but awesome, so much better when playing with friends.Playing by Myself 8/10Playing with mates 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,14721392,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,SER | Irate Troglodyte,you loke blood and flying limbs? this game has it. and in spectacular display. well worth buying.
,Recommended,219640,11765790,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Jellie,"I really like this game, It has some weapons in it that not many games use which is very good because it makes it a one of a kind, there are some glitches every now and again but whats a good game without some glitches here and there, It has what every person in this world needs, blood, pointy objects, and dismemberment."
76561198047163794,Recommended,219640,5266480,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Sarle_,why did i buy this game ?
76561198061920405,Recommended,219640,6240438,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,Momo♥,i think chivalry ist the COD of middleage
,Recommended,219640,6306158,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,thetankburger,sexy
,Recommended,219640,5171473,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,null,now this is a real game
76561198067501068,Recommended,219640,6495238,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Hodji's world,yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
76561198076661250,Recommended,219640,6833822,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Rory,Its Fun.
,Recommended,219640,6834299,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Vie,"Hack n' slash, rinse and repeat. Decapitating someone is pretty satisfying. For 10 bucks it was worth it. I wouldn't pay more than that for it."
76561198080743246,Recommended,219640,6962131,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Karmantes,Theee Ooorrrdaaaahhh !!!!
76561198079992742,Recommended,219640,6939543,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Mild Bobby Sauce,Great Game. Fun Medieval Combat Based FPS. Good Multiplayer
,Recommended,219640,6946706,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,madwolf,"Самая безумная игра,советую)"
,Recommended,219640,6921848,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,sploopers !,"Mindless fun like cod, but not a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,6929022,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,Elegant Beef,Must have pc game
,Recommended,219640,5802516,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,Roll_DMG,It's a cult classic. Dost thou even hoist?
76561198055342416,Recommended,219640,5820761,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Normski,laggy as ♥♥♥♥k
,Recommended,219640,6566536,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Sheo,"I punched a knight to death with my fist as he died gracefully while screaming ""I'M ON FIRE""10/10"
,Recommended,219640,7501043,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Goob,This game is the best game for if you want a game for where you want to chop other guys in a game.
,Recommended,219640,10911370,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Autism is Kwl!,My head got cut off and i watched it roll from its perpective... 10/10
,Recommended,219640,14314592,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Riso,Team killing simulator 2015.10/10
,Recommended,219640,11042048,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,HoffaSaurusX,"This game had me lose track of time like nothing else. It feels like old fashioned UT or Quake III, but with swords and axes, and every kill is satisfying"
76561198031967258,Not Recommended,219640,11067053,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,JK,"I have tried this game during free weekends and finally decided to buy it in the hope that they had fixed the terrible game play. Unfortunately they have not. The core of the gameplay, attacking and blocking the opposition is still broken to the point that the game is not fun, but provides a frustrating experience.It creates anger every time you play it becuase the game field is not fair. Everything feels slow and clunky becuase all the servers lag so badly. Some are better than others, but in the end, those with the best pings will dominate. It is not uncommon to die 10 times and only get 1 kill becuase the lag is so bad. Your actions on screen are not registered and all you end up doing is getting killed unfairly as hits go through your block. This repeats every match, every game.If Torn Banner actually cared about the game, they would have attempted to fix it after all these years instead of making a DLC for it. I cannot recommed this game to anyone, not even when it is on sale as I feel like I should be entitled to a refund. It is not fun nor challenging. It just provides hours of frustration while taking your money and wasting your time."
76561198058214637,Recommended,219640,11105170,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Mathee,"Gloriously hilarious and fun with copious amounts of blood and gory sound effects. If you have a need to hack away at human flesh, grab a few friends and enjoy the entertainment that ensues during the next few hours."
76561198034383170,Recommended,219640,14104541,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,bored.,"Blocking's a bit goofy and there are a couple of OP player-created moves, and archer is useless.Other than that, it's good gory fun, with plenty of exploding heads and missing limbs to pass the time."
76561198111733331,Recommended,219640,14737659,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,GiraffeLord,Teamkill your tryhard friends the whole game.10.47/11
76561197973359129,Recommended,219640,15642914,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Suggestive Content,Left Click Simulator 2012
,Recommended,219640,10179243,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Deceptichronic,"Simply put, this game is gorgeous, the controls are smooth, and even for those who don't agree the game does work flawlessly with a gamepad.  There isn't a hard handicap when it comes to gamepad play, and I have won matches with it, but down the road you might want to customize the config file for preference.But back to the game, the combat system is smooth with that classic battle feel, timed hit blocks, with duels that will leave your adrenaline rushing, and who doesn't love a bloody decapitation now and then?I highly reccomend this game to those who enjoy fps, (there also is 3rd person alternative as well) and hope to see the rest of you on the battlefield being dismembered >:]"
,Recommended,219640,10967362,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Skypture,You can sound like you are sh*tting.
76561198142427048,Recommended,219640,12532098,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Danny_DinoGamer,Cant stop but to crack up with laphter when i die
76561198083975373,Recommended,219640,13459545,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Penguin,awesome
,Recommended,219640,13030462,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Inq,"A great game to have. The controls are easy to pick up and quickly have some fun,Its great for blowing off steam - 5 minutes of chopping people's arms off with a sword or squashing someones head like a melon with a sledge hammer makes you feel better some how - Of course you do this to the sound track of other people constantly screaming and shouting either that they are on fire or that they want to kill you.10/10"
,Recommended,219640,11951034,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Nitroxc,"I punched a guys head off then his friend came along, cut my head off then i fell to the ground his cut each of my limbs off and began the T-bag my body, 10/10 should get."
,Recommended,219640,13842560,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mercyboss,"Became the Black Knight, got some limbs chopped off. 10/10 would flesh wound again."
,Recommended,219640,13971475,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,resiaK,fockin sick m8
,Recommended,219640,15214381,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Cilerato,"punched somebody's head offstabbed somebody's foot with a dagger, head comes offshot somebody with a ballista in the head, goes through them10/10 good physics nice game IGN aprooved PCgamer gave it a 90.45 on metacritic it's okay"
76561198014933683,Recommended,219640,11093461,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Doopers,Wow
,Recommended,219640,14105978,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Guderian,"Visceral, kinetic medieval combat.  A solid killing blow can decapitate or dismember with a satisfying THWACK.  The feint system and differing levels of encumbrance between classes make for a high skill ceiling, but it's good fun even if, like me, you just want to jump on for some casual brutality."
76561198168596849,Recommended,219640,16109204,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Почтовый голубь,"Впечатления сложились положительные, порадовала графика и геймплей конечно же, большое разнообразие карт и режимов игры, 4 класса внушающих войнов, с хорошим оружием, порадовало то что класс можно менять прямо в бою и ещё выбор основного и дополнительного вида оружия, так же сделана хорошая костюмизация войнов, есть много шлемов , нагрудников и накидок, в общем хочу сказать что игра получилась хорошая, есть конечно пара минусов, но я думаю что вскоре их исправят. Если вы любите мясо, средневековье и прочее в этом духе, то вы обязательно должны преобрести эту игру и сами ощутить атмосферу."
76561198137885968,Recommended,219640,16107351,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Tystro,gets smashed in the face with a maul10/10 would get smashed again
,Recommended,219640,16362202,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gordon Cole's Earpiece,SpawnGet killed by an archerSpawnGet team killedSpawnGet ganged up on 5v1SpawnGet killed by an archerRepeat11/10 Would play again
76561197969766454,Recommended,219640,16364466,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,<REC> TOM,"Lel ! this game is down to   2$99    two weeks after I bought it    20$    during a previous sale.But ""fun I had playing this game with my friends""    >  [(  20 - 2.99 ) x 10^9 ] $Can't wait for their next game, hopping they push its optimization."
,Recommended,219640,16367129,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,私はピザより生活よりも愛して,AAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,16092362,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,theGOLDENpotato,yes
,Recommended,219640,16094005,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Nathan,Free Weekend? Best Weekend :)
76561198105365610,Recommended,219640,14056590,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Chazza,I scream like a viking and swing a hammer. You should buy this.
,Recommended,219640,13590729,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bluecheese,"Nice concept overall the graphic and motions are top notch, but I do recommend more asian servers because it's terribly laggy playing in US servers...."
,Recommended,219640,14169336,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,McGregor,"art thou my enuch? well, I shall make it so!10/10 would stab again"
76561198092097056,Recommended,219640,14359830,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Senator Palpatine,Every game you have ever loved is♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to this game.10/10
76561198015913476,Recommended,219640,16074921,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,X,I got this for £3 in the sale of 80% off after the trial weekend and it's one of the funniest games I've ever played. Lopping people's heads off is more fun than you'd think :)
,Recommended,219640,16071439,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,crímѕσn αmαчα,"I remember saying back in the older CoD days how I really wanted a medieval  version of it. Here it is, and I can't stop playing it. It's just one of those games! Great job guys!"
76561198074724533,Recommended,219640,16446512,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,KlejnotNilu,I liveI dieI live again
76561198000197909,Not Recommended,219640,16403202,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DJSeagrooves,This game is terrible. Please god do not buy it.
,Recommended,219640,16404814,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dnompal,"Worst community of any game i've ever played, but i mean you can decapitate people and chop off their limbs so i guess that kind of makes up for it. I recommend this game to people who won't add to the horribleness of the community."
76561198002913841,Recommended,219640,19404974,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,pugo,agathaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
,Recommended,219640,16252105,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Team Clockworks,"Great Game, Recommended!"
,Recommended,219640,16322279,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,african america,it's k i guess
76561198131887680,Recommended,219640,16488607,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Valkix/TDM,"Great game for intense me lee combat with a variety of attacks such as stabs, overheads, and slashes for different circumstances. Also has a block feature so fighting isn't trading hit for hit. Many fun chaotic game modes and overall The Chivalry is a great game and was worth my money."
76561198070483016,Recommended,219640,16311950,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,D34TH5TR0K3,"TL:DR = The reviews that Do not recommend this game ARE NOT WRONG. I am just Highly recommending the purchase of this game, while it is on the cheap.For only $6.99 You can receive Chivalry: Medieval Warfare and Chivalry:Deadliest Warrior. When I Initially Purchased this game I didn't really notice alot of attention from the develpers of this game nor did I pay attention. I have only recently started playing again for no other reason that I became reinterested after I noticed a tremendous amount of Updates. I am very happy with the game as it is right now and haven't noticed too many game related bugs or issues.Bugs/Issues As follows1) Dead at spawn during Last Man Standinga)Last man Standing is like Counter Strike GO During competitive mode.b) This bug is fixed my re-entering the class you pick ""M"" by default2) Body Parts seizing on the grounda) This is not game breaking. But it does drop some frames.b) Even on my low end pc (Powered by Hamster) I haven't Crashed While running this game.3) Matchmaking, I have noticed issues involving team balancing.a) Keep in mind this can temporarily be solved if you are willing to switch to another team when a team has available players.b) It doesn't always auto switch players to balance teams.c) Some higher ranked players aren't mature enough balance themselves manually and will stack onto the team with the most powerful players on it. As humiliating as that may be, rank doesn't mean they automatically are better than you stat-wise.As of to date these are the only issues that may detract you from your enjoyable gameplay experience. But so far hasn't made me ever discourage owning this game."
,Recommended,219640,26991750,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fuня.,The best medieval war-game I've ever played. There's blood everywhere.
,Recommended,219640,27333902,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kaas,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,219640,27564921,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Super Saiyan Salva,"Really fun game. Would definetly recommened for people that are looking for something relaxing, fun and engaging."
,Recommended,219640,27203877,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dauntless,Really nice medieval game. Lots of hand to hand combat.
,Recommended,219640,24033176,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Space Waffle,Screaming Simulator
,Recommended,219640,29355316,Posted: 19 January,all,Misha,Russian party simulator.10/10
76561198002494754,Not Recommended,219640,25875998,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Born In Flames,"This game was a fun concept, but it as suffered greatly by exploits on the combat system performed by the players, and a lack of support by the developers, who seem to be unwilling to fix the issues the combat system has.You will play this game until you are level 15, then you will be forced out of the low skill  servers, and when that happens you will be met with players spining around and hitting you from behind, and through your shield, in what can only be described has an extremely frustrating experience.  Save yourself the trouble and do not waste monney on this game. Its old and outdated, look forward to mordhau instead."
76561198129932842,Recommended,219640,27134001,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,beni200000,great game
76561198006428501,Recommended,219640,27802785,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SPN | Archangel,"Chivalry is a game with big potential but unfortunately it has one big issue - bad game mechanic that allows players to do weird and unrealistic moves and (easily) win fights like that. And worst is only way you can fight against these game mechanic abusers is to abuse the game mechanic too. Also, it seems like the developers will never fix that and they are concidering it as a legit tactic now. I know some people (especially those who abuse the game mechanic) will say something like: ""It's legit tactic and you can learn these moves too."" (i'm sure they wouldn't say it politely like this xD), but i would say to that: ""I want to play medieval FPS and that's why i bought this game, i'm not interested in playing game - who can abuse the game mechanic better and do the weirdest moves possible."" This game deserves double rating. One for 0-15 level and one for 15+ levels. 0-15 level - no game mechanic abusers: 8,5/10 (8,5 because of some bugs in the game) and 15+ levels - it's almost impossible to find game without the abusers: 3,5/10 (3,5 because if you find some game where there are only like 1 or 2 abusers you can still have fun). It was really hard to decide if i want recommend this game or not. If you don't care about abusing the game mechanic and you believe you can learn to do that or if you don't care about being destroyed by these abusers then i can recommend this game for you, if you are against it then i recommend you to wait for some better game like Mordhau. Result: 4,5/10 (without the broken game mechanic it would be, as i said, 8,5/10)"
76561198012948805,Not Recommended,219640,28493672,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,dedalusonline,"What can I say. The game did not even start. Errors about missing DX dll's. All the suggestions of installing DX9.0c do no fix the issue.Probably the game is quite interesting, but optimization - sucks badly."
,Recommended,219640,28398771,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Italow,Remember: Always take a bow before beating the brains out of your opponent with a Mace.10/10
76561198140862723,Recommended,219640,13168929,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lord GabeN,I punched a guy and his head exploded 11/10
76561198061058786,Recommended,219640,14159175,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lubricated Thimble,"Great game, but be warned: Playing for too long will result in you ripping out your hair at how much of a rage game this is."
76561198051616495,Recommended,219640,16834899,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,✪Cyкаліcioцc Krooket,"Chivalry gives you a fine experience (and first person I might add) on what it should have been, having your head chopped off!This game starts off nicely by explaining its standards and how to play, though it is not enough. You really need to spend some time out there on the battlefield to enjoy the game, but I have to warn you...it gets frustrating as hell! I grabbed this game during the summer sales and was really eager to try it out, but after 30 minutes of constant cursing I decided to never play this again. The cameras are awful, controls are feel awkward enough to get to your nerves and everyone obliterates you!Then again this happens to every noob in any game. They make excuses...so I decided to give this another chance and after a while I got there. Started to realise how to be more accurate and the 3rd person cam helped a lot. There are several servers with different levels of players so you can match up with noobs like yourselve at the beginning and get a grasp of the game. Moreover the graphics are decent and the game doesn't need much to run smooth. Moreover you can make in game purchases that enhance only your visual experience (sth like dota/cs go skins) so your performance depends on your skill on every class.P.S If you get the chance grab the dlc too, graphics are a little better and there are different kinds of warriors spartans, samurais etc and it gives you a better fighting experience with more variety in my opinion."
76561198045316873,Recommended,219640,16582179,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Oli Papa Juan,"Teamkill simulator, I rate it 9/1110/10 mediocre - IGN"
76561198184187943,Recommended,219640,16903232,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Agent Smith,"SO. MUCH. FUN!On my second game ever, I got three other guys to form up a shield wall. We had big shield guys crouching and spearmen over them stabbing. It was tragic watching all the knights die and fail to protect the king.FREAKIN' INSANE10000000000000000000000000000000/10"
,Recommended,219640,19921132,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Wioll,really enjoy the  fighting its super awesome! Some of the game modes are pretty unique. Deffinitly worth it if on sale.
,Recommended,219640,19919204,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Silverwolfe,"There's a bit of a learning curve to this game, and you'll find that once you start getting comfortable with a weapon, other players will begin to make fun of you for being lame and only knowing how to do one thing. I love everything about this. The elitism can drive you away, or drive you to play better. The combat is so much fun, and you never know what might happen. Entertaining and hilarious, there is no reason to not buy this game."
,Recommended,219640,19920192,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,TheSilentKillerx,Great medieval combat game. I rate 9/10.
,Recommended,219640,17873867,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,IMT,Arkadaşlarınızla beraber oynayacaksanız ve ortaçağ oyunlarını seviyorsanız indirimde iken kaçırmayın fakat 39 TL iken alınmaz bence.
76561198027002211,Recommended,219640,13044924,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Tybalt,Best Black Friday Simulator.10/10Would play again.
76561198032844830,Recommended,219640,4149824,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Vandelay,AARRRGHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAA!Need I say more?
,Recommended,219640,3764895,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Kreinas,"One of THE best multiplayer games I've ever experienced. Responsive, real-time combat where skill, not reaction time, gets the kill."
,Recommended,219640,4451580,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,Cuper Styles_YT,este juego es la ostia  compradlo y hechamos partidas
76561198029035871,Recommended,219640,3915867,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Little Punk,Она невероятно ЭПИЧНА!!!
,Recommended,219640,28111970,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Jig McGalliger,"The best medieval brawler available, end of story,"
76561198014249500,Recommended,219640,27127029,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Flob Rotten,"I nominated this game for the ''Deus Vult'' award. That is a title that should be obvious to anyone having played this game and used the warcry and could replace thet ""AGATHAAAAAAAAA"" or ""WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAEAEAEAEAEAEAEA"" whith a clean ""DEUS VULT"" while charging those heretical Masons.This is a multiplayer game meaning you will play with other players and against other players. This gives the game a dynamic touch. No fight will be the same (and if you do the same every time you will be bested). There's an array of classes, weapons, gamemodes and maps. And with thanks to the workshop more mods, gamemodes and maps will be provided ad infinitum.+ Great swordplay+ Difficult learning curve+Teamplay is very rewarding+Friendly fire for immersion- Friendly fire for immersion- No actual Deus Vult shout- No saracens (to remove of course)"
,Recommended,219640,27995690,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ace0fSpace,"Great game, I'd wait for it to be on sale tho. I don't think its worth 27.99 but it really is worth 2.79"
76561198040554509,Not Recommended,219640,28313522,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,𝕌ℕ𝕀𝕋,game was the $@*$* but then RANK 15 HITyea just to say getng killed by a ballerina in a supermarket is not good or cooljesus i dont even know how they do itreverse 360 over head stuff
,Recommended,219640,16091883,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,DUSTED,"Best Hack and Slash Ever. Ever.The combat is fantastic, but the world and characters are the real stars of Chivarly: Medieval Warefare."
,Recommended,219640,23896833,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,bk,"Haven't played it much so I'm not an expert or anything, but this game is definitely good for a few hours of entertainment. If you can manage to snag it up on sale, then it's totally worth a few hours of entertainment for such a small price"
76561198100395864,Recommended,219640,26110423,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,sneakywarlord,"I played for about 2 hours with out a single kill on the bots. now that im 240 hours into the game I can kill around 4 knights as a light class (which is the hardest class) and I feel like a god, so id say 8/10."
76561197991548769,Recommended,219640,28618580,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dman,Like it.
76561198111349584,Recommended,219640,28674991,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,D3X,"This game is really what would happen if call of duty had a medieval baby that popped out in a full set of steel armour wielding a giant sword yelling, for AGATHAAAA!All in all this game is a good expierience and delivers the fast action gameplay you would want from a first person melee combat game...but as great as iot sounds there are a few drawbacks...maybe more than a few:But the worst must be the teamkillers vanguard who swing their zweihanders decapitating friend and foe alike leaving the blood and salt of their teammates on the ground.But all in all this game was a fun expierience as nothing makes you feel prouder that lopping an enemy's head off with their arms following suit.7/10"
,Recommended,219640,28938098,Posted: 2 January,all,Comrade Bigweld,"I really like this game. It is fun and challenging especially when you play against experienced. The servers are still populated and full of new players, so it is not dead yet. After you reach a higher level than 15 it can be very hard because you have to leave the low level servers and fight the ""good"" players. That is why the high level servers are not so populated as the noob servers which is sad but that is how it is. The game still has some bugs but the Devs are very active. All in all i think this is one of the best games i ever played. I would defenitly rate it a 8/10"
76561198134369676,Recommended,219640,28821870,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TheSamta farmskins.com,nice
76561198135518213,Recommended,219640,29239809,Posted: 13 January,all,SuccMyChucc,"Dueling with friends is fun for hours, but the online is frustrating. Mainly because battles between a few people almost always end in:A: Two duelers fighting, one dies and the other moves onB: Two duelers fighting, one dies and the other is ganked by a charging vanguard who just spawned inC: Two duelers fighting, ganked by 3+ players from both teams and the one guy with a DLC outfit survivesOverall: 7/10 because online is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥but if you've got friends who own the game definitely worth a buy while on sale."
,Recommended,219640,28811701,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Perry_EST19XX,free for all you said...it be fun you said...just heads everywhere...
,Recommended,219640,26092263,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Brady Wu,Two guys were fighting so I broke them up by swinging my sword and accidently performed a double decapitation.
76561198111220242,Not Recommended,219640,27516327,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ichoscker_Flux,"Yeah, no. I want my time back.Ps: Torn Banner, give me free skins, plz."
,Not Recommended,219640,29291169,Posted: 15 January,all,Beaker,Totally not worth it :/
,Recommended,219640,29836494,Posted: 10 February,all,Meme Connoisseur♿,Yes.
76561198216499941,Recommended,219640,29163437,Posted: 10 January,all,Ostromir22444488888888,"1.The official servers are laggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥my ping is ussually 25-60 but mostly around 35)2.Game is crashing so often3.Some players are starting vote kick against you withou a reason (im not a teamkiller,i have good ping,im not using bad language in chat,etc....)4.Other aspects of game are good"
,Recommended,219640,26955615,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,metalOpolis,After 4 years I still love chopping off heads and spamming rediculous taunts.  Takes 5 minutes to start having fun and forever to master.  A unique community of neckbeards and fedoras mixed with knights and annoying archers.
,Recommended,219640,29510345,Posted: 26 January,all,✪ Spartan195,Is nice because is made in unreal engine 3
,Not Recommended,219640,28917526,Posted: 1 January,all,Chillary,"This game is garbage. I played on a server with some of my friends and it is extremely laggy. I got kicked for team damage!!! TEAM DAMAGE ON A TEAM GAME. What?!?There are also only four classes. I enjoy playing ranged classes, but the archer is trash."
76561198153508886,Recommended,219640,29121586,Posted: 8 January,all,TolCormpt666,Very good
76561198042180674,Recommended,219640,4821914,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,HammerBattalion,"Brutal, fast, hilarious melee cluster-snuggle"
76561197990536089,Recommended,219640,10570044,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TheSoulReaver,yolo assured
,Recommended,219640,12962062,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Haywire,"Raging simulator 2014The game is very good and well made, the voice acting is incredible. Nothing better than being in battle with someone and screaming at them""Your sword is a little on the short side, know what im saying?""It is simply brilliant.Combat is nice, I often find myself getting killed from behind 90% of the time when battling with someone else which is a little annoying.I DO NOT think this game is worth £19. I would price this game at £10, no more. There is no campaign apart from a small tutorial at the beginning, and although it's got a great multiplayer there are F2P games that are better.I still think it's great, just not worth it's full price.10/10 - The feeling when you run at the enemy screaming ""FOR AGATHA"" and watching them turn around and run away.Would decapitate more archers."
76561198022529469,Recommended,219640,13020550,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,🐻❤️🐼,"le Archer Or Feed, 5/5 Would want more epic maps tho."
76561198124786040,Recommended,219640,13024844,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,sully9088,"Take any of the FPS shooters out there, slow it down, give everyone the same medieval weapons, add body parts being torn off, and you have Chivalry.  It's so extremely fun!  It is so satisfying killing people, and it is just as satisfying when you die.  I've been laughing all night playing this game.  I was chasing someone down after I killed his buddy, and all of a sudden a spear came out my chest.  I fell to my knees bleeding to death.  The guy I was chasing turned around, ran up to me, and chopped off my head before my dead body fell to the ground.  I sat back in my chair and laughed.  It was awesome.  Please go through the training first, and definitely practice all the techniques they teach you.  It is easy to get caught up with the run and slash mechanic, but when you face more skilled players you'll need to use dodge and kick more.  Practice is so important!!  Try it out, its only $6 this weekend.  Totally worth it!"
,Recommended,219640,12741345,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,neko,Kicked a guy in the balls and sliced his head with my ♥♥♥♥♥ knife and T-Bagged his corpse.10/10
,Recommended,219640,9790074,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,SushiBreakfast,Tis buttah' scratch10/10
76561198075904236,Recommended,219640,6809112,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Keith,"""Bloody"" Fun"
,Recommended,219640,7200246,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,KingSin,If you like the past .. and all its charmsThis game is prefects for you...because in this game you can feel the past as soldierthere are different types of weapons that were used in the pastChoose your weapon and with you Teamdefend your lands and destroy all your enemies !https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwphGoBkUOE
76561198070901130,Recommended,219640,10876052,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,CallyB,AMAZING
,Recommended,219640,29130326,Posted: 8 January,all,kiddlepoke,caw caw
76561198100680137,Recommended,219640,26306825,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sbatogi,"very cool, like game of thrones"
76561197995541398,Not Recommended,219640,29389736,Posted: 20 January,all,Arutha,If you live in Aus/Nz don't buy this game.  The servers crash constantly and it's pretty much unplayable. It wasn't always like this but torn banner have done nothing to fix the issue.Mordhau when.
,Recommended,219640,26140123,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯ MIDS,Love this game!
76561198074890690,Not Recommended,219640,29102953,Posted: 7 January,all,Bread n Butter,fun to play for a short time but not really user friendly and not gripping
76561198122614041,Recommended,219640,30043263,Posted: 19 February,all,Pwnographic,This game is worth it just for the BATTLECRYS alone ! PURCHASE ON SALE FOR AGATHAAAAA
76561198098597706,Recommended,219640,26194465,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,(D☢N) ℝIGOℝ 𝕄OℝT𝕀S,"3.89$ limb slasher,unhinged and brutal.....awesome."
,Recommended,219640,27908487,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,i committed tax fraud,Teamkilling Simulator 1465
76561198174656211,Recommended,219640,26076285,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Taotao,Very fun and addictive
,Recommended,219640,29973043,Posted: 16 February,all,Geronimo,FOR AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaa.
,Recommended,219640,28060512,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dapper Tardigrade,Quite possibly the manliest game I have ever played.  In fact I'm pretty sure you need a mustache just to run it.  Better check the minimum requirements.
,Recommended,219640,27186759,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheSnipingOwl,Very fun to play Indie Game!Love it!Good Graphics and everything!
,Recommended,219640,28398934,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,💓Francie💓,"You know just casually chop off some guys limbs off. A good game imo, and you should get it."
76561198112459509,Recommended,219640,13142737,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,AGAS01L,good good game
,Recommended,219640,28418628,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,nidaynere,"It's a good casual game. I got it for 1,50$"
76561198127591104,Not Recommended,219640,15091893,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Zaylor Zwift,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥!Only buy it to your enemies.It makes me raging everytime I want to play with it!
76561197993609386,Not Recommended,219640,16603746,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,tnxgalaxy,"Multiplayer with friends does not work well, it is a shame! most of the time it is not possible to see the game sessions created by your friends. This game is pointless without friends to play with."
76561198057238793,Recommended,219640,16098623,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Wookielover,axed and killed my team mate while he was dancing with an enemy 10/10
,Recommended,219640,14524851,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,KingInTheNorth,"Team killer, Vote to kick, yelling and obscenity filled, and don't forget about the severed limbs and shouts of pain (or constipation?) 10/10 for the laughs"
,Recommended,219640,11103751,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,alorbe,"Awesome game with a realistic combat system. I personally like this kind of games and this one isnt an exception, honestly  i wasn't expecting it to be this good when i bought it, but for once im happy to admit that i was wrong.Altough i do find that there are some aspects that could be better mainly in the glitch area, but overall this is game is lots of fun and i certainly am gonna play this whenever i feel like going back into the medieval times."
,Recommended,219640,24285119,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Larexus,"Chivalry is a game like no other. It has an amazing hardcore Medievil melee combat system that favours skill over luck and be aware of teammates swinging wildly as their is friendly fire. Its game modes are fun and have a decent variety, you have everything from your basic deathmatch modes such as team, free for all and one on one duels, but thier are also objective modes such as siege, all of them are fun and playable and action is always present. It has a small but dedicated community, and their has never been a time when I logged on and couldn't find a game. Their is a small selection of weapons for each class, some are better in certain aspects such as speed and power but all seem to have a good balance. Overall the game is a lot of fun and the melee combat is satisfying and One on One Duels are intense as hell at times. Highly recommended!Game Showcase/Gameplay-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0jB5wlO8RQ"
,Recommended,219640,23806975,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DerpyTrollGamer,Ever get that feeling that you want to put on a suit of chainmail and run around your neighborhood beheading anyone who gets in your way? No? Guess its just me. 11/10 would play again!
,Recommended,219640,23809540,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kinda Serious George,I love the spooky skeleton easter egg
76561198051840754,Not Recommended,219640,29485016,Posted: 25 January,all,Lobban Woodpaste,"I have racked up more then a few hours in this game, and I just can't recommend it anymore.Are you looking for casual fun, to blow off some steam after a day of work?Then you're looking in the wrong place. There are riddled with spinners, draggers, ballerinas, or exploiters, or so they would have been called if it weren't for the devs defending their failure by saying:- It's a game feature!No, it is not, fix your game torn banner studios, alas we know that isn't going to happen."
,Recommended,219640,28857023,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,lux,"Got it for $3.00 NZD, So can't complain. However, I dont expect to have pay for ingame items when Its not a ""Free to play""Probably not worth the full price of $30.00 NZD."
76561197997236177,Not Recommended,219640,28857726,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ChefMikeMike,"SO i bought this game during a winter sale for 3 dollars so for the least  cant complain about the price of the game but beyond that the game is just a mess.the fact the overr 2000 people are playing right now as i write this says alot i guess but in terms for my taste this game is just way too broken hit detection is a mess when you swing your weapon the camera sways so to keep an eye on your target is impossible.  i understand real medieval war was a mess as well but this is just bonkers. I found While i tried to play with skill using all the mechanincs the game had to offer I died during every confrontation with maybe 6 kills at the end of the match but once i picked the knight and the strongest weapon and ran into every encounter like a mad man swing by blade wildy i won almost everytime.There's alot of control elements that you can tell the developer really sunk time into the sword play but when put into actual gameplay it all goes out the window as once your team meets the opposing team its just a swing fest and all skill is gone the swordplay mechanics would be best suited for perhaps one on one battles not mass battles as some servers have close to 60 people at one time.Team killing is a regular occurance as as soon as your team mates see an enemy they just swing like mad in a 5v1 brawl and someone ends up kiling 2 of their team mates with one swing.The classes in my opion are a watse of time as everyone is either an archer or a knight as archers use ranged weapons and knights have the most powerful melee weapons and can take the most damage.Weopon choices are many as there are are pointless as you just pick the strongest one to avoid dying against someone with a bigger sword.Too sum it all up Chivalry plays like this-Swing too soon=DEAD-Swing too late=DEAD-rush objective only to find your by yourself=DEAD-See one guy and all your teammates come to rush as your fighting=DEAD-1v1 fight only to have your head chopped off by a guy behind you=DEADI know the videos and screenshoots look like this game is alot of fun but trust me its more frustrating then fun and your find yourslef staring at the screen everytime you die saying ""really?"" save your money even if its 3 dollars and put that towards an elderscrols game if First Person swordplay is what your looking for. And also dont buy the deadliest warrior DLC as no one plays it."
76561198082658634,Not Recommended,219640,17154835,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,FallenPentagon,FIX UR F**KING♥♥♥♥♥♥ these hit box up♥♥♥♥ing drags ruined the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game a long time ago
,Recommended,219640,17408944,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,Convinced an entire server to use only their fists for the duration of a team deathmatch and called it Fight Club.10/10 would fist again.
76561198068005532,Recommended,219640,17578264,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Solis,"This is a fun game to play if you wanna mess around with some friends in a game with brutal gore effects and cool melee fighting mechanics, archery is pretty cool too. I say play with friends because you will encounter many an ""internet tough guy"" on this games servers. Cohesive teams will have a massive advantage when playing this game, team kills are a very common occurance, working better as a team can help prevent this and prevent getting ambushed. Overall, a fun game, minus the occasional assclown you may encounter from time to time on pub servers."
76561198036261132,Recommended,219640,19690149,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Jôffton,xx2
,Recommended,219640,19830372,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,TaikaVatkain,>Install game>Install more s***>Play the game as archer>Do a ♥♥♥♥tastic headshot>Take pride from you actions>Quiver is empty>Get in to a fist fight wit a respectful foe>Punch him in the head multiple times>Head explodes>Stop and watch the corpse with teamates>Teamate kills you with a twohander>Quit the game and think about the stuff that just happened11/10 will punch in the head again
,Recommended,219640,19915835,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,El Puta Vlad,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥guys it's 2 dollars, try to say that it's not worth it."
,Recommended,219640,19918208,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Omari,I like cutting things off of bodies and screaming all the time.
,Recommended,219640,19838753,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,kaEfbaMl,"What i learnd in the game:You just got☐ Not rekt☑ Rekt☑ Really Rekt☑ Tyrannosaurus Rekt☑Cash4Rekt.com☑ Grapes of Rekt☑ Ship Rekt☑ Rekt markes the spot☑ Caught rekt handed☑ The Rekt Side Story☑ Singin' In The Rekt☑ Painting The Roses Rekt☑ Rekt Van Winkle☑ Parks and Rekt☑ Lord of the Rekts: The Reking of the King☑ Star Trekt☑ The Rekt Prince of Bel-Air☑ A Game of Rekt☑ Rektflix☑ Rekt it like it's hot☑ RektBox 360☑ The Rekt-men☑ School Of Rekt☑ I am Fire, I am Rekt☑ Rekt and Roll☑ Professor Rekt☑ Catcher in the Rekt☑ Rekt-22☑ Harry Potter: The Half-Rekt Prince☑ Great Rektspectations☑ Paper Scissors Rekt☑ RektCraft☑ Grand Rekt Auto V☑ Call of Rekt: Modern Reking 2☑ Legend Of Zelda: Ocarina of Rekt☑ Rekt It Ralph☑ Left 4 Rekt☑www.rekkit.com☑ Pokemon: Fire Rekt☑ The Shawshank Rektemption☑ The Rektfather☑ The Rekt Knight☑ Fiddler on the Rekt☑ The Rekt Files☑ The Good, the Bad, and The Rekt☑ Forrekt Gump☑ The Silence of the Rekts☑ The Green Rekt☑ Gladirekt☑ Spirekted Away☑ Terminator 2: Rektment Day☑ The Rekt Knight Rises☑ The Rekt King☑ REKT-E☑ Citizen Rekt☑ Requiem for a Rekt☑ REKT TO REKT ♥♥♥ to ♥♥♥☑ Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Rekt☑ Braverekt☑ Batrekt Begins☑ 2001: A Rekt Odyssey☑ The Wolf of Rekt Street☑ Rekt's Labyrinth☑ 12 Years a Rekt☑ Gravirekt☑ Finding Rekt☑ The Arekters☑ There Will Be Rekt☑ Christopher Rektellston☑ Hachi: A Rekt Tale☑ The Rekt Ultimatum☑ ♥♥♥♥♥♥☑ Rektal Exam☑ Rektium for a Dream☑www.Trekt.tv☑ eREKTile Dysfunction"
76561197971315330,Recommended,219640,19926530,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jonny,FOR AGATHA!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,16391181,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Husky,10/10 Pretty good game for chilling in the hot days. A lot of fun with friends and various gamestyles! Totally would bang again xD
,Recommended,219640,7801494,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Deathstrich,It is very good game and very funny
76561198045182217,Recommended,219640,11112679,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Scythian Rider,"pretty awesome game, like a medieval call of duty but less crappy."
,Recommended,219640,13587202,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Maul PL,"NOTE: If you expect a hack and slash where you only click faster than your enemy - get out of here.That only leads to teamkills and your death in disgrace.This game is brilliant. You do not have to read all the rest.Great medevial atmosphere. Savage knights battling each other in free for all battles or objective team battles and team deathmatches. Assaults, battles, limbs flying around, killing peasants, more battles, sieges, throwing things and village burning.  All the things medevial game should have. Rapes not included *sigh*.""What objectives?"", thou shall ask. Here they are:Burn (library, village)Destroy (slash till it collapse, use ram or any sort of thing throwing machines including cannons)Kill (peasants, wise men, king)Four classes.Archers - we all know and hate them. And they know crossbows.Footmen - light infantry.Front guards - medium infantry with pikes.Knights - shiny guys in shiny armours with shiny shields and shiny shwordsh. Heavy infantry.-No horses.Battling system couldn't be any simplier and any better. If you want a simple hack and slash - back off. You will kill your teammates and die. People who hack and slash aren't welcome here. Aiming your hits, cuts, swings, kicks and blocks in tight battle full of blood, screams and arrows flying around is the thing here. Combo or die.Siege is another thing medevial fans gonna love. Game gives you opportunity to use rams, trebuchets, ballistas, boiling oil and some other stuff to talk with your nasty neigbours.No problem with starting. Training camp offers good lesson and a firm knowledge about the game. All the rest depends on you.Joining huge full server with people who know how to fight is a dream for any medevial fan."
,Recommended,219640,8535853,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SuicideSilas,Yeah!!! It's ♥♥♥♥ing cool game!
,Recommended,219640,13443640,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Summe®,yea I guess it's good but the book was better
,Recommended,219640,13021194,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,God Duck,TEAMKILLING SIMULATOR = ONE OF THE BEST MEDIEVAL GAME EVER MADE
,Not Recommended,219640,15013389,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Haeme,End my suffering
76561198038751685,Recommended,219640,16098199,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Ebolio,♥♥♥♥in' great
76561198133046315,Recommended,219640,10949931,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Invincible_83,chivalry medieval warfare is a intense and exciting game that requires you to think on your feet. It was so fun that i am going to get the deadliest warrior.
,Not Recommended,219640,17473419,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Icicle,Rage Game
76561197991451907,Recommended,219640,14890869,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,CookieWookie,"Pretty good game, love all the types of decapitations."
,Recommended,219640,10140683,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,DugoNinja,its a really fun game
76561198060862177,Recommended,219640,16633044,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Infested Marine,"A great game.  Put 80 some hours into it until latency issues on my end.  Very fast paced combat and skill oriented, the classes are very balanced as there are no real advantages other than the raw skill of each player.  Recently they added armor customization and helmet customization, which allows you to change the color of your armour.And not to forget the cheesy dialougue taunts in-game."
76561198087818431,Recommended,219640,13060720,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Napoelon Bonaparte,omg........ i waited for the sale and i missed it by 2 minutes
,Recommended,219640,28497342,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Leather Booty,"This game isn't as bad as some people say, i'm playing on a decent laptop with good internet, and i hardly run into any issues of lag or cheaters. it's good fun."
,Recommended,219640,6729167,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Brippleton,This game is a blast in many forms!  While there is quite a learning curve to hurdle (it took me a while to master balancing blocking with attacking) the game feels so rewarding when you pull a clutch move off!  Worth the money in my books!
,Recommended,219640,26817207,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Varpusparvi,It's great.
,Recommended,219640,26831020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aquila Iovis,"If you play this game accompanied with the ""Warmod"" from the Steam Workshop, you'll have a great and astonishingly realistic time duelling your dearest friends, or shall I rather elaborate that they're in this case your worst foes?"
76561198169944931,Recommended,219640,28733988,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,VikoIzBeast,"Great game, lots of fun. Love slashing enemies. Very immersive, i feel like im really on the battle field. Wish the devs add more stuff regarding the pillaging villages, I wish we had more options... (also the peasants all look the same). Maybe some charecter customization would be cool. Anyways the community is great, and i love the barbarism in the game, feels like Game of thrones. Its bonerifique, no joke!"
,Recommended,219640,27152994,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,can i have a canca pls,doing this for a steam badge
,Recommended,219640,19486225,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Emperor Zurg,"A fairly unique experience, Chivalry: Medieval Warrior's hilariously fun first person sword combat is the bedrock on which the rest of the mutiplayer-only game is centered. Easy to pick up but hard to master, the sword play is perfectly balanced to allow experienced players to have the advantage over less experienced players while still remaining approachable for first timers. Four classes, ranging from the agile archer to the tanky knight, and a variety of weapons make for a wide range of player choice in terms of play style. The warrior customization, while not quite as nice overall as some games like the Forza Motorsport series, is a nice addition, allowing for experienced players to make their warrior their own. Chivalry is a game easily worth its price."
76561198061358979,Recommended,219640,25407436,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,buying alpha key 200k,Is pretty gud
,Recommended,219640,20340536,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Deng Xiaoping,THIS IS A MULTIPLAYER GAME I DON'T SUCK AT
,Recommended,219640,23075126,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,bigger212ミ☆,Fun. But dont expect much competivity.
76561198077651557,Not Recommended,219640,19467903,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,thespartan1994,"great gam, but crash and the gameplay feel slow with even 60fps"
,Recommended,219640,10421600,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Definitely Not Pepe,Could be awesome if it was a little more simplified...for begginers it's god forsaken hell to learn to play...yet there's one awesome thing...FIST FIGHTS!!! 7/10 recommend if youre a fast learner.
,Recommended,219640,11310214,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Boi,Amazing game. With practice you will love it.
,Recommended,219640,17711796,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,DL_Allonsy,"So much death, so many murders, no mercy... It's great!"
,Recommended,219640,17278629,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SCE_BrioCyrain,Game is so ridiculously fun that I don't even care about my K/D ratio
,Recommended,219640,9506886,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Hawkeye Drake,"Lit myself on fire, then charged at enemy archers, hacking their limbs off as we all burn and scream.11/10 would burn again."
,Not Recommended,219640,15647907,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Artorius Maximus,"Patch 37 for Medieval Warfare is where I lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥with this game, it literally jumped the shark.  I sunk a LOT of hours into this game, I think the concept is great and there are not nearly enough melee based combat games like this out there.  It's really the reason I spent so much time on this buggy mess of a game in the first place, there's simply a lack of other options with a similar play style available.Torn Banner is a garbage studio.  This game is built on the Unreal engine which is well tested, reliable, and ubiquitous, yet they still managed to make the buggiest game I possess in my library of nearly 300 games on Steam, many of which are built on the same exact engine.  I have had problems with a long-standing bug ever since I started playing this game, I essentially cannot alt+tab out of my game in fullscreen or it will reliably crash my entire computer.  I have a number of other less serious but equally annoying bugs I've had to learn to just deal with in order to play this game.Chivalry is also THE game single most affected by network latency I have ever played, and that's including my recollection of playing Tribes and Mechwarrior over dialup back in the day.  If your ping is over 200ms you may as well just quit, forget about trying to utilize any of your bandwidth for anything else while playing this unless you want to hurt your game.I bought the Deadliest Warrior expansion as soon as it came out, it's a great addition to a great concept and had some really good new ideas in it.  Too bad Torn Banner essentially abandoned it shortly after.  Sure it has some balance issues by its very nature but instead of addressing them, Torn Banner basically ditched the entire game.  There hasn't been a real update to this game in over a year.Not like Torn Banner has been putting that effort into fixing Medieval Warfare either.  Instead of addressing major and obvious bugs of any kind, the last several updates have all been about adding PLAYER DEVELOPED cosmetic content.  They then want to charge you more money to unlock and use any of this content in game, even though they didn't really do anything useful themselves.  They are exploiting their community for additional profit while addressing none of the long-standing and obvious problems that exist in their game.  You suck, Torn Banner.Still fun chopping people's limbs off though.EDIT: I recently installed a second video card and Chivalry is unplayable on any graphics setting with Crossfire enabled!  It actually dropped in FPS and there is an intermittent loss of frames that causes a stutter every few seconds, destroying any sort of attempt at accurate swing timing or blocking.  I have to disable half my GPU power to even play this game anymore.  Further testament to how lousy the Torn Banner devs are.  I no longer recommend this game, you are wasting your money giving it to Torn Banner."
76561198008346316,Recommended,219640,22197284,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Novacry,Everytime I start this game I have the urge to browse medieval memes on the internet.
76561198063049662,Recommended,219640,22229775,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jo Smoov,Tooo Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
76561198055356391,Recommended,219640,22229229,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,thewizardchrist,It is a game.
76561198043220427,Recommended,219640,22344525,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Magnificus Hilarious Turdus,"It's a great game for people with patience, who are willing to die and go through thorough training sessions to learn how to manipulate the game's peculiar and various playstyles. For those who simply can't bear to put such effort into becoming good at it, or just don't like it's whacky mechanics, I definitely do not recommend it, as you will suffer various short term mental health issues, such as blinding rage and crippling depression."
76561198068412201,Not Recommended,219640,24168119,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Slightly Edible,"You know, it's easy to forgive a dev when a game has game breaking oversights when it firsts launch. A few years later, when the devs haven't patched the game breaking issues with this game, it's a bit more difficult to forgive. They still haven't patched the issues where players abuse the glitchy animations to pull of completely unrealistic, unreadable moves."
,Recommended,219640,10926058,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,slightly_insane,"A very fun game, although it is heavily based on the timing of attacks and blocks. I would recommend this to others, although I personally find versing other people really difficult."
,Recommended,219640,16729207,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,k o t l  o f  t h e  l i g h t,"began to scream ""FOR AAAAAGHATAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"" after 2h10/10"
76561198164429471,Recommended,219640,17921581,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,EMI-FALCON,GG
76561198047677167,Recommended,219640,17919647,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Yung Fart Sucker™  | Gamdom.co,Great game lots of strategy involved....unless you use a claymore haha.
76561198044116599,Recommended,219640,17924271,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,xStaRzz,10/10 would recommend.if you cant afford this game try team fortress 2 medieval mode on de_grootkeep
76561198066697191,Recommended,219640,17921109,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Motoboy Exausto,pretty gewd
76561198196621930,Recommended,219640,17921480,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,spicybubble43,its good need i say more
76561197970444834,Recommended,219640,17922173,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Goat Necromancer,"A mans deeds in war are most foul. After I saw Sir Reginald's head crushed like a water melon, I vomited into my pothelm for a fortnight.Once I gained the fortitude to enter the fray on the field again, I took a Balista bolt to the face, Then some cruel god unmade my death and placed me on the field again and again to die in horrid ways.10/10 Would die horribly again...post haste."
,Recommended,219640,27592786,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CiNnaKocH,Long live Agatha.
76561198073025804,Recommended,219640,14663032,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Fluffy,10/10Would chop head again
,Recommended,219640,33153873,Posted: 2 July,all,AKIRA,GOOD GAME IF YOU LOVE WEDIEVAL WAR
76561198092066499,Recommended,219640,33154053,Posted: 2 July,all,RoyaleWithCheese,Very cool game. Totally worth
,Recommended,219640,5973423,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Zort,Extremely fun multiplayer medieval madness
,Recommended,219640,10463707,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Garenator,"Bug filled mess at times, but a very fun bug filled mess.Really fun sword fighting with very high skill ceiling. Only cosmetic DLC that doesn't affect gameplay at all. Awesome gore, there's some great mods too.11/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,219640,26183684,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,zmalqp,"unique battle system, very amusing. Need more server for asian region though"
76561198145289340,Recommended,219640,19391075,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Steve1122,lol on sale and its a great game
,Not Recommended,219640,18716154,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,General Error,"Lags heavily under OS X to a point where the game is not playable, even on minimum settings. While under Windows it works without a hitch on the same hardware."
,Recommended,219640,27568802,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Murska,Ever wanted to block a zweihander with a thrusting dagger? Now you can!
,Recommended,219640,8147664,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,noah,I sure do.
,Recommended,219640,16388153,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hidude,"I just bought this game at the time it was on sale, and it's been one of the best $2.49 I've spent. I was completely shocked when I saw all the negative comments, this game is great. Buggy sometimes, but the combat is mostly smooth and easy to learn, and requires just the right amount of skill. I'd still recommend this game at full price."
,Recommended,219640,8666519,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mister Meth,"last enemy player challenged me to fisticuffs, he cut me in half with a waraxe 10/10 ♥♥♥♥ing love it"
,Recommended,219640,23774461,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jewk,gucc
,Recommended,219640,23932724,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,kijang91,good
,Recommended,219640,3659040,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,sean,I just stabbed a dude in the face with a sword
,Recommended,219640,2985736,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,cpt.spudz,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a cheeky little indie class-based melee fest. The combat is based on the timing of your attacks and blocks, movement and reading your opponents. Though seemingly improbable, the act of grabbing your preferred tool of death-dealing (which aren’t a grind to unlock) and charging straight into the fray screaming obscenities and laughing manically in quaint British accents whenever you play croquet with someone’s head is largely amusing. It really does grow on you."
76561198011763377,Recommended,219640,12575976,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Pyramid Head,It's not a bad game...........
,Recommended,219640,3800471,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Fruit of the Doom,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198063520280,Not Recommended,219640,28887499,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,balvan,Totally odd game. Lag is very present and the game is not respondig to my commands very well. 5/10.
76561198101892732,Recommended,219640,18445959,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,platiudn,"Amazing combat engine, incredible graphics that a good PC is needed to access, just an overall great medieval combat game."
,Recommended,219640,1463690,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,SirusTheMadDJ,"It's lying. There's no Chivalry to be found here. Well, unless you call giving a dirty peasant a Maul makeover the height of good manners I guess.Brillantly good fun, especually with decent players. And the FFA mode is crazy.Plus you can tell people that their malformed skull isn't worthy to be your pispot. XD"
,Recommended,219640,11068838,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Activist,In this review i m going to tell u the game of my dreams the game called Chivalry Medieval Warfare.This game is basiclly the best first person medieval based melee and massively multiplayer game for me i ve played many of em but this one is diffrent and really much more better why why is because of that:-Simple and great combat system.-Crazy Mods such as team objective.-Fine Graphics.-An amazing DLC exactly it s not a dlc it s something like another game it s like an whole game.-Good weapons (Some of em aree over powered :D)-And good maps.But deadliest warrior is way better than main game for me.
,Not Recommended,219640,1842746,"Posted: 5 December, 2012",all,の,"Pretty bad game; has very little balancing, and what is there is terribly done. The animations seem arbitrary and will actually hit you before the animation itself reaches you on several occasions. The community is dreadful, and you can hardly find a game that isn't full of team killers. The fact that you can block a warhammer with a dagger is beyond stupid. It is usually who can stack their team with the most knights wins. 3/10, would not play again, and sure as hell not waste $30 on it. Warband is a lot cheaper, with a hell of a lot better mechanics. Funny thing, it is several years old. Buy that instead of this garbage."
,Recommended,219640,1659765,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,Hydrosung,FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHUHUHAUHAUHUHEHUHAUHAUAHUHAHA. muahahah
,Recommended,219640,26328108,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,EgN| Lunk,"hekka fun, looks nice, ez to run. FUN AS FK."
76561198116331472,Not Recommended,219640,15388396,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,cloudy_and_chino,"Very buggy on mac at least, the sound doesn't work propperly and has a constant hiss, and incredibly low fps spikes which ruins gameplay, close to unplayable."
76561198096225182,Not Recommended,219640,18388894,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Mogunieoshue,Lets put friendly fire into a game where everyone moshpits with giant swords.Blocking is non existant except for everyone else you swing at.Ranged is f*cking laughably useless.Environmental collision is horrendous.Somehow played over 2 hours already so I cant petition a refund.Well played chivalry.
,Recommended,219640,26407087,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Big Knife,♥♥♥♥ OFF!!NOOOOOOOOO!!11!♥♥♥♥ YOOOOUUUU1!!!!1!OHMY♥♥♥♥INGGOD!!!111!AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!1!!10/10. Must have game for every pc gamer.
76561198202179444,Recommended,219640,18117700,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Definitely Jarge,When you start the game you will die o you will die A LOT but with practice it can be mastered so A. Get it B. BE PATIENT AND YOU WILL SUCEED !P.S. this may have been my first review(not sure actually) so please if it was helpful gimme teh lurv!
,Recommended,219640,26208994,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Haruna,I like dueling people
,Recommended,219640,11623612,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Shiny and Chrome,"Sniper is less OP than in dota, 10/10"
76561198057719469,Not Recommended,219640,27064636,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Miguel the Sexy Nurse,"Was cool, now not so much."
,Not Recommended,219640,27208637,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dr_skull_64,i got this game on sale for 2$ lv1 to lv10 was fun but the second you turn lv11 every player you see will be spinning around like helicopters basically breaking the game
,Not Recommended,219640,26986393,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fr1ght3n 💩,Fun But Toxic Community.
,Not Recommended,219640,27022445,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,UndeadOrb,"literally the worst cod tier♥♥♥♥♥♥i've ever seenbroken, unfun and casual"
,Not Recommended,219640,27080246,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,非常辣椒 (VeryHotPepperSeed),"♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay, lack of content and lack of realism."
,Not Recommended,219640,27175381,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GOD DAMNED BASTARDOUS CHILD,WHY DOES MAN-WITH-ARMS HAVE PRACTICALLY NO HEALTH!?
76561198056744465,Not Recommended,219640,28737632,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SAD_BOI_˙ ͜ʟ˙,"this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I N G P E R F E C T beside the fact that half the people you fight against online will be using exploits as their ""pro-tactics"" and any customization at all besides colors and taking off you helmet costs about two dollars a peice. i would give it a thumbs up if the devs would fix the massive amount of exploit spammers."
,Recommended,219640,20866282,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ＥＣＬＵＮ,unh
,Recommended,219640,5277412,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,Cured Depression :D,"""I have the higher ground Anakin!"""
76561198037711735,Recommended,219640,30602876,Posted: 18 March,all,Bashka_IF,"Absolutely addictive game, worth every cent.ofc you need to have ping >=100 to play,this game is ""easy to start and hard to master"""
,Recommended,219640,23028389,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Charlie Kelly,Trash
,Recommended,219640,16376612,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SirBowtie,Games with interesting swordfighting mechanics always win me over.
76561198047846911,Recommended,219640,14287444,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mr.Teej99,Great game to take out your anger
,Recommended,219640,14137753,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,[BT]MadCauseBad,my♥♥♥♥♥♥bleeds hard after playing this.
,Recommended,219640,11095477,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Luke,"Hella fun, especially with a buzz. Highly recomended, addictive."
76561198192872979,Recommended,219640,30040630,Posted: 19 February,all,Abiogenesis,"Great game, awesome with friends! I don't understand how come this game isn't more popular, probably one of my favorites!"
,Recommended,219640,13775970,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Saint Pepsi,If you want to shout AGAAAAAATHAAAAAA in medevil times and have most of your deaths be teamkills than Chivalry is for you.
,Recommended,219640,33844368,Posted: 27 July,all,gamobe,bom jogo bala na cara
76561198062274594,Not Recommended,219640,20560127,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,oi bang us a slice,"Terrible gameplay mechanics, 40% of players just stand next to you waiting for you to attack, so they can just block it and stun you so they can kill you. Another 20% hold shields and just exhaust your stamina then swing their weapon. Another 20% of players steal kills (FFA) and the remaining 20% kill you in the back. Don't recommend this. I'd love to have Dementia to forget this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,8528934,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Heron,YES
76561198177071093,Recommended,219640,18492879,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Luigi,wer3qsegdesgghds
76561197971018476,Recommended,219640,11980815,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,TheJackofAss,"This game is god damned amazing, best mele combat system out of any game I've ever played. Far surpasses Pirates Vikings & Knights9/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,11646476,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,pusman,This game is completely broken. Can we just have a good medieval fighting game?
76561198034675008,Not Recommended,219640,11652219,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Nemecis,An epic scenery with lot off potential but the worst response in a multiplayer game EVER. KEEP AWAY UNTIL FIXED
76561198065201827,Not Recommended,219640,26091342,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,GedenGertha,FIX YOUR FICKING HITBOXES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197971306211,Not Recommended,219640,27977320,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MacG,"I have sunk over 300 hours into this game, I was one of the lucky few that started playing right in the beginning when the ballet maneuvers weren't a thing yet. watching 2 really good players battle it out used to be absolutely thrilling.Then the dragging and twirling players came out of nowhere and absolutely ruined a once beautiful game.In a few months everyone was twirling and dragging and the game went from an absolutely gorgeous game to one of the most frustrating games I've ever played in my life. Ballet has no place in PC games."
,Not Recommended,219640,28019783,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Inscrutable Fufy,It's impossible to play unless you have a friend. ♥♥♥♥ing garbage community and gameplay.
76561198103588349,Not Recommended,219640,27816090,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MightyMushroom,matchmaking is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198135335112,Not Recommended,219640,30441949,Posted: 11 March,all,MR.pigeon,give me back my levels
76561198107119622,Not Recommended,219640,30460630,Posted: 11 March,all,kyazz,Outdated throw it out before it stinks.
,Not Recommended,219640,30523159,Posted: 15 March,all,M0V,i never again won't buy a game from this studio
76561198180279477,Recommended,219640,29945931,Posted: 15 February,all,zoroman121,This is probably the best and most advanced mmo first person hack and slash. The community within servers can be great and the gameplay and graphics are top notch. All this needs is a counter-part thats VR.
,Recommended,219640,29418905,Posted: 22 January,all,[FG] Night)O(Wolf,"Excellent game, no complaints. Runs super smooth, though the ballista and catapults could use a little more realism."
76561198271916399,Not Recommended,219640,20233475,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Lil Uzi Vert,MEHHHH CSGO is better
76561198074190138,Recommended,219640,6752412,"Posted: 27 February, 2013",all,Underman,"The game tries to be a first person medival war game, and it does a damn good job at it.Great game!"
76561198059743522,Not Recommended,219640,18555067,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,✪NerdZ™,Runs like crap.
76561197999045600,Recommended,219640,1866058,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,totalgarbage,"Most fun FPS PvP game I've played in a long time.  It's not free from bugs or balancing issues, but the combat is much deeper than I thought.  It's also ridiculously gory and it's very fun to demoralize your victims by chopping them up afterward.I'm not a hardcore player by any means, but even though I die alot it doesn't frustrate me like it does with other FPS games."
,Recommended,219640,13476036,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Cloudy With A Chance of Pain,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare wasn't quite what I expected. I was hoping (and praying) for a first-person medieval warfare game with a story, but this game is just arena fights. Its mechanics are pretty good, but the combat is a little difficult to master. Despite that, it still is a good game, and probably the first game I've ever seen where you are an individual soldier in a medieval-style war."
76561198094473451,Recommended,219640,33950098,Posted: 1 August,all,MadHeadroom,Marvelous.
76561198007391543,Not Recommended,219640,20532334,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,TooTall,"Cheating is out of control, devs not doing anything to correct it.  Don't waste your time as cool as it looks, the game is broken."
,Recommended,219640,13667003,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The Bionic Onion,Left Mouse Button to Team Kill: PC Edition
,Recommended,219640,28111886,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,CIVIX - Rook,"It's fine, a fun game to play with friends from time to time.If only I had friends..."
76561197962830096,Recommended,219640,13482494,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Felix Perditus Vagus,RRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHEGHEGHEGEHEGEEGH!
76561198054341987,Recommended,219640,5700998,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Schmappy,if i was good at this game i would reccomend it .. but i suck .. so ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,219640,11509540,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,BearHoldingAshark,"This is a game that everyone should play. It causes an immense amount of frustration, but it is so satisfying when you start doing well. Not to mention that you can completely hack apart your enemy's lifeless body once they have been defeated.Also you can punch a guy in the face until his head explodes. 11/10"
76561198166034719,Not Recommended,219640,18286341,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Nordrhein,"This game is generally garbage. The mechanics are horrible and the player base is filled with either generally immature people or people who overly exploit the same OP mechanics over and over again, such as dragging (which makes blocking effectively useless), jump stabbing, and all sorts of other stuff. Weapons are horribly unbalanced, as are most of the classes. What's worse, the people who do this stuff then proceed to whine and complain when you feint, or cancel an attack, which is an actual mechanic of game play. It should have been a fair warning that this game has no competitive scene, it's community only. It's pretty pathetic that something like Mount and Blade is far and above better than this in terms of gameplay and mechanics."
,Recommended,219640,17865816,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,R۞o۞c۞k۞o۞D۞S۞S,You like to slash people in the face with a sword?  Dismember bodies? Yell at the ennemy while running towards them? Well this is your game!
76561198133568186,Recommended,219640,13168900,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lightskin_lavish_,FUNIEST GAME EVER!!!! MULTIPLAYER IS EPIC..... EVERYTHING IS EPIC!!! I LOVE THIS GAME..... U SHOULD GET IT
,Recommended,219640,21330535,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Dovahkriid,A game that allows you to run around and scream like an idiot in Medieval times... Defiantly recommend!!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,17976936,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,FutureSJ,"♥♥♥♥♥est game I've ever played. Where reaction time has to be inhuman to read such feints and combinations. Not to mention the game is broken beyond doubt, Insta hits, reverses etc. The game is a load of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥and regret ever spending as much time as I have on it."
,Recommended,219640,28675001,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Leanrug,"The perfect medieval warfare simulator.It encapsulates the brutal warfare and the skill needed to not only fight in the medieval era but also the skill needed to survive. The classed are well-balanced and the weapons are great, although I think I speak for the entire community when I say that we want fade skins for our swods and spears, and the community is friendly and active, although not helpful, and there are always servers and you do not have to wait very long for a game and there is very little lag on any of the servers.The Deadliest warrior DLC also adds a great new range of classes with their own strenghts and drawbacks.I would say that this game is worth getting and even the DLC can add a lot of time to your playtime. It is extremely fun to run around with your friends and wreak havoc with siege engines and the combat is well balanced.7.5/10-Stefan"
,Recommended,219640,16966138,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,swag.god2002,you murderize people in incredibly violent fashions while they're screaming and choking on their bloodpretty good game for relaxing.
76561198097935384,Recommended,219640,28342800,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Daedalic,GG
,Not Recommended,219640,26761170,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Agent Tasmania,Competetive ping test.
76561198069742838,Not Recommended,219640,26763725,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YouGotTowned,i didnt like it
76561198068214136,Recommended,219640,16121912,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,asmcint,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. Oh, what can I say about it that hasn't been said before? Probably not a damn thing, so I'm not going to try, I'm just going to put things in my own words and ♥♥♥♥ trying to differentiate myself.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a game that can best be described as a first-person gratuitous medieval murder simulator(fpgmms). There is a third-person mode available, but hardly anyone ever uses it, and with good reason. But, I digress. You're pretty much a member of one of two armies locked ina nation-wide♥♥♥♥♥♥measuring contesta war to determine the fate of the nation and who will be king, and there's really not much more to the story than that, which is good as this game is primarily multiplayer. You furthermore have four classes you can choose from, which I shall attempt to describe below.-KnightThe preferred class of many a new player, knights are heavily armored warriors with high damage weapons, often accompanied by large shields. Knights are extremely versatile warriors, able to wield a myriad of weapons of varying sorts. They can wield large swords in one hand or two, often using a shield in the former case. Their primary weapons are often long-reaching, high damaging, but extremely slow. This is made up for with their secondary weapons, many of which are primary weapons in the Man at Arms' arsenal. A knight's secondary weapons are generally fast, but with relatively low damage and poor reach. A knight's secondary weapons are also exclusively one-handed, and as such are usually paired with a shield. For tertiary weapons knights have a few options. They have three types of shields, two of which are fairly large and one of which is smaller and can only be used with flails. These shields can be used or left on the back. Leaving a shield on the back provides passive protection from arrows, bolts, stones, and javelins fired at the back. Knights also have access to throwing axes, giving them a degree of ranged capability, though not much.In short the knight is an extremely tanky, but often slow class good for beginners to use to get a feel for the game's mechanics.-VanguardMasters of crowd control, vanguards are warriors clad in mail, wielding various sorts of spears, polearms, and greatswords. With extremely long reach and high damage, vanguards can sweep across multiple enemies with their swings, and are equally good in single combat. Vanguards are furthermore able to produce an extremely damaging lunge attack after sprinting for a certain period, though this attack is fairly easy to predict and avoid. On top of their normal weapons, vanguards have a secondary loadout much like that of the knight, and their tertiary weapons are smoke bombs, throwing knives, and throwing axes.Overall the vanguard class is a jack of all trades on the battlefield, and are definitely an important part of any team. It should be noted, however, that you may want to stand back from a friendly vanguard in combat, as the less considerate players may wind up hitting you with slashes meant for the enemy.-Man At ArmsFast and agile, men at arms are lightly armored soldiers with one-handed weapons, often bearing smaller shields. The man at arms is most notable for the ability to do a sort of dashing dodge, allowing them to move out of the way of certain attacks, and also position themselves away from an enemy's guard. However they are not especially durable, and only archers are weaker in that regard. Their primary weapons consist of a variety of one-handed swords, axes, and maces, as well as a quarterstaff(the man at arms' only two-handed weapon). For secondary weapons, a man at arms can use a couple of even faster swords, some daggers, and a cudgel. Their tertiary weapons are two smaller shields, throwing knives, and oil pots(essentially incendiary grenades).Overall the man at arms is an extremely fast, but vulnerable class that takes some time and study to master.-ArcherUsing bows, crossbows, slings, or javelins/throwing spears coupled with bucklers, the archer is an extraordinarily flimsy class designed less for melee combat and more for raining death from a distance. Though the archer can survive melee engagements, the best philosophy for them is to not let the enemy get that close. When using throwing spears, the buckler can increase survivability somewhat, however you still don't want to take a hit from the heavier classes, especially to the head. For secondary weapons the archer has access to the same extremely fast shortswords and such as the man at arms. Their tertiary arsenal is unique in that it always serves as an enhancement to the selected primary. For bows you can choose between broadhead or bodkin arrows. Broadheads do best against other archers and men at arms, and bodkins do better against knights and vanguards. For crossbows you get either a pavise shield or extra ammo. The pavise shield can be carried on the back and later placed to give the crossbow archer cover, and later be picked back up and re-used. As for extra ammo... You can carry more bolts. That's it. For slings you have access to stones and lead balls. Stones are extremely weak, but fire quickly and you have unlimited ammo with them. Lead balls are limited and slower to fire, but do more damage. Finally, with any sort of throwing spear you automatically get the buckler as your tertiary weapon. This greatly increases the melee capability of the archer, however it still does not compare to any of the pure melee classes.Archers are extremely flimsy, but their ranged effectiveness is unparalleled and they are extremely valuable to any team.With this information given, I suppose I should actually supply some sort of review. The game's mechanics are solid, and the combat is unbelievably fun. I really have no complaints about the game beyond very rare toxic elements in the community. Overall the recent free weekend has definitely made me want to buy the game after I finish upgrading my PC. Despite my lack of complaints however, I would wait until a sale to buy it. The game is great, but there's not enough content to justify $25."
,Recommended,219640,28129000,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,cemcmd,"I love it so far, can get hard with good people though."
76561198079433466,Recommended,219640,29753611,Posted: 6 February,all,YoungNuggy,Wear the appropriate amount of baby powder.
,Recommended,219640,546805,"Posted: 11 January, 2013",all,Jamma,For The ORDER!
,Recommended,219640,5577681,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Xilliva,YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRHGHGHGHGHGGHGHGHGHGGH!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,11767061,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Amanda Love,"This game's amazing combat experience keeps you on your toes as you face realtime combat situations! The variety in weaponry and tactics makes this a great experience for gamers of all genres! The controls take some getting used to, but id reccomend this game for anyone to buy! It provides alot of elite gaming experience, and will really give you a thrill! Be warned though, this game is difficult and is not for those with little gaming experience, or the impatient."
,Not Recommended,219640,11067598,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,shilliam,GAME TURNS INTO SHET AFTER RANK 150/10
,Recommended,219640,7566811,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Nao,"What an excellent concepteveryone ruins it.Like most multiplayer games that pave the way for new fun and excitement, most people are ♥♥♥♥♥ on it. You'll see constant glitching and game abuse to get ahead, and even though the pictures and videos show people charging into battle fearlessly you'll mostly be dealing with people who hang back and wait until they've outnumbered you before charging in with three other folks. Now yeah that's teamwork, but then you get teams that you're put on who think this is an excellent tactic, it does work! Not on offense! But they don't care.It's glitchy, some games are fun, you can rarely find good people in the pretty bad community and have some fun with that. The dev team are kiiiinda lazy too. So unless you have two or three other friends who you have communication with, you won't have fun. Solo knights of badassery are quickly outnumbered by the entireity of the enemy team (and sometimes your own! Always-on friendly fire yay!) and swept away by the archers, which the devs have still not fixed their 100% accuracy with all weapons, as in it's always going to go in a straight line. But hey! Everything but crossbows have drop!-Carnivore (All credit to a person who understands this horrid game.)"
,Not Recommended,219640,28555331,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Allen,"Do you know anybody that can look down at the ground and cut your head off at the same time?  Welcome to Chivalry, now you can do just that!  Welcome to the game where there's only two rank tiers.  Beginners can play together at ranks 1-15, but after that, you're pretty much ♥♥♥♥ed because there's only one more tier after that.  Rank 16 and beyond fight in the same servers.  Yeah, that's what I said.  No, there's no 16-30.  No, there's no 31-50.  No no no, don't even ask!  This is one of those games where the original players play everyday all the time and everybody else stands absolutely no chance because these veterans have now learned how to exploit the mechanics of the game.  Like I said in my very first sentence, these people look straight down and swing their swords (at you?).  What do you mean you can't block that crap?  All you have to do is sink through the gound like any normal hacker then look up towards the attacker and block him!  Come on, any hacker can do that!  Yeah so you might think, ""Well if he's going to look down at the ground and swing his sword so that it can't be blocked, then I'm going to do the same thing!""  Well, sorry, but if I need to exploit a game's faulty mechanics to win, I won't play it.  So yeah, basically you pay to have fun during your first 1-15 ranks, then after that, you're just a moving target, or a non-moving target.  Whatever, it doen't matter because you are ♥♥♥♥ed.Fortunately, for people who like Star Wars and lightsaber combat, there is a free mod (all mods are free) called Laser Sword.  It seems like people who play that mod don't exploit the game mechanics.  I don't really know why.  Maybe because some people buy this game only to play that mod so they are new and don't know the dirty tricks that the veterans know.  So I hear the game is only 2 dollars now.  Hmm, gee, I wonder why.  Go ahead and get the game for your 2 dollars if you like lightsaber combat.  If not, please do yourself a favor and stay away from this toxic community they call a game.  Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,219640,19299909,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,A Warm Glass of Nut 2,its fun with a friend or two but if u play solo its fun for like an hour a day
,Recommended,219640,23842395,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Alucard,"I do recommend this, but only by a slight margin. This game is multiplayer only, and it's all about PvP combat. However, even if that's what you're into, you may not want this game in particular. There are a lot of...interesting/unrealistic techniques that people past Rank 15 use to win. For example, the backwards overhead:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHu7WlXnj9wIt looks dumb, and it honestly is dumb. It should be removed from the game, yet it still hasn't been. Then there are other dumb things people do like swinging their weapons 360 degrees. When people do it, it also looks dumb and is dumb, and should be taken out.It should be mentioned then when you use the feint (act like you're going to attack then cancel), which is an actual realistic combat technique, people get really upset with you. That's right, people get mad at you for using a legitimate mechanic, but it's A-okay if you use some convoluted dorky technique. Overall, I'd say the community is slightly better than the TF2 community, but there's still plenty of cancer. One guy got upset at me for saying that Oblivion had better combat than Skyrim, and hurled insults over it. Also, if you like being an archer, prepare to be picked on. There are jerks in the community who will kill archers and only archers, not to mention verbally abuse anyone who happens to be an archer (especially a skilled one).Despite all this, it's still fun to play. Think of it as Monty Python: The Game, and you'll enjoy it. The gore is goofy (you can punch a guy's head till it explodes), the battle cries can be funny, and it's really just silly action. If you're looking for a realistic medieval combat game, this isn't it. However, it's still a good game. I got it on sale, and I suggest you do too."
,Recommended,219640,16697172,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Tala,Being cutted from the neck while cutting dead people's neck.10/10
,Recommended,219640,13690780,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,D. Henrique,"Although it has it's issues, my main complaint being that the Vanguard feels overpowered both when I play as one or against one, and it is a challenging game with a steep difficulty curvy but also feels very rewarding, specially with it gore and death animations, which are very well executed and did I mention you can cut people in little pieces with your swords? It's really fun and I love it. If you're not sure wether to buy it or not, I suggest giving Age Of Chivarly a try, which was it's predecessor and it's free. If you do like it then I wholeheartedly reccomend."
,Recommended,219640,13738017,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,vs commodore,Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither! Come Hither!
,Not Recommended,219640,29524736,Posted: 27 January,all,coolguy2,"Great game until you reach level 16, then you have to fight guys who glitch and break the game.There's some nice mods for the game but there's no one to play with. The community is so small and largely made up of people who are using animation glitches, making it hard (I believe impossible) to block their strikes. You don't want to play with those guys.Other than that, if you want to play a game for a while and don't care about its longevity: buy this and play on the beginner servers since they have level caps. There you can avoid the cheaters. But once you become level 16, as I've said, you will have to face them."
76561198017456805,Not Recommended,219640,29659978,Posted: 2 February,all,David_R,"Game was incredible once, interesting combat system with a lot of skill involved and great balance, interesting game modes, and while there were (and still are) some absurd bugs it was pretty good.These days the game is plagued by people who abuse the games wonky physics by spinning their character around and swinging wildly in ways the game isn't capable of registering blocks. It can be fun, if you can maybe buy it on sale? Can't recommend anyone buy it at full price though."
76561198069125319,Recommended,219640,13099692,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,The Pirate King,"WARNING: This games calls itself 'Chivalry', but there is a shocking lack of Fedoras, as a chivalrus man myself, i could not help but be slightly disheartened by this experience"
76561198068983795,Recommended,219640,10994030,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DKtygr,"All I can say the game hook mi, di concept jus av u steering like out in di streets they call it murder lol"
76561198132906430,Recommended,219640,13182709,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,caleblimb,"Fun game!! Just don't get the DLC, it's over-rated."
76561198119126602,Not Recommended,219640,14850556,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,UrbanBoats,After level 15https://youtu.be/mosTDMO3hJc
,Recommended,219640,17819792,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Abarron,"fun enough, but bugged all to hell and the only thing the devs do is make new customizable items.... sadly that is why I am done with it.  I wish i hadn't spent my money. Again great concept and fun but the devs apparently have no desire to fix the bugs and instead milk you for customizables. Whats worse is they dont JUST sell hats.  They sell whole suits of identical armor.  Its worse than the tf2 devs which says a lot.*Edit*  Ok.  So they fixed a LOT of stuff.  There are bugs of course still but they aren't as big of a deal.  They guinely seem to be working on it now and haven't been adding more customizables instead of fixing stuff for a while now.  This whole review has now been changed to a recomendation .  Overall really fun game now that it is playable."
,Recommended,219640,27497630,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PingPoo,"If there is one way to improve this game, it's Black Knight Mode!"
76561198154095344,Recommended,219640,27883011,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Drakehinst,I learned more about human biology in one hour playing Chivalry than in three year of high school classes.And I shot people from a hundred meters with a sniper crossbow. I'm totally sold!
,Recommended,219640,11749673,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Fallen 270,8.5/10Tis but a flesh wound. Come at thou.
,Recommended,219640,10233495,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Gaddafi,Heading chopping simulator 2014.
76561198052869015,Recommended,219640,7852730,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,dolan,so damn epic a must get! this made cutting heads off a thing in the real world!
,Recommended,219640,24730528,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Paradox,"Chivalry is a very fun game, but there are many common combat maneuvers that if you're new, you might have a hard time combatting or copying."
76561197998092639,Recommended,219640,1794854,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Dexter,Game is great game is good
76561198099007045,Recommended,219640,27248662,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lyros,"One of the greatest games, but please, Torn Banner, stop begging for this steam award - that just makes you look cheap.P.S. Voted for ""I'm not crying..."" :p"
,Recommended,219640,27278663,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A D O L F,Wonderful gameplay.
76561198025747424,Recommended,219640,27294002,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Beatus Vir,"Simply the best melee combat game yet made. There are some upcoming games majorly influenced by Chivalry, but for now it's the best show in town. Still has active multiplayer years after release. Still new mods and game modes being released. Full controller support. 21:9, adjustable FOV, and really nice visuals. Avoid the DLC; it is a separate game that nobody plays anymore."
,Recommended,219640,27296700,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,einherjer out of time,Simply the best game ever.
,Recommended,219640,27301982,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zeppel,"I absolutely love this game! If you are searching for a nice community and some good old swordfights, get it!AND KILL THOSE ANNOYING ARCHERS!"
,Recommended,219640,27275817,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magical Girl Ron Swanson,"YOU SHOULD BE WOMEN, AND YET YOUR BEARDS FORBID ME FROM INTERPRETING THAT YOU ARE SO!!!*chorus of random screaming in the background*"
76561198008759552,Recommended,219640,14382462,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,CrustiestConz,LMB spammers/10
,Recommended,219640,27253666,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lukus-kub ツ,Nothing is more satisfying than chopping the head off your foes....   and teammates.
,Recommended,219640,27254810,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"Patrick ""Fucking"" Novack","Best ""I am sorry"" simulator ever! 10/10, would play again!"
,Recommended,219640,27284910,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheSoulOfLincoln,"This game, is one of the craziest and most fun games I have ever played. I loved every second of my playtime."
,Recommended,219640,27245106,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MirroredIce,"-decides to go in multiplayer-gets one hit by knight spinnging like a top.-leaves*really fun, but has a really large skill gap"
76561198123464892,Recommended,219640,29264626,Posted: 14 January,all,Savage Cabbage,I would absolutley not reccomend this game for young children below the ages or 14 because some of the things you see are absolutley horrid and I can absolutley see little children becoming absolute savage's after playing this game
,Recommended,219640,22920242,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ya boi bob★,10/10 would slice a tomato again
,Recommended,219640,17915420,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,glowguy,Team Fortress 2 With Fortresses and Swords
76561198129283808,Recommended,219640,28436771,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Cabbage,If you want to have a grand old time with your lads or just shop some heads off this is the game for you!I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,219640,28437801,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,(A13X)chicken general,"Is a very very good game,if you like to play TF2 or overwatch, you should buy this game,and you should play the server that can have 100 players,because is more like bettlefiled in middle age and also like the TF2 payload game modgood things:good grphic4 classesplaybleis fungood mapi love the game modbest middle age gamebad things:Little bit blodyis hard at first(but is fine)the game is too good and too fun XD"
,Recommended,219640,28436564,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sethan ☭,Good Game
76561198274113685,Recommended,219640,29400646,Posted: 21 January,all,Gmaster1414,NIce game
,Recommended,219640,16068464,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,♣ seraph,Winning.Charlie Sheen's game of choice after the first hit of a 3 days stimulant binge.CHIVALRY AND VALVE WIN WITH THIS ONE!MUST HAVE!
76561198123271688,Recommended,219640,28545060,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,S T I N K H O L E,I can't stop playing this please send help.
76561198110691175,Not Recommended,219640,33003691,Posted: 29 June,all,Ugnak,"Despite this game being fun, it does not have an enjoyable experience. Yes you most definitly get your bursts of fun in this but at the same time, it has game breaking mechanics that the devs choose to ignore, this game was released in 2012 so I highly doubt they would fix their game.For an Example...- Vanguards are overly powered, yes they do have their counters but based off of my experience 80% of people play as a vanguard and can you guess why? They are fast have decent amount of armour and have huge ranged swords so despite your counters or blocks or dodging, they will still reach you. Why would you wanna play any of the classes if you have a vanguard?- The daggers in this game are broken, the hitbox is very low and everytime you slash or stab at an enemy it just misses even though you are stabbing right at them.- Hit boxes should be adjust according to classes, even when you dodge as a man of arms (Agile class) you will still get damaged because the hit box is bigger than your body.- Maps are full of invisable walls, and this annoys me because you cannot explore the map, as they are so limited to what you can do, sometimes you can't climb on a brick or on a roof, where you are at the height advantage and you can make the jump, the game doesn't let you.- Team killing is a HUUGE issue in this game, noobies just slash after one person and don't realise their huge slash is taking away your health, and most team battles end up as a cluster ♥♥♥♥ of team killing and your always at low health due to a teammate.- The voting system is ridiculous, you can kick people from the opposite team, I have seen this happen first hand, when I was doing decent and demolishing this guy, he casted a vote on me and I got kicked. It also happened to my friend.- THE MOST PAINFUL THING OF ALL, once you pass level 15, you cannot play at low rank servers anymore, which is understandable, but the problem with this is when you go to higher ranked lobbies, the higher level players demolish you and exploit animations to do absurd things like instantly using a heavy attack without the build up of what a heavy attack is supposed to do. I was even in a lobby where the higher ranked players taught me how to do it, it felt unfair to me.- The worst thing is, these developers are not gonna do anything about it....{ If you buy this game, expect that there will barely be any fixes to game breaking issues as it is an old game }"
,Recommended,219640,14795479,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,buttMan,I have been playing this game for a while now and I have to say this is one of my favorite games. There is nothing wrong with this game at all its almost perfect and i would recommend this game to everyone. 10/10. PS. its always going on sale so pick it up.
76561198027386541,Recommended,219640,3789244,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,N7Magnus,Best Swordfighting-Sim ever. Nuff said
,Recommended,219640,12589385,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Corolla,play lord of the rings soundtrack as you play.thank me later.
,Not Recommended,219640,1437931,"Posted: 17 December, 2012",all,Zjörk,"This game is the worst excuse for a video game based on Lord of the Rings. It just keeps getting worse and worse every time you play. It's the very definition of ""unfun"". I've had better tasting jockstraps than the one left in my mouth from this game."
,Recommended,219640,17883000,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,S33ker,Ready your breakfast hearty....
,Recommended,219640,28848786,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Yasumoto ^_^,so much fun
,Recommended,219640,30165853,Posted: 25 February,all,ck1521,"Great game, played it mostly for fun, and it just never gets boring.The gameplay is unique and I really like this FPS-like melee combat.I'm in China, there are several good 3rd party servers as well as a handful of small but interesting communities.I even poped up my own CMW server, it's not OOTB but not very hard.Anyway it can be difficult for newcomers, you might wanna have some duel practice first :)"
,Not Recommended,219640,18273177,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Thirsty_Pickle,"Broken combat and terrible community, have friends that play or don't play at all."
76561198036515579,Recommended,219640,4399580,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,Tailzor,"If you like excessive battlecries and chopping off heads, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,219640,28846598,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,About 7 Cat Ninjas,"10/10, My character screaming and everyone else screaming made this really enjoyable"
76561198049643931,Recommended,219640,14803567,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,LLG.Bandite0,I love this game (i recomend having a good computer) it has great graphics and alot of players thwy have alot of wepons to choose from (if it isnt enough try war of the roses)
76561198067202122,Recommended,219640,19917046,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,PureBusiness,screaming is fun
76561197966236439,Recommended,219640,26090969,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Bam Bam In Ur Face,Very nice game! Must have @ Sale.It Is  - A Good Day - To Diiiiiiiiiiie!
,Recommended,219640,10928076,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ChalkLiquor,"This screaming simulator had many different levels of shouts. From a wee grumble to a screech, it had it all143/10"
76561198065340769,Recommended,219640,26214691,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ok,ok
76561198136419398,Recommended,219640,26122668,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,NinjaNikNik,"Got this on the discount; worth it! The classes and weapons are generally fair and balanced (though the vanguard seems pretty OP imo. There is a lot of satisfaction achieved on this game. Skillful kills provide a sense of accomplishment  (successful blocks and swings that eventually defeat your foe) and the ragdoll effects/death animations are very detailed (decapitations, dismemberment, arrows/throwing knives/axes embedded in a distant foe). I would get this game if I were you, but not at full price. It's better that way.To address a certain issue, please, when you are in a group fight, DO NOT USE SLASH. If the players who read this review choose to scroll instead o on the gamrf click for once, there would be wayyyy less teamkills (yes, there is friendly fire in this game). However, remember to teach this to other new players instead of instantly trying to votekick them for an accident. Remember, if it was most likely an accident, don't try to votekick. It wastes the player's experience and your time when you explain why they should agree with the vote. Also, your respawn  is delayed as a penalty for attacking teammates.To sum this up, the game is worth getting but be prepared to rage a lot at first."
76561198089872083,Recommended,219640,28847600,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,slimpeanut,"Imagine if you replaced guns with swords and included Skyrim- like dismemberment. Now take those two and make gamemodes that involve you seiging opponents castles or if you want a break from the medieval action; Join one of the populated Star Wars servers to fight with lightsabers.Oh, and the war cries are perfectly voice acted."
76561198253719781,Recommended,219640,26123490,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,hoodini67,"This game is really fun and addictive, good graphics, good physics, and good multiplayer overall great game"
,Recommended,219640,30166805,Posted: 25 February,all,Его зовут Алексей,Игра хорошая. Купил за 49р
,Recommended,219640,19945265,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Texas Red,"Pretty dank, but I wonder if it's too dank?"
,Recommended,219640,6699716,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Dickwraith Supreme,"A medieval twist on the First Person genre. Plenty of fun full of limb chopping, beheadings and ridiculous voice call-outs."
,Not Recommended,219640,24235946,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kevbwell,The game you are thinking of when you buy this game only exsist in the beginner servers after you reach the level cap for them it is no longer medival combat it becomes cirque du soleil with swords its not fun and its not immersive i know im beating a dead horse the combat is broken.
76561198080857030,Recommended,219640,26469315,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Fëanor,"amazing gameplay, great comunity."
,Recommended,219640,9106432,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Woah Trippy,"Well the leveling has been fixed which is good, but I still found once you hit level 16, that I started doing very very badly. Atleast I find it playable now."
,Recommended,219640,27247755,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TarnaUK,Forkman!
76561198029836758,Recommended,219640,27260143,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spooky holden,"Yep, deserves the time award still think they need to work on it."
,Recommended,219640,27270631,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kripz,"Best medieval combat game i know of.Really good fight mecanics.A Must Have Game, defenetly."
,Recommended,219640,27292591,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Earl of Lemongrab,Superbly marvellous game. Even dying is great fun!
,Not Recommended,219640,6872309,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,⚜ Prof. Wubba,"Casual game for casuals.  I hope you found this review helpful so if you did pls upboat and follow me on facebook, twitter, google+, tumblr, pinterest, instagram, youtube, flickr, deviantART, myspace, photobucket and more. :^)"
76561198011734921,Recommended,219640,16369562,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,i like my guitar,"This game is awesome, and for 2.49 you cant go wrong. I'm not even that mad that I bought it last week for TWENTY FIVE ♥♥♥♥ING BUCKS OMFG"
,Recommended,219640,16369684,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,RAT|Ethismos,"A very good game, for a rediculusly low price! Have been playing for a few months now, totaly worth it, one of my favorites!"
,Recommended,219640,25141107,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Stephen Paddock,"nice game, but some people are tryhards and spin like ballerinas its kinda weird, but its fun game"
76561198089374285,Not Recommended,219640,19985909,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Vladimir Poutine,"It doesn't work. Plain and simple. When I try to join a game or start the training mode, it opens the loading screen and... does nothing else. Sometimes it crashes after a while, sometimes it stays on the loading screen. It never plays the game. The Deadliest Warrior expansion works fine but it's not a great game.After some googling, I found a number of people who had the same or similar problems, and a variety of solutions, but none of them worked. So, I can't play the game. If you buy this game, you're rolling the dice: it might simply not work."
,Recommended,219640,16078892,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Larry E.,"Game is fun. However, the community is really bad. You could probably assume that based on all of the other reviews. Honestly, if you're looking for a fun game to play around on this is really cool. People complaining about the community are ones who really get into the whole thing. You won't notice if you're just looking for a fun, casual game."
76561198045577518,Not Recommended,219640,20529866,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,fa11en1ight,"I want to like this game, the fights can be really fun at there best, but there is just too many problems in the combat and the game modes for any long lasting appeal or competative gameplay.The combat has a lot of exploits in it, and you can see people abusing them in every server. The ""meta"" appears to revolve around exploiting the wonky hit boxes with broken weapons that will kill you in one hit. The whole ""weapon drag"" system they have just serves to abuse the hitboxs and reward the player with a high mouse dps swinging around like a idiot.The problems with the gameplay is much simpler to explain. Its basically a backstab simulator. Its always fun to have a great duel with a guy one on one right? Well 90% of the time you are going to be killed by a bunch of guys ganging up on you and ends with you getting killed by some guy behind you that you couldn't even see. If that sounds like ""fun"" or ""fair"" gameplay to you than you may like this game. Just make sure you start swinging around with a giant hammar like a idiot and hoping for the best, that nets you the most kills.In conclusion, can this game be fun? Yes, there are always moments were you go around feeling like a badass knight and have great duels with people. But most of the time you are just going to be lying down in a ditch feeling like a scrub after you just got backstabbed by some guy spinning around with a maul."
76561198020201649,Recommended,219640,35115037,Posted: 21 September,all,Harbinger.LNT,"Chiv was great up until this last year, well it was the best at what it did up until recently. (toxic, exploit infested player base, no community feedback taken seriously. low population/servers if your lucky. truly now an Abandonded game)However, I regret NONE of the money I spent buying this game, skins etc. Back a few years ago when I did actually buy it.You would have to be living under a rock for a while now to have not heard of Mordhau already.RNGesus has come, Mordhau is here (in alpha). But truely I speak to you as fellow Chiv sympathiser ,as a long time chiv player who played less and less over time as the community dwindled, toxic playerbase increased via loss of legit players, it has festered and they spread their cancer past the point of no return.Mordhau , in its alpha-state via:kickstarter.. Iss already the straight up spiritual, physical and philosphical child/reincarnation of Chiv.. All you ever wished forthe things that are possible already on this alpha were never within Torn Banners capabilities as developers, or funds.(( All respect where it is due and you guys made the best FPSword game aat the time. with real hope for longevity and ingenuity, but just couldn't/wern't willing/able to remain engaged in meaningfull usefull and hopefull dialog with the community in the long term. wern't willing to invest in the game seriously long term (think the current RainbowsixSeige model)I dont blame torn banner for where the game has ended , I am just greatfull that I was able to participate from the early days.But their time has come,long story shortLitterally everything you ever wished was better eg: weapon dynamics, control, intelligent solutions to legal exploits to♥♥♥♥♥♥like ""the reverse, duck, 360* Insta-stab"" kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥and instead of shunning the fient masters, they simply added mechanics to give you legitimite options to respond , same with dragging. still present but way more balanced and have seen no complaints so far except from the Zwei- wielding-rainbow tornado super Draggers. who have to relearn.there is more combat skills to master , think parries but next level, there is chambering, morphing, 360* control of weapons.  Also ♥♥♥♥ING HORSE RIDING KNIGHTS!! applied in a similar manner to tanks and cavalry in Battlefield 1. eg: some avaliable at beggining of round, more awarded for objectives acheived as the game goes on... I could seriouslygo on and on and on.Basically Mordhau is Chiv's true child and heir. It is what Chivalry Medival Warfare 2, would have been like if actually executted properly.The stuff dreams are made of, truly.PS: Mirage is a reskin of chiv, straight up, no pretending. They are modders at core and whilst I beleive they will evolve more depth over time, they are not capable of taking this where it needs to go right now. I do wish them the best though and will likely buy promising future games from TB, if they are original enough and fun enough."
76561198097844457,Not Recommended,219640,20453334,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Underground,this game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥there are so many npc upside down glitches i get killed all the time when people arent even looking at me they will swing like 80 ft away from me somehow i get it when you shoot bows at people the hits dont even register i had all bows unlocked and the  guess what somehow i lost all my bows and i had to ♥♥♥♥ing get them back again worst money ever spent i want a ♥♥♥♥ing refund
76561198028064206,Not Recommended,219640,20453980,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,maticpv,My top 10 shitest game of the year
76561198045844375,Not Recommended,219640,20455766,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Futt Buck,"Not a bad game for an hour or so, becomes rather repetetive. Not worth playing if you have high latency connection, the hit detection is dubious at best even without lag. Glad it was on sale when I bought it - 6/10"
,Recommended,219640,181655,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,ĐɛʌƉƓʊƔ,"This is a great game in small doses, at least for myself.  It can be rather frustrating at times.  Some of the weapons do not seem to be created equal.  However, there is alot of skill involved in playing this game well.  Online play will show you just how much you have to learn.  Its a solid melee combat game at its core, nice graphics, fluid gameplay.  Chaotic FFA matches, and team matches.  You will have alot of fun playing this game most of the time. :)"
76561198115146812,Recommended,219640,14092802,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BigRedHulk,"I can't think of another game that I have laughed so hard at myself dying.  Chivalry is a very fun multiplayer, and has since been my go to for online deathmatch games.  It takes more skill and effort then ""call of duty"" gun games imo because you can block and have several attacks/weapons.  I highly recommend it.I would leave out the DLC.  To me, it just wasn't as fun as the base game, and there seems to be some hit detection issues with it.10/10, would decapitate again"
,Recommended,219640,35180213,Posted: 24 September,all,Fineas,"Strong mechanics, descent graphics, stable, unique ""fencing like"" gameplay.However contains a lot of problems caused by either net code, bad connections of involved players, glitches/bugs and clueless players not taking objectives.I addored this game for I have not played for the longest time a game that introduced as such meaty, hard on metal bashing and decapetating gameplay. I had high hopes for For Honor, but have not found it there.This game lost my interest because it gets more fun to play the pretty large objective based maps with at least 8 players. Which makes it hard to find enough friends to have an interesting match or go online and get wrecked by master players, idiots exploitings glitches or idiots being completely clueless, switching out teams at the last moment completely destroying any immersion you had of being a fearless knight, yelling on your top of your lungs as you throw yourself at the hoards of enemies trying to take (or you defending) your castle.I partly blame the developer for not at least trying to fix some of these problems. In my head they just lack the right people to tackle the issues.So I have long forsaken this game. I might return to play it a bit more with my friends, so I give it the benefit of the doubt. It was and is nice for what it is.Thanks for the good times and may a worthy successor eventuelly rise up."
,Recommended,219640,30300454,Posted: 3 March,all,mhofever,"I rate this game a 9 out of 10 Heathens. The one game where it's okay to shout ""Die athiest scum! Die you heathens!"" because you are in the role of a religious zealot."
76561197970975822,Not Recommended,219640,35156039,Posted: 23 September,all,NoiTツ,Was a great game back in the day. now it's just exploits and micro transactions. 25 hours is what you can expect until you kys.
76561198022598919,Recommended,219640,29794171,Posted: 8 February,all,Mrbonglongshlong,mmm chivalry i was bad i was good i played it to much i played it to little this game has been like a roller coaster to me and i love it all the more that is all have a good night
,Recommended,219640,12613183,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,✩ Shyrr-k '-'. _ ✬,This game is awesome!The fighting feels brutal and realistic and the graphics are beautiful!10/10 - Better than the mod!
,Recommended,219640,20200949,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Spaghetti Monster,really fun game i highly recommend. please play this
,Recommended,219640,30280173,Posted: 2 March,all,Pacifist :3 (SonTy),"Игра очень кровавая, у неё очень плохая анимация персонажей, но очень угарный геймплей. Всем советую. Игра для слабых пк."
,Not Recommended,219640,24130865,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MASTERY220,I really enjoyed the game but after level 15 you are forced to play against highbies and its unplayable against thoes blender attacks or whatever you call themgreat to play with friends horrible to play on any rank serversthere are mods such as Horde that is fun in any levelbut overall its unplayable after lvl 15 almost
76561198136159130,Recommended,219640,24199165,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cubey,It's dead now but I used to be able to behead people and that was coolAnd when you go over rank 16 everyone breaks the combat and suddenly spinning ballerina dudes kill youBut that's fine
,Recommended,219640,456436,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,Rogers,"While Chivalry does have its bugs and issues that prevent it from being a AAA title. It is one of the most interesting, fun and entertaining games I have played in a long time. The combat is incredibly immersive and feels verry kinetic like Dark messiah and Dishonored. The game encourages simple fun and has interesting objective based modes such as push a corpse wagon into the local enemy castles drinking supply, then storming the games, then killing the royal family. Its a refreshing change of pace from the modern shooters that is so desperatly needed. Chivalry looks good, sounds great and the gameplay is just plain fun. I would give it a solider 8/10"
,Recommended,219640,9004167,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,@VicesAdulation,The most fun you can have without a gun
76561198072245785,Recommended,219640,10719476,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Rusty Shackleford,"Swung my sword, teammate got in the way, got his head cut off and 5 seconds later I was kicked from the match. 20/10 would accidentently kill a teammate and get kicked again."
76561198091997058,Not Recommended,219640,29754965,Posted: 6 February,all,Nikolas Untoten,"This game has a great concept, and should be a ton of fun to play. The mechanics of the game, however, are very poorly implemented. The attacks feel sluggish, and the visual attack animation shown does not coincide well with the actual hitboxes. It is also very unclear what team you should be attacking, since half of the armor is the same color for both teams, as well as the fact that the game randomly switches your team without properly telling you. Playing the game feels like trying to eat an undercooked steak; looks great, smells ok, but makes you want to vomit and♥♥♥♥♥♥out your♥♥♥♥♥tl:dr: should be fun, but it isn't due to poor implementation."
,Recommended,219640,17100908,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,CuddleBundles,"We don't play this game for the Simulation,But for the Stimulation."
76561198144880876,Recommended,219640,27790904,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,†SMK† ～ Red Phoenix,i like this game
76561198195661797,Recommended,219640,35360922,Posted: 30 September,all,Vidaar,8/8 would slap a man with a stick again.
76561198014316775,Recommended,219640,25650450,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,[MAZA]Beren,Awarded for the best ''Die-more-often-by-your-allies-than-your-enemies Simulator'' game of the year.Who the ♥♥♥♥ is using that catapult again ?????
76561198069219335,Recommended,219640,18599717,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,R.E.D,it may be hard in the beginning but when you have played it for a while and learned how to play its really fun :)
,Not Recommended,219640,10151895,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Inferno,"It takes too long to join a game, and has bad lag. All in all I wasted money on it,  even though it was on sale when I purchased it!"
,Not Recommended,219640,35215016,Posted: 25 September,all,Top_Hat,"This used to be one of my favorite games, and I have played on and offf since it came out. Sadly, this game has just become a glitch and exploit fest. Unless you are turning yourself into a human beyblade and making your character spin around to do dumb behind the back, spinning, and jumping double spin no scope 360 nonsense you are not keeping up with the ""meta"". Really dissapointing to see it die like this after all these years, and sadly Mirage flopped horribly."
76561197998167204,Not Recommended,219640,35222602,Posted: 26 September,all,BOOM Head$hot,Wtf i bought this game at 2.5 dollars at xmax and now its 25 dollars what the hell tatte rahem na allenu
76561197975829053,Recommended,219640,697622,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,frontliner2,One of my favourite games of all time
,Not Recommended,219640,35483038,Posted: 4 October,all,Crimsy,"Alpha, do you copy? There's an helicopter with limbs"
,Recommended,219640,28705224,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kak[A]nosH,"the community are worst I've ever seen,  kicked - banned  for no reason multiple times.Hovewer i still like this game,  game is fun & very challenging."
,Recommended,219640,23889885,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mashishi,Crazy amounts of fun running into battle screaming FFFFFFFOOOOOORRRR AGATHAAAHHHHHHHHHH and beheading your filthy treasonous opponents
76561198095021605,Not Recommended,219640,7981590,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,juliandlm.12,could be great and all that stuff but if you want it in a laptop is a hell it has a lot of lag  it says 2GB ram secure you have unless 8they tell you 8 GB hard drive free I recomendd 20 free.but if you want to spend money a lot you can spend in a dlc they are less lag
,Not Recommended,219640,10437398,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,BoltzTrickVAC,The lack of updates and unbalanced classes such as the vanguard makes this game unbearable to play.
76561198110148412,Not Recommended,219640,15846481,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,gashbash,"reasons:1. can't ever play this without getting mad, i rage sure we all do but this game is so rage inducing that it makes me want to literally break a hole in my pc or wall.2. combat system is rock paper scissors not real time, if you do a swing from the right with a sword then the person the tries to jab you will either kill you cause you think your close enough but rly on there screen your swinging air. or you will kill them because they think your farther away.OR they cant swing cause it takes too long to charge it up.3. the new player servers from what i could tell are spammed with vanguards, they have mid armor and speed, they can charge with there spears,longswords,warhammers, from about i dunno 3-8 player models away.4. archers usually get either one shot, two shot, and always targeted by enemies. and if you think well then ill just do long shots, good luck with this real time movement going on all your going to hit is the ground,air, or a teamate THEN lastly if your lucky maybe a teammate.5. armor doesn't rly matter, its just more health so if your good with a dagger, can dodge then im sure you can take down a knight thats what the men at arms class is for and for people who just want to take a kill or set people on fire.6. i have seen countless times where i swing and cause my little pixel sized reticle doesn't match there body i miss i have also seen times where i swing and they are about 90 degrees away from where i swung my sword so, again if you can dodge you win... always.7.sure you can use a pavise shield as a crossbowmen but guess what from my experiences that huge shiled wont cover your back at all and all it is, is just like a 2x4 card blocking the enemy. so id get arrows and kind of stay back where you can still hit people.8. yes i do love archers and i like knights as well but archers have no armor and they have mid speed... why not 3? would make sense since there are men at arms with shield and swords and leather armor who are faster.9. reminds me peed doesnt matter it really doesn't it only matters when your going from A, to B. why? because there is this thing called a chase mechanic. it means when you run as a men  at arms the fastest guy around. a knight can catch up to you and kill you i guess it prevents people from running but it prevnts archers from running too so, yeah.10. not convinced? im a level 14, that doesn't matter with all of this gameplay and levels it just means nothing all you have to do is once you (impossibly get good at the real time combat) is get kills for weapon sure at first they may take long to get but once you unlock the final one and play with it usually its worse then the middlle weapon or since your not working for a better weapon usually stop usuing it (unless you play casual then its fine :)   ) yes, i may have typing mistakes cause when i started i was mad, mad that this is a love hate relationship.11. real time is a way to put it, if you have a good pc and internet thats awesome theres this thing called ping though, and you may be okay but the guy flailing his sword and such around won't like you.12. friendly fire, i love it it helps idiots to learn what they did in the tutorial against computers which won't ever match up against players. what i hate about it, there is a tip yes about friendly fire that says something like: if you are going to attack someone with a ally don't swing jab instead to prevent friendly fire. so when i charge in i usually get hit by a friendly and die. i love it cause of realism thats why i love this game, but its just not really there yet i feel like its just a little ahead of its time.13. you like fighting right? well just get past the invisible wall at that corner and get caught! then get jabbed by a vanguard. also like fighting even more? well as soon as you can get past your teamates who are behind you then you won't die unless the  miss a swing thats way far away to everyone but themselves.14. like using bows? good heres a longbow now try to hit that enemy who is zig zagging and if hes good then he will also move his mouse around so his model is just getting whiplash then if hes a vanguard he will do the million ollar jump and then jab you.15. think its funny to be a slinger? well unless you good with it your dead. not even anything you can unlock past the sling, nothing like a super sling or something.16. wanna be a swordsmen? well uhm... be a vanguard its the best class trust me, knights are hard to use and men at arms are but not as much. or be a javelineer as an archer! just watch out for everything as it will mostlikely one shot you :D but you have a belt buckle shield that can block anything as long as you know somehow to block the hatchets (which vanguards can use) fire pots, arrows, and everything a melee person has to dodge. but you have javelins which you can throw at the enemies, and unless you have a sword as a secondary then you cant swing left to right only jab or shield bash which are both infront of you.17. community is okay, but thats only from me i stick to servers that have my skill level in combat. the green noob servers. or sometimes ill go on horde which is cod zombies pretty much, or an objective only server as the rest feel to much like cod a small map with like 10+ players on em. with community you either get ragers at the combat system, people that abuse the system such as looking at the ground and swinging and getting headshots with there longsword, people that like to use the op weapons in new player servers such as this sword that is like curvy like a curvy road is at the mountains, or theres bad archers and team killers. hmm i can't think of any others right now esides the op players that are good at everything18. there are some ups as well, i like the team objective maps they are cool. i like that there are ammo crates around maps, i like that there are ballistas, i kind of like catas but not enough fo them in use and they look a bit corny and old for a model.my suggestion to you: its a good game i like it but DO NOT expect to never get mad at this game as it is very hard not to. take some time ( as in like 5 hours) out of your day to pratice the combat system. get used to people that abuse the system.my sugesstion to the devs: good game but perhaps making the side stepping enemies take up stamina or something so like this; i am defending from a vanguard or knight. i am moving around slightly with my shield up. i go into jab as vanguard,knight whoever has a sword. when i miss they are behind me and kill me. INSTEAD perhaps have something like, make the speed come into play, like maybe only have a man at arms go around me that fast as a knight shouldn't in my opinion or have it be a sidestep thing like, press sidestep key, then move in direction you want takes up stamina to do this. OR have it so people can't move left to right as fast and get rid of the damn chase system.Well, you gotta take a break sometimes from thisitslikecracki guess ill rate this game...   7/10 perhaps add in a system where you have to aim for weak spots? instead of swinging at a knight's plate armor and blood coming out? you would have to aim for like his chain which is at his torso. or perhaps knock off his helmet one of the things i like that is cool but never happens enough.i love it but its about 50/50 chance of me loving the ""real time"" combat system really until someone make a game with mocap, vr in a green screen room with this as it and a stick resembling the sword, then it will be real time as the fast people will be fast and the slow, slow. perhaps the mocap would get heavier when playing as a knight compared to an archer.maybe ill come and edit this but for now, i am happy with my review and just simply can't play 2 games without getting mad at something. i would only recommend this if you want to get used to the combat before buying reign of kings..."
76561198123441361,Recommended,219640,16126380,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,pico,"WOOOOOOO!!! yea, this game is worth the $$$ by far super satisfied, exedes my expectations! great pass time lots of weapons good community and workshop. if u like fast paced action, greats graphics definetly for a medieval game fans!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,4451181,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Kaiten,"Really great game, like team fortress 2 but require skills!"
,Recommended,219640,8748161,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Kenetek,AGATHAAAAAAAA
76561198040215054,Recommended,219640,11892767,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Duke of Skellington,"COME ER' YOU, I LIKE YOU!`Mason Vanguard Pedophilia"
,Recommended,219640,17353367,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,admafi,This game could be good if it wasn't for the bugs and the whiny community. Was still fun while it lasted
,Recommended,219640,13027822,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,SH4WKiNG,.
76561198055343961,Recommended,219640,14966066,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,TheEnthusedSkink,"There are four things that I must say about Chivalry: Medieval Warfare; two good, two bad.1. The combat is amazing. While most games like this one, such as the Elder Scrolls, have a melee system based around a set amount of health, where you can just swing away at your enemy until they fall over dead, Chivalry makes every blow feel real. In Skyrim, your sword hits the enemy, maybe staggering him, but the blow feels empty as the animation doesn't feel nearly as meaty as you'd like it. In Chivalry, you can almost feel the bones breaking and the flesh tearing underneath your strike. The enemy will be knocked back, and maybe even lose a limb. In Skyrim, you have to have a perk to cut people's heads off. In Chivalry, you can take someone's head off in a single swing with a knife. You can have a Zweihander sword, swing it and take a guy's leg off and then swing again, and take his head off.Using a shield in this game makes you feel almost inpenetrable. The blocking system is great, not perfect, but great since, again unlike Skyrim, the shield will block all damage striking. (Kind of like how a real shield would work in real life.) You can also bash and knock your enemy off balance, opening him up for a counter strike. Every single blow that is landed feels rewarding, no matter how you pulled it off.2. The weapons. There is no such thing in this game as a bad weapong....just ones that are freakishly annoying to use. Each and every weapon in this game can be used to great effectiveness if the wielder knows what he or she is doing. Even the two-handed hammer can be used to destroy your enemies if you know how to use it. Even the spears, which are my least favorite weapon in the game, can be used well, if, again, you know how to use it. Each tool of destruction has its own unique appeal to it, whether it's a sword, or a hammer. An axe, or a spear. Heck, even the flail is fun to use.And now for the bad:3. The netcode. While nowhere near as bad as Battlefield 4, the netcode does have a few issues. The main issue is that when an opponent is swinging, their weapon isn't always swinging the way that it is on your screen. You may think that you are pointing your shield at it, but it's actually somewhere else and they get an easy kill because of it.4. The community. In any game where there is friendly fire, there will be the issue of team killing. In Chivalry, how you swing your weapon actually matters. When you are in a crowd of people, one simply cannot swing wildly. If you do, you will be sure to kill your friends along with your enemies. In all of the matches I have played, there hasn't been a single one that hasn't had someone kill a teammate. This wouldn't be that big of an issue if it wasn't for the fact that it happens every match and can be easily avoided, most of the time it happens. If you overshoot your opponent, sure, it was an accident. But if you leap into a crowd of people, swining wildly, then you have no excuse as to why you took off the legs of three of your teammates. As a whole, the community doens't seem to be too concerned with watching their strikes. Sure, there are those who do their best not to hit their teammates and always apologize when they do, but there are those who just don't care. They will be sure to ruin your day a little more when you almost have unlocked a new weapon, only need one more kill, and you're about to take the head off of a knight, when your teammate takes your head instead and steals you kill, or simply gets owned by the knight.Don't even get me started about the intentional teamkilling.So, there you have it: what makes Chivalry: Medieval Warfare such a great game and what's wrong with it. Hopefully, this has shed some light on the game so that you won't be going into playing blind to at least some of the issues that it has."
76561198073764994,Recommended,219640,15333317,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,banged ladesh,"I fully reccomend this game to those who really want to satasfy that terrible itch for a well made Medieval style game of swordplay without physically creating the battle themselves with a community (given so you have the friends to create such an event on a private server). But from my experiences, the Chivalry community ruins it. The game has some mechanics flaws that can easily be manipulated with a high mouse sensitivity, and the people that do that seem to be in every populated server that still exists. This makes the learning curve too difficult to really just pick up and play every now and then without feeling that anger and resentment. I purchased this game for the quality swordplay I beleived it held, to participate in epic duels and team fights. But it ended up being a game of who's played it the longest, due to the lack of ranked servers, or the community to populate them."
,Recommended,219640,12562279,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,n00b f00,Awesome
,Recommended,219640,10731698,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Pasta J,Chivalry: Medieval BOREfare. Hehe.
76561197993610726,Recommended,219640,16214379,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,♔DØCTOR FEELGOOD,An exciting medieval warfare simulator that requires some reflexes! It is a fairly fun game when the teams are even and the weapons are a lot fo fun to unlock and use. Theres nothing like charging into battle with your team all battle-crying and stuff lol as long as you don't all get quickly cut down that is. Some people are insanely good at this since you have to swing your weapons in a lot of strange ways.. the potential to get pwned is always present but the game is def worth trying out!OVERALL 8.5/10
,Recommended,219640,14832935,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,toazters,trash game
,Not Recommended,219640,18437973,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Slyder,"This game has evolved into a bunch of tryhards freely expliting bugs, using instant hits after blocks, spinning and crouching while swing glitching,  people telepoting short distances as they swing a weapon, the game is pooly optmized for sword and shield combat the hit detection is way off and has never been address.  You contantly get glitched/stuck/stopped by probs and poorly made terrain.The comunity for this game is wrose than CS:GO, full of neck beard tryhard exploiters.  The ranking sysytem has nothing to even help balance the game after Lv15 your forced to play against people with 1000 of hours in the game using exploits to huge flaws in the game.Save yourself the money and headache, this is something you prob wan't to pass on."
76561198026367365,Recommended,219640,10259840,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,DeadHeroSeven,A fun midevil adventure. It is in first person and adds a twist on combat. You pick your class of warrior and head into the battle field. The best man truely wins in this game. You will learn to block and parry attacks. It feels even better when chopping off an  enemies head. It does take skill and may take some time to master but i do think it is a very fun game
,Recommended,219640,8794359,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,MedPackSnack - Y.Tube,"Swords, bows, Slings and missing limbs. Lose your freakin mind along with your head. Balls out battle crys in game....balls out cries of joy playing.CHECK. THIS. OUT.Check it out on steam here"
76561198032094548,Recommended,219640,21971178,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Genetic,very good and very nice wallah
76561197977277834,Recommended,219640,13023555,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Hoot,"This is the best melee weapon combat game so far in history.  The physics are great, the environment is great, and the game is tremendously fun.  If you will work well with your team, you will win every time.  Lone wolfs might score high from time to time, but teams that win are teams that cooperate.  I play this every Friday night with my bros, and it is an amazing stress reliever, tactics builder, and strategy grower.  All around one of the best games I have ever played.  Do yourself a favor and buy this game right now."
76561198066774389,Not Recommended,219640,18653007,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Dragon Loli,0/10 - Hitboxes are worse than the players.
,Not Recommended,219640,29074364,Posted: 6 January,all,Thot,"Not realistic at all. Doesn't feel good to play. Not fun. Very grindy, unlocks are op. Be prepared to play a lot if you want to win."
76561198115868847,Not Recommended,219640,22739144,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,David,"Poorly designed, lots of flaws, negative community"
76561198261894789,Recommended,219640,25629266,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Jared,I eat♥♥♥♥
76561198104217565,Recommended,219640,16856368,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Razzle Dazzler,tf2 but with knightsyes
76561198072498566,Recommended,219640,9126283,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,daanzo,"Awesome game, semi-realistic sword play gotta love it"
76561198004068385,Recommended,219640,9142907,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Darthalomus,Medieval Warfare Rules! Fast pace intense first person hack and slash. Need I say more!
,Recommended,219640,24518740,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Lasagna1355,The good For Honor
76561198144333599,Recommended,219640,30863168,Posted: 31 March,all,ֆ |Floppy,"very good game, requires pure skill."
,Recommended,219640,29859363,Posted: 11 February,all,HP Witchcraft,"One of my favorite Medieval style games of all time. Combat is superb, Voice lines are hilarious and this game really stands on it's own in the sense that there is really nothing like it. (At least until Mordhau launches)"
76561198320666342,Not Recommended,219640,26485789,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,TheGreatOne,"The interface, combat, and gameplay of this game is horrendous. I wouldn't recommend this game."
76561197989246039,Not Recommended,219640,18523236,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Kafrodius,"GREAT and FUN Tutorial.BALANCED, CUSTOMIZABLE classes.NICE graphics.BAD, GRIEFING, NERDRAGE-KICK community.Would be 9/10, due to community 5.5/10"
76561197995135937,Not Recommended,219640,18069544,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,nathanael.undu,"I cannot ♥♥♥♥ing recommend this steaming pile of game. I honestly can't. I LOVED Age of Chivalry, the free to play predescesor to this game. That was amazing. This game? Not so much. I'll try to go over all of it's flaws and what it does well...PROS-Gorey first-person/3rd-person combat including decapitations and loss of arms/legs.-Cool, original objectives to play in maps such as kill all the peasant in a village before you batter down a door and kill the king.-Very pretty graphics!-Weapon unlock system. Get x amount of kills with x weapon to unlock the next weapon in the tier.-Character customization.-Decent selection of game modes to play.CONS♥♥♥♥♥♥match making, server filters do ♥♥♥♥all.-Glitchy terrain, I tend to get stuck on nothing quite often.-RANK system (I'll go into detail of this later, main reason why I hate this game)-♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC. They have skins all over the place ranging from £0.99 to £3.99 to £8.99... These skins are a ripoff to be honest. You can unlock 4 helmets with a package but ONLY FOR ONE TEAM. You have to buy many skins SEPERATELY for classes AND teams as well. All in all, if you want all the skin DLCs it's going to cost you a friggin fortune.-Clunky, weird combat (at higher ranks)The rank system in this is ♥♥♥♥ing godawful. When you start off there are servers for new players. Rank 0 - 15. These servers are generally very fun to play on as you can take it in your own pace, everyone seems to do alright. You never quite dominate, you never get crushed. BUT! The moment you surpass rank 15 (I am currently rank 17 and ♥♥♥♥ this game, never touching it again) you are now forbidden to play on these servers. You can't get in. As far as I know, there's no way to reset your rank either and I'm sure if there was you'd have to lose your weapon unlocks too. Not to keen on losing everything I worked for. The moment I ranked up enough to never ever be let within a 200 foot radius of those servers again I was just thrown out into the world of rank 60s and such dominating. They would crouch under my blows even though many times I saw my weapon hit them, they'll feign attacks (not too against it but it gets frustrating, kinda like a bully threatening to hit you over and over) and then there's the worst part... You seem to be able to manipulate how the weapons work. This is beyond god awful. They will start a swing so far away from you that you'd never ever get hit. Then they'll turn to you in a milisecond and apparently the tiny tiny bit of force that sword would have left from the end of that swing is enough to pop your head and everyone elses around you. As a new player, it's IMPOSSIBLE to actually enjoy getting ganked on these servers by high ranked ♥♥♥♥heads. I've seen this mostly in free-for-all.Now, if you move onto team deathmatch instead, the situation is a bit different. There's not as much weird awkward swinging taking place but instead, you'll run out to fight people only to discover your team mates will leave you to do a ♥♥♥♥ing 1v5 and you ultimately can do ♥♥♥♥all about it. The ""chase"" system pretty much ensures that you've no ♥♥♥♥ing chance to run away either. They need to implement some sort of ""unfair as ♥♥♥♥ let me escape you absolute ♥♥♥♥wits"" system as well to counter that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Did I also mention that you get teamkilled every other second in team deathmatch? Directly or indirectly, you will die by your teams hand A LOT in this game. They'll swipe without consideration and chop your head off just because they wanna get a kill and you end up with just about no health at all. The next enemy staggers in and steps on your toe and you fall over dead. It's just ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating and dying in this game is so annoying. While dying in other games doesn't feel NEARLY as annoying as it does in this you may sometimes have to witness other people trying to hack off the limbs of your corpse (I'm guilty of this one myself as I was curious when I started playing if you could. And you can.) or seeing someone slap their balls on your toes.I ADORED Age of Chivalry. I played that game so much and the community was amazing and there were so many cool people. Never in that game did I have to experience clunky awkward ♥♥♥♥ing combat with people suddenly dropping down to their knees looking like they were praying when they were infact busy shoving their knives into your cockhole.All in all, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a decent game if you don't mind one of the worst learning curves I've ever seen in a game before. Most of my time in this I actually spent playing against BOTS because that's less of a ♥♥♥♥ing pain. Though, sadly you cannot unlock new weapons while fighting bots so I was trying to force myself to get new unlocks to enjoy myself but I turned out to just get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of and usually stay♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off for the rest of the day. I'm usually never angry but this ♥♥♥♥ing game is just so infuriating....Also, on a last note...Assists do ♥♥♥♥all and they're basically a slap in the face saying someone stole your ♥♥♥♥ing kill.Buy it if you're a machochist."
,Recommended,219640,12862805,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Gerardo,Awesome!!!
,Recommended,219640,8525014,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,The Real Amish Mafia,"This is a game that I can always come back to, though it has some bugs, one of them kinda gamebreaking, its still a lot of fun nonetheless. I recommend this game to people who want something different as there are only a few games with this style. Be warned though, this game has a pretty steep learning curve, you'll find yourself dying a lot in the beginning.  Overall 9.5/10"
,Recommended,219640,2119668,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Bears,COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER!COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER! COME HITHER!This game is a  wolly jolly romp filled with screaming men beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of nerds.
76561198028676729,Recommended,219640,8708239,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Bwaahtimmy98,Chivalry is an amazing game however they messed up with the last update. Alot of people are having problems and tornbanner isn't doing anything about it.I reccomend not to buy the game until the problems have been solved(there are alot of them so it might take a couple of months).I certainly wont be playing it anytime soon.
,Recommended,219640,9074884,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,GeT_JaCkEd_MaN,Hackin' slashin' stabbin' gory fun!
,Recommended,219640,2088209,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,One-Handed Master Race,AGATHAAAAAA!
,Recommended,219640,29860062,Posted: 11 February,all,Alirexza,Awesome!
76561198010022924,Recommended,219640,8614640,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Javon,I'm cutted of many pepel heds many time im tell u 1st rely quik this gaem is spr fnie if u hav m0ny$$$ 2 git den plz u get is worf and wow. agata nite vz mas0n is lik a renanctament of medivol era an wow. oh wow. on1ce u cutted of arms of low agta night and u lev dat fukr waitin 4 next rond 2 respon an he in spectat and he brows by his boedy whils u r still unleashe the mite of mason upoen his solless bode is wen u realice ur mony is no regret. Porchose is definotly worfth!
76561198090142434,Recommended,219640,8176664,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,divot1988,it good
76561198079246920,Not Recommended,219640,8315033,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,orange lightning,the menu boss was so hard delilah cut samson's hair in protest.
76561198057475854,Recommended,219640,11071277,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Trixxy,"If you are looking for a fun fast paced game then this is for you, you can either destroy enimies from a distance with a pwerful crossbow or smash your foes head in with a mace"
76561198158980976,Recommended,219640,18168889,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Husky#BUCIBUCINANINANINOAPTEA,Is a good game
,Recommended,219640,9220936,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,AzidicArcturus,"Great, intricate combat system, endorsed by the medieval times.Game has performance issues though. 8.4/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,14665928,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Zurtrun,"Poorly optimised for mac, crashes sometimes and very laggy at low settings. Physics engine is pretty bad aswell."
76561198078044915,Recommended,219640,10222197,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Marty,OMGDLES this game is absolutely good. I would reccommend it any day.
76561198066590563,Not Recommended,219640,13241262,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,[LV]TXhenXT♜farmskins.com,Dont buy this game !!! It is boring and glitchy . It's not worth 17 euros .
,Recommended,219640,24595431,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,EtherealVoyage,great game just think of the new For Honor game coming out from ubisoft and this game is that with worse graphics and a debatably better or worse system then For Honor this game is for people that dont wanna spend 60 bucks and wait till february 14th
76561198095074502,Recommended,219640,13045863,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Rai_M_MUtd,la wea wena culiao chuchetumare
,Recommended,219640,14149606,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ð│Øgre Flex,Archers0/10
,Not Recommended,219640,18030930,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Deadpool,"Well all i can say is i am glad i got it on sale and not paid full price for it the game would be fun to play with friends but you have to know people to play it on your own it quite sh*t even a single player mode would be fun, playing with boots is fun but get very repetitive after awhile. from what i can see the Community is either you get a really good group or a really bad group of people there is no middle ground so sadly i would not recommend this game ( sorry if my spelling was bad before i edited it i was ill and hopped up on meds) the only real reason i got this game is because payday 2 suggested it."
,Recommended,219640,14531737,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Shred,"I purchased this game in the summer of 2014. It sat in my library for a few weeks. Then I remembered I had bought it and I installed it. And i fell in love instantly.The first thing I did was select man at arms. And Started attacking my teamates because I am ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I thought I had selected a FFA server. I got kicked. But I was already hooked on the sword play. I hopped back into an objective match and I heard someone screaming ""Help! Help me! Help Im going to die!"" and an archer ran past me on fire. I didnt know you could exclaim ""Help!"" but i couldnt get over how hilarious it was to see all these players running around saying these hilarious things while in battle. I ran up to a rather scary looking individual and cut off his head. I thought ""That was easy.. one hit kills! Wow!"" I ran up to the same person who had just respawned and hit him but he blocked and killed me. I wasnt paying attention to each class having their own level of armor or protection, for example, an archer has 0% protection, while a knight has like 80% or something like that. By the way, everyone hates archers so if you choose that class in a FFA match or last team standing youre gonna be singles out instantly as soon as that arrows leaves your bow. Great game either way.  Like using a hammer to bash a skull in ? You can. Do you like running around with a bo-staff and breaking peoples legs? You can.I seriously give this game a 10/10. I love it.AGATHAAAA!!!"
,Recommended,219640,17991102,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,RICK SANCHEZ,da pra vc decapta o seus inimigos e descontar a raiva do bullying q vc sofre na escola
,Not Recommended,219640,13961069,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,CastruccioCastracani,Many players can hit you through the shield. Cheat or bug? Many bugs anyway.
,Recommended,219640,16092565,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Rami,Everyone reading this review: please use Mousewheelup or Mousewheeldown when fighting in clusters TO AVOID TEAMKILLING. DO NOT USE LMB.
,Recommended,219640,8371304,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Scrunch,"This is definitely the best melee combat game I have ever played. There is a lot of character customization and weapon customization, but also a few noticable bugs. It's made by a very small studio, so you have to give it credit. I strongly recommend this game for anyone who likes FPS games and would also enjoy cutting up someone's limbs and facial tissue."
,Recommended,219640,10600975,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,martyzane,"Connected to a server, got my arm chopped off. Respawned, got my head smashed in... Incredibly amusing."
,Not Recommended,219640,14754572,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,sam,Got the game right when it came out for mac. Was very excited but its just endless bugs and lag. :( Crashes all the time and unplayable with the amount of bugs their are.
76561198056577882,Recommended,219640,5981327,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Muskelmage,You must try the most epic game ever! Not this... but you can try this too :)
76561198059919100,Recommended,219640,6143459,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,KingOfJewishDating,Yo sugar♥♥♥♥♥♥ how about you play this game?
,Recommended,219640,2468243,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,[33rd] Bianco,Medieval people killing more medieval people
76561198007835250,Recommended,219640,2470157,"Posted: 5 December, 2012",all,[BeaR] Aerobear,Fun Hack'n'Slash for the whole family
,Recommended,219640,1692033,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Reddragon,"Lots of fun, Like Medieval Call of Duty!A game you can pick up and put down and have a lot of fun hacking and slashing with friends!lots of different weapon swings, various weapons to choose from. I highly recommend this game. The controls can take some time getting used to due to all the different ways you can swing your weapon however that is what makes this game EPIC."
,Recommended,219640,67200,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,RvB Caboose,This is medieval Counter-Strike Source with swords. Tons of fun once you get the timing down required to kill. 8/10.
76561198097170757,Recommended,219640,8410191,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Red_Like_Rozez,this is a lot of fun
,Recommended,219640,8365876,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Taylor not so swift,10/10 would play again!
76561198048128790,Recommended,219640,7642857,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Anus Infiltrator,Amazing
,Recommended,219640,10362862,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,RhymesWithDoge,"Got my arm cut off. 10/10But seriously, this game is quite amusing. Yes, some classes may be a little OP, but get over it. You're either good or you're not good at Chivalry. The price is a bit high for a game that does lack certain aspects and could definitely be improved. Buy it on sale and have a hell of a time choppin' people up.(Maybe read a few of the negative reviews, but also find some positive ones. The game isn't the worst game in the world, far from it.)EDIT:At the time of writing my review I hadn't played much of this game and since then I've really come to enjoy it. It's a quite fun experience and it both silly and enjoyable to play. It's a great game, made by some great people, and I think you should totlaly play it."
,Recommended,219640,9172824,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sippin',It pretty much is the best medeival combat game out there. It is filled with humor that can be enjoyed with random strangers or you best friends. It is one of my favorite games and I put a lot of effort to become a decent player. The combat system is great with real time swings that can be dragged or interupted. The only bad thing is it doesnt have that much of an american player-base. If you find a server in Europe and you and the server have decent connection your ping should be fine. The devs keep bringing out updates that just add and add to the game.10/10 one of my favorite games ever
,Recommended,219640,14687558,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,TearsOfAutism,"If you enjoy head smashing, dismemberment, screaming, more dismemberment, and 420 degree spins with a long sword then this game is for you."
76561197990696238,Recommended,219640,12112986,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Veli-Matti Jaakonpoika,10/10 gam is siht dot'n buy :))
,Recommended,219640,13050999,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,AsianFro4,Amazing game
76561198033755754,Recommended,219640,11002343,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Tkd Gnome,In this Downs Syndrome simulation you are given broom handles and spitballs and are asked to tee off against the other Downsies
,Recommended,219640,10193866,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Scrimshaw,"Yelling Simulator,  Very erotic. Would play again.8/10"
,Recommended,219640,10855103,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,erick,Other than some occasional server lag spikes this is a hilarious game. Hard at first but when you get good I suggest you go archer and become the best troll on the server.
76561197970026527,Recommended,219640,10668932,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mogwaa,mindless carnage...great fun!
,Not Recommended,219640,26218918,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Cry⑨Blood𝓐𝓬𝓮,This is a good game that I bought for £2.00 but the community is pure toxic it is the type of community you see on games like CS:GO my friend got kicked just because he was a new player on a server we joined almost all the servers are full so it makes it hard to find a decent server and not only that the community is full over competitive idiots who basically kick you for no good reason I actually enjoy the game itself but the servers are just toxic I got kicked twice in a row for no reason even though I asked in the chat why kick?If you are looking for a game for a nice community and good people to play with or just have a laugh about with this game is not for you.
76561198095046175,Not Recommended,219640,9116195,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,7:58,"The game looks very appealing and is fun to play. However, there are many glitches to exploit which makes this game not so enjoyable after getting the hang of it. Also, if you are looking for realism, this is not the game for example, a dagger can block a maul overhead swing  with no problem at all. I've had bad experience with the community with not much good things to say. For example extremely skilled players forming a team in free for all mode and ruining the game for everyone else, people trolling you when you ask a question about controls and tactics. Also, the community looks down upon new players a lot. Furthermore, even after patch after patch, the game is still very buggy, much like a beta. In conclusion, I would highly not recomment spending 25 bucks on this. Simply wait for another game of similar style to come out."
76561198145903962,Recommended,219640,13352419,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Wits,"One of the best massive muiltiplayer games on PC!Just 1 problem...there is this bug where you can't even say the ""go for the objective"" any more.  But, the rest?  All good!If you are into knights, castles, ect.  This is the purrrrfect game for you!"
76561198030544033,Not Recommended,219640,13326575,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Noonga,Too many ♥♥♥♥en updates and community is♥♥♥♥♥♥just like COD's community
,Not Recommended,219640,14221257,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Wahburger™,"don't know if its my net or this games netcode.  but sometimes people go to swing and the animation half asses it, so i hardly ever know when to block.   i usually have to go archer to stay away from all the glitchy swinging and or  annoying teamkilling teamates who spam 3-4 swings at a timeamazing game though, love the idea of it. and the gameplay but cannot recommend this game due to thinking im not the only one with these problems .perhaps that is why this game isnt very popular. the stability issues. not sure, but this is my reveiw so i can say what i want,4/10 do not recommend"
76561198008851583,Not Recommended,219640,13308978,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,martin,Chivalry Medival Warfare is just a rage game with a bad community. The game is very laggy and is not working. The block system i chivalry is not working at all and i would not recommend this game.
,Recommended,219640,21159521,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,skorobogatiy,"сгорела видеокарта, 10 из 10"
,Not Recommended,219640,21633710,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Liquid Biscuit,"New Review 12/11/2016 : After re-installing the game thinking it deserves a second chance i found myself in the same position a last time, ♥♥♥♥ing angry and dissapointed. The game still sucks♥♥♥♥♥and is still completely broken as ♥♥♥♥. Save you money honestly buy something else, this game is stagnant, boring after 10 minutes, broken, has a toxic community, players exploiting broken mechanics that make them near impossible to hit with lazy♥♥♥♥♥attributed hitboxes that have ♥♥♥♥ing minds of there own.If only steam did refunds back when i got this sad excuse for a finished gameORIGINAL REVIEW : Hit boxes are ♥♥♥♥ed. HUUUUGE skill gap between beginer servers and the regular ones, unless you are high on speed or some sort of cardio related drug you cannot play this game, i enjoyed it until i hit level 15, then i just got insta-killed by the rest of the world who seem to know how to hit you everytime spot on and dodge your hits with the absolutly STUPID ""crouch and look at the floor"" stratergy. Any how i have uninstalled this game for it has caused me to experience something i wanted to forget : Rage. I thought this game was fun, I was wrong."
,Recommended,219640,27834354,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kiszø,"Great game, and also highly recommend the deadliest warrior, although it doesnt get updated anymore, its still a great game mode, my favourite."
,Not Recommended,219640,28476607,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Inkydog,"Glad I got this on sale. Its still not worth the price. This game is so poorly made its laughable. Its laggy, mechanics are clunky, and the visuals are just awful."
76561198118608357,Recommended,219640,26051609,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Snuzzler,YOU CAN KILL THE INFEDELSDEUS VULTDEUS VULTDEUS VULTDEUS VULT
,Recommended,219640,22968701,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Baroncroix,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, is exactly what you must be thinking, a Call of Duty with swords and bows. ¿Never played Call of Duty though? The idea is simple, recreating virtually a medieval battles (village invasions, attack a castle, etc.) in which you play either with teams or free-for-all jumping in a massive slaugther, and very accurately, meaning, you can accidentally send your teammate's head flying away if you are not careful.Friendly-""fire""...hmm...friendly-stabs are quite the frequent thing as we humans are imperfect, makes you wonder how many people were probably actually killed on accident because of a badly-timed sword attack. Doesn't hurt to send a little ""Sorry!"" on the chatbox though! It is also possible some people who must have absolute almighty skill for all games  and NEVEEEER hit someone, since in all in his life already knew how to play this game might be set off by this and start ranting and what not on the chat, ignore and keep on, it's part of the fun, all those little accidents. You'll get better with practice, promess.While the controls is something you need to get used to, this game is pretty fun. Running around, beheading people, blocking attacks with your shield, cutting limbs, using the ballista, aiming well your bow. As I said the controls are somewhat difficult to get the hang on at first, it will take a few hours of gameplay to adquire the most basic bit of skill, but it is worth it. This is a game where there's no tutorial skipping. Feels really like a medieval battle, and no, there's no magic, demons, or dragons. Just regular people, with old-fashioned ye olde beheading swords.If you are quite the wealthy fashionista, this game also has an in-game store where you can purchase other kinds of weapons and armor to suit your taste.Is this game for you? Do you enjoy multiplayer battle games and want to try something different? Give this a try, specially when it is on sale (that's when I picked it)."
,Recommended,219640,24335586,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,i'm caleb,It's like Call of Duty with swords and less Mtn Dew.
,Recommended,219640,27869825,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GageAAP,"voted for the ""I'm not crying, There's something in my eye"" because i get an arrow shot in my eye every corner i turn"
,Recommended,219640,27873188,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bandera ;3,"Deus Vult! / 10I've never thought it would be so exciting to be sliced with a two-handed :DYeah, it looks creepy, but gameplay is actually amazing. Have fun on a battlefield and dont bean a33holea crossbow-abuser :3"
76561198069397507,Recommended,219640,12544742,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,NOTORIOUS M.E.M.E,"Teamkill's everywhere, Other than that it's quite a fun game"
,Recommended,219640,11944434,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,lRedPosion,"This is an excellent, unique and fun game, let's point out some things:The combat in this game requires a lot of practice to be good, I'm learning everyday too. Once you get an idea about how the combat works then it's way more fun. The thing that I like the most about this game is the overall concept. Unlike traditional shooters/fps this game takes the same role but then in the medieval time. Which is GREAT. And guess what? IT WORKS!Every battle is thrilling and gets me on the edge of my seat. Slashing off heads never gets any older and I could honestly do it all day. The community and the opportunity to buy awesome skins are both great and growing. The four classes are all equally strong in there own ways and are all awesome.(I do hate archers sometimes though)It's a game that is one of a kind. I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,219640,3852750,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,SynR-G™,"Maybe the best melee combat game ever. The medieval ambience, the music, the battlecry, the battles and duels, everything is addictive. It definitely deserves the Indie of the year award, even though there are some tiny bugs and glitches. 9/10"
,Recommended,219640,11830686,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Iron Dagger,"9/10It doesn't matter if you're the king or the kingslayer... you will be dismembered, decapitated, and set ablaze in a thrilling battle of Dark Age domination"
,Not Recommended,219640,17950794,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Vinni ® +ĐƗ1ØØØ,This game in unplayable on Mac systems.
,Not Recommended,219640,19430961,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Flesh Blunt,Very Very buggy. Worked like a charm when i first launched now it's switching the controls on the fly and I can't keep up with it. Hoping for an update soon so I can enjoy this game. Seems like fun until it started flipping it's♥♥♥♥♥♥on me.
,Recommended,219640,11892743,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,travis,"Spam C then x,x, 2Then get wrecked by some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hogging the catapult 10/10 best game ever"
76561198039319008,Recommended,219640,17548285,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Banjoe,Literally the biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥i've ever played
,Not Recommended,219640,28288108,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Savonian,This will be cancer for newcomers...
,Recommended,219640,31036832,Posted: 9 April,all,Frederik,"Muslim slaying simulator, with this you can get in shape for the next crusade. Deus Vult!"
76561198045801475,Not Recommended,219640,13426310,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,MrPhister,"Started off as an amazing game. Since then, greed and poor design have killed it for me. The bandwidth demands have increased, the ranking system has created an environment of exclusivity, and they've turned to microtransactions to nickle and dime you instead of just selling you a game."
76561198054056977,Recommended,219640,28508998,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hellsing | Alucard,I want to start this review with a warning xDIf you want a super balanced accurate historical sword fighter game... then don't buy chivalry.But if you want hours and hours of fun and fun and intenste fights and duels give it a try for sure.The combat system is easy to learn hard to master.All aboard the archer train !woeeet woeeeet!
76561198082463957,Not Recommended,219640,27590382,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bagool,"I love this game, but can't recommend it to new players. The dev team are a bunch of money-grubbing asshats who don't listen to the community. They screwed us over with the hitbox update WAAYYYYYY back in 2013, despite the fact that it made the game significatly less consistent. They decide to release extremely overpriced skin DLCs, some of which are made BY THE COMMUNITY, instead of fixing bugs that have been in the game since launch. ♥♥♥♥ Torn Banner, and ♥♥♥♥ you if you support them."
,Recommended,219640,12731084,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Psychosis,"dost thou jeer, and t-taunt me in the teeth?"
,Recommended,219640,16103193,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Tank Jr.,"You are this guy right, and he runs around with a sword or dagger or whatever, and he swings it around like there's no yesterday and he cuts the arm of this one dude, who happened to wear something else that the guy we're talking about and all the while, the sun is shining and you hear birds if you listen carefully. There is a main menu for those who are wondering."
,Recommended,219640,13457979,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rattlesnake8,"Chivalry is a great game. Lots of different game modes ranging from team objective and team deathmatch to free for all. Regardless which you play, you will experience medieval combat at it's finest. 4 classes and different weapons and more which become unlocked as you level up. Dismemberment means you will aim for specific body parts when swinging and you have 3 different attacks with swords, spears, axes etc and they all have their purpose.Killing an enemy is very satisfying as it takes skill dodging, blocking and attacking all at the right times. If you want a medieval multiplayer game then pick this up and enjoy."
,Recommended,219640,12702957,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Daxtron2,Its ♥♥♥♥ing dope yo
76561198037459038,Recommended,219640,10134764,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Italian Jesus,"Amazing game, good graphics, and very player-skill oriented. The downside is the community sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Everyone team kills, comments erroniously, and now there are hackers all over the place. Good game but the people suck."
,Recommended,219640,10136030,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Cyb3rPunkk,it is ssooooooo fun
,Recommended,219640,12619422,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,sLY,"An independently created game that you know had to be developed by true PC gamers.  This game has that classic PC FPS feel to it, only it's not your typical FPS; it's wielding swords and shooting arrows.  I had a lot of fun playing this game and will certainly recommend it to others.  Though, I do feel I reached its shelf life a little quicker than most games."
,Recommended,219640,13060958,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,♡ VaginalBliss the Fertile ♡,"This game attracts certain breeds of people-- Trolls, tryhards, crazies, losers, and good players. That being said, if you buy this game be prepared for being called all kinds of vile names and racist slurs at SOME point.I'd say most of my time playing has been enjoyable. There was a huge learning curve at the beginning, and I destroyed a couple mice and put some nasty dents in my desk out of frustration. Once you learn to exploit the mechanics of the game, you'll have a lot of fun.Its unlike any other game I've ever played-- I typically go for FPS and Third Person RPGs. Recommended if you get it on a sale."
,Recommended,219640,13484342,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,President Donald Trump,absolutely fantastic. unlimited fun.
76561198049834273,Recommended,219640,13033759,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Hoops Kerrigan,I loved screaming and running around endlessley with my team. It was also cool when a fight started in the middle of our screaming.I love Shouting simulator 2014.10/10
76561198096630046,Recommended,219640,13041625,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,tatskamies,I can cut off the limbs of dead bodies 5/5
,Recommended,219640,13521159,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[WsG]™ Br0ski ☯,"7.5 out of 10This game is hella fun.FPS hack and slash with a ton of players all in an arena.You will have fun playing this with your friends.Simple tactics, can't go wrong.Enjoyable.I feel like I should put ages 3+ but it's kinda bloody."
,Recommended,219640,17965209,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,GarageToad,"Medieval Counter StrikeWhat can I say that hasn't been said for all the other fans that have posted reviews on Chivalry?I have enjoyed all my time playing this game ever since I got it on sale for 75% off, although now after playing it I could easily see paying the full price had I played the game previously.Graphics: 8.5/10The graphics are pretty damn good.The gore level is appropriate and it's an accomplished feeling when you timed your attack just right to land that fatal low that ends in a decapitation or other dismemberment.The game's environments are well done and I never noticed something ugly that stood out to warrant feeling otherwise.Sound: 9/10Great ambient sound effects that fit the environment, what you're walking on, what other players near you are walking on, water rustling and fires roaring.The music is pretty good too and gets you pumped to start charging into a fight.That CLANG as you parry an attack stands out in my mind.Replayability: 10/10With varied game modes like Free For All, Team Death Match and Team Objectives there's plently of variety in maps to never feel boring.Cons:The only cons I can think of would concern the learning curve for the first few hours of play and I've heard that when the game isn't on sale the player base drops, but I suppose that's to be expected.Overall: 9/10I've put my first 10 hours in the game solo, but this would be great fun with an organized group of friends or a clan and I would recommend this to any fan of Counter Strike, Renaissance Fairs, and just good multiplayer."
,Recommended,219640,17969921,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,丂卂丂卄ㄖhellcase.com.exe,GOOD GAME ! :0
,Recommended,219640,26244199,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Hurakion,This game is so good!
,Recommended,219640,28833902,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,bessell,Gave me a neckbeard
76561198072432475,Recommended,219640,19072973,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Sir Edmund Blair,"Best game, self after 700 hours it still makes fun, at start you get easy mad cause you arent good at all, but until now i have a long history of clans, wars and fights. But what this game make what it is are your comrades in battle and if u play longer than 50 hours you feel how you get better and better, you learn and make your own fighting style. So i would give a 10/10. There are still bugs and glitches, but its good playable. The only thing i would want is a singleplayer with a story would be extreme awesome, or TO/koop missions (pls no more horde)."
,Recommended,219640,19741003,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Skjaere,- Joined a FT10 with -VK- Rick- -VK- Clan thought I was a smurf- Lost FT10 10 - 4- VK Got salty when they lost- Banned me from all their servers10 / 10 would duel again
,Recommended,219640,19886803,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dr. Inco,1/10 didn't look at the tip :'(
,Recommended,219640,12021361,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,hounddog,hammer bad guys 2 win 11/10
76561198067920733,Recommended,219640,12042533,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Megabuhai,"While game depth is certainly not its strength, the pure fun you get chopping of body parts and a spammable war cry makes this game worth it. It is not really that competitive but its fun casually. I would recommend buying it your looking to have some multiplayer fun and like chaoticly awesome battles !"
,Recommended,219640,31302391,Posted: 22 April,all,DANK_M4STER,"This game is pretty good!The combat system is niceThe sounds are good and when you die or kill someone the ""animation"" is well madeBut tbh the DLC Bloodiest Warrior is in my opinien much better then the main game. You can play as Pirate,Samurai,Spartan,Knight,Viking maybe more but i forgot...there are good filled server and the game modes are very nice like FFA,TDM,1v1,Multiteamdeathmatch and more but i dont played all.I rate it 8/10 chopped off heads *nois"
76561198008086464,Recommended,219640,25272396,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Soldier212,"cry babies dont stay long enough to learn how to play, shame"
76561198028403579,Recommended,219640,13190442,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,Do you believe in ghosts?
,Recommended,219640,25628622,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,MKingfisher,SOLID SOLID SOLID SOLIOD SOLID SOLID BUY IT BRUGH. DO IT. STALOim
76561198053836879,Recommended,219640,13043513,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Da Phuc,"""your wife is a hobby horse"" 10/10"
76561198012719502,Recommended,219640,16353171,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hans,"Chivalry is truly the only game of it's kind. For all you who have a skeptical mind about these sorts of games, don't. If you're looking for an amazing medieval combat experience where you actually feel like you're swinging a weapon rather than playing preset animations, then buy the game. HOWEVER, like everyone else is saying, you will die. You will die a lot. And by a lot I mean 10 times more than you'll kill someone.You will improve, over time. I've played about 1,100 hours of the game and I still consider myself a novice. Thus if you wish to be great at fighting, chances are you'll need a lot of patience and practice. It's not like an ordinary hack and slash game like others of its genre. Don't go into chivalry expecting you'll be good at it after playing something like Mount and Blade, or War of the Roses. They are great games too but they are incomparable to chivalry. First off, chivalry is much more responsive(providing pings are fine). It is very fast paced, and very punishing if you make any mistakes.The combat is unique, it's really hard to explain for there's no game existent to compare it to. You will need to practice like a medieval swordsman or an ordinary athlete practices at his craft. There are many things that you must consider and take account for in order to become an exceptional killer. You will need to understand the basic psychology and strategies in combatant engagements, feetwork, and timing above all.I guess to conclude this review, I'd say:If you want to play a very fun hack and slash game with your friends, get chivalry. You'll all die a lot but it'll be well worth it. The game is very comedic and is very good for a few laughs.If you want to play a skill-based competitive game(if you're a serious gamer and into immersion) get chivalry.Chivalry is VERY rewarding when you kill someone, and gets your heart pumping like no other game I've ever experienced.If you don't like getting killed a lot while ascending the VERY, VERY steep learning curve, or if you don't have the patience and get upset easily, don't waste your money. Hit that back arrow key now and go play something that isn't as time demanding for adequacy."
,Recommended,219640,26174241,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Funaksu,nc game
,Recommended,219640,33707796,Posted: 21 July,all,Only.-,Muy difícil pero entrenenido.
,Not Recommended,219640,8816683,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Unfa,"A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I hope Torn Banner never makes another game. Blocking doesn't work half the time, the gameplay is clunky and I'd like to have my 30$ back."
,Recommended,219640,10838423,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,big brotherman,Fun
76561198067280204,Recommended,219640,16076855,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,jimar3000,Great game loved it
,Recommended,219640,10209482,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,[Foxhound] A dud!? ☭,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Block sucks. Guaranteed to frustrate you.
,Recommended,219640,8585324,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ankle juice,"The game is fun and all, but there has been a bug FOR A LONG TIME that is heavily complained about and never fixed, that weapon progression stats reset all the tinme. Besides this, it is a fun game if you can overlook that downside."
76561197974908025,Not Recommended,219640,18925213,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,A Few Manuvers,"I love that Chivalry and War of the Roses have tried to replicate sword combat in a game instead of giving you a series of preset skills and letting you cycle through a dps order.Chivalry tried to design a game that would make use of feinting and trickery to outsmart your opponents, which would have been great but they failed in two major ways.1.  The animations do not do a very good enough job of syncing up with the actual gameplay, its needs to be pretty much bang on unlike other types of games to preserve the integrity of the system.2. When you program a game in which precise movement is key like this, even 50 ms of lag from a player will ruin it, and you cant get away from lag online.The end result is a game in which players find ways to exploit the incorrect animations and lag to make their movements difficult to predict visually.  You will see players doing 360 spins at you, fighting you while bent 90 degrees backward, you will get hit by a guy whos animation says hes blocking instead of swinging.  You will see knights in full armor jump 1 foot in the air to avoid a blade 3ft high that passes straight through their body and worse.I really want to see a good game like this, I hope the next guys get it right."
,Recommended,219640,8277460,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,clownerino,"This game is great, and I highly recommend it. But there was one mistake that was made.No more firstperson death cams?! How could you, developers!"
76561198007653739,Recommended,219640,10633874,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,eyesee.wiener,1) Aaaaarrrrggghhhhhh!!!...Yooooooooh!!!...Waaaaahhhh...!!!2) Chop. Chop. Smash3) Respawning in 7 seconds...4) Aaaaarrrrggghhhhhh!!!...Yooooooooh!!!...Waaaaahhhh...!!!10/10
76561198011415932,Recommended,219640,13539402,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Broseph Stalin,you either die a noob  or live long enough to see yourself get called a hacker
76561197985664092,Recommended,219640,12689111,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,woodywoodrow,Had both arms cut off so i proceded to attack with my head.10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,13073179,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Jazz Solo Cup,"I don't recommend this game because, it sucks mostly but once I bought the game and started playing it dramtically reduced my computers performace. High frame games that I used to get hundreds of frames on dropped to 10. Games that I did'nt get through steam dropped those frames too. Even browsing online and searching for things on any web browser has now been torn to absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ So I end with this, give me a damn refund because I spent over 300 dollars to get my computer repaired, and at what cost? All my computer's files and downloads that's what."
,Recommended,219640,23532818,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Q`tulhu,Perfect hitboxes
76561198155275210,Recommended,219640,23601559,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,The Doctor,funny game to spend some time
76561197987519510,Not Recommended,219640,31394574,Posted: 27 April,all,.::THE MATRIX::.,This game simple feels unfinished and left alone would not recommend !
,Not Recommended,219640,26062971,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,I b ł ҲΛ 暗部,"Honestly this game is quite bad, for $25 (at least for my country) you get free bugs and glitches. Its just a waste of time, just buy it during the sale"
,Recommended,219640,11670984,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Walruse,"Despite what many reviews say, this game is great. The combat is intense and immersive and provides for an overall fun experience especially when playing with friends. 1v.1 fights are absolutely incredible especially when both people are decent at the game. I have had this game for only a few days and I can tell that i will love it and spend many hours of my life playing it."
,Recommended,219640,11076469,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,spoopmaster,FOR THE ORDER!!!!
,Recommended,219640,13129862,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Black Smoke,free for all is worse than nuketown.  10/10
76561198119554900,Recommended,219640,13294253,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Mr. GoFuckYourself,"This game is an funny, skill and tactical game.There are lots of good aspects of the game. First of all I would like to say, that it is very good for beginners. 'Cause of the very good tutorial you learn how to play it on a fast way, full of entertainement.In game, you would enjoy playing. The gameplay is realistic and varied. Also it has a bit of tactic.I could only recommend this game to everyone, who is interested in realistic medival battles and don't care that much about grafic.On the technical side, the game isn't very good. You can see through your hands. The running animation is very bad and the grafic is not good but not ugly. But this isn't important, and I hardly didn't care about while playing.I hope this was a good review."
,Not Recommended,219640,11498671,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,[34WFT] Hakino,"This is a classic case of a game going from great to terrible because of awful updates, fixes to things that dont need changing, no fixes to things that need fixing, and adding features into the game that break it. This is a multiplayer game with a huge learning curve that is made even more complicated by the fact that it is easily exploitable. Save the money and don't by this game in my opinion. I have wasted alot of hours on this game so I know what I am talking about."
76561198054529973,Recommended,219640,10859348,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nazgul,"Great fun, First Person Sword fighting. Deadliest Warrior DLC is epic... Playing as a Spartan never gets old... Good all-round game for when you ""have nothng to play."" Enjoy. =)"
,Recommended,219640,28441095,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,JediJimbo1,"Chivalry:Medieval Warfare is an interesting game to say the least. It’s incredibly fun, yet stupidly broken. Sometimes the brokenness is fun, others it is annoying. The game boasts “realistic” sword fighting. The sword fighting is not “realistic” per say, but more complex and in-depth. The combat can get really glitchy and annoying. Blocks don’t work, random arrows etc. The horde modes can be fun, but are sometimes too difficult to do properly. You have to resort to cheap tactics such as running around fire (causing the enemies to run into the fire) and making bigger enemy’s kick smaller ones into spikes. Though these tactics can sometimes be funny and enjoyable.Tl; DRPros*Fun*Complex combat*Stupidly broken*Horde mode can be funCons*annoying glitches*overpowered weaponsI’m going to give it a……7.5/10"
,Recommended,219640,13023004,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,IndigoJinx,"Game is cool, runs nice etc. the default buttons on the X360 for Windows pad are VERY counterintuitive... at least it supports it now though. In My personal opinion in battle arena games dying in 5 secs or less is quite unfun (MANY gamers would agree), but it is setup how the devs want I guess, I wonder if they're aware that it'd be more popular with say 3x the HP per spawn?!? *rolls eyes* I digress, the game runs/looks nice, has LOTS of options, the maps are cool (plus there's lots of maps/modes), & fit in nicely, the bots are obnoxiously good, which ruins offline practice IMO, but all, & all isn't bad for the current ""sale"" price (personally I wouldn't pay full price for it, unless I felt like getting enraged a lot dying every few secs due to the nature of the game), you may like this if swordfighting seems cool to you, BUT beware there are arrows, grenades, throwing axes etc. so it isn't JUST swords."
,Not Recommended,219640,15741996,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,What is this?!,"If you enjoy the laggy, broken, unplayable mess that is Dark Souls PvP, then you'll love this game. If you enjoy games that actually function on a mechanical level, I'd look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,219640,26917330,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DiabeticCat,"♥♥♥♥♥game,♥♥♥♥♥♥community"
,Recommended,219640,9446475,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,[63e] Elronado,Best game I ever been done had done with had meant played.
,Recommended,219640,5986654,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Goalie,Fight FORRR THEEE ORRRRDAAAAAAAAAH and kill Agathinian scum whilst inviting burly men to help you with your codpiece
,Recommended,219640,8792807,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Heisse,i cut someones head off and yelled numerous amounts of times at my opponent11/10
,Not Recommended,219640,15613953,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,LodenSL,"Nobody has any honor in the game. Everyone interupts fights. The lag is detrimental. The hit boxes are extremely not well done, sometimes your sword will go straight through someone without anything happening. Other times you will clearly block and attack but it will still hit you; unplayable. In a game the revolves around timing and acuracy, having inacurate hitboxes and delayed attacks due to lag is inacceptable."
76561198141209007,Not Recommended,219640,27069940,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Baguadite,Very bad game.  The combat is broken.
,Not Recommended,219640,32333159,Posted: 10 June,all,BroodReaver,"I owned this game and supported it ever since it came out. I played with this game non-stop. It was really fun and challenging back then and I really enjoy the competition. I love this game so much I bought 3 copies for my 3 steam accounts. I was one of the first few high rank players but I quit because I did not like the direction they're going ever since they established their own Office. I came back after 3 years, the game is pretty much dead, toxic community, hard to find a decent server and most high rank players are using an exploit (Reverse overhead rainbows and horizontal rainbows). It's like you'll lose a 1 on 1 fight if you are not using the exploit.The servers for new players/low ranks, is like an illusion, it will make you believe that it is a good game with fair mechanics and decent players but after you pass level 16, after you got thrown into the real servers, you will start to see what's wrong with this game. Bugs and imbalances that plagues the game 3 years ago are still there. I'm dissapointed with the Torn Banner team. The community used to be friendly and helpful back in the day, ever since Kim left as the community manager, the community falls apart and became cancerous.The game is still far better than For Honour but I dont recommend you to buy this game, only get this if it is offered for free.P.S. Your teammates are still far more dangerous than your enemies."
,Recommended,219640,20269106,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,twitch.tv/rljupiter (offline),"SHORT REVIEWThis game is amazing. I got it for90% OFF.PriceSale PriceCDN$ 27.99CDN$ 2.79The gore, the absolute luscious animations, the hilarious body glitches,EVERYTHINGin this game is fantastically put together, complete with outstanding maps. I recommend this to people that played games like H1Z1 (fighting with guns), people that like sword fighting games, and overall, everyone."
76561198084253443,Recommended,219640,15116083,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Tank Johnson,this game is fun as butts!!
,Recommended,219640,19776193,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Mr. Ragersword,TOXIC COMMUNITY
,Recommended,219640,5669787,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Hawkstein,"Are you tired of shooting-cowards and you're looking for something more melee balanced? Wait no more! Chivalry is what you're looking for. In this game, you can cut   limbs, cut heads, bloodshed, spin-to-win, and much much more! Hurry up and stab your sword into your sissy enemies who still believe that they are under the protection of a gun! KILL THEM JOHNNY, KILL THEM ALL!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,706032,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,carpwrist,"In order to be get the full Chivalry experience you need to do two things that no one ever does in an FPS game: play the tutorial and then get drunk. Once you've stumbled into the mindset of fight, kill, run the ♥♥♥♥ away from the guy coming at you with a polearm there's only one last tip you need in order to truly GET this game. Press ""c"". Press it. Keep pressing it. The ♥♥♥♥ are you doing not pressing ""c""? YOU'RE NOT METAL UNLESS YOU'RE PRESSING C IN FRONT OF YOUR SLAIN ENEMY(IES if you're drunk and quit giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥.Now that you've got the most important mechanic down (again that's pressing ""c"" if you're afraid of allcaps) you're free to drink (seriously this game is great under the influence), slay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s like Carl, get slain (you're going to get your head cutt off and watch it tumble), and have one of the most brutal experiences online (only). The developers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who don't press ""c"" and didn't include a LAN mode to Chivalry."
76561198069373919,Recommended,219640,27475937,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Frank  J. Underwood,"you will love it , if you like medieval"
,Not Recommended,219640,26664752,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,PoiTSR,"Broken game mechanics that the devs call ""features"" do not but will only be fun on free weekends. Also has the most toxic community that will make this game no fun to play."
76561198006075780,Recommended,219640,26434068,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,‖ǤǤ‖strongindependentwoman,BEST GAME EVER. 200% better than fps shooters.
,Recommended,219640,15700804,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,DOCTERKEELU,Everyone should play Chivalry. Valuable life lessons to be learned here.Q to win
,Not Recommended,219640,18065118,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Niirah,"It can be fun.Then the high ranked players join and stack a team.Then you deal with constant feints and drags, ""reverse overhead"" swings with the maul, resulting in instant death.It's fun if you get join a server with players mainly your own rank. Is it worth the money? No. Is it enjoyable? Sometimes."
76561198027227672,Recommended,219640,13002456,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ninjamonkey,"took 2 tomahawks to the face, still chopped off the guys head10/10 would take axe to the face again"
,Not Recommended,219640,27846677,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dongle Fetch,Game isn't fun anymore. Used to have a ton of non-stop action and fun in this game but sadly it has been ruined by high ranks and ballerinas who seek only to manipulate the mechanics to their will. This game will be dead soon.
,Not Recommended,219640,3269374,"Posted: 9 May, 2013",all,Sir Pooty Poot,"This game has one of the most toxic communities I have ever met, the game might be fun for some but the community has completly ruined it for me."
76561198170255946,Not Recommended,219640,20313165,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Undead_Commander,"A very ###### game. Horrible teamwork. Team killers, 'allies' who intentionally block you while shooting arrows to vote to kick you. That was my introduction. Never playing again."
76561198134105180,Not Recommended,219640,22202570,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,sixstarrs,votekick simulator 2016
,Recommended,219640,23867314,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,lawgekk,"You either play this game long enough to see yourself become good , or you play long enough to see yourself get banned from every server there is .Other than that its a good game ."
76561198026398393,Not Recommended,219640,10337855,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,SilverWolf,This game is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198062651893,Recommended,219640,19682170,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ENDERHART,I have met countless amounts of friends just by playing this game and the game itself is all out fun to play the only concern for this game is the *sshole ballerina guys who dodge attacks and the game Promotes *ssholery by saying how to do it but other than that i reccomend this game highly
76561198212255663,Not Recommended,219640,34021564,Posted: 4 August,all,Kataiman Artalra,No one plays it anymore
76561198077280241,Recommended,219640,23796287,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sairoden,Bayblade Simulator 2016
,Recommended,219640,4898437,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,Starwbreri,"If you enjoy sword/bow fighting, GET THIS!"
76561198043809998,Recommended,219640,13164008,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,NoBeardNoMan,"One of the best games i played, perfect combat system, best community i have ever seen in an online game, only if it had more servers/players :)"
76561197979472598,Recommended,219640,21615852,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Meowschwitz [OG],The meta is strong with this one.
,Recommended,219640,12335152,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,RELLIK,Autism + Swords = Chivalry.
76561198054655911,Recommended,219640,23915983,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nouzumi,"Chivalry is one of my favourite games on steam. As a man who loves medieval warfare and the brutalness of it this game is all I need. Nothing feels as good as winning a duel against a worthy opponent or charging a wall of shields with you and a few friends and emerging victorious. This game for me is a stress reliever. I would recommend to anyone who wants to try something different with customisation, a rank up system and weapon unlocks."
76561198060139182,Recommended,219640,26056074,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,fukboiii,10 капитанов воробьев из 10
,Not Recommended,219640,29859919,Posted: 11 February,all,Corgi,The game is filled with low peasantry.- Rage kicked for taunting enemy- Some guy runs circles around and doing reverse overheads- Pay to look pretty- Glitchy- Kicked for low ping- Kicked for not accepting a duel- kicked for feinting
,Recommended,219640,26141110,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Clairvoyant.,"Pros:>Superb fighting mechanics.>Well thought out maps and game modes.>Classes are pretty well balanced, there is no class you can just pick and insta win.>Being good at it is highly skill dependent, you can't just pay to make your warrior a buFF♥♥♥♥♥STEAK.Cons:>Customization menu is rather buggy and unpleasant, also not a fan of people being able to make themselves look neither blue nor red, confusing ingame.>Not so satisfying xp system. My suggestion is having a menu in which you can see your chivalry profile, how much xp you have, how many kills and deaths you've dealt across all your games, kind of like the battlefield battle log, i think the devs should definitely look into that.>Needs more unlockable(non-payed) weps.Overall score: 7.5/10"
76561198143032546,Recommended,219640,31692335,Posted: 11 May,all,Littleninja1,I highly recomend this game. It is unique in terms of fps games. The graphics are great and the game is teamwork based.
,Not Recommended,219640,34349137,Posted: 19 August,all,Crazed,"weird hitboxes, broken attacks, broken weapons, broken game."
76561198254768139,Recommended,219640,31175413,Posted: 16 April,all,☢ tactical_bomb ☢,most chaotic multiplayer game i've ever played xD (don't buy this game if you want a realistic gameplay)
,Recommended,219640,10884931,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ectsy,"2 hours of my life wasted on a game that includes blood, stabing, more stabing, getting shot by random arrows, and again more stabing....best game of 2020! Get this game if you love taking down forts as the Mason Order or if you love preventing these raids as the Agatha Knights! 10/10 would smash!"
,Recommended,219640,27217209,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SoloTOV,"Great medieval game.Got some awesome moments from this.Pros:+Medieval style warfare+Combat system is unique,immersive and fun.+Atmoshpere+Wide range of weapons to use+Desmember physicsCons:-Can be hard to new players-Hit detection system is a joke8/10"
76561197990551406,Not Recommended,219640,19684594,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,"The Strength Of 10,000 Babies","For someone who has put over 900 hours and bought a few skins, I experienced how this once fun and competitve game go right down the toilet. Keep in mind I've been playing since the release of the polehammer and quarterstaff were new weapons.The netcode has gotten worse, skins can visually break your character both in 3rd and first person, the devs are focused on only making a quick buck instead of fixing game breaking bugs, the price of the game is OUTRAGEOUSLY high (this game was once free at one point, and five bucks during steam sales), desync is still prominent during duels, and player skill is dictated by exploits in the engine. I have used these exploits many times before. Was this game fun back then? Yeah it was, and it was my primary game on steam for the longest time in my library. To add more icing to the cake, THE GAME IS STILL IN BETA FOR NEARLY OVER 3 YEARS NOW.I honestly believe for the longest time now, that the devs just gave up on their project after quoting this from a video from them ""None of us really know what we are doing.....""https://youtu.be/afuMv8OMMtE?t=103Would you want to pay $25 to an indie dev company ""That really doesn't know what they are doing?"""
,Not Recommended,219640,17523128,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Demilich_CZ,"This game was good and fun like a year ago. After releasing the patch that made it available to people on MAC, things went really seriously wrong. The game was dumbed down to be ""easy"" for everyone, meaning that skill in playing this game no longer coutns for anything like in the past. The weapons are sometimes even awkwardly slow and do not collide properly with players. All the fighting ,especially in duels, boiled down to doing triple feints to kill someone.Not fun anymore. More frustration than real satisfaction of old duels and skill. I've spent over 150 hours in this game and feel privileged to say that Torn Banner studios has ruined this game in the progress of time... unfortunately."
76561198036564833,Recommended,219640,21267838,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Valskalle,Glorious medieval first-person decapitation and dismemberment. Awesome weapon-fighting mechanics. What more could you ask for?
,Not Recommended,219640,24718899,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,UnkownCK,Ruined by exploits in the game that the devs dont care to fix.THANK THE LORDS FOR HONOR IS COMING SOON!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,17673830,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,cactus,"I tried to have fun with this. I really did. But weird connection issues that I've never had happen on any other game and constant death sucked any enjoyment out of me.Personally, I feel like none of the classes work for me. I'm either too weak to survive a laggy greatsword as the man-at-arms, or too slow to hit someone before I get knocked out of my swing as a knight, and. I either miss the vanguard's charge completely or get someone behind my actual target.Even then, all fights play out the same. Whoever gets hit first will always lose. You swing, they block. You feint then swing, lag compensation will still block. You thrust, it misses. Overhead, it misses. You block, they swing and hit your side. They thrust, it hits your feet. They overhead, it cracks your skull. You think they feint since their swing stopped, then their halberd is inside your chest.Sure, I could join a team objective server and try to actually play the objective, but it just turns into a mosh pit at chokepoints. There may be two or three people guarding the caravans or pushing the battering ram, but everyone else is in the town square wildly swinging and killing as many of their teammates as they are enemies.Either after someone sneaks around and does the objectives with zero interference or the time runs out, the game mode changes to either TDM (see: mosh pit in town square) or free-for-all (mosh pit in town square but you can kill everyone with no penalties) and the cycle repeats."
,Recommended,219640,17733611,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,•҉Jake,"Game is fun to mess around with friends. I started off just 1v1ing my friend once or twice everyday. It soon turned into an addiction. Ive found myself playing this game everyday, competitively and have already reached the Golden Status that is Rank 50 with under 600 hours. The game has its mechanics that can be a little bit triggering but at the end of the day there isnt any game quite like chivalry."
76561198059681110,Not Recommended,219640,17551085,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Broodje Rosbief ;),"Used to be a really good game, but now, not anymore! Won't even launch most of the times, and if it does it causes my pc to freeze completely. Can't even launch task manager then, must do a hard reboot. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥developers...."
76561198168409272,Not Recommended,219640,17657617,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,R'hllorChrist,game is bugged everybody useing this bug  when atackink looking upwards . and you cant blocking this atack because you cant seeing blasde's move
,Recommended,219640,20575295,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Klas,Git gud and stop crying about rainbows and dragging.
,Not Recommended,219640,29265425,Posted: 14 January,all,mini nut,the game made me react to interactions in real life by doing rainbow strikes and stabbing heads off
,Recommended,219640,8126515,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Crazyonehull,Avoid this game it's so buggy depsite how old it is and unrealistic
,Not Recommended,219640,15759537,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Harkon Vasa,"It is never the game that is bad, it is always either the developers or the players that are bad. Here it is the PLAYERS fault, Garbage pice of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, but it is fun if you like to beat your head to a wall. ;)Bow before the players who abuse the games terrible physics and hit bars. >:()"
76561198071244222,Not Recommended,219640,21490159,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Fr0zen,"The votekick system ensure that every several games I get kicked for no reason whatsoever, the community is more toxic than league and has more trolls. Also expect every high level play to exploit extremely unfair game mechanics such as turning around and using a overhead swing which will cause things like mauls that are normally extremely slow but very damaging to instantly hit, often killing. Awful community, game issues that the devs will never fix. I do not recommend this game."
76561198009852708,Not Recommended,219640,18672040,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Zodd the Immortal,"After extensive play time, I have finally concluded my thoughts on the game.  Don't waste your time. Most of the community is toxic, very rarely will you come across decent people.  The gameplay becomes very gimmicky and illogical very quickly.  You may learn to counter everything, but unless your putting hours of gameplay in, you will regress.  I have had good times but for every good game youll have a bad one and its those you will remember the most. Teams quickly become unbalanced in public servers. This happens when most if not all the people around rank 40+ are on the same team, this is known as team stacking. Team stacking is an issue that can be combated by playing with a clan competitively, but even then there are alot of indecent people you will come across at that level of gameplay. At the competitive level most clans will play on a modded version of the game, so you will have to relearn how to play to a certain degree.Hit boxes and hit tracers can allow for you to be killed by a hilt, a shaft that has no leverage, and portions of the swing that should not deal full damage.  The game gets gimmicky very quickly due to dragging, reverses and feints. Feints are extremely powerful more so than they should be. This is because of look downs, accels, and reverses being so incredibly fast. Never in my time playing did anyone ever read my accel or reverse feints(nor could I read theirs if they did).  Dragging to slow the swing of a weapon is very illogical only because you will receive full damage from the swing despite it going the speed of a fruit fly.  Reverses are gimmicky because you receive full damage from them despite there being no distance for the swing to gather force.All in all I've had great games, good ones, and bad ones, but in the end it wasn't worth the amount of hours, consistent effort, and frustration to get better."
,Not Recommended,219640,19275964,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Kronic,"Even after buying this game, having paid the amount, I found out there's micro transactions throughout the game. So honestly... ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Recommended,219640,19534709,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,brax,"Super fun with friends, great teamplay and graphics."
76561198011752320,Not Recommended,219640,21754065,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,HappyAxes,"This game is just♥♥♥♥♥♥and devs are just♥♥♥♥♥♥ no updates, lots of bugs, devs has no plan for update and are happy with the game as it is, and this game needs lots of update. i will not recommend this game.Update:the current state of the game i will say it not even a beta game, i talk to the devs an they said :  we are no longer making gameplay or balance changes.yeah no more game play and balance changes. thats greatthis game:bots are the worst they cant fight what so everonly 8 - 10 mapsunstable fpsnot very real mechanics ( spinning/tactics and unreal classes )bad and unreal weapons choiceslots of bugs in the mapsbad communitysometimes you can get kick from the server for no reason (ppl are the worst)i will still not recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,219640,21637186,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Syn Souljah,use to be great now just full of drag queens and super lame
76561198056232879,Not Recommended,219640,26409884,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Fidel Casserole,"Alright so, I've had this game for YEARS and the game started off amazing. For a while it was my favorite game and I really enjoyed playing it, but after a while they started releasing patches nerfing things, which really seems to have more damaged the game than made it ""balanced"" and better. Now Chivalry is over-run by ""ballerinas."" A ballerina is essentially a person in the game that has found a way to exploit the spinning and combat of it. They pretty much can hit you twice in one swing, by dragging and doing 180s. By dragging they can litterally make you block and drag their mouse away from you and essentially ""resetting"" their swing back to where they started swinging. This gets REALLY annoying after a while. At this point I'm not really sure if I would recommend this game because of how awfully broken it is with all the ballerinas. It's not really skilled anymore it's more just who can exploit the game more."
,Not Recommended,219640,10004930,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,CptTripps907,"After 500 hours of play, I can say they have broken everything good about this game and didn't fix any of the things that needed fixing.  Wait for someone to do it right.  It lags, is still unoptimized (it's unreal engine, they have had plenty of time and it should run like butter), and has too many exploits that have never been fixed.  The game is now plagued with twirly, glitchy players who have no interest in the fun that comes from using moves one would actually be able to perform in a sword fight.  They should have spent time making it fun again instead of focusing on IAP for helmets and an even worse expansion pack."
,Not Recommended,219640,28727185,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zapstone,"Horrible game, horrible swordplay, horrible community, horrible maps."
76561198131319931,Not Recommended,219640,34640748,Posted: 31 August,all,Elkkukissa,"Game is hidiously exploited, its all fine and dandy when youre in low level servers but when you hit normal servers its like ♥♥♥♥ing puberty.Ballerinas, ballerinas, So many high rank people who just want to exploit the game mechanics, oh. and dont forget the other things like people almost hugging you to get that insta-hit with the overhead while looking down. Ballerinas are the worst though. theyll just do some spin attack to basically confuse you and then do a reverse overhead to make you feel even worse, then theres things like blocking that should make you feel easier but opponent attacks just hit through even when youre in that RIGHT angle at the RIGHT time,and it pisses me off.Good thing Mordhau is coming up. I dont have to deal with this♥♥♥♥♥♥game and its creators saying ""we cant fix this"""
,Not Recommended,219640,28849921,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Android,"Maybe if this game had just come out I would recommend, but DON'T try to get into this game late.Based on the global achievement statistics on steam, 98.9% of people that buy this play less than 80 hours.  For a multiplayer game, thats a little low IMO.  I got my enjoyment out of the game by dominating the so called ""newb servers"".  You shortly place out of those and are thrust into a vastly different game where the players use external mouse settings to drag weapons unbelievably fast, or crouch and contort their bodies in formulated, calculated ways in order to deal out damage without receiving any in return.Many will read this and say ""mad cause bad"" but I am not mad.  I'm sad, because I wanted a fun, semi-realistic medieval combat game, but this became Medieval CODField of HonorDuty, full of exploits, and buggy mechanics.  Really a shame.I am, however, very excited for Mordhau, as that game sets out to be a somewhat realistic medeival combat sim and not a ballerina dancing, sword fighting combo.  <3"
,Not Recommended,219640,30045374,Posted: 19 February,all,Hikkachoo,"Its good for a bit, but it suddenly gets really stale really quickly, i bought it on sale and i say that i made my money back (it was like £3). But dont buy this game if it is on full price, i seriously wouldn't recommend it."
76561197970249122,Not Recommended,219640,20357381,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Monshi,Dont buy this game. Its full of old players that just like to exploit the game mehanics.
,Not Recommended,219640,15808063,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Iron-Ox,You have to pay for weapons in a game that you already paid for = =
,Not Recommended,219640,14476686,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Striker45,"Would I recommened? No, the developers for this game are horrible and leave buggy code update after update. There is one particular nasty bug that never keeps your rank, or even resets your rank and unlocks JUST CAUSE. It's lots of fun, heck, its just like COD prestige except there is no benefit and it happens ALL THE TIME. Google it.If that wasn't fun enough, you get the pleasantry of dealing with the fantastic community that plays this game. Which is teamkillers, and more teamkillers.Great game. 10/10."
,Recommended,219640,27684174,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Der_GeisT,For the Orden!
76561197996570057,Not Recommended,219640,20634931,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Goggles,"This game has the most toxic community in multiplayer gaming.Never before have I seen a game where so many will do so much to defend their right to exploit the game mechanics to within a quantum of absurdity and merely call this 'high level play'.If you've read other reviews detailing how the game mechanics have not been addressed in patches, this is the reason. The game is not fixed because the overwhelming majority of the community actively wants to do everything short of outright cheat (and sometimes they do cheat), they have made this view very vocal on the forums for years, and Torn Banner will not risk losing them.There is a really fun game underneath here, but it will never be fixed, and even if Torn Banner makes something else, I'd be very wary that it isn't tarnished by this development and community. If you can get the game cheap, go ahead and buy it to try it out, play it with friends, but you will encounter unbelievable frustration from people who just want to stomp matches with swing dragging and third person exploits (for an example you can be instantly hit by an overhead attack if someone is facing away from you and at the sky when they enter their active attack frames). But I'd really recommend avoiding the game completely by this time, with the incestuous and toxic diehard community the only thing left, the height of Chivalry has more than long since past. All that is left is one of the most ironic titles in gaming."
76561197985995012,Not Recommended,219640,33677784,Posted: 20 July,all,Gibby,"This review isn't about gameplay mechanics. Yes, people do a lot of ballerina moves and it can be cheap at times, but once you figure out how these moves are done, they can be easily countered. No, this review is about the toxic community, but worse, the horrible admins.Players in the East and Central time zone are few. During peak times, you'll be lucky to see about 50 across the servers. Just about everyone plays on the OFFICIAL servers because they have fair rules, and if caught violating the rules, you can be banned. There's ups and downs with that, until you get wrongfully accused of something and you get banned. And if you get banned from one OFFICIAL server, you get banned from all of them. So no more playing against other players for you. But you get a chance at an ""appeal"" at their forums. If they deny your request, you are basically screwed and can no longer enjoy the game.So If you get this game and for anyone that is playing, I'll leave you a hint: Don't be too good. I'm mediocre at best, and one day when I was playing, I was at the top with a K/D of 9/2. I was just lucky because no one was decent on at the time. No one feinting, no one doing ballerina moves... was great! Admin accused me of speed hacking and before I could say ""what?"" bam! Got the perma banned. Also, after waiting 7 days for an answer, my appeal was DENIED. So, wrongfully accused guy can't play this game anymore, but guys that purposely ruin the game (TK, throw firepots in teammates' spawn, abuse voting system) AND imitate being a server admin get second chances.There's a reason that people don't stick around. Game is pretty good. I like it. It's crap admins that love to take your money and render your game essentially useless that gets to people. Can't believe I gave those♥♥♥♥♥♥♥money.REMEMBER everyone... don't be too good! If everyone is sucking, you suck too if there is an admin on!"
,Not Recommended,219640,21412410,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,nice,Gay
76561198086758919,Recommended,219640,23719475,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Bansource,For the glory of Agatha
76561198184886877,Recommended,219640,20057757,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jose,"While this game is hard, frustrating, and harash on begineers, it doesn't make it a bad game. Devs should take out teamkilling + make a tutorial for begineers + Make a level 15-25 server. Nothing is more satisfying then chopping off an opponet's head."
,Recommended,219640,26118124,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mind Street,"♥♥♥♥ing brutal!Intense and Immersive!This game turned me into a medieval homicidal axe wielding maniac!Whenever you're down, play this game!(wish I'd started playing this earlier)Torn Banner, Take a bow! :)WAAAAHHHAHAHHA... LAAAHHH. LETS JUST ♥♥♥♥ING CHAAARGEE! I DON'T CARE!!!!!!!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!Update: This game has stood the test of time."
,Not Recommended,219640,16409827,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Buzz Lightyear,"This was a good game at a start then it turned into a huge play to win game. Even with all of that revenue, they still dont fix patches or updates. It is soo poorly optimized that on two 980s in sli it still gives me major lag spikes and an average fps of 40 with the highest at 45. Terrible game with optimizations and consumer support. The player base as well has turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥ you get kicked all the ♥♥♥♥ing time for no reason or for some stupid team kill that was their fault."
,Not Recommended,219640,16938347,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ｇｕｃｃｉ,"Short Review---------Game Pros:Lots of ActionsLevelsModded ServersGoreAll the Different SwordsTeam ObjectiveFun CombatCustomizationGame Cons:High Ranked PlaysBad Community90% of the time will play with High Ranks^Unfair AdvantagesLots of BugsCrashes most of the timeOverall Bad Expirience.-----------------------Detailed Review-----------------------Chivalry Medieval Warfare is overall a fun game, I played the training and was happy with the four classes i've had to choose from, and thought the training was a great expirience, but then I join multiplayer. I was going against High Ranked Players, VS beginners. It was a very unfair advantage and decided to join another server. A minute later I start to lag. (Keep in mind I have a very good computer) Bugs were everywhere, and my teamates were killing me. I said to myself alright one more server, I join another server and again, there were high ranked players playing against us at a unfair advantage. BUT overall this game is very cool and packed with action, if it wasn't for all the bad expiriences i've played with, I would defenitly give this a thumbs up but for now, thumbs down. They need to fix the game a bit, and making a good ranking system, High Ranks- Play with High Ranks. Low Ranks- Play with Low Ranks. It would be so much better and would make the game a much better expirence but they have none of that and for the reasons i've stated, I do not recommend this game."
76561198088076912,Not Recommended,219640,25990768,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Lenny,Its ♥♥♥♥ing trash. Dont let me get into it. It just ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.
,Not Recommended,219640,25934728,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Assassin-_--,Torn Banner has left this game a broken mess. The only way win a fight is to speed up/slow down the swing and abuse things that make the game not fun. They will never fix this game and it's sad beacuse I have been playing off and on since 2013.
,Recommended,219640,26054200,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,乙 | JahnMan,Great game if you have the time and patiance to get good.
,Not Recommended,219640,31755610,Posted: 14 May,all,Čezyna,"This game is fun, but the community is incredibly cancerous, abusing various broken mechanics and weapons, and overall turning a fun game into a total ♥♥♥♥♥how that youcan'tenjoy"
,Recommended,219640,22619842,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Péro ve vysavači,"If you like knights, swords and s*it like that, this game as I like to call it ""Infidel Punishing Simulator"", is obviously a lot of fun. But seriously... Dude.. in which game you can destroy your opponent's head with your fist?The combat system is brilliant, however few gaps can be found.Just if you wanna know, there are two sides Agatha Knights and Mason Order who are in a war.... I dunno why, maybe they just were bored.There are I think four or five gamemodes :(LTS) Last Team Standing - It's a classic showdown between two teams in order to slaughter each other, till one color will be left breathing.(TO) Team Objective - This mode is kind of simmilar to CTF, one team is defending, the other one is attacking. I like the variety of scenarios on this one. Personally, this mode is the best for me.(TDM) Team Deathmatch - Pretty much the same as LTS, but it's not for rounds, it's just for the kills. Oh, and you get to respawn in this one.(FFA) Free for All - The ultimate slaughter, as I like to call this one. In this mode, you are for yourself, it's just you and your blade, or mace, or whatever the f*ck you using. I said that the TO is the best for me, but this one is deffinetly the funniest one.The classes?The game offers 4 playable classes :Archer - Uses the variety of Bows, Crossbows, Javelins and a slingshot.... Yeah... really.For his melee weps he uses daggers and short swords.He's not the fastest one, but he's surly the trickiest one. If you master this class, You are silent, but deadly.Man at Arms - Uses Broadswords, Maces, Axes. For secondaries he's pretty much the same as the Archer.He's the fastest s*it in this game, but he's really weak in case you take damage. He can also use firebombs.He has a special abillity.... which you triger with the key ""V"" combined with a sideways direction.We're talking about dodge to be clear.Vanguard - The absolute slaughterer. He uses Two-handers, Polearms, or even thing that looks like Pitchfork, oh... and a Spear. These weps in combination with his special abillity ""charge"", which is triggered with just sprinting for a while, is a deadly choice, but for the enemy.Vanguard is my absolute favourite one. I really recommend him for starters.Knight - The most mainstream s*it of all these... The Knight is a pig. A big armoured s*it. Slow as f*ck, but really freakin' strong. His weapon arsenal prosper with : ""Jon Snow"" (Ba*tard) Swords, Two-handed Axes, Morningstars, and Big-A*s Maces.So... my final verdict :Pros -- Concept- Combat System- Variety of Classes and Weapons- Gamemodes- Graphics- Manageability- Decapitation- Possibility to destroy a Head with your Fist- Blocking a big-a*s Axe with your little DaggerCons -- Some unbalanced maps- Gaps in the blocking system- Optimalization for Laptops8/10 ""Insert medieval joke here"""
,Recommended,219640,30021523,Posted: 18 February,all,Sir_Wulf,Deus Vult!Edit: Team kills are just collateral damage.
,Recommended,219640,20381358,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Julian,Yes.
76561198113234204,Recommended,219640,34890449,Posted: 11 September,all,Campy,"good game, lots of fun, but maybe only good for around 25 or 30 hours. after that itll just get really repetative."
,Not Recommended,219640,17054553,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Silver teh Cuddly Corgi,"Used to play the Hl2 modification of this game a few years ago, it was pretty fun but eventually got bored of it due to the lack of content.I see this game and buy it, it tends to be a very addicting game to play and is quite fun up until the point you start fighting people who bend like uninflated blowup dolls.Animation exploit / 10."
76561198076311287,Not Recommended,219640,10435260,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Tabor,wait for Mordhau
,Not Recommended,219640,8656030,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,[ Chao ],"This game was very disappointing to me. Despite my own decent computer and above average connection I found a lot of slowdown and delay in both the menus and even the game itself. The game looks nice, even on lower settings, but the audio is rather grating on the ears. The customization and weapon options for each class is a fun idea, however most new players will have to use the lackluster starter weapons before they can unlock anything decent though leveling. A lot of the menus feel very cluttered and are a pain to the eyes.Gameplay overall feels very fun and satisfying when it works, but the game's hair thin hit detection takes a lot of time to figure out. New players should spend a lot of time practicing on thier own until they can figure out the hix box and controls for whatever class works best for them.Community feels very non-existant at times. I often forgot I was actually playing with other people until I saw a few unique looking characters and even then it was insanely quiet. I'm sure it's full of decent people, but my expierence could be summed up when I saw a Knight t-bagging someone he just killed (to which he was promptly shot afterward).Overall, I WANT to like this game, but the sloppy and sluggish menus, difficult gameplay, unsettling silence keeps it from meeting my hopes. Perhaps when I finally get better at the game my opinion will improve, but right now I've had a fairly unenjoyable expierence (4.5/10)"
,Recommended,219640,11104667,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Redbad,"Imagine a game where people will ♥♥♥♥ing butt♥♥♥♥♥♥you every chance they get, imagine a game where people can use third person to hit you twice in one swing, imagine british people taunting you and screaming at you while making refrences to your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥based on the length of your sword. Then add ♥♥♥♥ing pirates that can blow your balls off, ninjas that will roll under you swings stun you then push their staffs so far up your♥♥♥♥♥you'll scream ""Mama"",samurai that have that have 800 feet long weapons and will kill you with drag until you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself and wonder why the ♥♥♥♥ did I pick pirate, mother♥♥♥♥ing vikings that can throw every god damn weapon and decapitate you with their ♥♥♥♥ing frisbee shields,spartans that will throw their spears right in to your little pansy throat and don't even try to get close to them or esle you'll be ♥♥♥♥♥ slapped across the face by their giant hubcap shields. That is chivalry medieval warfare plus deadliest warrior. be prepared for anal"
76561198027805658,Not Recommended,219640,8151307,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,granny,This game... SUCKS. The weapon glitch is so annoying it just keeps reseting and I can't unlock anything. The only thing good is the graphics. I would recommend it if they'd fix the weapon and ranking bug but for now DONT BUY.
,Recommended,219640,11123159,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Roki,"Most fun I've had in a MP-only game in a while, greatly recommended."
76561198056483354,Not Recommended,219640,14628369,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Iráñëth,"it is a fun game but...when you start you will be new and you will mess up and kill a team mate here and thier yes ?well if you kill one time mate....you'er team will spawn camp you then kick you from the sever and call a you a lot of name'sthat and have fun trying to get good at it, yes it is hard but the other team will be a lot better and well....have fun not dying or being shot in the head trying to leave spawn"
76561197987190672,Recommended,219640,18319027,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,FaZeSaMmY123,This game is AMAZING.... until i was nocoped by sum skrub who was 69 yrs old and used his MLG crossbow which is 1 shot kill..... idk how he could get this weapon the only person who has access to this weapon...... wait! THE ONLY PERSON IS OUR LORD GABEN! SO HOW COULD SUM 69 YR OLD SKRUB GET THIS WEAPON!?!?! Lord Gaben is 69 yrs. old....10/10Would get noscoped again.
,Recommended,219640,22334903,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,dauq,"A buggy, borderline unfinished game with terrible netcode that happens to have the best melee combat mechanics of any multiplayer game ever made."
76561197997174946,Recommended,219640,1736051,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,Sharp Solid,Ortalama bir oyun.DLC'si daha iyi.10-15 TL. eder en fazla.Average game.Deadliest Warrior DLC better than game.Dont buy until Big Discounts.
76561198153253141,Recommended,219640,28436277,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,zaibatzu,If you play competitive games and you want something relaxing after a hard match this is the game.And when is in sale is even better :)8/10
,Recommended,219640,22194383,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,hoek,Really nice but on higher level really hard!
,Not Recommended,219640,29410137,Posted: 21 January,all,†⌐£íƒë¦ìñk¬† ®,"I'm bad at this game, so I don't play it much. Seems like it could be fun. People abuse certain mechanics of the game which make it unfriendly to new players. The game is worth getting if you can get it on sale and deal with the community, I guess.By all means, the game itself isn't bad. I just can't recommend it for my own reasons stated above."
,Not Recommended,219640,35086611,Posted: 20 September,all,boxi.,"This game is totally not worth 22 euros. For me it was a waste of money. I've bought it cause I love medieval hack&slash games and after watching video of this game I thought 'OMG, I need this game.', so I've bought it - tried it out, it's dull and boring as f#ck. I've played it a couple more times cause there was nothing better to do and yeah, I still hate it. Better get Mount&Blade: Warband, ten times better."
76561198049646229,Recommended,219640,21140235,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Sledge,"What's better than killing an enemy and then proceeding to cut off his head, arms, legs and basically anything else you could think of???10/10 would mutilate enemy corpse again."
76561198049548271,Recommended,219640,16372567,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Leshathil,"Tis a scratch, Nothing but a flesh wound"
,Recommended,219640,16371114,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,1 hot mama,"Don't listen to the bads that say the game sucks because other people are good, just get good.Chivalry is like riding a bike, once you learn how to smash a head open with a warhammer, you never forget."
76561198338082991,Not Recommended,219640,32936718,Posted: 28 June,all,Showmae,"not worth more than 2 euros, fun till you reach high level melee combat and you see tornado attacks, exploiters and such."
,Recommended,219640,9685719,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Destructor RPH,Has a steep learning curve but once you get the hang of it its some of the best multiplayer combat in any videogame10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,219640,16563257,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,'Chiru' Michiru,"Since I own this game, I randomly yell to people in public ""YOU FOOL!"" with a dwarf voice.This game has made me a real dungeon dwarf. Thanks Obama!"
,Recommended,219640,10170909,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,LucifeR666,very  god
,Recommended,219640,125417,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,ImmortalEmperor,"Most recommendations of this game would likely try to convince you to purchase it based on the fact that it is a rarity: a medieval, melee-focused FPS, and a startling good one at that. Most recommendations would cite a surprising depth of combat; engaging multiplayer modes including deathmatch, team deathmatch, and map-specific objective oriented gamplay. Most recommendations would tell you this game is a lot of fun.My recommendation for this game is instead, thus:RRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFOR AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH"
76561198118674746,Recommended,219640,30856474,Posted: 31 March,all,St1ck,"Teamkilling-fest sword cluster♥♥♥♥, still would rush in for the order 9/10"
,Recommended,219640,19919151,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Boggybean,"Still holds up as an incredibly fun game, it's a shame 99% of the recommended reviews are all the people with 1000 hours who wore the game out completely and only pinpoint its negatives. After my 200 hours, since January 2013, I still play this every so often and come out satisfied."
76561198119427265,Not Recommended,219640,26295983,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Bonesaw,"This game during the free weekend, was incredible. I had so much fun with the game I decided to buy it, It ceased to be fun the instant the free weekend ended. every server is filled with people spinning while over handing and killing you instantly, what used to be a fun game about medieval combat is now a stinking pile of feces revolving around abuse of the mechanics."
,Recommended,219640,10211444,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Uncle Howie,You can laugh while Tea-Bagging. 10/10
76561198063422063,Recommended,219640,34188101,Posted: 12 August,all,⚔♗ROGUE♗⚔,"I've played this game quite a bit on PC Xbox 360 and even the PS4, Its a good sword fighting game that offers a lot of good hours of play with friends or just by yourself. The game is set in a middle era period between to factions The Agatha Knights and the Mason order and They have their different looks upon the battle field but each have the same classes of 4 class. It also offers a lot of nice cool variety of weapons to slay your enemies with, Although has a lot of paid content that doesn't add any advantage its more for appearance for your weapon but still it sucks to pay for a skin.PROS:Good Combat system (Although the block machanic is a little bit to simple and not really a realistic feel)Good class variety and weapon choices on the field.Good in terms of playing with friends in some cases.Good for clan events if you desire to play them.Has a nice grim dark feel to that battles in terms of emersion.Is third or first person for the player to choose.Is strictly multiplayer (Can be a con)Has a good simple Tutorial for new players.Really competitive adds to the realismCONS:Vote kick system is good for some games but not this game, You can get kicked by trolls and players who just don't like you or think your good enough. (Depending on the server you join)The connectivity isn't the best but it works for most and can be stable for the most partPaying for armor and weapon skins just takes away from the open character customazation.A lot of the players will kill you instead of the enemy team (depending on server and sometimes by mistake)Gets repetitive really quickly after say about 25 hours of gameplay etc, Good for burst play unless your in a clan.Still has some bugs that havn't been fixed (YOUR EXPERIENCE MAY DIFFER)Sometimes can crash (YOUR EXPERIENCE MAY DIFFER)Not to many mapsMost game modes are not active muchMy finale verdict is a 7/10 it is a good game but there are things that are holding it back like the vareity in maps and even game modes. It is a good game to play with friends, Playing by yourself is ok but gets very boring after a while. I recommend this game to people that just want to hack and slash with your friends for fun, Or for people that are seeking a really compettive game."
,Recommended,219640,13158337,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,zax,I 360 no scoped my friend with a cross bow 10/10
76561198034138902,Recommended,219640,13689839,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,MrTrippy,"A whacky medieval game that doesnt take itself too seriously! Hand to hand combat games are hard to get right, but Chivalry have got it spot on!You can play 4 different classes, each with their own strengths and weaknesses. You fight in various game modes like Team Deathmatch, Duals, Objectives and other modded modes. There is offline play against bots, but this was made to be played against others!They've done a great job with the combat, swings from the weapons can be blocked if timed and positioned correctly, making fighting 1 person great, but 2 or 3 at the same time can be epic if you kill them all!Speaking of killing, heads and limbs can be cut off, you can be burned to death, kicked into spikes or killed from range by arrows or thrown objects!It's a game best played with friends, but multiplayer against randoms is still always fun!"
76561198116137360,Recommended,219640,14519879,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Emil aka Knut,Just play it.
,Not Recommended,219640,8358597,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,an angry chicken,"I've played this game for a long time now, as you can see. And... It's fun but I would no longer reccomend it to anyone to buy. The game in it's current state is so morbidly broken. After a year and a half, it seems more bugs were introduced than were fixed. Torn Banner thinks they're ""doing the right thing"" when they NERF the WRONG features, then BUFF the already overpowered or boring aspects of the game. For example, kick has been broken for... Probably since this game has been released. Their response? They literally just BARELY released an update that was SUPPOSED to fix kicks. It didn't. How they fix the rest of their bugs? They don't - in fact they completely ignore them. Every update now is merely a content update that adds ""weapon skins"" which are a total waste of money considering the expensive price tag on them.The gameplay used to be very fun and intense. But now they've nerfed basically every part of the game to make it just boring in general to fight. (In fact I barely even engage in fighting anymore because it's so damn broken) They've basically made it so every drag will result in a hit trade. The only way to get the best of your opponent is to used the most shunned technique in the game: feinting. Basically everybody will HATE you since your first feint, and instantly you're the mosted hated player in the lobby for using a mechanic.One of my favorite and most useful features was combo-feint to parry: or in other words, you cancel your attack if your opponent is going to strike you before you strike them. Of course, Torn Banner goes out of their way to make sure this feature becomes much more difficult to pull off. When they nerf something, they don't just nerf it a tiny bit. They nerf it a lot. So much it becomes very frustrating. This feature almost never works anymore, or at least as well as it used to.The weapon balance is ridiculous. Some weapons are so slow that there's no way it could actually hurt anything in real life. The messer, one of the slowest weapons, is extremely broken. This also includes the brandistock and claymore. Torn Banner's response? ""We like it like that""The company alone was enough for me to uninstall this game. Absolutely terrible development team. Money has fogged up the ever-so-bright vision this game once had. DLC is the only thing the developers are concerened about adding now. Ridiculous.So please, unless you want to buy a game that has more bugs than Australia, do not buy this game. I'm speaking from over 1,500 hours of experience. Just don't."
76561198033323688,Recommended,219640,18573597,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Audie Murphy,"Does not cater to the politically correct cry baby generation. It recognizes that its bauss to be badass. Doesn't care about hurting girlyboys' feelings (""Is that chainmail? Or are you wearing a dress?"").The quotes make this game.  4 thee order.On a more important note, only democrats pick Agatha for many reasons, not just the blue colored standard. I don't need to write a dissertation about why i'm correct since that might cause people to become ""lost in thought, [which would] be unfamiliar territory."""
,Recommended,219640,23158719,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,DemonHeart,i love Gore and i love Medieval 10/10
,Recommended,219640,21801734,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,down_up #IDLE,Best Graphic and best Gameplay i Iike it The Engine It's Very Awesome!
,Recommended,219640,24365402,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ℭŦℭ | Jandaler the Flail Whale,Tis Fun if ur not scared of dying lots of times before u get gud.(dont go archer if ur a newb)
,Not Recommended,219640,31610213,Posted: 7 May,all,chiken,After reaching rank 16 you can't play anymore. Only LVLs +50 evreywhere. WE NEED OTHER LOW-RANK SERVERS FOR PEOPLE LIKE 16-30 AND 30-45. You can't play otherwise. Notify me if you will ever think about us and make some other low-rank servers.
,Recommended,219640,9793982,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Caps,FOR THE ORDERRRRRR
,Recommended,219640,8062456,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Erroneous Fatality,"Excellent game concept, but the company is just money-hungry. It published a game full of bugs, and even after a year of players' patience and waiting they still didn't optimize it nor fix some of the day-one bugs and glitches. Instead they went on to make a DLC for an unfinished game.I recommend this game because it's skill based, there's a big learning curve, and the situations can be incredible. The community is great, but it's a shame so many gave up on the game because of the developers' irresponsible treatment.It's an excellent game, but it's a shame it was made by these guys.I'm still contemplating whether to buy a 4-pack for my friends for Christmas, because on one side, I love the game even with all its bugs, and the community is too awesome and makes it even a better experience... but on the other side, I don't want to give any more money to the company that doesn't deserve it and doesn't finish its games which people pay for."
,Recommended,219640,8931848,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Solaire of Astora,The best invention since the wheel.
,Recommended,219640,2538554,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,A very mean sprongle,One of the best sci-fi games out there.
,Recommended,219640,8142720,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[F!] Aldershot,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yH83e8Nm-BkHey every one. I've been a huge chiv fan for a while now. To pay back the many hours enjoyed, i decided to share the game on my channel. I talk about how i feel about the game, skim over it's mechanics, and talk about why this is the best first person melee game available."
,Recommended,219640,5461937,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,MilkAndLettuce,"It's a class-based medieval swordfighting simulator with Dark Souls' combat mechanics. If that doesn't convince you to buy this, nothing will."
76561198100296316,Recommended,219640,8673306,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Alex,It's not as fun as the pictures make it look
76561198061071491,Recommended,219640,8583841,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dr. Spoon,Definitely my favourite game of 2013!
,Recommended,219640,9974628,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Amarijuanican,"Very fun and difficult first person/third person slasher, i just need more men under my banner...."
,Recommended,219640,18030679,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Tukang Cebok Keliling,"Do you like chop or slash people's head? no?Great! because you will be dead before you can do that.Seriously, this is the best hack and slash multiplayer game i have ever played!"
76561198116116770,Recommended,219640,17807161,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Arab,EzPz.
76561198065169905,Not Recommended,219640,25335481,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Yojimbo,"Game is filled with hardcore and high level players exploiting some of the games glitches for their own use. Upon entering the game you will be killed over and over again by these players as you see their swings pass through your blocks and their spinning unable to read. This game has its community set in stone. If you wanted to play, you should have came when it was out for the first month."
,Recommended,219640,23645230,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Alzhaddai,Playing this game. is a fun job killing People.This Game is much fun though. but overtime there were things like methods. i dident think that was fair because when i first  bought the game this happened. i thought this was gonna be good though. But something than that. it was acutually of fun game. has mods atleast.10/10 Will kill Try Pwning Knoights
,Recommended,219640,963018,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Nuuskiss,The most succesful medieval multiplayer action I've ever had. The immersion is at its best beyond glory and virtue.
,Recommended,219640,16989480,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Matt Zion,"Bought because I watched a few let's plays that put the game over big. I am hands down just awful at it, but even a terrible player can do well just swinging away. Much prefer this over War Of The Roses because in this game my heart is always racing during fights. It feels intense and rightfully so. I will say that if you have a controller, use it. The game becomes a million times easier to play with all the swing variations, blocking, and kicking. High 5 out of 5 Matt faces."
76561198129912602,Recommended,219640,28474825,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Goocheus Maximus,Alright game but don't bother unless your friends play it aswell
76561198041101381,Not Recommended,219640,9886899,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Alcibiades,a♥♥♥♥♥♥game for ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198293780408,Recommended,219640,23934129,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,sneikas,"This game is glitchy and the combat mechanics might seem stupid but, despite that, this game is fun (sometimes not so fun though, go figure).Edit: I do not like this game, waiting for Mordhau"
,Recommended,219640,17785115,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,SLOANEY,"Back to the Middle-Ages!This is an excellent slasher game that can be played by the people that love to button mash and for those that like to strike with precision! The tutorial is very good as it shows you all of the basic controls and techniques, however online now is a steep learning curve as there are now many experienced players. With that being said it isn't impossible to get better at the game and once you do the game can be quite satisfying and fun. There is a lack of customisation options apart from the offered DLC but other than that this game is definitely worth picking up as it gets you into a sense of what it was like on the olden day battlefields, chaos and all."
,Recommended,219640,10085658,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,MIKEDUDE,Sword clanging action a must buy for you medieval history buffs
76561198134098298,Recommended,219640,10098128,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,☣knight☣,this game is awesome and deserves to be noticed by millions more and it will cause it is the best game ever
76561198058479837,Recommended,219640,8461196,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,{Ѧ}GameOpinions,"This game is great. I have been playing it for a while and though at first it seemed as if the community died down, it seems to have picked up very well. The devs are good at releasing patches. I highly recommend getting both this and the DLC to this game."
,Recommended,219640,16146722,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TheCurrentLater,"""Yarrrrrrrrghghghgghg hgh ghg hsrghsths ggf ga ffef!!!!!!!""""....""""Nay."""
76561197986210671,Recommended,219640,12680468,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Schwester Fritte,"Best way to spend your evening while screming at other knights, and hacking at random ppl with huge swords and other mighty weapons. Also the game requires a nice lvl of timing and skill to actually get that head off of your opponent's head."
,Recommended,219640,10954645,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mr.Telecaster,Better than Mount and Blade.
,Not Recommended,219640,22284019,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Willem van Oranje,"really frustrating gameeither your hard-worked for kill gets stolen, or you get teamkilled."
,Recommended,219640,8736839,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,FLORENTINE POGEN,I learned more anatomy from this game then I ever have at school.
76561198036045406,Recommended,219640,12712899,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Asticot2A,"DULIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMAKE WAR AND NOT FRIENDS, KILL THEM ALLLLL"
,Recommended,219640,9622462,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Brostrava 空気読めない,Pros: the Game.Cons: the Community.
76561198036600747,Recommended,219640,28333072,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Luftwaffles,"i have played chivalry since it was a mod for the HL2 engine and then bought the standalone game when it came out. on and off i have played it for a laugh and only recently started to play it regularily.pro's:-the soundeffects for this game are spot on. from decapitating an enemy to the roar of charging knights when your team   moves in cant be called anything other than epic. the soundtrack itself is also epic as is the offside ""announcers"" that comment on objective modes. oh yes and ingame voice commands. the only other game i ever played where the ingame voice commands are hilarious is killing floor.-the swordplay can be fantastic. this for me is a pro and a con but more on that later.you can have epic fight when finding the right players. the combat system feels great and if you dont mind learning all about ""rainbows,waterfalls"" and the likes you will have a great time.-the goresystem feels great and many a smiles was put on my face when just about hitting an enemy right sending his/her head flying. love it!-there are a ton of weapons and they do make an impact. you need to choose the right weapon for what you are facing. a sword against a heavy armored knight doesnt do as well as if you would use a blunt weapon and so on. the 4 classes in the game do make a difference.the con's-the swordplay, as mentioned earlier this is a 2 sided coin. the game allows for some very frustrating exploits and once you have hit level 15 there is no escaping them other than to reset your level...or learn them yourself.in a game all about swordplay this can be very frustrating or fun depending on your point of view. i have made my peace with these and learning them myself right now as for me the game is still a blast. the learning curve for these is huge but if you stick with it you will get it right. there are also a good few tutorial videos out there for you to watch. overall i think these exploits take out the fun for most players unless you like punishment and go through a lengthy learning process to master them yourself. for me that is ok because i like the challenge but it might not be for you.-skins are entirely cosmetic and dont add anything that would give you an edge over another player not having them. having said this...the prices are rediculous. you cannot get anything below 5 euros and these skins are not made by torn banner. so if you want to look cool in a shiny suit prepare to pay  quite a bit of money for items that are made by fans. (they do get a share though)-the bigger part of the community is very very toxic. for me that is the biggest complaint when i play this game. after work i want to sit down, crack one open, and have a few decent duells but the constant ingame hate-spewing and arrogance will put you off very fast. the only thing you can do is to completely ignore it.having said that iam playing on 4 servers i favorited and those are duell servers. there is alot of salt on those as well but also some friendly and very helpfull individuals who will help you out or just simply not look down on you.overall i will recommend chivalry out of the pure reason it is good fun. if you dont mind the exploits or just wait for a sale go get chivalry. there are still a decent amount of servers (i live in europe) out there. this is particulary true if you have friends you can play with as this will be a blast."
76561198046865724,Recommended,219640,22997619,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,B♦rislav ♰,"Like Counter strike, only with swords and arrows. Functions great but lacks a competitive mode if you ask me. Very casual."
,Not Recommended,219640,28116438,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Nipplestroke,"Chivalry, oh, Chivalry.This game is great, for a couple of hours, or at least until your time in Green Server is up because that's when everything you love about Chivalry is essentially over.This game IS fun, but as any multiplayer oriented game, that fun ends with the hardcore fanboys who have sunk their lives on this game for hundreds of hours.If you're a fan of games that are good but only last for a while until you're turned off by the active playerbase, this game is for you. If you're not, then stay away. For your own sake. Stay. Away."
,Recommended,219640,11456191,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Poshun,"I like how I chop off limbs while screaming. Sometimes, I see myself enjoying the spattering of the blood. 10/10"
76561198078868898,Recommended,219640,12602225,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,ellis1031,I've only played a total of three hours of this game and I love it! Medival Warfare is way better than guns.
,Recommended,219640,23130329,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,colour,gr8 m8
,Recommended,219640,18487021,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,kiggaxwut,"After reading some other reviews, I've got to hand it to you that there are some entitled people out there.I spent maybe twelve bucks on this game, and you can see from the hours played that I enjoyed the hell out of it. It is in all sense and purposes a skill-based game: dragging, dodging, learning the animations, it all plays a role in how well you will do. This is an easy to pick up, difficult to master game. That being said, veterans quite often abuse the mechanics of the game to give them an edge over other players. You'll read in various reviews that this sets newbies to the game up for failure - but a person's discipline and lack of willpower to push through doesn't necessarily mean this is a bad game. It means you're going to need to tighten up and learn. And when you do? The limbs of your enemies will scatter across the battlefield.My gripe is that veterans of the game will abuse the hitboxes and swings (see those guys crouching and then performing some exorcist-type body spin to cut your nuts off?). It doesn't break the game, but it is rather annoying at times. As I said previously, you have to adapt and read the player you're fighting. You're facing someone who loves to parry-feint? Then adapt. Someone keep crouch-360ing you? Adapt. It's up to you whether you'll enjoy this game and whether you'll succeed. My favorite thing at level 50+ is going after the high levels on FFA. You can kill me and you can team up with your buddies - it doesn't matter to me. Eventually I'm going to decapitate all of you and revel in my victory. It's all about persistence. The noobs? I teach them, and when they makes mistakes, punish them. It's the only way to learn.Man up and pick up your sword."
,Not Recommended,219640,15710851,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Finnie,Don't Play This Game
,Recommended,219640,24584212,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,lucasknie,"Absolutely recommendable. Stunning game with realistic combat tactis and always-working servers. Also has a really fun community and I meet fun people every time I play it. 10/10, off the scale. And don't worry, the graphics are good enough and the developers add (SERIOUSLY) amazing maps and new features all the time. It never gets old. If you haven't tried it yet, I don't know why you're still reading this, GET TO IT!"
,Not Recommended,219640,13941527,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sanni,The game is just SO bad!
,Recommended,219640,30783464,Posted: 27 March,all,KillallHippies,still better than for honor
76561198129278347,Recommended,219640,31870080,Posted: 20 May,all,IQwiK CHiKsZI x,Great game i would recommend. Great combat system that is a challenge to master but fun game. Alot of funny moments i find with this game :)
76561198061855068,Recommended,219640,18420085,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,SFX,♥♥♥♥ing archers
,Not Recommended,219640,16158832,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Rattle me Ceasar,"Pros:-Many servers with people playing-Very fun when people aren't hacking-Team objective is best mode-Customization-Workshop-Very goryCons:-Many hackers-DLCs (Crappy ones)-In-game purchases (I mean, seriously?)-Most gamemodes suck-99,69% of all people playing are lagging-Hitreg is drunk-You basicly run in, spam your mouse and die-Everyone is teamkilling-And much moreSo, I don't like this game. :c"
,Not Recommended,219640,18488845,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,DOOMJESUS,now is your big chance to flush some more of your (parents') paycheck down the toilet.
76561198066181128,Not Recommended,219640,15940628,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,TrashTeamうるせい,Game is Just dumb..
,Not Recommended,219640,13046275,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Blaze,"I only brought this game because it was on offer and the video made it look decent and i thought it would be a few hours of fun, I was wrong oh hell i was wrong...The graphics are outdated,If you want a real review its a middle aged Call Of Duty,Servers are always full,Clunky mechanics,Tiny maps, short gameplaytime,Bugs galore,Not worth the money spend it on Cs-Go if you want a few hours of fun. So other than that what is there to say about chivalry oh yeah the community dont get me started on the community...Thanks for reading my review Screw Chivalry(ps Dont buy it)"
,Recommended,219640,8674705,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Smexy,it's cool
76561198016050852,Recommended,219640,34103834,Posted: 8 August,all,Spartan Rebel,Chivalry: Medieval WarfareIt is a good gameSounds are goodGraphics are amazing
,Recommended,219640,14805325,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,OvenBaked,"As I cross the 1000 hour threshold, I thought I'd write a quick review.Simply put, this is one of the best and most addictive games ever.The gameplay and replay value is extremely high. The elements come together almost perfectly in multiplayer action. Accessible and rewarding for new  players while ever-challenging for experienced players.Revenge can be had quickly. This fuels your addiction. The vibe of the game is humor rather than death and destruction. Even though it's nice and gory, with limbs and blood flying everywhere, it's not sickening violence. It's not obscene violence or dark and disturbing, but actually is just good fun.The genius of this game is in the timing required to block your opponent, the attacks and strategy used in battle for your chosen character is only limited by your willingness to learn and perfect your timing and anticipation. It amazes me that they've pulled off a first person slasher game, where the weight of your sword is a huge factor in landing that killer blow.I don't play first person shooter games anymore. I loved them previously, but they bore me now. Shooting people in the head is boring. First person slashers are a million times better. The projectile weapons are simply awesome in this game. The ballistas and catapults are so much fun, and hilarious to watch other players go flying. The level design is mostly superb.1000 hours and I still can't get enough. I doubt even GTA5 will stop me from playing. I've purchased a lot of games in the last year, and none have manged to pull me away from Chivalry. Edit: I'm still playing this and I'm done with GTA5."
,Not Recommended,219640,18529641,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,im uncomfortable,game's community so trash that it made me go back to csgo
,Recommended,219640,16093271,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Bailey,Awesome Game Extremely Good Graphics Awesome Combat
,Recommended,219640,13666072,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SajuukX,Very good game always fun to play when u have free time
,Recommended,219640,34369657,Posted: 20 August,all,Zanjiri,Counter Strike: Medival Offensive
,Recommended,219640,21289972,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Gravy,"Toxic af and ruined my life. Wake me up inside.pngI don't regret it and while I loath the game it still has a special place in my heart10/10 Would play againChivalry WILL give you cancer, autism, aids and every other disease the community can come up with. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNEDDon't give up if you're new to the game. Keep practising pls, I don't want chiv to die"
76561198179039614,Not Recommended,219640,21624462,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,dudgeonmole,"I want give this game a thumbs up so bad, But damn.The community in this game is probably one of the worst I have seen in a game yet.Your teammates will try and kill you, and you defend yourself and kill them. Then they shout in the chat in all caps '' TEAM KILLER! '' and then call a vote kick against you right after, And people will just vote yes all day to that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥z.People shout the N word all day on this game.People exploit the animations for swinging your sword to make an unblockable swing. I think it's called rainbowing and dragging?It's funny how the players glitch this shiz out of the game and abuse the animations and the devs don't even care.Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,21557171,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,The Biggest Bully,"This game is broken. Simply broken. The slightest bit of lag throws everything off. The community is the WORST I have seen in ANY game.The mechanics, while good in theory, are so easily abusable it makes the game virtually unenjoyable.The game has been out long enough to where the opportunistic cheesers are almost impossible to kill solo because they've been cheesing the game since release.Do not buy this pile of trash, you WILL regret it.0/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,24829113,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,ＫＡＩＳＥＲ,"It's like an arena shooter but with no shooter.  As a result, combat is mentally painful and sometimes boring.  Not to mention the game has a small community of skilled players who aren't too welcoming."
76561198125704042,Not Recommended,219640,25311428,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,[❤Live] Maki,"If you're looking for a medieval game with competetive multiplayer, realistic mechanics, beautiful graphics, balanced classes including archer and knight... then you better look somewhere else. If you're thinking that this game has realistic combat you obviously didn't play it. Chivalry Medieval Warfare is a game that makes you wanna smash your PC with a 2-handed hammer (with nice skin for 5 $) and then throw it out of the window.I bought this game on sale and i thought I'd get realistic combat. What I actually got was a bunch of knights making crazy♥♥♥♥♥tricks with swords, archers with daggers faster than light ( spam2win), and dudes killing you with their bare fists. No joking. In this game a knight with full-set plate armor can be fisted (you could expect this joke) to death. Also if you're thinking that archer can't parry/block a massive 2-handed warhammer that in reality could smash through a brick wall, your computer and your first born son you're right. It can't. In reality. In this game it's actually possible.But it doesn't matter that this game is awful. It's not bad and can be very enjoyable if you can hold on your nerves. If it's not the realism you're looking for you'll probably like it. I, unfortunately, bought this game hoping I'd get realism. And although I enjoyed playing it I can't really recommend it.This game had a huge potential, but unfortunately for me (and some others) this game was a disappointment. Pretty much like me for my parents, I should be learning but instead I'm writing about a game I don't even like. Gotta end this here. If i helped you in any possible way, please send me a letter so I can show my parents I'm not a useless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you read the whole text, thank you and please - make a right decision, whether you're buying or not."
76561198182936215,Not Recommended,219640,24114401,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,HPL - Iku-Turso,Broken piece of crap and I don't know why the hell I ever bought this game..
,Recommended,219640,31445959,Posted: 29 April,all,IM SPECIAL,awesome game
76561198021004053,Not Recommended,219640,17650549,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,BABYMETAL,Good game but too much Cheater :(
,Recommended,219640,31694758,Posted: 11 May,all,don even trip dawg,1) Joins Match2) Picks Red Team3) Team Member runs up to me with sword decapitating me10/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,219640,13620162,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Stalker The English Dragon,"The game is broken.It has been since when I brought it, within the first month it came out till this day.The maps are lovely, the graphics look nice considering the game is two years old, but the problem from the start still remains.Players can do backwards swings, literally pushing their sword from the ground, through a shield into your nuts.They can slow down their sword, change the area it will hit, i've had times where the sword wasn't even close and went right into me, and times when it went right through me with no hit actually taking place.I can only assume those defending this ""Mechanic"" are the ones using it, it's game breaking and annoying for anyone who actually wants to play the game properly.I can't suggest you buy this game, people looking for a medi-evil first person swing fest will have to wait for the next best thing, sadly this just won't satisfy it for me."
,Recommended,219640,26393620,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Hippie Gamer ☮,CRUSADES
,Not Recommended,219640,21940314,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Prime,"Not recommended. The game had a lot of potential, but all the inherent issues I first found when playing the game are still present. First person isn't viable, warhammers are overpowered and kill people with one attack, daggers and shortswords in general are very imbalanced.And then we get into the match making system, which doesn't exist. Its the classic pick a server and wait for it to fill. Sadly, it doesn't have team balancing at all. You can balance the teams for a fair fight yourselves, or steam roll your enemy with more numbers when a few people from the other team take their leave.To be a good game, at the very least this needs forced team balancing. And then the way in which you accumulate expereince needs to be changed as well.Overall not recommended, while its initially fun, once you start to notice the drawbacks and ♥♥♥♥ups that could've easily been fixed by now, you won't be willing to let it go. 5/10, won't buy any more of their products. They fail to listen to the community and fix their issues, like most other companies these days."
,Not Recommended,219640,31490814,Posted: 1 May,all,TNA | MrMango,"Liked the game a while ago.But the player base is the worst I experienced in recent online games. You think people in CS GO where toxic, go try this game then."
76561198010933954,Recommended,219640,12985286,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,BeetleBeard,"I get killed by Solaire of Astora on a regular basis, and get people kicked for no good reason on a very regular basis.8======D/10"
,Recommended,219640,23059967,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Rusev,*BATTLECRY*
,Recommended,219640,7349069,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,LightAce,"Its like playing CoD but with a sword and a shield, and maybe a quick hidden dagger into your enemy's neck."
76561197962376793,Recommended,219640,8072936,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,123,What was a Half-Life Mod turned into pure Epic Carnage in AOC2 Medival Warefare.
,Recommended,219640,13013551,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Chibigoat,Used to be a great game. Now it's ruined by exploits. Uninstalled and will not be playing again. RIP Chivalry 2012-2014.
,Recommended,219640,17378756,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,zebra,i mean i gues..
,Recommended,219640,12677877,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Karling,AGATHAAAAAAAA!Chivalry is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Chop off some skrubs ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥head. Repeatedly laugh while crouching to dodge nerds' attacks.. all around top kek.I r8 10/10 b8 was gr8
,Not Recommended,219640,34555586,Posted: 28 August,all,Yogurt,"This game is really fun. But... There are a lot of problems that have caused me to stop playing.For instance, the creators have not made any servers hosted in areas around the world causing there to be only community servers and there's not a lot thus forcing us to join servers that we most likely have high ping on.AND THEN... People have the option to kick you for high ping. So its kinda unfair. I think they made servers for people with ranks 1 to 20, (or 1 to 10) but that's just not enough.Also, Teamkilling is always enabled, I don't even think you can turn it off. If you accidentally hurt too many of your team mates, they have the option to kick you for it when it could not even be your fault.Another problem is that there's not many servers really at all that allow you to play with people around your rank. Most servers allow all ranks, causing very skilled players to join the server and leaving you to fight against people much better than you. Which is... of course... unfair. There's no way to improve if you're just fighting against people better than you.Almost done listing problems here, this is the 2nd to last problem, people are possible to basically become... Fidget Spinners. I don't know how they do it, but they fling their bodies around everywhere and its hard both to hit them, and block their hits. It's always been completely unfair to fight against them, and of course it still is, and they never even bothered to fix this.Final Problem: To be honest this is not much of a problem to me so much as everyone else usually says it is, the game has micro transactions. Skins for the characters, helmets, types of armor, weapon reskins, all of that just shown everywhere. What I think could fix this would be to unlock them by ranking up. Then, if you don't want to, you don't HAVE to spend money to get them. its just simply an option out there for you to do.This game would seriously be very good if these problems were fixed and I do honestly enjoy it a lot, I've played a lot of singleplayer with bots. But obviously, I feel this could be much better if I could actually play with real people... But these problems just make me not want to. Pls fix. Actually I think they've just abandoned this and worked on some other game called Mirage..."
,Recommended,219640,32035387,Posted: 28 May,all,Armarsi ♥,Made me go back to watch the Medieval Times™ Dinner Show.
76561198090628012,Recommended,219640,30188482,Posted: 25 February,all,Trickster of Cheap Tactics,"-If you want a TL;DR just scroll down to the bottom-What is chivalry?Chivalry is a game of precision and timing, you get to select one of three classes, the man at arms (Uses smaller weapons which would take 4-5 shots to kill a knight and have very weak armour, however they have the ability to do a small dash in any direction and is fast, my personal favourite class because when I kill someone it's more likely to be from my own skill unlike the knight where one good shot can kill), the archer (Has access to the normal ranged weapons and javelins if you want a more offensive style and they also get dagger-style weapons for secondary, they also do more damge when attacking someone in the back however they have the weakest melee weapons due to only having secondary and weak armour), the vanguard (a more offensive character with good armour and even better weapons, the vangiard specialises in long two-handed weapons over speed with the fastest sword being a claymore, his lack of protection mean he is a key target for archers and is easily beaten in a small room, when he runs long enough he gets to do a charge attack which does lots of damage) and the knight (Has the best armour but is the slowest, has access to high damaging two handed weapons which could instantly kill a man at arms or can go for a one handed weapon and shield combination for very good defence which can be accompanied by his ability which uses less stamina when blocking, his only real weakness is movement and swing speed which are nothing short of dreadfull) and you go into one of the games modes and fight it out by attacking and blocking, the combat sounds basic compared to something like mount and blade warband where you have to aim your block to actually block but it is much more intricate than it first seems.When you go into a battle you have to join the Agatha knights or the Mason order, the Agathanians believe that they should protect the poor and the weak and help everyone as much as possible while the Mason Ordianians? believe only the strongest should survive and people should fend for themselves.-The Game Modes-There are a few game modes which are quite limiting but I don't believe you would get bored fast if at all.Objective: Agatha knights and the mason order fight it out by one having to do the objective and the other trying to stop it, most of the time the objective consist of pushing the objective item but there are times when you have to kill civillians and destroy churches or free slaves which are extremly fun.Team Deathmatch: Kill more people than the opposite team.Deathmatch: Kill more people than anyone else.These next two seem quite rare and wouldn't rely on playing these two.King of The Hill: You and your team have to hold a hill longer than the enemy.Horde: You and your team have to battle against increasingly hard ai enemies.The comminuty mods have made a few gamemodes like a special horde mode and my favourite being infection where someone starts as a skeleton and has to kill others with some fancy additions on it however I rarely if ever see these.-Gameplay-I wont be going over graphics or music or anything as I rarely notice them and I find playing my own music gets me more pumped than the nothing chivalry does.So in gameplay I will focus on the combat as that is the whole highlight of the game, I will exclude ranged weapons as thats just as simple as click to fire.So going sword against sword is a hard challange with one slip up quite oftenly leading to demise.So lets go over the three attacks first.1) Swing2) Increased damage3) Increased rangeand then you have one block button.While games like mount and blade warband focus more on quick timing chivalry is all about precision and finding chinks in the armour.I never really use the swing considering I have two better options, however if you don't block then you get to swing again which I believe is faster which is very handy.I don't use the increased damage strick a lot because I prefer to actually get a hit on and getting a hit makes it easier from what I have seen.I use the inceased range a lot considering that a few hits needed to actually kill and getting caught out by range is pretty much garunteed hit for the enemies.When ever you swing and miss or you block an attack your stamina decreases which can lead to not being able to attack or when defending you have a stumble which is a free hit on you.If you just block and attack it will boil down to who gets no stamina first or who makes a mistake first which could be assisted by stricking lower but is still very tedious.But you can also dodge an attack which would garuntee a free attack.This description is absolutly terrible but it's hard to describe, I really reccomend whatching a video of gameplay if your cautious.Pros:Very fun combat system.Very addictive (pretty much just played this game for a week, I love it).Lots of cool mods (My favourite being the black knight mod inspired by monty python where when you hit someone you have a chance to take off limbs).Fun maps which arn't 1-dimensional.When your good it's very satisfying (even better when you can go on a huge kill streak, sometimes I just get in-the-mode and get 5-10  kills in one life which is insane but this doesn't happen often).Cons:Needs dedication due to very high skill ceiling.The abusers, yes this is why everyone is saying it's bad which is just silly considering I don't see them very often and even then there is a whole-lot-of-team to fight otherwise but what these people do is break the game by slowing or increasing attack speed and crouching and looking behind them to block and it's a mess and my main problem with this game, I either get a heavy javelin and throw it in their face or ignore then but luckily these are rare and people are over-reacting.Menu abusers, even rarer are the people who kick you for being too good or other personal reasons, even rarer considering everyone has to vote but a  point.TL;DRBest histoy fighting game in it's little genre with incredibly fun gameplay which is very addictive.However recquires a lot of dedication due to high skill ceiling and a few abusers, but don't be scared off by abusers as all the other negative comments are over=reacting."
,Not Recommended,219640,8742543,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Czar,"Who wouldn't want to be a knight in a first person view and feel the power of holding a long sword in those Age of Empires days?The day came with chivalry, with a ""Modern Warfare"" point of view of multiplayer only wreck and slash the oponent with some casual team objectives thrown down the line. Great concept on the beta and great public relations about the issues of the game pos launch, including lack of content versus full price.After several months, the shield of good promisses started cracking down, despite some free content included, the game very much didn't change at all. Just feels like it is a unworked after public release mod.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is basicaly what you can imagine casual gamers would do with real swords or bow and arrow, with the second one being less tragic. It's strenght on competitive play is basically none, having the players being rewarded by who swing the weapon first.As it is, having chaotic team battles actually is a good thing for it, with such disfunctional features and combat. Saddly it's great for the YouTube let's play stars create some funny footage and lure hundreds into buying such shalow multiplayer and poorly worked product.With even ocasional ""can not connect to servers"" misterious bugs, if the developers could deliver what they'd promissed it would be another kind of deal.For now, it's definetly a red flag. Expect a week of good entertainment. It gets old and dull pretty fast."
76561198001249890,Not Recommended,219640,22236259,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Hurts like -The Dickens-,"after almost a year thay update! yey! wait,♥♥♥♥♥♥ you fix the range of kick? and som minor map fixes, worst dev ever!how about fixing you broken♥♥♥♥♥game? you selling a ♥♥♥♥ing early beta as a full game, shame on you!"
76561198092222591,Not Recommended,219640,29122056,Posted: 8 January,all,Valar Bronzeghulis,unless you play more than 120 hours you will just die and run constantly due to mayority of people that have 300 hours or more in the game.there are servers resticted to certain levels however after you reach level 15 you are going to die A LOT.dont buy it.
,Not Recommended,219640,29795897,Posted: 8 February,all,✠ᛟ Tyrone ᛟ✠,"Originally bought it to play with a friend and after getting insta killed by people that have 5k hours every 20 seconds  I can say, Dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy it"
,Recommended,219640,26114357,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Sersayp,"Купили,скачали,заходите в игру,заходите в сервер и ща буит мясо)0))"
,Not Recommended,219640,18548845,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Uncle Kalashnikov,Just buy Mount and Blade: Warband instead.They have horses.
76561198003797557,Not Recommended,219640,32093593,Posted: 31 May,all,DiRtH oBgObLiN,"East Coast US, would it be to much to ask for servers with ping below 185.  This game is sad what it has become.  Especially since they divide the already small community between noob servers (full of non-noobs on alts) and the main servers with the above mentioned unplayable ping since anything over 50 makes the swings/arrows a slideshow of repetition and patience.   This game was good for 6 months  when it first came out and has slowly chocked itself to death on terrible (immersion breaking)  p2w skins, lag issues that have only gotten worse, aimless expansion packs and bugs/glitches  that have never/can never  been fixed.How far the mighty have fallen......."
,Recommended,219640,8162269,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Leoxiphos,"The game itself is really fun even though it takes time to get used to, first time i did get owned but when i played long enough i started to get alot of kills, eventually you have a lot of fun. oh yeah buy deadliest warrior"
,Recommended,219640,10147387,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Clout Lord 6000,11/10 WOULD INSTALL AGAIN
76561198040588966,Recommended,219640,7424085,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,AgentSmith,"Incredibly fast and frantic game.  Once you get in, you don't want to stop chopping heads or testing your archery skills on unsuspecting opponents.  Chop, Slice, Parry, Kick, Block, and smash your way through opponents in Free for All, Team Deathmatch, Capture the Flag, Duel, and Objective modes.  The game features an intuitive combat system that relies on mouse controls to not only swing but control the speed and intensity of the swing.  The combat is bloody and relentless and extremely unforgiving but entirely satisfying.  Running into battle with your best mates as you all let out a bloody cry of battle can feel as surreal as an iMax experience.  I highly recommend this game to anyone (within the legal age limits of playing this game)"
,Not Recommended,219640,23344331,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,-CSM-Angron,"I don't recommend this game, at least for now. Till level 15 it's interesting and cool, but when you reach level 15 you can't play anymore on newbie's servers and you need to find another ones.And it would be fun if there weren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that using exploits or ""advanced game mechanics"" cuz they're just spinning and killing you somehow and you can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥to them or you can transorm into a retard and use ""mechanics"" like they do.So, don't buy this game till ""combat mechanics"" will be fixed and as i can see, they won't fix this because idiots will cry that they can't use spins and♥♥♥♥♥kills ( literally, they're showing their♥♥♥♥♥ swinging hammers and killing you somehow ) and by this i mean don't you ever buy this game."
76561198044567406,Not Recommended,219640,34555365,Posted: 28 August,all,Panda Pope,"Game is dead, and has been for awhile since the devs killed it."
76561198142637792,Not Recommended,219640,33361906,Posted: 7 July,all,Manaen,"Played this game for 1-2 years. If you want a game for chumps who are lazy and stupid irl, this is the game for you. Tons of insecure nobodies who don't feel important enough irl so they come here to start trouble so that they can feel like they subtly have something to clean up and feel special about themselves. Unlike the community for most games that are already trash and have bad attitudes, the community for this game takes it to a whole 'nother level.  Endless teamkilling, endless trashtalking that doesn't even make sense, nobody listens and votekicking from the very same idiots who teamkilled you in the first place with the same excuse of ""i'm new"" or whatever lie that the public always falls for EVERY TIME since they can't tell the difference between new players and trolls. If you don't even want to dignify anyone with an outward typed response to ""defend"" yourself (even though you didn't start problems) because responses don't work anyway against vile liars, they kick you anyway if you stay silent and because they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Been like this every game.Also, if you're into vile crypto-Jews and religious extremists who think the holocaust is fake but everything else isn't (they nit-pick and choose which is fake) this is the game for you. If you're into dumbasses who think they know religion, this is the game for you. If you're into nerds who wished they had asian girlfriends, but they're losers anyway, this is the game for you. If you're into horny losers who all have sexual pics and pornography all over their steam profile accounts (which aren't even funny, but sadly, they think it's trendy and funny) w/ no moderation, then this is the game for you. If you're into try-hard rejects who couldn't make it far in the real world so they came here to prove themselves while trying to force or make it look like they're not trying hard at all, this is the game for you. If you want a game where angry trolls say things they would NEVER say irl to act tough when they're all either really fat or really skinny and then falling back on the ""i was a troll all along, i got you!"" excuse to look graceful, this is the game for you.I could go on and on with specific examples. Not even going to waste my time since this useless world already has enough knowledge about their own problems. They just refuse to wisen up. Nothing is done about these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Players of this game can't even think for themselves so they join in and attack me instead 99% of the time. They think I owe them responses or that i'm here to entertain these useless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. That's how narcissistic this community is. They're dumb as hell. Broken mechanics too. Goddamn losers. Yeah, i'm so ""detonated/triggered."" Good one (even though i haven't been to the doctor in decades while you degenerates having family members die left & right because u degenerates were made for each other haha, such losers). Nice try but i'm not a ""snowflake liberal"" nor am I a republican. This country (especially the central portion) is so goddamn pathetic. Bunch of trendy passive aggressive idiots and sorcerer-wannabes who all copy each other w/ no personalities of your own. When you get mad, you all type "".."" or ""..."" thinking it'll help you out. Bunch of retard sissies. Fix the goddamn community in this game and other steam games like this. Goddamn."
,Not Recommended,219640,13705240,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mcdonalds Cones,NO WIZARDS IN GAME = NO GOOD
,Not Recommended,219640,28384050,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Thyrekz,cmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped workingcmw.exe has stopped working
,Recommended,219640,13019418,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,i_throw_rocks_at_retarded_kids,Fun2play
,Recommended,219640,12576234,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,TheCandyManCan,great fun
,Recommended,219640,12319788,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Rion,Learn how to become a professional Butcher in this stunning sequel to The Shining
,Recommended,219640,13012827,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,FireEater,"This game is AMAZING! What is more fun than throwing yourself into a mideval swordplay combat simulator? Me and my steam friends have spent hours slicing and dicing foes on this splendid game. I recomend this game to any and all users that love sword play, action, gore, and accurate combat physics. the character damage systems are very well developed, you can do anything from chop off an enemy's arm to blasting off their head with a well placed ballista arrow.This is a very well developed game and runs very smooth on a decent built computer. The game requires a hearty internet connection to avoid in-game lag, however if you can find a decent connection then you are in for a treat. with many game modes and character customization, Chivalry allows players to choose how they want to play! if you want to be an archer posted behind the front lines, then you will have many options for arrows and projectile based weaponry. If you feel like taking a greatsword into battle to chop your foes into bits, then there are plenty of night based weapons and classes to choose from. dont take my review to heart, try the game for yourself!"
,Recommended,219640,7826602,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ShooX,Few glitches but really good game
,Recommended,219640,9505715,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Infernus,Not bad
,Recommended,219640,9034016,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Leonair,"I remember having this game on my wishlist for such a long time.First game i ever bought with the money i earned as a student designing flyers and posters for money.Money well spent.You play as either a Mason Knight or an Agatha Knight. Basically, the point of the game is to kill each other while completing objectives or sometimes just to kill each other.There is character customization as well as the option to play in Third Person but i know you only care about bashing another player's head in.Playing this game on a bad day puts a smile on my face as i vent my frustration out on the other players in the game. Even when we lose, i have fun playing the game. Cause i don't know of any other game that does First Person Multiplayer Medieval Combat quite as good as this.I remember laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off when i first bludgeoned a guy in-game. I used his head as a football and proceeded to kick it around the battlefield til i got decapitated by his irate teammate.Play it with friends and have them dismember each other in medieval combat.Make sure you have a good internet connection though, cause otherwise you would not be able to play it as intended. or even at all.Give it a shot, get the game on sale when you can and join the war."
76561198053127796,Not Recommended,219640,7888389,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Big Country,"I played this and it wasnt very real, I played as the archer and armor men could run the same fastness as me. I have seen LOTR and in it leogolas was very fast and shot way more bad guys than gimli, but in this one you cant do it."
,Recommended,219640,7855288,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Huckledaddy,"takes some getting used to, but in the end it's an amazing game."
,Not Recommended,219640,22405681,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,†THExUNKNOWEN†,"After you rank 15 you go in the battle with the higher ranks and the fun is gone! Also, to many high rank players get hurt feelings n start crying when you tell them that they have no life off CMW will kick u when u tell them truth on how they r 2 poor 4 a new game.. Kick me all u want but ill be the 1 with the new games n rare achevs.. Get a life losersDon't care 4 it once bit.. The blocking system is a freaking joke! U may get a few lucking shots in but at the end of the match you will go negative and that will be every single game no matter how hard you try to fight.. The game also has some cheaters but they are few in number and quit when you call them out..You also have some trash or as people call them now - Trolls who go around being a nuisance and when you try u'r very best to kick a person who is disrupting the whole game, No one wants to do the right thing and kick the 5 year old.. I can't believe how shameful pc players are and weak to let one person ruin the whole game and when you can simply just vote yes to a kick!I do not recommend this game for people who don't like to fail when you are doing everything you can to fight but keep failing b'cuss of the games terrible made in game system! If you get mad easy like i do sometimes when a game like this is made bad, than don't waste any time or money on this oneUNSTALLED with PRIDE!!"
,Recommended,219640,12708189,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,NuNch98¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"you can get drunk, nuff said"
76561197967501808,Not Recommended,219640,20515436,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Thrashaero,"I'd say at least 3/4 of my hours are from leaving the computer with the game open. Since almost always I only play a couple hours or so and get sick of it and go to bed for 8, of course I'm only a level 51. Also because I refuse to adopt cheap techniques to care about kdr and levelling fast. Being 'awesome' at this game is like being 'awesome' at peeing your name in the snow. Not exactly something to brag about.Anyway, I was extremely excited for this game and bought it on release and paid the full 25$. I wanted to love it for so long but it has dragged for so long and withered into a dessicated husk anymore.Pros:-Gory and chaotic-Generally funny-Decent graphics (vs other melee games)-Excellent sound effects (both weapon and most voices...mason archer is terrible though)-Lots of voice lines, laughing and yelling. (makes you want to do it in other games)-Combat mechanics are mostly intuitive...but has a massive tradeoff as explained below-Customizable character outfits. And added variety of other players costumes who are dumb enough to buy the dlc skins.-Detailed horde modes and mod maps.Cons:-Toxic and mindless community of meme-dropping, spoiled d0uchebag lowlifes who have nothing better to do than fill their names with special ASCII characters like they're 1337, study youtube and/or clan up for exploits, as if they're a well learned badass...Only to get sand in their cooch the moment they see any constructive criticism of the game or their desperate methods. Especially when they use the same ridiculous and scripted tactics, on every attack regardless of how unnecessary (to the point of feinting shields, unarmed players and probably peasants too), thanks to the game's (devs) lazy limitations.-Combat mechanics are heavily exploited and are too simplistic (windup to release animations are fixed together for attacks)-Full damage the entire swing (it should be low at the beginning of release, obviously, and higher in the middle, as that would be the peak of momentum...but nope) which just attracts more movements of impossible physics and pathetic techniques to get the end of the windup touching the enemy (like shoegazing for overhead hits, spinning crouch + reverse overhead nonsense...the latter of which can be avoided fairly easily...just take a couple steps back while you watch them literally bend over backwards repeatedly to swing at nothing furiously.......-__-)-Blocking/parrying consistency is terrible. You can have a shield, only to have every other enemy magically be able to swing all the way around it to hit you (despite how well you track his attacks). And vice versa, you can attack a guy with a shield who isn't tracking your attacks, and he is somehow able to block every single attack with his back completely towards you. And of course it's pretty often to see a tiny weapon like a hatchet or a dagger be able to have a wider block raidus than shields half the time.-Binary damage (block = zero damage), i.e. a dagger can block a maul. You swing a maul full speed into a guy blocking with a dagger and he manages to block it completely, which causes his entire body to be thrown back, but he takes zero damage. Just loses a little stamina just like any other player with a 2 handed weapon. pathetic.-Blocking/parrying with weapons only allowed for a brief second doesn't make any sense at all.What fighter would put down his weapon just because he raised it a half second too early? Oh that's right, nobody.THIS is the obvious loophole which allows ridiculous overuse of feints and drags.""it's to make combat quicker/shorten hit trading"" they say. BS. It's because the devs haven't figured out that other games allow holding a parry to maintain plausibility and still be fun (Mount and Blade...although it is missing a stamina system...feints/drags still happen, but they are nowhere near as much of a constant crutch for attackers). But because the devs feel they have enough lapdog players who love it the way it is, that's the way it will stay.The obvious balancing required is having breakable and/or droppable weapons (like M&B) for repeated strikes and higher stamina drops for holding it indefinitely, not requiring some overhaul of the game as so many think. These same airhead people love to suggest 'just use a shield', which is just blatantly changing the subject of the criticism to deny the point completely of how awful parrying with weapons is.  Shield parrying isn't a part of this particular criticism, dumbasses, that was covered in the previous point.-Beefed archers who are supposed to be strong at long range only, only to be just as deadly as man at arms up close-Terrible FPS and lag issues, effectively making hit register areas very blurry-People with high latency are actually favored according to the game's method of registering hits. Which leads to constant kick votes of them than letting them fail because of the lag as it should.-Constantly getting stuck on some object barrier in the map. Very obtuse boundaries for objects. and getting stuck in mid-jump above them.-Ghost hits (swing through enemies point blank to deal zero damage)-Invisible players (you can see their shadow and hear their voice but nothing else)-animations behind sync with hits. (so you're hit before you see it hit you)-enemies with no windup (invisible swing), unlimited stamina (you can hear them breathing heavily indicating they are out, only to see them continue to swing a dozen more times with no resting)-Low player count (only 32 officially which is already laggy, any higher is far more laggy while Mount and Blade, with custom faces, can handle over a 100 no problem)-VERY few servers (Central USA) that are populated and low latency during non peak hours.-Free-for-all servers plagued with archer/maa teams.-Can't drop/equip weapons onto/off the ground.-Broken voip-Admins on official servers, to censor language in a highly gory game when there's a perfectly easy to use vote system in place making them 99% useless. GFYs, brown nosers.-Stupid prices for weapon/armor skins.-Lazy updates that continue to break the game and only bring more pointless and expensive cosmetic dlc.I'm sorry for ruffling all of the downy soft feathers of love for the game the fanboys have. No i take that back.. They always have the same ♥♥♥♥♥kissing BS excuse... ""but they're a small company waaaa"" I wanted to believe that for a while for I was a fanboy too at one time but I'm simply not captivated anymore to be dumb enough to continue kidding myself that the devs aren't spoiled brats who can't handle an awesome opportunity when given to them. They keep having massive discount sales to keep raking in players only to have most of the players never come back because of the aforementioned problems they continue to do nothing about.The kickstarter was over 100k. They take forever to get a real team of devs going. Took over a year to  make the game not look like it was still in alpha and an interface that didn't look like it only took 10 minutes to make. This is a perfect example of a game that should have gone early access.They've sold millions, they have raked in plenty of dough...far more than many other devs of other games with far more complexity have. Then they just try to shine you on with cosmetics.  It's not like they made the game from the ground up. They didn't make the engine, it's a glorified mod.I thought at one time this was the game for me, as I am tired of shooters and love it up close and personal. Indie? Even better. I hate the big corps. But they drove it in the ditch with the knuckle dragging. I can't wait for another melee game to send this one six feet under, i don't care if it comes from a massive label. M&B being old with crappy graphics and sound is begging to be played more which is just depressing.I hear Mordhau is promising, hopefully it doesn't just expand the bs of chiv."
76561198073471448,Recommended,219640,21096936,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,simpsondesign,"If you like gore (and thats an understatement), Medieval battles, weaponry and killing Peasants (yesssssss) then what are you doing in the reviews section? Get back up there and buy this game! However, you can forget historical accuracy because all everyone does on this game is run around with a maul (some overpowered hammer-smashy-thing) and chase archers. Me included. The weaponry is fantastic, however you have to unlock them one by one, which is about as slow as a beached whale on kettamin. But when you DO get a warbow, grand mace or some other powerful, brutal device, you WILL enjoy the satisfaction of seeing people's heads explode when you poke them. yessssssssssss."
,Not Recommended,219640,8898289,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Sykro,This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. Merely a good concept. Has potential.
,Recommended,219640,34724920,Posted: 3 September,all,_haerien ハエリエン,"If you see a guy who is fighting like an autistic child, just run. You cant beat him."
,Recommended,219640,34314405,Posted: 17 August,all,Alex Mercier,one thing you need to know before buying the gamekilling someone is so so ... soooooo satisfying! and if you like it ... then mate god help youthe game is epic addictive even tho it is same♥♥♥♥♥♥different day buy you just cant get enough kills .. MORE AND MORE!
76561198074112273,Recommended,219640,22664660,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Sam,Best melee combat system ever.
,Not Recommended,219640,25039552,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Bulbasaur,"Slow-paced, clunky, tank-like movements, snail-like sword gameplay, sword swings take ages, attack/defense make you dead vulnerable which is very annoying when 4-5 people attack you at once, low-level servers population are mostly professionals, running is a slightly bit faster than real-life crawling, my spawn time keeps increasing because my teammates come from behind and always stand within my sword swings while i attack enemies, which is my fault not theirs (logic), 98% of the customizations items are unlocked using real money.And the game isn't well optimized, FPS drops and slow texture loading with Nvidia GTX 1070 and i7 6700 @3.4Ghz.The game can be fun sometimes, but it's just doesn't appeal to my preferences in any way.That being said, i don't regret buying the game since i got it on a sale, i play it from time to time and really doesn't worth the full price tag.Available modes are:Team Deathmatch: FunFree-for-All: Fun with many ragingTeam Objective: Good luck finding people who actually care about doing these objectives.Catch the Flag: Doesn't need descriptionThose who have no problem with very slow sword gameplay, and those who like to spend most of the time learning how to time their attack/defense properly against 5 enemies at once will have no problem enjoying this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,32106480,Posted: 1 June,all,Easypapi,"Pros: Fun game with friends, cheap/free on sales, meme tier voice acting and chopping of heads.Cons: Awful lag compensation, high ping and packet loss players lagging and killing you, steep learning curve once you reach level 16, toxic community, bugs not fixed after months."
,Recommended,219640,16428767,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Valmirius,Slaughtered helpless villagers with a large swordClegane/10Not bad for 3 of my filthy peasant pounds.EDIT:Oh yeah - I killed a couple of players too.
,Not Recommended,219640,20886635,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,AD7,Community is Cancer..... Thanks wil never play this game again.....
,Not Recommended,219640,33452474,Posted: 11 July,all,EdwardR ϟϟ,"ALL THE SERVERS ARE EITHER FULL OF SPINNERS OR KICK YOU INSTANLY.Out of all the extremelly overrated games this is the absolute worst one.Game could be a bit fun at start until you meet a level 46 mother ♥♥♥♥er who uses bugs and glitches to win while spamming taunts and spinning around. The hitboxes are absolute garbage and those ""pro players"" can hit when you dont even see their weapon, just a milisec after swinging.This game is unplayable after reaching rank 16"
,Not Recommended,219640,7961939,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Haunting,"This game in all it's greatness, is broken. A game based around medieval tactics used in old warfare, it has great potential and uses it.. most of it.Although, if you are going to make a game, don't break what the gameplay is crucially based around. The blocking mechanic, and the leveling system.The blocking system does what it's name dubbs it to do, block. But if you block, and someone else hits you [and you take damage] while you're blocking, something is going wrong. Blocking is meant to stop the weapon from hitting you, if you and an enemy are facing eachother, you're blocking and they're swinging, that should be an effective block, right? Most of the time that mechanic doesn't work in Chivalry.The leveling system is based on getting enough kills in order to unlock the next weapon. When you take the time to level up for a highly-desired weapon, naturally you'd aspire to keep this weapon. In Chivalry, every once in a while your new weapon gets deleted and you have to work from the ground up all over again. Me and other people I know have had this problem and it has yet to get fixed.Chivalry has some horrid optimising problems with it's server browser. Most of the time, refreshing the server list takes away all of the servers. If you get too spacific with the server filter, it breaks and you don't get anything, even though there are obviously servers out there for what you have searched.Want to join a friend? They have to tell you the server's name and you have to pain-stakingly search for the server that may not even show up on your list. Join them via Steam? Steam will say you cant join the server your friend is currently in.Sometimes servers will allow you to join, other times, you won't be able to join and it will be stuck on the loading screen until you cancel it.Chivalry can be a nice game to play at times, but due to these issues, I wouldn't stick with it.6.8/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,8071071,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Hamamböceği,"It's fun for some time, but it gets repetitive after a while. Weapon diversity is not really balanced."
76561198178618805,Recommended,219640,18538707,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,|Kila|¹ Akaviri,"***Edit at 1600 hours of gameplay***This game is not worth your time unless you dump hours into it. The skill ceiling is so high that it basically forces you to either want to get better, or drop the game. If you have that drive, go for it, but if you don't want to spend time on a dying game, just wait for Mordhau where players will have a more even playing field. At the current point in time, there is no real reason to play this. Both Vanilla and Competitive is very much dead, and has nowhere near the number of players that used to populate this game, and its sad to see a game like this die, but its had it coming for a long time now.***EDIT AT almost 800 hours of gameplay***This game still makes me rage, but it's so nice being able to compete agaisnt all of the players that previously destroyed me. Something to note, and I'm not trying to gloat, but I think I'm a bit of an exception when it comes to this game. There are tons of players who have similar hours like I do, and most of those players aren't on the same skill level. I'm able to compete against players who have double or even triple the hours that I do, so take this into consideration here: this game demands you to be competitive and get involved with it if you want to keep on improving. Yes, the exploits people are able to do kinda break the game, but most of the ""exploits"" are really just in game mechanics being abused continuously. In the competitive scene of this game, there is a huge community of players who are really good at the game, and once you're able to compete with them, you'll start having a lot more fun as well. In addition to this, there are also a lot of players who just love to be trolls and utter cancer regarding the community. Trash talkers, lag-switch users, but in the grand scheme of things, most games have these players. If you play chivalry, you really should be trying to make it a better community. Try helpign out the lower ranks learn things, have fun with the players online, and promote the game to be a lot healthier than what it is now. I say this because despite me joining competitive, the amount of players the try to ruin the game for others is truly staggering. Even in the casual servers like in team objective, trash talk is rampant, grudges are held consistently from server to server. I feel like this game requires more maturity to really enjoy it more because what fun are you going to get out of trying to ruin someone's day?***EDIT AT 495 hours of gameplay****Being completely honest here, there isn't a lot left to do once you've became decent at the game other than trying to keep getting better, and keep fighting the same people who you struggle against. I recently swapped from using touchpad on a laptop to a mouse setup, and the game is much easier for me, and I've gotten considerably better since the switch. The thing to remember with this game is that it will take time to make tiny improvements. The community I spoke of earlier for this game is both wonderful and horrible at the same time. I've met so many people that I enjoy to play with and also fight, and teachers who have shown me stuff that I would never have figured out without their help. The bad are the people you can't beat yet. I'm still playing at nearly 500 hours, and the biggest thing to remember is patience and long suffering.You can scream all you want about someone septuple feinting you, but in the end, you fell for the feints, and he won. So what do you do? Do you give up and rage quit, or do you try and become so much better than him that he struggles against you? *motivational speech end****EDIT at 150 hours of Gameplay***Guys, if you're interested in getting the game, get it! I can go on about the pros of this game forever. Multiplayer is highly skill based, team play is critical, your skill to play is determined by how good you want to get at the game,  community can be wonderful, and so much more.However, I will not lie to you. There are some cons that make me mad about this game. To start, the lobbies for beginners don't give a true grasp of what this game is like. There is a lot more than what you see happen in game when you first start playing. Highly advanced tactics, like the manipulation of the character's body allows for some crazy and some would argue cheap attacks. You will see this kind of thing A LOT. Having currently reached rank 28, and having a pretty decent skill for my rank, I can do a lot of these attacks and combos. They're deadly, and they change the way the game is played. To give you an idea, I created a second account, family shared the game, and tried my mettle against the noobs (no offense) again. I went 8 games without a single death playing as the Knight and Man At Arms using what I've learned over the course of playing the game. I felt awful because I still didn't stack up close to the high leveled community.On that note, the high ranks of the community are a blessing and a curse. I have many high ranking friends who have been playing this game since its inception. They are ******* good. So good. So good in fact that I have a hard time wanting to keep playing them when I know I'm going to lose. In order to enjoy this game, no matter what you're facing, you need to have faith that at some point, you WILL be able to compete with these people. They're really good, and death after death will discourage you from playing. But is that honestly any different from any other game? It's not too entirely different from CoD. You'll have some incredibly talented shooters who have been practicing for a long time to get as good as they are. You'll have others that are naturals. Then you'll have the default skill level of ""oh **** what the **** was that!"" or ""this is ******** bull**** how did he kill me?""Now here's the sparknotes version of my review. Get it, enjoy it, and work at it. To me, this is my version of CounterStrike. It takes time to get good, and takes even longer to get better. Don't expect to be God's Gift to this game. You will lose. You will lose a lot. But its the addictive nature of this game that alone can push you to want to be the best you can. Give it time, and the chance. Give it the effort, and the will, and you will enjoy this game.ORIGINAL POSTING AFTER 30 HOURS IN GAMEDialogue Transcript of how to ask for help to take out the archers.""Yes Mi'lord?""""Take out those Dreaded Archers!""""No Mi'lord.""""I need HELP!""""HELP!""""HELLLLLLLLLP!""""No Mi'lord.""""Come hither!""""Get those archers!""""No, Mi'lord.""""Yes Mi'lord.""And that's the story of how we slaughtered every archer on the enemy team. This game is amazing. Get it. Or you're a rat scallion and I'll tickle your catastrophe if you don't."
76561198079466497,Recommended,219640,12558868,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,ANGELA,NICE GAMES:)
,Recommended,219640,24565156,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DRUGS,If there is a gore in a game its probably funny
76561198020957794,Recommended,219640,10087198,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Fernand,"Bad game, bought it for a scrotum amount of money and played twice with my nippels hard, was bad."
76561198157102834,Recommended,219640,24423478,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,DraGonSource,"not all the old games is bad...,but you need give this game a try.and that all."
,Recommended,219640,5010681,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,aboodi ksa,this is hilaroius games i recommending you to try this game
,Recommended,219640,2611848,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Anon,"A really good game, I can recommend this to all of my friends.It feels pretty strange when you play it for the first time, but once you are used to it you should love it.You can play a lot of different gamemods, like FFA if you just want to have fun. You can just play on your own without worrying about your team.But there are also objective missions that require teamplay. Like storming into the enemy Castle and killing their King.You can chose different classes. If the enemy team has a lot of archers you can play as a knight and use your shield to hied from their arrows, you can also cover your teammates this way.Another good thing about this is that we get a lot of free updates and also tools to make our own mods. You don't have to pay for DLC's, you can just download free maps from the workshop."
,Not Recommended,219640,9325530,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Nin7a,slashy slashy in the bin
76561198081415817,Recommended,219640,10649705,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Frazer☺,HAM.
,Recommended,219640,18515578,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Boötes Void,"I see the reviews for this game and the ones that stick out the most for me are from the people with 1000+ hours playing the game or the highlevels the dont recommend the game. The reviews they give are true for the most parts and thats what really sad. Dont get me wrong this game is fantastic and yes i would recomend it. The one true flaw with this game is indeed the community. This community is one of the most toxic i have been exposed too since the first time I played leauge. I cant tell you how many times ive entered a free for all only to find out thats is actually a team death match in disguise and your on niether team so it just turns into a medival gangbang. If you try to voice your opinion you instantly get a barrage of negativity and people telling you how you are just inferior at the game though you are quite literally getting 5 v 1'd somtimes but oh no your just bad at the game. I long for the days when I was just a wee level 5 playing in the low rank server with my friends and you could have geniune fun just slashing at your enemys without them 1 hitting you or spinning around like a hurricane of death. I can't tell you how many times ive been a duel server only the get utterly destroyed and when you ask the person how they are doing that they insist that you are just bad and that you shoud stop playing the game. It's players like that that shouldnt be allowed to play the game cause they quite literally made me stop playing because i thought it was hopeless, but I always felt myself getting pulled back and to just try again and again.Now im not saying that all of the high ranks are just meaners but its quite a high percentage of them. If it wasnt for the few high ranks that took time out of their day to spar with me, give me tips and pointers I dont know if i would have kept playing and I cant help but think for the other people that wernt as fortunate as myself and were pushed away from the game early because of this stuff and all the fun that they are missing because of it.However this is one of the only games where when you level up on you actually feel like your leveling up in real life. Each level I gained after level 15 was not just given to me, I had to earn it.  The more you play the more you will develop the eye to see things in the mechanics that you yourself can use to come out on top. This game is challenging and it is full of alot of BS things that people can use to kill you. But the more you play you will find your own BS to use against other people. At the end of the day high ranked battles are just who can do more stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥before your enemy can.To sum things up is this a good game? Most definately.Would I reccomend it? Yes but definately if you have a friend to play with.Is the community the best? No its not but you will find those servers somtimes where everybody isnt a colossal♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Is there some things I think should be added to the game or fixed? Yes there needs to be some sort of team level balance system so all the level 50's cant stack one team and ruin everybodys fun and people dont think they are just doing something wrong.Game: 9/10Community: -9/10Msg me if you wanna play sometime.And dont complain about feinting it was actaually intened to be in the game."
,Not Recommended,219640,8202059,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,BeatBobby [CoSPP],"For the love of all things good in this world, do not buy this game. When you play its like everyone else knows what you're going to do before you do. The shield blocking system never works, unless its an enemy shield, then it works 100% of the time."
76561198046820360,Not Recommended,219640,16409278,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Petejones58,"HOW IS THIS 25 BUCKS OFF SALE?!?!?! ITS NOT WORTH $2.50. If you want a medevil combat game, play mount and blade."
,Recommended,219640,8440892,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,vertu,After I smacked someones head off with my giant hammer I was hooked. 10/10 would bang.
,Recommended,219640,23191011,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,JAX,"This game is brutal, TOTALLY brutal and sooo much fun. Pretty easy you just find a game pick a class and you start dissecting people, lots of screams lots of head cutting arms cutting legs cutting, everything. There are four available classes they cover any taste of game play you have and all the popular medieval weapons, the game play is really simple it just needs some timing and awareness but you'll probably still get your head cut off by a teammate who just rushed in with the longest sword and had it swinging towards everybody. The graphics and the sounds are decent and it has multiple game modes, dueling a friend is fun oh and killing someone with a throwing knife to the head is very satisfying."
76561198026384756,Recommended,219640,8995600,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Shaudi,Amazing ! :D
76561198094581919,Recommended,219640,13108737,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,lλmbda,10/10 ♥♥♥♥ archers
76561198045957999,Recommended,219640,28280800,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,regaBZH,The uninstall work very well
,Not Recommended,219640,8206498,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Toxic Whiteout,"I had high expectations of this game. Don't take my review as your final answer if you want to buy this game. If you like medieval stuff that's fine. I was expecting a fast-paced FPS version of Counterstrike or Call of Duty, and that's not what I got. I didn't like it because the game seemed unfinished to me. The HUD was overly simple with no option to change it, the textures were pretty gross, and the combat was chaotic at best but very slow at worst. There are multiple ways to kill people like slashing, stabbing and overhead attacks but none of these seem very different from one another and stabbing (the one I thought would take the shortest amount of time) was almost useless because of the time it took to stab someone. On top of that, the tutorial levels glitched up for me so I wasn't able to complete them. I feel that there should have been some sort of actual mission to get you into the game, other than just the option to play with bots. The servers were very laggy for me, and I was not able to play with my friends 9 times out of 10. The textures were also very gross and reminded me of a low-quality Oblivion even when they were at max settings. Overall I'd give the game a 4/10, but I may not have played it long enough to make a decision like this. I'll play it again in the future to see if I like it more, but the community was very rude and the game itself wasn't fun for me."
,Recommended,219640,10137484,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Flying Dutchman,"Awesome game, hours of enjoyment for a low price. This is about the only game that makes my heart pound. When you earn your first triple kill you'll be giddy. It's a game of skill, it doesn't take a long time to learn how to play but it takes a long time to get good at.Some players are just insanely good at it, there are a few strange moves that really exploit the attack areas (the guys who  jump-overhead-spin are stupid), but if you stick with it, you'll learn how to counter some of these. You will die a lot unless you are a prodigy, don't be surprised if in your first dozen games you get a 1:4 k:d. I've been playing for a little while and I can generally get up to a 1:1 or a 1.5:1. As is the case with any multiplayer game, only the dedicated remain after a period of time. The weak players drop out before they get good, and this leaves the average players pitted against the experts.Overall though, an excellent game with minor weaknesses. Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,219640,19922420,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Taz,"""Is this game good?"" -Yes""Is this game fun?"" -Most of the time""Should I buy this game?"" -NoDon't get me wrong Chivalry is a fun game, but after 100+ hours, I'm bored of it, I don't want to play it again. I've seen and done what I think I can do in the game.This game is alot better (and easier) with your friends, as Chiv isn't new-user/player freindly. It filled with 'dragging', insta-kill Knights and Vanguards and less of the 'weaker', yet quicker classes on duel servers.It seems the game is slowly dying, and becoming a-lot more un-stable (crashes and game probles/bugs).Chivalry isn't a play-to-win game, all the extra weapons and armour and simply cosmetic. It is however, a game that if you want to get good, you need to practise ALOT, and defeat alot of 'cheesing' profesional players.One of the things I hate about this game is that feinting, a part of the game designed to be used, is classed and a 'noob' play, but dragging isn't, its praised. Dragging does take skill, but so does feinting. And the Chiv community are butt-hurt about this.and don't get me started on the community!I'm kinda glad I don't have to be part of this again. It was a good game, but its dead to me now."
76561198006406732,Not Recommended,219640,24959960,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Creepr,Chivalry: Medieval Warfare.... nah reverse overhead swing exploit simulator.
,Not Recommended,219640,23409226,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,the sorry guy man,One of the wierdest and most fun fps games ever! Some people call it hat simulator and I can see why there are tons of hats from strange hats to unusual hats this game is all about hats!
,Not Recommended,219640,23734735,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kaway,♥♥♥♥♥game.
,Recommended,219640,9885656,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,GalbEnus,"There isn't much to say about this game. It can be hilariously funny or it can come up with a mind blowing intensity and seriousity.This game gives me a lot satisfaction ... even if you're in a funny situation or not. You'll never get that satisfaction in any other multiplayer game ... that satisfaction when you kill someone. It's like you're in the game and you manage to survive, to be at the top of the world.It's hard to get bored by this game... at the beginning will be kinda hard and frustrating for you, but also fun. Once you'll get in touch, it will be damn insane to simply stop playing it after 1 hour.Graphics are as nice as the engine and the sound. Totally recommend this game."
,Recommended,219640,28228203,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Shameful,Knight 2: Stabs Knight 1 in the chestKnight 1: Thank you brother!Knight 2: Hahahohohoho
,Recommended,219640,16707576,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"There are quite many shooters out there - shooters that resemble Counter-Strike. They are fast-paced, easy-to-learn but hard-to-master, full of achievements and various challenges and the ability to create your own levels or certain mods can only increase their almost neverending shelf life.Now, if - by any chance - you feel a tiny bit bored and tell yourself ""hey, let's look for something else"" then Chivalry is a game for you. Fast-paced? Yes. Has tons of achievements? Yes. You can look for custom-made levels and server only offering modded stages? Yes. Is it challenging? Yes: while you can quickly pick up the pace mastering a class or one of its weapons takes time.While many characteristics are similar to other games Chivalry requires you to use melee combat. Well, 3 classes out of 4 are knights or knight-like soldiers and the 4th one is the archer (I guess he is Chivalry's very own sniper!). These guys differ from each other in strength and speed. For instance, a knight is massive in size, is full of armor and due to its strength only he can wield a warhammer. Now, a Man-At-Arms may be smaller, but he is a tough fellow to fight as he can dodge your attacks and while he certainly takes his time to off a knight he uses his spear faster and with longer reach.As you make progress and collect experience points more and more weapons are unlocked. Too bad some require to be bought and the same goes for some of the customisation options which are pretty much useless (i.e. they do not have a game changing role, they really are just cosmetics).But then again the loadout has its variations: you can pick secondary and tertiary weapons if you will. A knight can have throwable, smaller axes with him or can be aided by a shield. Different loadouts offer different tactics. You may find a completely different set which makes you realise that, again, you need to devote time to master the very same class!But this is not a problem as Chivalry is a lot of fun! Heads roll, limbs fly away - all realistically thanks to the Unreal engine which is also an indication of the decent graphics you have for this game. The epic medieval battle score accompanying the action can only make you stay longer.Some of the game modes are easy to recognise: the good old free-for-all or deathmatch or capture-the-flag. But then we have duels so that friends can test how good their skills are and we also have objective-based missions. These always require one faction to complete various tasks while attacking the enemy: kill the peasants in the nearby village, burn the granary and the wheat fields, move a bomb cart to the castle front door and in the end you just might be asked to behead the king once and for all.As for the community? The same old story exists here as does elsewhere: votekicks are regularly initiated. At first, you think you've been kicked out for no apparent reason. But then you realise Chivalry does have friendly fire - be careful when you swing your recently earned Messer sword as it can cost your teammates' lives! On the upside, though: with great team comes great cooperation and nothing feels better when you set an enemy on fire with your oil pot while your teammate decapitates the running / burning / howling / soon-to-be-enraged gamer.Chivalry enjoys a regular discount of 90% which means it will only cost you 1.5 euros. It is a really good price for a game with this many levels and game modes. It is an almost 3-year old game - yet, it delivers. With dedication, patience and time you can get the necessary finesse to become a Chivalry knight!"
,Not Recommended,219640,12768938,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,"Grink ""Skyrim the 13th"" da Boy",DLCvalry: Medieval DLCfare is more like itUnlock the rest of this review for $7.99
,Recommended,219640,13830693,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,asfuk,Best Laughing SimulatorBest Teamwork SimulatorBest Teamkill SimulatorBest Server SimulatorBest Skin SimulatorBest Best
76561198086705444,Not Recommended,219640,12593536,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Lucid,As much as I want to enjoy the game - it's really fun but sadly I have no servers that have lower than 150ms ping (asian region).
76561198033158975,Recommended,219640,10140045,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Moonwalker 👌🏻,When you kill someone in this game they will scream BLUURGHAABLRAAGHH or variations of that.10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,30158859,Posted: 24 February,all,lil nibba,trash
,Recommended,219640,16069507,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,"RJ, The Last OG [KORT]","Have you ever wanted to lop someone's head off? Have you ever wanted to taste the glory of the battlefield? If you salivate at the prospect of a competitive, online, medieval-style war game with siege warfare and bloodcurdling screams,  then BUY THIS GAME!!!  I'd give it a 8.5/10, but incredibly addicting!  Most players you will notice have 1k+ hours.I will give you some deets if you are on the fence/generally interested but not convinced. Slightly lengthy but compiled well.--------<PRO'S>--------COMBAT:-The combat system is more robust than anything else out there.-Ability to drag (slow down) and accelerate (speed up) attacks by moving your mouse certain ways.-Overheads, stabs, and horizontal attacks are all in melee possibility along with kicks and shield bashes.-Spacing, positioning, situational awareness, teamwork, dodging projectiles, siege warfare, timing, and skill are pivotal.-Ability to parry attacks, block with a shield, riposte attacks, and dodge (if Men At Arms)-Your attacks seem to have real weight and consequences to missing as opposed to something like mount & blade or war of the roses.GAME MODES:Each game mode benefits a growing player's skills as each will get you good at certain aspects of the game.  There are also a few different mods out there. Some for competitive play (mercs), and some for fun (black knight, giantslayer, laserswords, horde)-Team Deathmatch-----(Good at building teamwork and straight-to-the-point kill tactics)-Free For All------------(Better for learning situational awareness and being ""in the♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;)-Capture the Flag-------(Also good at building teamwork and battle tactics)-King of the Hill---------(Helps build team engagement prowess and situational awareness)-Duel Yards-------------(Good at learning 1vs1 tactics and the nicities of fighting an opponent/parrying)-Team Objective-------(the longest and most fun/immersive IMHO. Promotes teamwork towards a common goal.)VOICE ACTING:Now this is something you wouldn't think would be a huge part of the game, but it adds a lot of depth. Especially when used in the right context by players. each class for both Agatha and Mason have about 20 different voice commands, each with 5 varieties of what is said for that ""command"", along with a battlecry.  This brings a new level of immersion to the battlefieldCLASS SELECTION:Fairly simple, but effective class selection.  Four classes, each balanced in their own respect with a different playstyle for each.  Tons of weapon selection with a basic enough principle for each. Different Damage, Reach, Speed, and preferred attack for max damage. (For examples spears have better stab attacks while axes have better overheads.)-Knight    (most health and armor, heavy hitting, slower weapons and run speed)-Vanguard    (Moderate health and armor, very long weapons, cannot combo with spears-types, charge attack)-Men At Arms    (Low health and armor, very fast attack/movement, can use firepots, has dodge)-Archer    (piddly health and armor, 1shot by almost all knight weapons, medium speed, excel at killing from afar)------------<NEUTRAL>------------ADVANCED TACTICS:The game has a lot of fine nuances. This actually fleshes out the combat system even more for competitive purposes, adding a lot of depth. Tactics that have been adapted over the game's lifetime are utilized by a lot of high-tier players. These include:-The fabled reverse overhead-Head Feints-Feinting-Rubberbanding-Target switching-Combo-feint-to-parryThe reason this is neutral is because on one hand, I don't think a lot of these tactics were intended, but rather were discovered throughout the community to be effective means of utilizing the game mechanics. On the other hand, they really start to take away from the game's immersive nature. In rare situations, with desync, these can seem like exploits.---------<CON'S>---------NEW PLAYERS:This game has a fairly unforgiving learning curve. I suggest any new player play the tutorial before playing online against other players, and to experiment with all of the classes while playing until you find the class that best suits your playstyle.  This will ensure 1.) that you end up playing the class you were fated to and 2.) that you at least understand from firsthand experience what the other classes are capable of when you are fighting them.GLITCHES & DESYNC:-Every now and again you will get caught in an odd place, possibly something like a step, an awkward corner, a small rock, an odd crevice. In this situation you'll have to press F10 to kill yourself or someone can kick you out of it if you're lucky.-Desync will occur sometimes. This basically means your game client and the server don't agree on what is going on, despite what may appear to be happening on your screen.  Sometimes you will experience a stab that seemed way too freaking fast, an animation that didn't seem to quite play, or someone rubberbanding around somehow.  It doesn't happen enough where it's overwhelmingly noticeable. In fairness, these issues can be expected in any online game, but are only particularly frustrating in chivalry because time, space, and visuals are such an important element in the complex combat system.All in all, if you are even slightly interested in the aforementioned aspects of a medieval deathfestival, you cannot pass this game up if it 50% off or more.It offers the most emmersive medieval melee combat experience out there.  It has the capacity to be both hilarious as all hell and competative to a stressful point (if you pursue competitive). There have been games where I have gone ten+ lives in a row without killing a soul.  Then the next life, by the grace of valhalla, I will go on a 7 man killing spree involving a legitimate 4v1 situation and lop a few heads, and it gets me rock hard.  These are the moments I live for in chivalry."
,Recommended,219640,16082177,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,[OpK] Sagittarius,"Interesting and exciting gameplay, tough and competitive multiplayer fights and easy to handle at the same time, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a very good game.Graphically, the game is nice. Good-looking lighting, cool effects, gory and brutal visuals.If you expect solo missions, don't hold your breath: this game is all about multiplayer slaughtering. If this is not your cup of tea, avoid it, but if you want a fair multiplayer experience, then try it right NOW.8/10 - Would go on a medieval rampage again.FOR THE IRON GLOVES!"
,Recommended,219640,10215051,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Laigon,Run around screaming while on fire with the swords and the death while your team mates beat you to death with your own corpse.7/10
,Recommended,219640,9876260,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Quarter Pounder With Cheese,I LIKE THIS GAME. I LIKE KIT KAT.
76561198057269234,Recommended,219640,9729023,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,13eBLEStealth,Very nice game i love the head chopping and arm slicing parts beutifull
,Recommended,219640,7948799,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,{FoP} Jan Michael Vincent,best game evaaaaaaaaa
,Recommended,219640,17681391,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Atomflunder2,at the time writing this tjis game is my favorite game im just going to say what is great:--taunts--BLOOOODDD--battle cryes--mods like black knight--crazy community (in a good way)the list goes on and on...
,Recommended,219640,6623473,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,Kuyo †,un fantastico juego para reirse y pasarselo bien
,Recommended,219640,13681682,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,// Cfalzy Ⅴ [32nd],Screamed than cut off a mans head 10/10
,Recommended,219640,9094513,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,|ĶأĻă|-| ѠأṦℰℳαϞ,one of the best games i have ever played.
76561197989998171,Not Recommended,219640,8817610,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,FSCBSoldat,"What a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not worth the $5 sale price. Cannot rank past level 5 due to a serious bug, hence only get a fraction of the weapons in game and hence cannot unlock anything else.And yet they had the time to release the Greatest Warrior expansion for $15 instead of fixing the base game.Very laggy, very buggy, very few servers in Australia ie less than 10, with only 3 or 4 busy at a time.Basically just a money-making rip-off.Torn Banner have good ideas and good map design, but apparently have no knowledge of netcode, QA or their responsibility to the consumer. Do not buy this rubbish."
,Recommended,219640,17853783,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Siegwolde of Ludenbeorg,"Don't get me wrong, I like the game a lot. It's easily my most played game and it can be really fun, but where this game falls short is the community. Most players are just using exploits, crouching while bending their spines backwards and swinging all over the ♥♥♥♥ing place with a wide of of general dickishness. It is not fun whatsoever to play against, and it can really ruin the experience.On top of that the community is generally childish, whiny, and hypocritical. They will use mouse dragging exploits to get cheap hits off of you as well as crouch upward swings and then say ""dude it's in the game stop whining omg"" but as soon as you feint once everyone loses their ♥♥♥♥ing minds.This game has a massive learning curve to it. New players don't stand a chance against more experienced players (which is pretty normal but still) which can be frustrating at first. Want to improve however? If you try asking for help you will be greeted with a massive army of 12 year olds telling you to kill yourself. Honestly I'd turn off chat if not for the very small percentage of players who try to communicate with their teams.Basically game modes go as follows. Duels are full of whining, ragequitting, and flamewars. Team objective is filled with stacked teams who dominate low ranking players, kicking players who are better than them. Free for all is full of teaming and exploits, with the occasional speed hacker. I havent played much capture the flag so I wont say much on it.That being said, is this still a good game? Yup. As you can probably tell by my steam name, I am a huge medieval enthusiast, with two catagories to my steam games; medieval and other. I'd honestly say this is one of the best (if not the best) multiplayer medieval games on the market. Playing with friends can be very enjoyable as long as everyone realizes it's just a ♥♥♥♥ing game (looking at you angsty level 30+'s).So please, if you play this game try to be a good member of the community. Help newer players, dont be crouching balllerina, have fun and above all else don't be a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,219640,4736288,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,elEric ♥,"This is immense fun, easy to grasp and is extremely satisfying when you decapitate two people with a halberd."
,Not Recommended,219640,17676359,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,leichenteil,"Game is fun, community is horrible."
,Recommended,219640,17683994,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,☠|zℕ|☠ FάtεChάngεr™,So nice game at his type the best
76561198015926337,Recommended,219640,15649483,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Emilie Autumn,awesome stabby cut
,Recommended,219640,16627982,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Angol,"teammate got a triple kill, i was one of them"
76561198059677142,Recommended,219640,10767912,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,markukri the sea dinosaur,I had fun. You will have fun.
,Not Recommended,219640,20021242,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BamStar,kil nigs
76561198080898804,Not Recommended,219640,18414298,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Acnologia,Thats a pretty big sword!are you compensating for something?Best taunting simulatorMount and blade is better
,Not Recommended,219640,8436684,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[FJT] Gordon.F,Aivan ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198176645947,Not Recommended,219640,20326692,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Darth Sxasz,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198042032387,Recommended,219640,12562999,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Kronos,Metal objects.
76561198055462064,Recommended,219640,18489211,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,"Dr. Mantis Toboggon, MD. (Grag)",Cant. Stop. Playing
76561198010881393,Recommended,219640,18488529,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,TheFoxerNL,"i like this game, but its weird how you can dominate in the < lvl 15 servers, and then get rekt in the 'normal' servers."
,Recommended,219640,6542189,"Posted: 11 March, 2013",all,c³,"Very fun, old fashioned game. I love playing it."
76561198087345788,Recommended,219640,8929108,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,America Lover,Beast game
,Recommended,219640,8711197,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Debooch,YOU NEED TO BE IN A REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD MOOD TO PLAY THIS GAME.
,Recommended,219640,17168806,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Fauno com Labirintite,COME HITHER!
,Not Recommended,219640,16656233,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Putzmeister,"-Worst community ever.-Full of exploits.+Meh whatever, it's cheap."
,Recommended,219640,8060663,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Surge Aquos,"A good, fun, gory first person melee action game, Chivalry sticks you right in the armour of a medieval knight as you fight on vast battlefields, hacking each other to pieces as you spar with your opponents for domination. With four classes each working in their own way, and a plethora of weapons to use, you can truly make the knight you wish to be, whether a nimble man at arms, dodging strikes then counteracting with a flurry of blows, the reckless vanguard charging into battle with powerful running attacks, the unstoppable knight with his thick armour, or the ranged archer, bringing foes down from a distance. With a mix of game modes and some incredibly enjoyable objective gametypes that focus around some pretty gritty depictions of warfare (such as plaguing cities with corpse wagons, or pillaging cities and murdering the peasants) as well as your general free for all matches, there's something for everyone in this game.And if you fancy a hand at a chivalry with more combat variety, look no further than the Deadliest Warrior expansion, pitting some of history's greatest warriors to battle against each other with all new weapons and abilities. With six completely different character classes from the blunderbuss-wielding pirate to honourable samurai and the vicious viking berserkers, deadliest warrior provides a fun, senseless murder-fest with these figures of history to see which was strongest."
76561198060186396,Recommended,219640,16853508,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Brainhacker5,"Ever wanted that game where you're a knight in shining armor and you can cleave your foes in two!? No!? Well too bad, because this game has it!Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a multiplayer game which does exactly what I stated previously and nothing more. What's better than seeing your worst enemy's head chopped off and into a pit? Nothing, because it's a sight to behold.There is a story behind this game which is explained if you play the tutorial, which is a great help, as there are a decent sum of buttons you need to learn before you storm the castle. There are four classes each with their own unique abilites; Archer, Man-at-Arms, Vanguard, and Knight. That goes from least armored to most armored, some doing more damage than others. Two teams, a Red vs. Blue style, the Agatha Knights and the Mason Order.If you're not too huge for multiplayer like myself, fret not, you can fight bots. This isn't like any other game though, there's no difficulty setting. I'd place the bots at around an average player's style, they don't really counter your attacks much, but that makes it all the better if you're there to smash some skulls and nothing more. Though the AI is rather dumbfounded when they see themselves in a TDM, you're better off placing them in a free-for-all in a small map so you can get the most action possible.The one downfall to this game though is it's price. Twenty-five dollars doesn't sound too bad with all the good things to it, but if you wanna get some cool looking weapons without having to rank up, you're gonna have to spend some extra cash to make your character look like the person you want. You'd be better off getting it on sale for 5$-10$ and buying the DLC for it as it will probably be on sale too.Overall, though, this game get's an 8.4/10 in my book. It's fun to shout at your comrades or your computer as you gloriously stomp on your enemy's dead bodies and chop off their balls because you're one of those people."
76561198123558059,Recommended,219640,16070688,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,"Ragnarok, Swaglord IV of Ireland","Currently im just playing this game as part of the free weekend. Warning: addicitive, needs to be something that shows up on the menu because after the few hours it took to download i havent looked up from my computer at all. im going to buy it. someone help me. i feel like im going to be absorbed into it. help."
,Recommended,219640,9664829,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Leep,"Chivalry is, simply put, an outstanding game. It has game modes to suit any gaming experience from the more casual TDM and FFA to the very exciting Duel, Team Objective, and Last Team Standing (Duel and LTS being my favorites). The weapons are many and well balanced; success depends more on skill than loadout. The combat system is fairly simple to learn and rewarding to master. Graphics are excellent (make sure that your machine can handle them).The game has benefited well from updating: animations now are smoother than ever before, and the customization feature allows players to change helmets (and also to raise their visors or remove them altogether), logos (on shields an armor), and the colors of clothing and shields. Expect more top-notch content as fans in the Steam community submit new maps and modifications. With battle experience ranging from massed infantry confrontations to careful skirmishing and even one-on-one duels, the game delivers thrills on every front. Each fight is a confrontation of different play styles and loadouts, each with advantages and disadvantages. Team play is just that: don't expect success taking on the enemy team by yourself. In all, Chivalry has a lot to offer the casual player and even more for those who like to put time into mastering the game. A must-buy for anyone interested in the Medieval ages or archaic combat in general. Did I mention the voice acting? ""You rapscallion, I'll tickle your catastrophe!""-Leep"
,Recommended,219640,8943800,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Degrelle,wenis wompa 1
,Recommended,219640,10171856,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,sKrissy,Chivalry.. i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game
,Recommended,219640,8939957,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,chaos2601,"Chivalry is a good game that needs a good pc to run, when i first got the game i couldnt play it because of my pc but i still tried because thats how much i enjoyed the game. After getting a good pc i managed to get good and ended up being quite good at it.The game will most likely seem hard to play at the start but dont let down, after a while you will find your best class and get all them kills!Pros:The graphics are decent and the blood is niceReally fun to behead peopleIf you have friends with this game you can have  a tornimentYou don't need friends for this game to be greatAchievements are cool and there are cards to collectCons:There are some tatcics that you and others will hate, wether it be you using it or it being used on you e.g. fainting or dragging.A really good pc is needed to run this game without lag (and on the good graphic settings)Some of the servers are deadThere will be rage moments from lag or from enemy tactics that get really annoyingYou can always be VSing a enemy way above your skill level.Overall i would reccomend this game for its head removal moments and would rate is 9/10"
,Recommended,219640,13039540,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Daven Lannister,"Saw my head rolling on ground :DChop,Chop,CHOP-CHOP!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,12153606,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,NAVYSEALDOGGO,WoweVery battleSuch GameMuch steel
,Recommended,219640,13654449,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Oskar The Groucho,"Fast packed, action packed and the way online combat should be played. Its a great game to waste a couple hours on, or just play it with your buddies.8.5/10.0"
76561198068052550,Recommended,219640,13216110,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Mr. Lgallardo,Nice game:D
,Recommended,219640,13232168,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Lazarus ツ,Top game..  A must for any gamer...
,Recommended,219640,13269984,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,YOU DIED,"Locked in a struggle for survival with a skilled knight.We trade blows, each dealing damage to the other.Down to our last reserves of strength, I swing first hoping my blade will connect....Suddenly my head explodes and my arms and legs detach.A single crossbow bolt protrudes from my spine.The other knight is then swarmed by poleaxe wielders and turned into a meat smoothie....I quit the game and do something productive with my life."
76561198141702726,Not Recommended,219640,13143791,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,lexingtonaustin,"this game sucks i want my 28 dollers back. This game thrives on picking on new players and if your going to get this game,be ready to get wrecked by everyone and everything you see.dont worry about getting better in the game you cant get better due to the facts that the mechanics are so clunky evrything is based on luck and dear god if you swing when your not supposed to equals death.There is  no such thing as balance in this game so be prepared to meet your downfall as a gamer."
,Recommended,219640,1784693,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,Tyrgrim,"300+ hours of playtime, and I'm still not bored of it. Says a lot.With the right players you'll have a blast. Can not remember the last time I had this much fun in multiplayer.Even with the numerous bugs and exploits, it's still a hell of a game to kill the time with!CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRGEEEEE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGHHHHHHHHUUUUUUAA!!!"
,Recommended,219640,12391973,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Blitzᄿ,My first impression was boring and hard to play.1 hour later i find myself shouting ''for gondor!!!''Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,219640,10921900,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Forgewolf,"I bought this game for $5 during the Summer Sales and I would have gladly paid at least $10 for this game. The learning curve is fairly smooth, but can take time to get the hang of it. Do all of the training first and listenign carefully! There is a competitive feel to this game as well, so this isn't for those full-ime casuals.. Challenging, Fun and sometimes entertaing."
,Recommended,219640,8360233,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,＊－﹞Tamanor﹝－＊,Very fun game to play with friends
,Not Recommended,219640,28561128,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,BarryTheLarry,bad
,Recommended,219640,8237978,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,mike,basically blade symphony but with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community and 1st person
76561197985821888,Recommended,219640,10367073,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,kuemmel,"One of, if not the best first person ""melee fighting"", middle-ages game you'll find.If you like games like Dark Messiah Of Might And Magic, The Elder Scrolls for their level of immersion during combat, you might like this game. Chivalry delivers this even better by making the slashes, thrusts and blocks feel very powerful.  The swinging feels just right, while a game like Skyrim can feel kind of slow.There is a lot you can do with the mechanics. You have about seven ways to attack your foe but combined with the right mouse-motions and timing the opportunities are larger than you might think.There are the basic game-modes(FFA,TD,D,CTF,HTF,a rush(complete a task to go further) like mode and dueling(""1on1""), and enough maps for some diverse fighting. Sometimes you can use your surroundings(catapults, pits, spikes) to your advantage. A lot of the European weapon types of the middle ages are to be found. I would have loved to see more Arabic, African and East-European weapons.Of course this game is purely multiplayer, there is some kind of story, told through events and maps(and the tutorial), but that's just a reason for the action.There are some minor silly things like very slow swinging stats on the greater weapons.Playing this game can be quite aggravating, especially with bad performance or a high ping. The community is not the best either, if you are the kind that stays away from popular games because of this, you might look elsewhere.I have some minor performance issues on my machine(which runs other games of this generation without complaint).The graphics are well enough for a game like this. There is a lot of gore which fits the setting.The audio adds to the high level of immersion, but does not stand out to me.The DLC makes the mechanics even better, but feels not as balanced and is even worse in performance. And of course there is not much of a “setting”."
76561198050299744,Recommended,219640,8626988,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,The Swolmeister,"Combat is natural, and flows perfectly. The archery system is strange at first, but once mastered, is extremely fun. Many maps and game modes, all of witch are fun. There is even a little bit of character customization. This game has only one major flaw, and that is that anyone can try to kick you from a server for no reason at all. So if you buy/have this game, be warry of being good at combat, it can often times get you kicked."
,Not Recommended,219640,10739237,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,CodeRed1715,"Blah.  Maybe my expectations were too high.  Like meeting a chick from the internet and then learning why she never showed her body in the photos you saw, and it turns out she's a fatty."
,Recommended,219640,11425472,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,"Thot, but unironically.",probably the best first person melee combat in any game ever
,Recommended,219640,8722638,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,RonaldMcFondles,Best Screaming Simulator of 2013.
,Recommended,219640,9537890,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Nove,Very fun and different game then the rest. Medieval style mulitplayer = great fun!
,Not Recommended,219640,7854467,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Thomas Boonty,This game sucks. nothing like Mrs. Pacman.
76561197975619885,Not Recommended,219640,8177296,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,bingo_rr,"It's no mount & blade, more of a gimicky button masher"
,Recommended,219640,8184611,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,c0mplex,Awesome game. Lots of fun and makes my friends and I laugh with the perfectly recorded screams lol...
,Recommended,219640,7804021,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,SteveHolt!,This is the benchmark for what GOOD melee combat in games should be.
76561198060823645,Recommended,219640,7862825,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Zaddarzon  (Shia),so ♥♥♥♥in adicting
,Recommended,219640,7902669,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,asbim,"Pretty addictive combat system, with a lot to it, and is surprisingly deep for a multiplayer game, with multiple ways to attack your opponents, and to knock them off guard. However, this isn't a ""easy to learn, difficult to master situation"", this is one of the most unforgiving and frustrating games I've played in recent years, because everyone I've played against is a bloody master swordsman. It's also frustrating how bloody slow you are, even the lightest class moves slower than I'd imagine, which is realistic, but it's not fun I take 30 seconds to get to the battlefield and then I die 5 seconds later and respawn. Rince and repeat and I want to strangle something! However I have to say that it's pretty funny respawning to random screams of thick-headed knights who've never heard of stealth. But the better aspects include the satisfaction of a kill (rare as they are) the variety of classes and weapons for each of them, the variety of game modes, which will keep you entertained, and the sheer joy of pretending to be a knight in Medieval combat.I bet this would be fun to play with friends, but my friends suck and either hate or just don't own this game. -_-Final Score 7/10"
,Recommended,219640,8177998,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,KingMaric,Epic win~
76561198013133880,Recommended,219640,8429292,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,A C D C,Exceeded all my expectations! Congratulations Torn Banner Studios!
,Recommended,219640,12867937,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Spiderfork,"REAL WORLD PROBLEMS IN AUSTRIA HUNGRY, SUPPORT OUR TROOPS."
,Not Recommended,219640,13064264,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,TF2 is shit now. SHIT!,garbage game perpetual beta notdarksouls/10 cant go fast
,Recommended,219640,12851816,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Guy Fieri,Smashed some guys head in with my fist 11/10
76561198058852218,Recommended,219640,13022383,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Skipii,Ran around dodging enemy bots for 10 minutes throwing torchers at them while playing the benny hill theme song 1000/1000
,Recommended,219640,11595307,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Nightman,it is good
,Not Recommended,219640,10727886,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Corpsegrinder,game feels too clunky too me just my opinion like the idea but dont like the fighting mechanics.
76561198094660595,Recommended,219640,14501885,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,RabbiOreo,"difficult at start but once you get the hang of it,get ready for some blood filled mayhem!"
,Recommended,219640,12704064,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Ṽαnїℓℓα (:,"Intense! Mind Boggling and New! This game shows very similar characteristics as that of it's Long Lost Cousin 'Mount & Blade'. A Hack and Slash game as good as this one.. It's suprising that it hasn't gotten more attention. Extremely Addicting and makes you feel the 'Rush' most Warriors in the Medieval Era faced when engaging in combat! Warriors, Archers, Bombers, Knife Throwers! All are important when being victorious, who will you be?"
76561197995364531,Not Recommended,219640,13072351,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Noby,"Its fun as long as you stay under lvl15, cause everyone plays it how its meant to be played.After that whole game ruined.All ""PRO"" players just set up their mouse DPI to highest possible and keep spinning middle map killing everyone..."
,Recommended,219640,8447591,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SeymourThrob,Vari Niec gAmie!!! i raet 1ooo/10!! Muest Pley!
,Recommended,219640,8551179,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,AleXand3r,Really good game
,Recommended,219640,8648345,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Skellington,Pretty much my favorite game on Steam.10/10
,Recommended,219640,8683666,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Steve Wilkos lv.54 Chairmaster,my favourite mode is when i pretend to be a double trouvble agent and i betray my own king with oil pots. ♥♥♥♥ archers pussie gamers playw ith sworgs like a real mans u scrubs
76561197964950005,Recommended,219640,8706523,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,geefunsunbonus,"Yes, I would like to recommend this game, but it's not...Honestly i'ts not good at the moment and you shouldn't download it.Too many bugs, ranking does not work, and the weapon unlocks do not work either.Apart from that, the game is a lot of fun to play, the voices are really monty python-ish and is also what sets the mood in the servers, you play to have fun.If the game has solved the issues I have posted here, I would definitely say buy this game."
76561198045841716,Recommended,219640,9444046,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Pastafarian,"Chivalry is a fantastic game. It will frustrate you, annoy you, and then suddenly you will be playing great and it feels good too. I'd really recommend it."
76561198077357517,Recommended,219640,9611664,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Machine Gun Steal,"A really good Medivel game. But needs a campainge mode and maybe some challenges or missions. Right now its just a couple of objective maps you can't play without other real people, and beat em up and slash em dead combat with NPCs. Don't get me wrong I LOVED this game for the first few weeks, but then i just kind of lost interest. The only reason i have this is because i say the Yogscast play War of Roses in a video. And after a couple of months i needed a new Steam game and just forgot the name of the game they played. So instead of War of Roses, I got Chivalry: Mediveal Warfare. A mistake is what lead me to this. Which proves its unpopularity. Yet it was a mistake that lead me to a fun game. So A great game but probably won't last much longer bceasue after about 3 years, ITS STILL IN BETA!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,7883108,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Emperoar,No other game is relevant at the moment.
,Recommended,219640,3389393,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Ereador,Gory hack-and-slash fun for the whole family.
,Recommended,219640,7618204,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,X.E.L-27,"such gameplay,.much bloodso deadlymore funwow"
,Recommended,219640,1056392,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,+Viper,This game allows me to enjoy my sick twisted dismemberment thoughts in an online game with other ♥♥♥♥ed up people.
,Recommended,219640,10939183,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,NotMoses @Quakecon2017,great dismemberment.
76561198073049240,Recommended,219640,10715613,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,(6thIN) Eclipse,I cut someones head off and played soccer with it. 1000/10!
,Recommended,219640,10529432,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,hellonfire30,"Great game focused on melee combat with a more precise and active mechaninc that the commonplace melee combat in most games. Like a FPS, but focused on melee. The fighting mechanic is fun and the different classes and weapons vary combat and fighting styles. Great multiplayer game for anyone who likes swords."
,Recommended,219640,11818259,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Little Doggo,"This game is like eating a banana and watching youtube, it's addicting and absolutely fantastic! Great purchase :D"
,Recommended,219640,10158501,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Noob-Noob,"WOW! I got this game on a free weekend expecting it to be Age of Chivalry (the mod) with better graphics and the ability to cut off arms as well. I was pleasantly surprised.I found interesting components added to no other medieval first-person game like the ability to kick, dodging and feinting. There were fully customizable classes (four of them) and the system was much better than AoC ever was. There is is a full map editor that comes included in the game and can be launched in the launcher.Plus, you can see your feet when you look down! (SUPER BONUS!!!)"
,Recommended,219640,10259506,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Elder the Younger,"Chivalry is like animal porn, it's not for everyone. For the people who like it, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic.It requires patience, at first everyone's a final boss and you've just left home to go on an adventure. Be humble and try to learn from your mistakes, the skill ceiling is very high so it'll take some time until you become one of those final bosses.And even after playing for so long, learning the mechanics and becoming a pretty formidable fighter the little things like decapitations and medieval taunts still get me, ""your brain is as dry as a biscuit after a long voyage""."
76561198105641976,Recommended,219640,10528964,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Jordan shooter,Best hack 'n' slash I've ever played. Also the voice commands are just genius.
76561198024341978,Recommended,219640,10991257,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Moneyman785b,"Bought it on sale, $5. Grabbed a pole hammer, smashed someones head in. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,10910859,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,erie9,this is a good goddam game and you should buy it play with any of the 3 wepons from any of the 4 classes  theres so much in teamwork in this game unless your playing duel mode then its a 1v1 witch is badass you and an other person! theres so much more but i want you to play the game and have fun learning all the rest i left out so go and buy the dam game nnnnoooowwww!!!!!!!!!!
76561198111867038,Recommended,219640,13644454,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,gary spievey,"idk what to put so heres a waffle recipe:Ingredients:2 eggs2 cups all-purpose flour1 3/4 cups milk1/2 cup vegetable oil1 tablespoon white sugar4 teaspoons baking powder1/4 teaspoon salt1/2 teaspoon vanilla extractSteps:1.) Preheat waffle iron. Beat eggs in large bowl with hand beater until fluffy. Beat in flour, milk, vegetable oil, sugar, baking powder, salt and vanilla, just until smooth.2.) Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray. Pour mix onto hot waffle iron. Cook until golden brown. Serve hot."
,Recommended,219640,13045940,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,0xB16B00B5,
,Recommended,219640,10969078,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sothern,"This game is call of duty medievalfied. A brilliant game with an amazing combat system, detailed maps and a great community. Really consider about purchasing this game you wont regret it!"
76561198046000441,Recommended,219640,13137396,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,StingerB33,"""Tis but a scratch"" - 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,10880680,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cpt. Blacktree,"I do indeed recomend this for a jolly good time with swords, shields, and other weapons of melee!"
76561198000902916,Recommended,219640,7850505,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Níðhöggr,"Best melee-slasher combat game.Buy it,right now."
,Recommended,219640,10990878,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Guahos,I got the double-decapitation achievement. For occasional cutting off heads of two teammates at the same time.
,Recommended,219640,5425360,"Posted: 5 March, 2013",all,Killua,"Im in love with this game, i dont really have much time to play it but i can say you need to buy this if you want to play a different game, nowadays most popular games are fps (first person shooters), this is a very different way to have fun. Its a great concept and everything is balanced. If you are thinking about getting it do it i am sure you wont be regret about your decision. Can't really wait for new Torn Banner Studios game"
,Recommended,219640,8148744,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,✪Î¢êÇø|ḏ✪,"This game is a lot of fun. It takes a bit to get used to, and some patience to learn how arrows fly, or when to block and duck, but once you get that down, you can handle yourself. A good connection isn't a must have, but will help out a lot. It's fun to see all the bodies on the floor, and how you can dismember the other players when you hit them with a hammer, or an axe. I recommend this game to anyone who likes Medieval games."
76561198086037294,Recommended,219640,8379974,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Soils,Awesome game but very buggy at the moment
76561198014077958,Recommended,219640,8450730,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Max Schwarzschild,"Dumb FunThis game is broken the melee combat is unresponsive and horrible, its badly optimized and every one dies stupidly fast.But its also hilarious and amazingly fun.I might not reccomend buying alone but definetly buy with a group of friends."
76561198011153587,Recommended,219640,8540030,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,sentor98,"Ok, so I've been playing this game pretty heavily for the last few weeks, including the Deadlis Warrior mode and I must say  I'm really enjoying it!  it's  a huge breathe of fresh air.  A first-person  melee combat game (with some ranged stuff thrown in) with a variety of classes each with thier own play style.  From the heavily armored knight and his poleaxe, mace, swords or crossbow;  to the lighter more trickster implied classes like the ninja and pirate with thier merried of annoyances and traps they have at thier disposal.  Of the ranged options its all fairly standard:  Knight can get a crossbow, samurai can get a large ""Yumi Bow"",  Spartans can hurl thier spears at people,  ninjas get things such as shuriken/blinding powder and the like and pirates get flintlock firearms and a molotov cocktail type thing....and the viking can hurl pretty much anything it gets its hands on.What suprises me the most about this game is the attention to physics and colision,  especially when it comes to how you play defensively.  some  classes gain varing shapes nad types of shields which can be held up and interposed between atttackers and yourself (or an ally if timed right) whos effectiveness is based on the size of the shield. while most classes get a blocking naimation that not only needs to be timed well but also has specific strikes or somes of atacks its good at repelling.For instance, the ninja and samurai have a horizontal almost shoulder height block that makes them excelelnt at deflecting vertical attacks while leaving its lower body incredibly vulnerable to low attacks.All in all this game (especialy deadliest warrior, which features the classes I've mentioned and is the version I have the most experience with) is very engaging and its a proper fun time mashing peoples faces in with my mace.  For anyone looking for a good semi-competitive game to play where you go at it like manly men from the middle ages  this is definetly something you should check out.   There is hilarity in combat and sweet sweet viceral carnage to be had as you mete out your honor and prowes over the internet.  Just be carefull,  you will be suprised during yoru first couple of sessions  with things like being hi by random blinding powder  or watching a one on one fight in a 30 man free-for-all quickly turn into a massive melee in the blink of an eye as more and more people find you and enter the fray."
,Not Recommended,219640,9837464,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Jarlos,"Very gory and painful game. (Which it's fun on the painful side)I played, It's fun, It's okay, You go SCREAMING everywhere that you like, Funny puns and MOST IMPORTANT THING, Decapitating heads.Graphics looks fine and dandy and are very laggy even if its low on your graphics system and some valve games are better than the graphics (Rumors) and has less lag on the game.Don't run this on a potato computer, it will lag the hell out of you.Plus, for asian or europeon or whatever the hell, It's not worth it anymore.You know why? Example:You go to an american server, you got 200 or higher ping, you think it's safe? Nope you get kicked out of that server in like 3-6 minutes.I wasted my time and effort to buy this game, even at the sales goddamntIf your American or something, you can just go to the server and get low ping.BEWARE: They add the ping limit because the laggers will teleport and delay attacks as well.I'm gonna say no for this. Before theres no ping limit. And now torn banner studios added it to kick the laggers.So you will join the servers without ping limitation.Lastly, Chivalry's update are very freaking big update status, like 900 megabytes per update OR ever more!And so i recommend, No, I wasted my effort in here."
,Recommended,219640,1702759,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Mortz,This game sucks you can't aim down sights and there is no kill steaks #noswag
76561198118047111,Recommended,219640,8744610,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,The White Wolf,Get it just 4 the DLC: deadliest warrior. Best game evar
,Recommended,219640,2312883,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,SirShotgun,"If you like borring games or horrible lag, then GET OFF MY GAME REVIEWS THING!This game has none of those bad traits and is fun if you like stabbing people in sheet metal."
,Recommended,219640,6137032,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,PaulDSSB,One of the most fun games I've ever played in Multiplayer.
,Recommended,219640,8185308,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Yokay,In my opinion one of the best and most fluid melee-combat games of it's time
76561198015025770,Recommended,219640,8462385,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Elkayen,YEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRGHFOR AGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Not Recommended,219640,8568861,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Proud Blackman,"this game is plagued with possibly the most inane community of any online gameglitches and exploits in the melee system are considered ""advanced tactics""this had the potential to be incredible but man it is♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198079496382,Recommended,219640,6922348,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,SupMatto |K|,Sword fighting is awesome. Who doesn't want to be a knight. Doth maketh lesser knights ye' ♥♥♥♥♥. Plus you can battle cry. FOR THE KING!!!!!
76561198067606910,Recommended,219640,7378956,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Lord Sipia,"Pretty much perfect for all your semi-realistic medieval melee'ing needs. Community could be better, though."
,Recommended,219640,8286700,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Tactical Swag,"This first person gateway into the glory of medieval combat, gives the player the opportunity to obtain a gaming experience a modern FPS cannot provide. Although sometimes rage inducing, I can always find a way to have fun. An overall good buy to just sit back, disregard stats, and screw around on. FOR AGATHA!!!8/10"
76561198055866717,Recommended,219640,8322952,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,my name stinky,Tis a great game for the whole family to enjoy... Really.  Not joking...
76561198011949886,Recommended,219640,8522319,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Stray,The most fun you can have getting you♥♥♥♥♥handed to you
,Not Recommended,219640,8529159,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,NieR Automata T-Shirt!,I hope you like latency issues.
76561198094307745,Recommended,219640,8561269,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,fagit,Worth picking up.
76561197987611360,Recommended,219640,7944915,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SexyNoodle,I have always wanted a Medieval FPS game.... and this does more than deliver. It has shoved its way to my top 5 favorite Multiplayer games of all time. Please check it out! You wont be disappointed
,Recommended,219640,10594698,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dealiosis,This game is like a slow motion fps with giant sharp things. Its great until you get destroyed by some 30 year old chump eating pizza and watching monte python on repeat on his other monitor.slow motion axe swinging and men screaming war cries.
,Not Recommended,219640,18523262,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Nameless1,"My review is negative because this game had a lot of potential that in my opinion got wasted in favour of the usual money grabbing practice of releasing expansions with random useless unaligned content with no attention on quality or balance. The base game had its flaws (never touched) but was really a pleasure to play, with patches and expansions it became filled with junk content and meaningless combat."
,Recommended,219640,18531598,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Fetty Stop,"Brutal, but an amazing fun masterpiece."
76561198051357900,Recommended,219640,18527616,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Play-Don't Touch,Made me die I hat life please kill me now oh god it hurts make it stop mommy please
76561198114976058,Recommended,219640,18493978,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,TacticalBeard,a true prequal to call of duty moder warfare
,Recommended,219640,744716,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Bill Door,Buy it.  Love it.  Hate it.
76561198068299931,Recommended,219640,18673014,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,DrJeremy28,"What a glorious time to be alive.  Dropped into battle amongst some of the finest warriors of our generation.  Axes swinging, swords clashing, and arrows firing past your head.  Chivlary provides an excellent ground for all of your medieval fantasies to come to life.  If you are looking for a game to drop in, have some fun, and bewith your enemies,  then this is the game for you.  Ye be warned, frusteration lies ahead for those of you who shoot bows like a maiden."
,Recommended,219640,20208634,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Schned,Unless you're filthy Agatha
76561198306500482,Not Recommended,219640,26040498,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Raging Videocard,I died because my teammates are attacking me
,Not Recommended,219640,18061077,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Nancy ♥,The Fps's Miserable
,Recommended,219640,10854876,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,c0j6sf8d,k it was k but my pc was like nah and i was liek y and it was like cuz ur♥♥♥♥♥♥and poor and i was like k
,Recommended,219640,20140786,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dario,"The intense, competitive, intimate nature of the combat in this game really breeds toxicity in a way that most other games don't. The game itself is good, it's the community that ruins it."
,Recommended,219640,20359888,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Naivii- 💪,You can easily cut off heads!11/9 ISIS Members recommended!
76561198132801563,Recommended,219640,28366598,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Storm™,This is a positive Review:
,Recommended,219640,28367217,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[GG] Bullfrog,"Solid mechanics;Solid gameplay;Unique in most aspects;And the most important, a lot of fun!!!"
,Recommended,219640,20031922,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Fili Is Here,I love this game.
,Recommended,219640,7746870,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Cowardly Lion,"This game grew up from source mod Age of Chivalry (it still available on steam). It's a bit more bugged than original mod. Anyway, the most truthful imagination of medieval combat I've ever seen in videogames. Nothing idealised, blood and dirt only. I prefer archers by the way. Shoot'n'run and stay away from meat."
,Recommended,219640,14822705,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,ƁɆƦṨɆƦƦҜɆƦƦƦ,"Vikings vs. Spartans vs. Knights vs. Pirates vs. Ninjas vs. Samurai...BUY IT!Oh, and the normal Chivalry Medieval Warfare is pretty nice too. Cutting the heads of your enemies and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,20835373,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Proner,"This game is just amazing, i don't have nothing to talk, just buy the game after reading this so I get a percentage!! :3"
,Recommended,219640,959247,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,fAUXSHiZ `,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing visceral. You will NOT sit still while playing this game; you'll futilely try to dodge, run faster, block quicker. If you go through a session of Chivalry without yelling at your monitor, you've got a problem."
,Recommended,219640,11593748,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,MLG Dwarf,I Killed my Friends with a large Stick10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,18915732,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Scardigne,After level 15 I was thrown into a♥♥♥♥♥♥fest 10/10
,Recommended,219640,8151381,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Vandelay,i like screamingi give it 10 out of 5 stars
76561198049105704,Recommended,219640,10796132,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Epic_Twirly,"This is my new favourite game.It doesn't often happen when I say something like this.But as someone wo has a major boner for history, I can say that I love it!"
76561198045605257,Not Recommended,219640,16503687,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Gabz,"This game was probably good. But the commuty it seems is killing it. First 15 level are fun in noob servers. You get killed by your teamates a lot but fights are pretty fair. Altough i'm sure some pros make alternative accounts and buy the game when it's dirt cheap just to start over and feel like they're better than everyone. This kind of person is exactly why this game is going to♥♥♥♥♥♥When you get passed level 15 you have no choice but to go in lvl 1 to infinty servers. So yeah if it was only that it would be ok. Problem is PROS ALWAYS STICK TOGETHER. You have one team with level 1 - 25 and the other with 40-50. Now you'd think they just played a lot there's no REAL advantage but skills. Well you would be wrong... No one get to this level in this game without using the glitches and cheap tricks (mouse dragging, waterfall, ballerine two hand wielding knights) So you either stick and turn into a glitch abuser to be able to compete. Or you say ""♥♥♥♥ this game"" and never play again. Judging by the fact noob servers are always full but all the other servers are dead. I'd say a majority of people go for ""♥♥♥♥ this game"" It's sad because it could be a lot of fun. But getting killed repeatedly and with almost no chance to win against almost everyone in the opposite teams. Almost every game. Just wore me out.Sooo... If you're willing to learn the ""advanced techniques"" which are actually just defects in the game that people abuse because well. Everyone is doing it, why shouldn't I ? Or if you're ready to switch for the team with all the pros and get insulted or kicked  because you're inexperienced and probably gonna team kill. Try it ! But wait for the 80-90% sale because you're probably gonna quit after rank 15 anyway."
,Not Recommended,219640,8946741,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,dot | .Tyronneé,rip off of mount and blade warband 2/10 IGN
76561198275026132,Not Recommended,219640,26315633,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,[CGI] Speedypants,cant seem to get it to work
,Recommended,219640,8522410,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,moosky,*Swing and nick a teammate* 5 Seconds pass. *Votekick on you for 1% team damage*....
,Recommended,219640,8452319,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Salad the cabbage,this game is really good 9/10
,Recommended,219640,9509917,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Whiskey,You can cut people's heads off and tear them apart limb by limb :D10/10
,Recommended,219640,2041120,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Geoff Oscar Bluth,"Each round is like a super violent game of the hokey pokey, where you all stand in a circle and put your right hand in, then take your right hand out, and so forth. Occasionally someone gets stabbed, and if you don't take your arm or leg back out (as the song dictates) fast enough, it gets cut off."
,Recommended,219640,3872686,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,BBot,"This game has quickly become one of my favorite games to date. Not only is the combat extraordinary, but the skill required to destroy your adversary puts this game in a class worthy of MLG. Not to mention the flying limbs and brain add some extra excitement to an already great game."
,Recommended,219640,4671101,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,TheWrath,Smashing peoples heads in with maces is infinitely entertaining in Call of Duty: Medieval Warfare.
,Recommended,219640,7807680,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ElevatedMeat,If you haven't got this already please do. I can vouch and say best first person game this year.
,Recommended,219640,8154218,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,KeyboardCat,if you like being buttslapped you should just buy 30 copies of this game
,Recommended,219640,8173774,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Grandok,"Amazing game brings you to medieval and makes you feel a real knight. Lots of fun, lots of fights, dismemberment and lots of blood....The only really, REALLY bad thing - very often (almost always) you have a stat reset after finishing the matcth and newly opened weaponed becomes unavailable so if you want to open 3rd weapon in a row sometimes it's almost impossible :("
76561198100467624,Recommended,219640,8253496,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,me0wthisone,"i bought dis originally thinking it was modern warfare but more polite because ""chivaly isnt dead"" but i guess it is becus this game is just the COD original but with knife only servers. pisses me off but im sure theres a patch coming soon :) {pls subscribe}"
,Recommended,219640,8383947,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Francesco,Tooooo funny game. I love it
76561197967165746,Recommended,219640,8447789,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,platelamp,Stop reading this review and buy this game!
,Recommended,219640,8513872,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,daemonic,This game is worth picking up before the holiday sale ends.
,Recommended,219640,8569235,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Savack,"""It's a fine peasant rebellion you have here."""
76561198042353431,Not Recommended,219640,8570684,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Mars,The time from keypress to execution of animation can be an ordeal no matter your opponent's skill level or your own. You will get frustrated.6/10
,Recommended,219640,8613184,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,odvratno smece prokleto,"Well, seems like a good game, you can get addicted easily."
76561198041656141,Recommended,219640,8701193,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,"No Brain, All Stem","Worth a buy, it's like a movie; pretty cool."
76561198046708483,Recommended,219640,8959535,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,ajrdt,"One of the most famous First Person Slashers, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare will bring a smile to your face every time you smack someone's head off with your giant hammer. 9/10, just short of gaming bliss."
76561198064936658,Recommended,219640,9539795,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Moby's Dick,This game has many friendos.
76561198035689689,Recommended,219640,8563392,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,labanimal2,"This game was awesome, but the navigation for the people joining a game sucks \Won't play until it is fixed.  joining a gaime is freeking tedious at best"
,Recommended,219640,10952028,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[CAD] Krycek,"It has been ages since I have laughed so much, or should I say giggled, while playing a multiplayer game. I kind of fell in love with this game instantly - the sheer brutality of it is just brilliant!I find it very pleasing in a way, to storm downhill with a two-handed sword, while using the players “battle scream”, and then going right down to business of chopping up your opponent limb-by-limb, just lovely. ;)In other words; to me this game feels joyfully like ‘Monty Python and the Holy Grail’. The combat system is truly hilarious. :D"
,Recommended,219640,18781958,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kojin,This game is so cool compared to CS:GOthe learning cure his high.I like everything about it except the fact I have to buy better weapons with real money.I dont want to spend more money on a fing game than I already paid for. So if its on sale go for it. If its not dont.
76561198193263538,Recommended,219640,24819967,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Shark8300000 l in bulgaria,good game very good making just takes up too much space
,Recommended,219640,24377825,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,dougan,"People say that the ""exploiters"" ruin this game. Those people simply need to take a step back. No, literally take a step backwards ingame. The ""Exploits"" are just people looking in certain directions while swinging their swords, such as crouching and looking away from the opponent, then leaning back (looking at the sky) and doing an overhead slash. It's about as confusing as it sounds and it will mess you up the first time you see it. Then you realize the fatal flaw in the ""Exploits"" and it's that they aren't hard to overcome and they all require the ""exploiter"" to be close to you.When it happened to me I didn't make a negative review, I simply kept my distance from the people that were doing it, and using timing and skill, moved in and made attacks when I had the chance to. The only way you will die to these people is if you stay right on top of them, this makes it harder to tell when they're doing it, and confirms you will be hit by their attacks. You can still block them if you :)get good(: at telling when it's happening, so it is in no way ""game breaking"" as others have called it.Wouldn't suggest this game if you have a bad temper and cant handle your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198014675838,Not Recommended,219640,28265947,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Cure,the ranking system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198127941299,Recommended,219640,28267255,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Grand Duke Lokys,Im just here to chop some heads
,Recommended,219640,32900737,Posted: 27 June,all,RoskoL,Such a good game. 10/10 would scream when arm is cut off again.
76561198073574819,Recommended,219640,29058727,Posted: 6 January,all,TevJierda,DEUS VULT
,Recommended,219640,29086391,Posted: 7 January,all,Lord Crabbius,"I highly recommend getting this game. It is PVP at its finest. This is an excellent game that really does foster the ""love/hate relationship"" style of play. Admittedly, I'm not good at this genre of game, but I find it a total thrill to play. I'd say it's unique selling point is that it's realistic. It's not a hack and slash game, but a proper blocking, stabbing, slashing and thrusting style. It allows for one to develop their own style with several different classes with several different weapons and upgrade them as you kill more. The team objective gamemode is excellent, but there are a good few other play types to keep one amused.There are a couple of negative points, as with every game, but I think they have been overhyped on many of the thumbs down reviews. There isn't a massive problem with people exploiting. It's nothing I've noticed, ever. The guy, with 2,700 hours played, who left a scathing review recently is sort of an oxymoron. To play that much of a game clearly means you love it.The game is a brilliant FPS or TPS, the latter is probably easier as you can more perspective of what's going on - for melee at least. I highly recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,219640,29036138,Posted: 5 January,all,patronusgold,"First and foremost this is a sword fighting, multi playing game. Oh and this is not a ""siege"" game technically. You can use siege weapons suck as ballistas and catapults. There is no story except for the tutorial that gives a brief lesson on the lore of this game. It explained about the mason vs the agatha. There is no real history explained though. The sword fighting is strategic and there are many types of swings. There is also countering, blocking and counter blocking. And that is only the classes with a sword. There are 4 classes, archer, man at arms, the spear class( I forgot its name) and the knight class. All have its own load out and strengths /weaknesses. I bought 4 copies for my friends so it is worth it to play with friends."
,Recommended,219640,11384751,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Prophet |,"From the little experience that I've gained from the time I've played, all I have to say is that this game deliveres true satisfaction. Everything is perfect, the Unreal Engine, the Medieval style, the weapons, the classes and the community, the community, can you believe it?One of my highest wishes for any game today is to be able to enjoy a friendly and mature community, where everyone is welcome and do not treat you like garbage. Apart from the game itself, the community of this game makes it so much better. People help you out in-game, will give you advice and you can always find someone in the game that will amuse and make you gaming session even more fun.Now, for the game itself. It is very well built and I really like the style of it. When I first started playing, I said to myself, ""Well, the gaming community really needed this, an extremely well built FPS that has a style of Medieval combat, finally.."", and that is exacly what we got. The classes are amazing, but some could be a bit frustrating at some times, for example getting your face splattered by an archer or almost killing a Knight, but getting one-hitted by his powerful weapon. However, the game does still satisfy me, as I play the Man-At-Arms class, a very speedy class with a lot of viability and even damage. You'll be able to dodge enemy attacks and escape you opponent, as well as delivering quick heavy slashes at your target.As I am writing this, the new patch was just released with the new In-game UI. So far, every single soul that plays this game has enjoyed it and are craving for more ""Wow."" making updates! :)"
,Recommended,219640,33265277,Posted: 5 July,all,Ze$kalli,Denz is a talented Swordsman.
76561198144480675,Not Recommended,219640,33304137,Posted: 6 July,all,Ragnar Janson,Everyone keeps disturbing 1o1 fights from behind.Everyone jumps into fights and hits the friendlies 24/7.No teamplay.Just a mess of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ knights.Unfriendly for new players who want to play with fairness.(My thoughts of the low rank servers after 8 hours of playing)Just frustrating.Steamsale ftw
76561198120202905,Not Recommended,219640,33311084,Posted: 6 July,all,MisinformedOwl,"While this is a great game, dont bother buying into it...I have alot of hours in this and i kno thats a good reason to thumb this up however for new players i wouldnt reccommend this game. unless you get in at a free weekend.after you surpass level 15 you leave fair and easy land and turn to the no mans land/servers. Where every ♥♥♥♥er who still plays it has put in a solid 400 hours and is 10000000000 times better than you. Chances are you will leave the round having no kills every game. unless you stoop incredible lowly to people like the man at arms which is just so easy to play as. run in stab dodge back. while theyre still in the attacking animation you go back in for yet another stab. this process continues until the other person enevitably dies...I am conflicted about the whole issue of rainbowing and other such techniques. however it is very ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t especially on new players. chances are many new players will do exactly as i did. play till i reached level 16 realised how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the servers were. then left it, realised freeweekend arives, noobs populate the servers and then i jump on with them... But now all the average players have left and you are left with exceptional players who all play like they have experience in Esports.Just dont buy into this game, play it on the freeweekend, its way more fun."
76561198028007995,Recommended,219640,8354543,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Boyca,"If you feel like playing a true first person medieval game, this is it. Fun game overall, even better when playing with friends. Now go smash sole skulls in."
76561198056952263,Recommended,219640,21870408,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Human entity,Burburak bum bum šala hanala fu fu fu kakaka!
,Recommended,219640,15886634,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,xxxtentation,you can cut the arts to people.BUY!GG and HF guys-Feregan
,Not Recommended,219640,16681429,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[V-M] Proteus,"Besiege castles and raid villages in Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a first-person slasher with a focus on multi-player. Featuring competitive online combat that seeks to capture the experience of truly being on a medieval battlefield.competitive online combatthe experience of truly being on a medieval battlefield.because watching dozens of players turning their backs to their enemy and swinging overhead for instant hits and full damage is competitive and gives people an authentic medieval battlefield experience.2/10, its ok but avoid if you don't want heart problems."
76561198124804402,Recommended,219640,26805712,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iMiradium,10/10 best game EU
76561198172143146,Recommended,219640,26044121,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,(1LT)★Kettie,Jupmed off of a cliff swished my blade and decapatated someone.10/10 would behead again!
76561198119360736,Recommended,219640,14716809,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Irvin.chewy,"Medevial warfare plus gore, whats there to dislike....................nothing"
76561198185898510,Recommended,219640,30997255,Posted: 7 April,all,sjljh2002,This game is best medieval multiplayer game for me.
76561198043879969,Recommended,219640,8421509,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Squirmin' Lizard,"This game is rather legendary than♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. I quite enjoy walking to fellow teammates asking for help and then being ♥♥♥♥ed by getting team killed all the ♥♥♥♥ing time. The war shouts in the game do this game justice and brings this game to a 9.7/10 (would of gave it a 10/10 but turns out 9.7 looks way ♥♥♥♥ing sicker than a 10!). The amount of climaxes I get during this fine♥♥♥♥♥game sends me through the roof. No matter what weapon you have, there will always one sick minded ♥♥♥♥ with a bow that will ♥♥♥♥ your hat and everything personel belonging you own. I recommend this to children aged 4-6, reason being is that they need to know how people will ♥♥♥♥ you over as you grow up. Don't expect to be a winner at this game, you will always have below 1.0 KD ratio and you will get♥♥♥♥♥♥on by everyone. This game is the peak of ♥♥♥♥ing you over but it is a masterpiece."
76561198002073160,Recommended,219640,8602579,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,fishhook1977,I REALLY ENJOY PLAYING THIS GAME BUT THEY REALLY HAVE TO FIX THE RANK SYSTEM..You can play for days and never rank up?It isent as deep as war of the roses but it is a great game never the less
,Recommended,219640,8618007,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,NOOhunter,Best medival warfare game ever!SO MUCH GORE!
,Recommended,219640,10386873,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Stram Noodles lf 1 key,Best Game Ever
,Recommended,219640,10939378,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Adjian,This game is gorgeous in all ways
,Recommended,219640,12718816,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Murphy,"Great game, Spam clicked, 10/10 would spam click againNot to mention, this is cancer"
,Recommended,219640,12690013,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,illegible_eldritch_scripture62,"его хорошо, я думаю,"
76561198028099023,Recommended,219640,12690716,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,JKurayami,"If you want  simulator where you can kill hard and die hard, this is the game. Blood, and death, and vengeance, bloody fun and chaos."
,Recommended,219640,12702536,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ToMo,fun hack and slash i would reccomend jump stab attack every time
76561198076449955,Recommended,219640,12725658,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,The White Wolf,"Chivalry : medieval warfare mixes things up by giving you an experience like no other. yes im sure you have seen these types of fps hack and slash medieval games. well this one is superior to the rest in almost every way... servers are amazing, little to no lag what so ever , the maps and enviorment add to the experience, and there is actually a button to scream/ yell while running into battle, nothing like charging into a group of enemies with a battlecry with 8 guys behind you ready to go to battle , classes are great and not O.P. damage is spot on , what more could i ask for? oh a deadliest warrior DLC ? heck yes! 10/10 well worth the sale tag, still worth value full price."
,Recommended,219640,10165522,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Snowy the Flying Snow Squirrel,"This game made the residents of the Holy Order of Crabism quite appeased; we could behead treasonist scum who denied our Holy Order, in the name of the Holy Crab."
76561198069159558,Recommended,219640,11210414,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Phil S. Goodman,i can finally not feel like a peasant
,Recommended,219640,8064801,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,DrunkenBerry,so good
76561198052369657,Recommended,219640,10636460,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SuparNinja,"This game is a really fun and dynamic game to play. At first it seems a little daunting, as there are some really, really good people out there. But as you continue to play, you learn new techniques and it soon becomes a joy to here the screams of your fallen enemies. The fighting mechanics of this game are really something else. It gives the first-person category a fresh new meaning. Weapons are pretty balanced with a good variety of weapons for each class. Over my time of playing this game, I have heard that each class is op, or over powered at least once, which shows that the classes themselves are pretty balanced. There are some flaws you have to keep in mind though, the new maps aren't that great and they seem to really want more of your money. Using more money isn't necessary because it only gives you skins, but it is expensive to buy them. So in conclusion, the learning curve is really, really steep, but it is a joy to play when you get the hang of it."
,Not Recommended,219640,21845819,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,prpapapp,You Have Been Kicked
,Recommended,219640,12744365,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lexer,W ve Sağ click bassanız yeter Kappa
,Recommended,219640,25279830,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Captain Thunder,Assuming you can find a server w/ enough people it is a real fun game that is very skill based.
76561198049023280,Recommended,219640,17595251,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Borl,Sucks
76561198075217912,Recommended,219640,24171265,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Chadalous,This game gave me a boner.
,Recommended,219640,10166005,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Kastel,"This is an absolutely great game, will bring many hours of fun for you and friends!"
,Recommended,219640,4895325,"Posted: 15 February, 2013",all,Power-Senpai-Sama-San-Chan-Kun,"Chivalry is a game unlike any other. It holds elements of the Mount and blade series, and other such medievel settings, however it is not a vast world like Mount and blade. Chivalry sets place somewhere in the medievel times (duh) and has it's own little story about how mason is this elite group, but then betrays their king. Nobody cares about the story anyways.You play in different servers, with a few different game modes. The first and most noticable one is team objective, which lets you do different things like storming a castle to kill a king, which is player controlled, push a wagon to enemy lines, and various other objectives.then we have some basic game modes like team deathmatch, free for all, capture the flag, and duel. Duel being very interesting to certain people who likes the one on one experience.The combat in Chivalry is unlike any other combat system you have experience i feel. You are looking through mainly a first person perspective, but you are allowed to change it to third person, however i would not recommend this, since a lot of the charm is in getting in close and personal to your enemy, instead of being some hovering camera. As you fight your opponent you have different moves to your disposition depending on the weapon you are using, but mainly these are: a normal horizontal swipe, stab, overhead, kick, and a possibility to feint to trick your opponent. However feinting is frowned upon since people are casul.You have a wide arsenal of weapons, from spears, daggers, longswords, bows, crossbows, throwing knives, shield, and so on. Every weapon has an unique feel to them, and allows you to master every weapon specifilly, by learning the range, speed, and other factors that will determine your profiency in combat.All in all, i heavily recommend this game. My review does not give this game the honor it deserves, and it is a game you should experience for yourself. If i were to score the game i'd give it a 8/10, as it is not perfect, but i enjoy playing it way too much."
,Recommended,219640,24087518,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,↜༺ ☩ Frøstyß ᛟ ༻↝,"A fun swordplay game based in the medieval era with a satisfiable sword fighting techniques and fun cooperative gameplay along with customizable weaponary and armour. (However an outragiously expensive Microtransaction market)Online and offline gameplay slightly verifies differently to what sheds light to the games cons, I'll jot it down below:ONLINE:• Laggy players sometimes have advantage over you in swordplay, glitchy, unpredictable.• There is this weird technique where players online will spin 360° around and unfairly block everything and strike with ease.• You are likely to encounter online glitches that simply ruin the game ""like going underground, freezing, delayed response to controller""OFFLINE:• I'd say the bots are OK, but they are definitely not satisfactory.I'd personally prefer offline for reasons above but play on coop when you can.This game truly shines when you play against your mates on cooperative, it is fun and addictive and just overall an unique experience unlike other swordplay games.In ever right of it's own, I'd say this game is outstanding with cooperative and swordplay techniques, but lacks with intelligent AI and stable multiplayer servers ""talking 150 ping"".I would recommend to give this game a go if you're into swordplay, unless you don't like a bit of gore and dismemberment."
76561198048712464,Not Recommended,219640,15124653,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,CApten Retared,feint/10
,Recommended,219640,24638709,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,BroGamerA7X,Follow these steps to survive:1: just fockin wait for everyone to kill each other2: randomly shoot some arrows around3: realize you've only killed teammates4: repeat step 2
,Not Recommended,219640,23006721,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Pennerschwert,"This is the worst game i have ever bought. Don't be fouled by their advertising, this game sucks !"
,Recommended,219640,22970049,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Grifftg,swords
,Recommended,219640,18075206,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ultragamer,+Good combat system+Good price+Good grapchics-Combat system could be more detailed-No horse combat-Animations could be better80/100
,Recommended,219640,32039942,Posted: 29 May,all,dav5111,Havent played much but the learning curve is kinda hard
,Recommended,219640,2849089,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,GoreLeak,"One of the best Medieval games there is out there! Wonderful campaign, as well as the multiplayer. If you have the money, don't hesitate to buy this!"
,Recommended,219640,19462317,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,[ŠŦѺ҉ŘӍ] Legendary Yurza,619!
,Recommended,219640,8322563,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kyrrrle,"This is a great game, don't get frusturated if at first your not doing too well. It takes some experience. It is extremely satisfying though once you get the hang of it and seeing yourself chop off heads haha"
,Recommended,219640,14534992,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Käse,"Björk Björk BjörkBjörk Björk Björk Björk Björk! Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk. Björk Björk. Björk Björk Björk Björk (Björk Björk Björk Björk) Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk. Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk.BjörkBjörkBjörk10/10Björk7/10BjörkBjörk/10Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk. Björk Björk Björk Björk, Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk. Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk. Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk. Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk. Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk Björk.Björk-Björk"
,Recommended,219640,14526915,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ONE MAN HOMOCAUST,This is just one of them typa games you know. Ones that capture you and make you play all ♥♥♥♥ing day. All ♥♥♥♥ing day to get gud. Like Counter Strike 1.6 and CS:S you wanna play this all day so you can be one of the pros.If you want a fun game aswell as a learning experience on how to become a medeival blademaster. This is for you.♥♥♥♥in' knave.
76561198077811291,Recommended,219640,20670357,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,SheckleSteinMcMoneyBags33,"Played this game more than any other game in my library. Extremely fun, but not so sure if there are still many people online. 1 con: The ♥♥♥♥♥♥ nolife neckbeards that abuse the game mechanics and set their sensitivity on super high so they can mouse drag."
76561198007070577,Recommended,219640,24386377,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,ｇｗａｌｉｅｎ,Always fun hacking people legs off and listening to them scream for a while.
76561198002129384,Not Recommended,219640,11984715,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,McDoll,"This game used to be fun.I harrassed friends into playing it, I talked about it non-stop and played it for hours every day.Now I would recommend Daikatana over this.All of the fun and skillful melee combat, that was hectic, terrifying and exhilirating, has been patched out. Leaving only a few somewhat spammy-feeling and exploitative methods of dominating the battlefield.Want to see a guy with a two handed sword run away from you then proceed to swing his massive sword - in completely the wrong direction only to spin 180 degrees and decapitate you with it?  Well you will. Over and over and over.Want to experience the joy of really only being able to play as one or two classes with one or two weapon combos lest you get stomped into the dirt? You'll be experiencing ONLY this.It makes me so sad that the vocal whiners on the forums who constantly berated the inclusion or the viability of archers, javelineers, man at arms who could dodge in and out of combat as being unrealistic or unfair, have had their voices heard - resulting in a watered-down husk of what the game used to be.Variety now only comes in the form of different helmets.  That you buy for real cash.All the original maps are in there, with very little new having been added by the devs over the years- leaving one to either play the same 4-5 maps, or play on half-baked and amateurish community maps.I think a couple of new weapons have been added, but who really cares at this point? They have all been patched into pretty much the same thing now.At least the sounds are still hilarious."
76561198035457457,Recommended,219640,7446255,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Harambo,For Thy Buns I Strike
,Recommended,219640,1540346,"Posted: 11 February, 2013",all,Keenan,"Great All Around PvP, Want action? Head slicing, Limb Chopping? It has a realistic block/parry directional & a few unique fights."
,Recommended,219640,7941454,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,BOBdotEXE,"aaaaaaah!*dead*90/10.(yes, 10)"
,Recommended,219640,7956035,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Ol' Dirty Durp •̪̀●́,Awesome Game....Nuff Said!
,Not Recommended,219640,10150654,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,DIVINE SUPREMACY,"workshop is quite unnecessary because most mods and maps don't even show up in the game. despite the game is made on the Unreal engine it has a lot of lags, and battles don't look so much impressive. graphics in the Deadliest Warrior DLC are just horrible, however in the original game it's okay. and every time I try to join a server the game crashes to desktop. do I need to say that I ended up vomiting from this masterpiece of millenium?"
76561198134373465,Not Recommended,219640,17868436,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,greengun,"Dont get me wrong, I love this game and im gonna keep playing this game, but I wouldn't recommend it to most. The community sucks, they aren't forgiving to new players, team stacking happens almost every round, and the game machanics are just flat out broken."
,Recommended,219640,30108943,Posted: 22 February,all,Oranges™,Discount for honor.
,Recommended,219640,8842746,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Davidee,"I'm not sure I can personally recommend this. I've put so many hours into this game, and after some update that I can't remember it started crashing every 2-4 hours. That's a personal problem, now onto the non-personal problems...I don't know where to begin, so I'm just going to say that it's filled of bugs. Seriously.I applaud Torn Banner for making such an awesome game, but at the same time I despise them for not fixing it at all.It seems that each update brings more bugs, and to be frank it's more bug filled than skyrim now. I said it, MORE BUGS THAN SKYRIM.I AM going to recommend it because of the very fun gameplay. But when buying, keep in the midn the crazy amount of bugs, sometimes imprecise blocking, and ♥♥♥♥ me the feints. Feints are literally the bane of my existence. Everyone and their ♥♥♥♥ing mothers know how to spam feint if they know how to press rmb or q, it doesn't make you good to abuse the ♥♥♥♥ out of it."
76561198104416724,Recommended,219640,22932065,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Angaturama cskinhub.com,really cool and realistic game!
76561198048005186,Recommended,219640,8061043,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Sassy Salamander,"A must get for those who enjoy bashing out brains with maces, shooting arrows, and looking like an idiot."
76561198047699940,Recommended,219640,8799896,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Slie,"Really fun game. If you play Rising Storm it is similar with the realisim. The game is fun, but can be tough to get the hang of. Expect to die while learning."
76561198015467579,Recommended,219640,8929757,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,youreawhale,Good if you feel you aren't angry at trivial things often enoughmad/10
,Recommended,219640,8750106,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,[DDZS]Clymidia,"This game is an absolute classic. I don't know whether its the visceral nature of chopping other players into tiny pieces, or the fact it really is skill based melee combat, but whatever it is, its definitely awesome. There's a bit of a learning curve but after doing the tutorial and a couple of hours of playing you should be able to handle yourself - most players just spam the slash button. I highly recommend this game to anyone."
76561198080473651,Recommended,219640,8764413,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Hans,"An impressive multiplayer game that throws you into chaotic medieval combat utilizing very satisfying fighting mechanics.One of most entertaining melee games that I have had the pleasure of playing. You have thechoice to pick from four classes (archer, man at arms, knight, vanguard) with a variety ofweapons for each and sent to battle the evil mason rebellion or the noble agathian knights.Now what makes this game great is the fightning mechanics. There is very steep learning curve in this game butincredibly rewarding once you start getting the hang of it and see the different strategies players use to win a fight.The typical multiplayer game modes are utilized in this game including King of the hill, Team deathmatch, duel and Team objective. Team objective places you in war with one side defending and the other attacking by reaching objectives. The game packed with chaos and happy accidents (catapults wiping out an entire platoon) which makesits replayability quite high.The only negatives I can come up with are some issues with certain weapons and overhead swing that hurt you without completing the animation (only happens on occasion, the developers patch bugs) and a very limited amount of maps.This indie project is a very impressive entry with good visuals and hilarious voice acting. If you enjoy epic battles and swordplay I highly recommend this game. I keep coming back to it even after investing hundreds hours into it!Rating:8/10"
,Recommended,219640,8783072,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Nubo,"Not realistic at all. I learnt in History that in Medieval Warfare, people fought on unicorns and shot laser beams out their eyes. There was none of that in this game, wtf?? Game devs need to brush up on their knowledge and quickly add those features in before they lose their whole player base. Surprised this game is still sold on Steam. 3/10."
,Recommended,219640,8752872,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Pipoderoso,Good Game
,Recommended,219640,8787376,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,PimpDaddyPayne,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a fantastic game, with great graphics, HOURS UPON HOURS of replayablility, Fantastic maps, and an abundance of different weapon loadouts.The great thing about this game is its not one sided, and the weapons have been balanced very well against one another.Where one person may be a total beast with double handed weapons sliceing limbs off left right and center, another may be even more deadly with a one handed weapon and a shield, or a throwing weapon etc.For the most part, alot of these weapons are based off of British mideval style weaponry, from Bows to battle axes, billhooks to scottish claymores,  this game hits the nail on the head when it comes to midieval Warfare.10/10 worth buying RIGHT NOW!This game is original, with enough polishing to make it playable for a LONG time."
,Recommended,219640,8802583,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,A Modest One,"I bought this game to play with a friend. I was hesitant at first to play it but I quickly warmed up to it. Because this game doesn’t have full controller capabilities it was a little hard to figure out how to play with my XBOX controller. It took me about a day to get use to blocking and attacking with the triggers. It would be nice see Torn Banner Studios implement options that would ease players who typically play on a console. The quality of the game is very nice especially if you can play on high settings. I get mixed results playing on my mobile workstation but that isn’t the fault of the game but instead my hardware. I received the expansion pack (Deadliest Warrior) as a birthday gift. I like that they added different types of characters but I feel like it takes from the medieval aspect of the game. My final criticism is that the achievement progress in the game is inconsistent. Some servers seem to inhibit the unlocking of more weapons and the total time logged playing is much less than the actual. Despite all of my criticisms, I am still really happy with this game and enjoy playing it with friends. I would definitely recommend it to a person who is looking for only a online playing mode and who enjoys a first person armed warfare. Overall I would say an 8/10."
,Recommended,219640,8811584,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,canada cacao,"No airplanes, cars, cops, civilians etc etc..... You can't even free roam.....I think Rockstar could have worked on this more before it was released.But they have improved their graphics engine since their last game (Call of Duty®: Ghosts) so that was really great, so i'll give Chivalry a big 10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10.//Roger Fedrer"
76561198001841132,Recommended,219640,8828245,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Taco Viking,"Looking for that first person multiplayer game, but sick of shooters? Then this game is for you!With a healthy learning curve and unlockable weapons and accessories this game lets you kill as the most famous types of soldiers in history.The pros:Intuitave combatGood GraphicsGreat GameplayDecient customizationMost Importantly .... It's FunThe cons:Teams can become unbalanced quicklySwitching classes takes too longHas the WORST theme song EVER IN THE HISTORY OF VIDEO GAMES (I love the game but ugh its bad)What I would improve:Adding one button class switchingAuto balanceChange the main theme!For being a multiplayer game with no story. My verdict is a nine out of ten!"
,Recommended,219640,13161497,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Gwiazda Chien,Great medieval themed multiplayer game to play with the friends!
,Recommended,219640,13162569,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,✪General Griefus,YAAAAARGH!!! 10/10
76561198002695841,Recommended,219640,16541049,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[GoD]Oscar,"I've been playing Chivalry a few years, and I find that I keep coming back to it.  While it undeniably has balance issues and bugs that can be frustrating at times, It's inherently a fun game.  The fact that many of us still play it after 3 years should stand as a testament to how enjoyable it really is."
76561198044864588,Recommended,219640,10676543,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Red™,Get this game. Admire the lovely english countryside. Stab a man in the throat with a mace and get violently eviscerated by three vanguards all trying to shove their polearms into your chest cavity at the same time. Continue to admire the lovely english countryside as your mangled corpse cools on the ground while you wait to respawn and suppress the urge to ragequit. Laugh heartily when the three vanguards manage to accidentally kill eachother trying to do the same thing to you on your next life. Then be mildly impressed as an archer three miles away explodes your head into chunky bits through your platesteel helmet with nothing but a flying sharpened stick. Ponder your relevancy to the universe when your team still manages to win anyway.
,Recommended,219640,7853699,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Vengeance,FREAKING AMAZING ITS LIKE MEDIEVAL COD
76561197998091138,Recommended,219640,8632694,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Logic,"I bought Chivalry within a few days after release looking for something fresh and different. I've begun to turn a blind eye to big developers these days, they simply don't release any new, fresh material and you always find ""mods"" that are community made actually have better gameplay and better ideas than those of big developers. And so, this contributed towards my decision to buy this game. Now, believe me, it's the best couple of quid I've spent on a game for as long as I can remember.I wouldn't say this game is a flawless masterpiece. It has its downfalls and ""wtf"" moments, but if you look past these minor errors then it's absolutely a must buy if you like anything medieval. Or gore. This game definitely doesn't fall short on the gore side of things and hell, I love gore. Screw rubber bodied enemies, this is realistic, gritty yet glorious and only an indie company would have the balls to put this extreme gore into a game (because they care more about the product than the money, *cough cough*). But there is nothing more satisfying than chopping your opponents head clean off with one mighty vanguard leap and watching the blood spurt out from where the head once sat, or setting your opponents on fire and hearing them scream as they run round like a human torch amongst the cries of the battlefield. Then, as they lie groaning on the floor, using your weapon to decapitate their body while taunting with the hilarious voice commands you have in your arsenal. Have I tempted you to buy this yet? No? Read on.The positives definitely outweigh the negatives to this game and if you have a buddy to play with then I advise you jump in together. It's much more fun running around shouting stupid things at each other, using your fists to overwhelm a big dumb zweihander wielding vanguard, aiming for that explosive headshot (yes, the heads explode when punched. Realistic? No. Hilarious? Yes.). Or you could try being a big dumb zweihander wielding vanguard yourself, using the vanguard leap to your advantage to fly halfway across a map (try it out for yourself) or just running around messing about, jumping to your death in a lava pit shouting ""help me"" with multiple enemies chasing you both. That said, you can easily have fun playing by yourself and I've spent the majority of my play time playing without friends. It simply heightens the playing experience having a friend.The combat system can seem flawed at times and the learning curve can be steep, or at least I found it to be. I have watched as my ax passes through an enemies head, I have been killed hundreds of times as enemy swords pass right through my shield, I have dodged attacks with MAA, only to have the attack register when it shouldn't have because of lag compensation, I have seen bigger, heavier weapons be swung faster than small, light weapons, and daggers blocking MASSIVE swords or poleaxes (seriously, a 5 inch blade cannot defend against a god damn claymore, get it right Torn Banner.) Oh, and by the way, those archer spears SERIOUSLY need to be nerfed.I have taken collateral damage from being hit in the foot, which bring me to my next point. You'll find the highest level people aren't even fun to play against since they exploit the game engine like mad. Watch for those vanguards who swing their sword at the floor which manages somehow to hit you while they run in circles and kill you super fast without you even getting a single hit on them (this happens a lot, BELIEVE ME NOW, there is a massive skill difference between new players and vets, even mid tier players like myself still get smacked up by lvl 40+). But don't let this deter you, the skill curve is high but you will improve with time. The fighting system is more intricate and well designed than one may think. Little things like moving your mouse into the direction you are swinging to hit the oppenent faster is what make the fighting much less animated and 2 dimensional than say, Elder Scrolls: Skyrim. Saying this, of course, there is no shortage of LMB spammers and I'd like to point this out now: You're gonna get lots of team damage and die by your team mates hands many times. It happens. This is Chivalry in all its glory.Quickly focusing on the negatives now, there are only 3 real things that bug me about this game. First, I really REALLY wish Torn Banner would sort this stupid weapon unlock glitch out. This has been here for TOO LONG and they are losing Metascore because players are tired of not being unable to unlock certain weapons which has been here basically since launch. The worst part? They had the audacity to release an expansion and 2 updates with buyable helmetswithout fixing this basic issue that everyone has been complaining about.As a result, many people have been giving them negative metascore because they are fed up, and rightly so. Second, the chase/running system in this game is TOTALLY broke. Many a time I have had a head start of 10 feet or so running away from a knight or vanguard as a man at arms, only to have them catch up with ease. This really rubs me the wrong way and I know it annoys other players too. Thirdly, and this isn't really much of a bad point, but rather something I should make a note of for people wishing to play, the archery system in this is very primitive. To understand what I mean by this.. Well you'll just have to pick up a bow and some arrows as an archer and find out for yourself.Not a perfect 10, but hell it's up there!"
,Not Recommended,219640,26057849,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,1995 Geo Tracker,too many no life losers play this♥♥♥♥♥♥ all the time they have into this game but have no job or any friends. only play if u want to make yourself feel good
76561197991962191,Recommended,219640,15331375,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Lance Denton,10/10 Would TK Again
76561198126842497,Recommended,219640,28387541,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Sinanju,Very good game
,Not Recommended,219640,14667326,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Invid,"Doesn't work stuck on loading screen,"
76561198074521995,Recommended,219640,6764800,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,TNT Ninja,"Hack, slash, burn and chop your way through your enemies; because here comes the greatest medievel game ever! (apart from Assassin's Creed) This game has great dying animation and limbs and heads go flying! Get this game so we can play together! This game is muliti-player, so before you unlesh your awesomeness on your foes, you should check out the tutorial so you learn how to play!GET THIS GAME TODAY OR TOMORROW OR THE DAY AFTER THAT!"
76561198087525180,Recommended,219640,8343297,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Supercool901,chivalry is a medevil fps that requires lots of skill and persistance. i recommend it to all because of how fun it is
,Recommended,219640,20231388,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Arwun,">Playing in low level servers because I just got this game>Agatha team>There's a guy called ""HanSoloDies-"">We both charge into the bridge screaming>Flurry of sword and hammer attacks>2/3 of the enemy team are dead10/10 this doesn't happen in cod"
76561198059055572,Recommended,219640,8038702,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Crosis,Who doesn't like bludgeoning their enemies to death?
,Recommended,219640,8652587,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,The Sheriff,This game gave me ebola
,Recommended,219640,7875635,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Roflcatz,WOOPS
,Recommended,219640,7921522,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Dad,i lov dis game i am arthru kin of escalbor and lanclot is in my rond tble
,Recommended,219640,6568100,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Nebulus,Its like Call of Duty 4 with swords! hack and slash fest had alot of fun on this bit tricky to get ust to but fun when you do!!!!!
76561198007614819,Recommended,219640,12144010,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Ash,Swords are cool.
,Recommended,219640,13000639,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,*nek-,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198070102819,Recommended,219640,11966675,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Stoj,Da best
,Recommended,219640,10174459,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Cojiro,"Ever wanted to play a first person war game  with swords, shields, axes, spears, bows and other melee weapons instead of guns? Buy this game. It's incredibly fun and very addictive. The classes are unique and if you want even more, be sure to get the Deadliest Warrior pack. That is the closest you'll get to having a Ninja vs Pirate war. The voice acting and dialogue is also hilarious. Free For All is like one huge mosh pit. I recommend starting out with a character who can use a shield."
,Recommended,219640,10576975,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ClockParadoX,Game of Thrones head severing simulator.
,Recommended,219640,9806803,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Margery,yay! :D
76561198027108781,Recommended,219640,10692198,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MOOSE,Mediocre at best.
76561198040172296,Recommended,219640,8010172,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Zombie Jesus,Who wouldnt want to slaughter countless other players with Medieval footman weapondry?
76561198014530874,Recommended,219640,11524678,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Aigginac,Good...
,Recommended,219640,11514057,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Abecto,"Learned how to play, changed my mind. Love the stabbing weapons."
76561198049316877,Recommended,219640,11552811,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,China Buffet $4.99,I feel like a Stark killing all the Lannisters while playing this game ! 7/10
,Recommended,219640,10158600,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,PvER,Such medievalSuch manlinessSuch wowk?
,Recommended,219640,13159087,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mr BOG COCK,this is really fun :)
76561198004564585,Recommended,219640,13027023,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Mehwi,6/5
,Recommended,219640,12748174,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Peacockle,slashing swords at sword and a mace now and then is not very not fun so good game non the lesser
,Recommended,219640,13206631,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,tity boi,medieval weapons and people who have dedicated their lives to a class and stuff
,Recommended,219640,21810863,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mr. Wurl Wye,"Solid medieval combat simulator, with comedic elements on the side."
76561198039019226,Recommended,219640,8598867,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,MajorSeven,Fantastic Game. Many Hours spent smashing heads in with a hammer.
76561198031499000,Recommended,219640,4062130,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Round_Lake,jolly good mates!Cut som heads and trust som chests ;)
76561198070625624,Recommended,219640,8107876,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Fire Ball,nice game but you need a good computer and computer game skills to play it
76561198079865732,Recommended,219640,8201397,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,King Fish,THIS GAME IS DA BEST!
76561197964888053,Recommended,219640,8382695,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Wartman,ITS FUN WHEN I CAN FIND A SERVER :(
76561198098495439,Recommended,219640,8415316,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sk0t,Great game for a bit of quick online fun
,Recommended,219640,8519874,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[IK]-=Mongo=-,This is one of the most entertaining games I have ever played.
,Recommended,219640,8147461,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Prolific,Despite some issues with weapon unlocking and ranks being stuck it is a very fun melee combat game.
,Recommended,219640,8209705,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lazylex,Hilariously fun
,Recommended,219640,8360289,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Captain Planet,"This is one of the most entertaining online multiplayer experience I've ever had. Gruesome, suspenseful, hillarious deaths and balls deep difficult. Buy it. Buy it now. 9/10"
,Recommended,219640,8759761,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,The Pu$$y Destroyer,"I recommend getting this game. It is worth every penny. I prefer strictly PvP games, and this pretty much covers it. Multiple different game modes, so if you get sick of one game mode, you could always go to another. You have a choice of multiple different classes, weapons, and abilities. I enjoy the community too, everyone is there to have fun, and play to have a good time. Not too many try hards, but you will come across one every game or two. It is very challenging though for new players. It is a tricky game at times. I suggest being patient with it if you just got the game and keep trying to get better. I remember when I first got the game I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because I kept dying, but kept going. So give it a try!"
,Recommended,219640,8938018,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,WhiskeyClaus,Though i suck at it its the best medieval themed mp game around
76561198085489801,Recommended,219640,8580973,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,WinnB,"Chivalry is a game that pulls away from the traditional and tiring Call of Duty approach to FPS games. No guns; just swords, shields, and constant action. In it's most simple form, Chivalry is a medievil combat simulator with tactics and customization thrown into the mix. Great to play cooperatively or solo, as the servers are always packed."
76561198072378190,Recommended,219640,8611771,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Crockz,"Chivalry is a medieval action-based first person game,where you choose to play in one of the 4 classes available:Men-at-Arms,which are fast and agile;Vanguards,wich have medium to high armor and can deliver powerful blows;Knights which are the strongest yet the slowest of the bunch and finally Archers that use range to gain advantage over the opponents.Before playing this you have to keep in mind that this is a pretty brutal game where you can send limbs and heads flying without too much effort.This is a game that requiers time,timing and precision if you want to succeed without getting killed.It is insanely fun when you get the hang of it,and it can hook you up very easily.In my opinion,this game is worth playing for multiplayer action lovers and with a few minor bugs,this game can get you and your friends a fun time playing it.NOTE:This is my first review on steam and i hope you guys liked it and helped you!"
,Recommended,219640,8895546,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,LiquidMetal,Glorified knife fights with awesome murder mechanics.
76561198077858932,Recommended,219640,9112088,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,JalapenoHeat,"This game is incredibly fun, even better with friends. The first person hack-n-slashing is awesome and thew weapons are pretty cool as well. Defintely recommend the game."
76561198078232627,Recommended,219640,8525822,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,TheDirtyGorilla,"One of my all time favorite game i have, and recomend it to any player who loves non stop action,"
,Recommended,219640,9207066,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,🐜 ∀ηт▹ϟт@¥▹ℑη,"Pick it up on sale and don't take it seriously/personally!I haven't had this much fun time in any other online multiplayer, albeit I haven't played many and I pretty much died a lot for the first hour in the game. And although dying and being dismembered was kinda entertaining (Whaaat??? Yep, I know. The grumpy and easily frustrated innerBernardis still shocked), it turned out to be way more exciting and funnier when I finally got some grasp of the methods used to separate limbs of others."
,Recommended,219640,9958752,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Tuckankhamun,"role-playing medival knights, it's a sword/bow and arrow fight, 2 different teams each with a goal, it's cool to see a medival fight, somewhat realistic..."
,Recommended,219640,9537554,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,asadkjads,I don't own this game. 10/10
76561198057251142,Recommended,219640,9810071,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,SaintLucce,Good game you will enjoy playing it.
,Recommended,219640,9957342,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,JicMyMic,F***ing awsome
76561198078048409,Recommended,219640,9984850,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Micah,You should play this game u can chop heads off
76561198093532165,Recommended,219640,8073521,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Sako,"I like this game mostly because its about medieval warfare, and because its not a game where you get killed right when you leave spawn like most first person shooters. Its a game where you look down a hill and see people fighting left and right like a real war. All the classes have unique abilities and overall i think this is a very good game"
76561198041259344,Recommended,219640,8171827,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ᵏʰᵒʳₙᵉ Shits'N'Giggles,"Animation is OK, graphics are fine, but heck, the game is amazing.  Its super fun, scream yell and taunt your foes.  Poke your advisaries's bodys!"
,Recommended,219640,8425743,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dr.Nick Riviera,this game has ruined my life 10/10
,Recommended,219640,7855048,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Clint Beastwood,Sweeter than Gabe Newell's snow dogs!
,Recommended,219640,7863542,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mazinity,"A fun game for a few rounds, although as a new player, you'll probably get smashed by the skilled players who know exactly how to duel. The game really should be split into different leagues for different skilled players.Still its a great game to pick up and play with friends. Probably quite boring on your own however, as you'll get teamed by people all the time."
,Recommended,219640,8182969,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,who's mans,One of my favorite games. Love the combat mechanics and the medieval theme.
76561198045169675,Recommended,219640,8320720,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Papa John,MORE LIKE SHAVEYME: MYDICK IS HAIRYTHERE
76561198095168851,Recommended,219640,8409886,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Opt!x-|3d|,"This game is perfect. If you ever had fun playing jedi outcast, especially duels, this game was built for you."
,Recommended,219640,7743858,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Geraldo de Riviera,A really good game!! Test yourself against others in big medium or small battles!
,Recommended,219640,14929241,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,✪GameGhost✪,"Good medieval game, but its more fun when you got skillz :P"
,Recommended,219640,10925568,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Aluf Strife [אמריקה],"Who doesn't like cutting off arms, legs, and heads off a peasant?"
,Recommended,219640,29627923,Posted: 1 February,all,HULK #comeback,Good
76561198118532705,Recommended,219640,8547555,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,jackie,Your missing out if you don't play this game.
76561197979463206,Recommended,219640,14666292,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Audaz,"Your friend's dead, and Meryn Trant's not, 'cause Trant had armor. And a big ♥♥♥♥ing sword."
,Recommended,219640,14081529,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,HerbalOne984,SWING STAB CROUCH BLOCKComing This May.............Call Of Duty: Medieval Warfare
,Recommended,219640,13959600,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Spektor @School,"I really enjoy Chivalry Medevil Warfare because it is just a blast to play!Here are my reasons!The Good☺Deep melee combat mechanics allow different playstyles☺A lot of weapons for 4 different classes☺Nice variety of maps and gamemodes☺Great soundtrack and silly voice acting☺Pretty good graphics for an indie gameThe Bad☹Technical issues (false hit detections, bugs, crashes and framerate stuttering problems)☹Less depth on ranged weapon gameplay☹Somewhat unfair and unbalanced votekick systemWorth NotingTough for new players. One of those ""easy to play, hard to master"" -games. If you're going to get the game, you should be prepared to invest a lot of time and effort into this one. Even after +400 hours, I still feel like I learn something new every playtime.Just a small warning, the game doesn't have the 'friendliest' community out there. I've been teamkilled and votekicked from the game many times without any good reason. Try to play nice and fair, apologize for your accidental teamkills, otherwise ignore the chat firefights and you should be doing fine.I highly recommend having a decent internet connection, just to make sure that you will not get kicked from every server and that you would have overall the best possible multiplayer experience.The VerdictPersonal Rating: ""Worth playing""Traditional Rating: 9/10""If you can get past its few problems, you'll have one of the most fun multiplayer experiences out there."""
,Recommended,219640,11055503,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,http://csgothrow.lose 5¢ throws,"Its like COD, but with swords 10/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,14495070,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,deleted,"I paid for the likeness of the beta version, and not in what has become now."
,Not Recommended,219640,14768039,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,CyanideTaco,I do not reccomend to mac users simply of the system reqs. so unless You have i7 intel Witch is not in any mac laptops.
,Recommended,219640,10916337,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,lIHaVocIl,Slay those annoying archers!
76561197998686375,Recommended,219640,10824605,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jokkiz,Chopping heads of other people. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,10873074,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Smoof,Go full Berserk with this.
76561198064142866,Recommended,219640,6339395,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Jason Voorhees,Вещь советую!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198048427206,Recommended,219640,5355811,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Wasabimonk,"if you enjoy bloody gruesome violence with/against your friends, then you'll love this. I personnely find nothing better then chopping the head off your best friend:)"
,Recommended,219640,14895793,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Moderately Sized Smoke,10/10 would get kicked again
76561198079699133,Recommended,219640,13293631,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,I.S.O.F,VERY good game and fun to play but the bullsht is whean people kick you for ping or having the most kill or the same player cant kill you 3 or 5 time .but over all its a game worth your mony
,Not Recommended,219640,9602890,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Nepspoopnic,"This game depends on a niche, only fun for about 2 hours. Not worth."
,Recommended,219640,9588324,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Snot Bubbles,"Lovest thou to pillage, plunder, maim and gib thy opposition? Well then, give thy gold dubloons to this here venture!!! A jolly good romp indeed."
,Recommended,219640,702805,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,Crashdown,COD with swords
,Recommended,219640,711404,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Abschatten,Love this game! totally worth the $25 not on sale and so much worth it when its on sale
76561197966612593,Recommended,219640,250986,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Nonarch,It's like counter-strike with swords. Join the medieval blood fest.
76561197964525962,Recommended,219640,186410,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,Mr.Fluffington,"Nothing is more satisfying than removing your enemies head, and screaming at the top of your lungs."
,Recommended,219640,8604551,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Down with the Sikhness,"What happens when you combine the tactical squad based first person shooting of Counter-Strike and the whimsical humour of Monty Pyton? You Get Chivalry: Medieval Warfare!To me personally it's a great ""de-stresser"", as I hack away at my foes using my large broadsword. The main reason to get this alone is the chaotic multiplayer which provides a straigh-forward leveling system that unlocks new weapons for a more varied way of dispatching your foes.Overall a great multiplayer experience, albeit a tad crazy at times."
76561198027647899,Recommended,219640,8953923,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dreadful Skull,A multi-player hack-and-slash that requires skill to be good at. Truly gory combat and a variety of fighting styles.Game types and maps keep things interesting with mission objectives.Not really another game like it. You want multi-player that's something different that isn't just another shooter? Then this is what you need.
76561198034408916,Recommended,219640,9446004,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Peterwolf,This game changes me into a brutal warrior who killed his family with a cooking knife..Love it.
76561198027090994,Not Recommended,219640,9663997,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,kachaic,pls do avoid
,Not Recommended,219640,9680508,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,KurisuFag,Simply too bugy. Cant even join a match anymore.
,Recommended,219640,16061694,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,[GoG] † Empyrean λ,"Amazing game. Hard to find similar games like it in experience, graphics, gameplay, and customization. Plenty of gore, weapons, armor and war cries. Enjoyable and emersive tutorial gets you familiar with the game before you literally sail off into the bloody multiplayer or undead survival."
,Recommended,219640,16051872,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Smurfffff (R.I.P SCUBA STEVE),"One of my favorite games, but one downside is that the free for all matches are 30 minutes long and that people kill you before the game so you can't play. I do, infact, recommend this game to people."
76561198059790855,Recommended,219640,16049738,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Action Bastard,thomas the dank engine
,Recommended,219640,16057186,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Dave-O,This game is loads of fun.  Thats all you really need to know.
,Not Recommended,219640,15924846,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Gnomeblaster,"I'm sorry, but until this developer actually fixes all of the glitches in the combat, and contortion of people's bodies unrealistically. This game will be nothing more than a cluster♥♥♥♥."
76561198082250655,Recommended,219640,16004665,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,frozen north,"Chivalry is a game that is plenty of fun to play, once you get over the initial learning curve, and find a good team.Pros:+Combat system is very unique+Abandons the norm for games set in this era by not having magic (Spells and so on)+Feels more or less balanced (Minus a few areas)+Each of the classes are balanced+Team based game play (Minus free for all mode)+Requires you to think in combat+Map design is pretty well doneCons:-If something isn't balanced, then it is REALLY unbalanced (For better or for worse)-The usual fault of team based games is present (The winning team is not the better one, it's the one that's less crap)-Servers tend not to shift in terms of game mode-If you have over a hundred ping, you are completely screwed-You need a good computer to help ensure a low ping (I have a laptop. Trust me on this one)-Nobody seems to realize that you need to vary your attacks. This isn't minecraft after all. Spamming against a good opponent equals death.Points of note~No other game offers a melee combat system this complex in a multiplayer setting~If you have not figured out that all team based games share this same flaw yet, I don't know what to tell you (Yes, this is way off topic)Summary: Chivalry is a great game whenever things are going your way. If your team is trying to work together, it never seams to feel bad playing, regardless of whether or not your team is winning. This is also the games biggest flaw. You need to be working together with others. Friends working together is a good start, but a whole team working together? Now that is awesome, at least when it does happen. Trust me on this, teamwork is rare.Overall, this game deserves a solid 8/10 (6 or 7 out of 10 if your on a lower end computer)"
,Recommended,219640,16004988,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,[HSC] DELTATP,"A well balanced game, and brilliant to play with your friends.Would really rate it 10/10. A must-buy for medieval lovers, and for the funniest duels you could possibly ever imagine."
,Not Recommended,219640,16044109,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Kingaling,♥♥♥♥ing gay as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198091111453,Not Recommended,219640,16059974,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,SteelCentaur,"not worth your €4,59 :'("
,Recommended,219640,16050206,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SushicCat55,you can fist fight people
,Not Recommended,219640,33287049,Posted: 5 July,all,henrycats4life,I played this game for 31 minutes and I wasnt that great it felt very bland.The online community is filled with high ranking players that will always kill you.I do not recommend this game unless if it where on sale.
,Not Recommended,219640,19888496,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,boyswhocry54,♥♥♥♥ it
76561198073406815,Recommended,219640,16298977,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Rockageddon,"I played this game long before DLC.That used to be a point of pride, and when I'd buy the game for other people to grow the community I'd always point them toward the DLC page, which had none.Times change and everyone wants your money. I don't buy the game for other people anymore, and DLC put me off, my hack slash experience marred by no unlockables without coin.That aside it's the First Person Medieval game I've wanted since I watched Braveheart when I was young.10/10 on the perfect first person Axe Knight simulator"
,Recommended,219640,16243153,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,© Draven™,Got people in a straight line in front of a cannon.Light it up.One jumped out of way.Everyone got blown to pieces.10/10 would blow up again
76561198057912719,Recommended,219640,10319522,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Mebzerg,"It is a very fun game. Lots of gore and is very ridiculous. Great game to throw a lot of time into, you just have to play during the right hours or else its hard to find a match."
,Recommended,219640,10325135,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,CzarIvan7,"Good game. Expect friendly fire (not trolling, just idiots waving swords around like batons). Still quite fun."
,Recommended,219640,10154915,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Robro,runs like poopbut fun
,Recommended,219640,10160568,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Z3R0-,words cannot describe how awesome this game is
76561198131219373,Recommended,219640,10293880,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,LemonyFanta,Violence at its best
,Recommended,219640,10212609,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,The Revenant,"What's to say that hasn't been said before? This game is tremendously fun. It's Medieval multiplayer carnage! There's constant dismemberment, intelligible screaming, and archers....so many damn archers!Well, I'm sure you already know of this game. Four classes to choose from, each with their own pros and cons. Several game modes and maps to choose from. Personally I love Duel Mode with the Knight Class. Oh, also there's two teams to choose from of course. The Agatha Knights (Dumb nobility, and whatnot....) and the Mason Order (The Overly aggressive, slightly evil peasant supporters. Funny how they're evil, but their ideals are great...)So, if you want to know more just look it up, or ignore me completley because you already own this game. Just want to say, it's awesome and definitely one of my favorite muliplayer games of all time."
76561198005636959,Recommended,219640,10638293,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jack Ninety,Charging into battle in full armor wielding a massive sword.... What more could you want?
76561198084828888,Recommended,219640,10174791,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Rad1x,Awesome game. so fun to play especially with friends!
,Recommended,219640,10905239,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Maxstupo,Great game!
,Recommended,219640,10988991,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jesus On A Dinosaur,Can Impale multiple archers with spear 10/10
,Recommended,219640,13235467,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Bohemond of Taranto,Stress Reliever 2014: Chop off limbs edition 11/10
,Recommended,219640,14436425,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Huabbada,"The ""Sorry""-simulator 500011/10"
,Recommended,219640,16786359,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,muffi^5,do not feint unless you want angry russians in your game 8/10
,Recommended,219640,8851850,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Zelmak,Awesome game totally recommend!
76561198100012569,Recommended,219640,8862965,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Super Saiyan Rosé Goku Black,fun game thats all that needs to be said
,Recommended,219640,8777844,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Cole,Fun game.♥♥♥♥♥♥around for fun times. Play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. Too fun.
76561197982161625,Recommended,219640,8913090,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Rhodesian 🐒,Ay will chop yere hed ouf 'n eet yer olde eyeballs!
,Recommended,219640,8047519,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,dongus,game is p goodi like the bit where you giggle and throw firepots at the mlg tryhards
,Recommended,219640,14686923,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,CoyeK,"Although I have very little hours of time played, this game has got to be one of the best in my library. It has great voice acting, tons of detail to everything, You can customize your character. The game is hours of fun. Since I purchased it I haven't stopped playing it. Now for some negatives first of all the lag in some servers is a big issue whether its a sword going right through someone or your head exploding from someone slicing your leg. This has got to be the only issue and other than that is game is truly incredible.10/10"
76561198112575465,Recommended,219640,15465885,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Paschek,The only game so far i got addicted to.
76561198128861367,Recommended,219640,14699747,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,BowserFromSonic,never played the game so yea i might get it
76561198114240181,Recommended,219640,14686920,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,JuicyJuice,Does anyone know if you're called a noob in Chivalry or Call of Duty more?
76561198138839509,Recommended,219640,15134313,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,MartinPlaysOnline,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_15wKVCGv4this game is a brilliant game to play with friends and other people. :) except when I am ever online I always end up mucking around with people and my friends when playing this game. XD like how my friend PSO Aurum and I turn the gate into a trampoline. :D the top is the link to the video I have made and posted on YouTube if you all wanted too watch. :D
,Recommended,219640,9902855,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Spinrilla,"10/10 Graphics10/10 Gameplay10/10 Servers10/10 ModsSo as you can see ^^ i give it a 10. It has a lot of blood and gore in it, decapitating limbs, and some kick♥♥♥♥♥gameplay. Usually games like this are somewhat choppy and really hard to use, but Chivalry is a pretty simple game and its loads of fun. Great for playing with friends and you can even host a dedicated server. I simply just love this game. So worth the price of $24.99.I recommend this game to anyone."
76561198021405140,Recommended,219640,9940476,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,sebulbo,good swords
76561198022126715,Recommended,219640,9961829,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Ɖrəɐɱ,This aint the kinda swordfight that I'm used to but it manages to suffice in some regards. 8/10 ♥♥♥♥♥. Put in yo mouth ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,219640,10005129,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Matdione,Amzing graphics and gameplay. Highly recommendable game
76561198121240121,Recommended,219640,9981090,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Wulfeulf,"Chivalry is a great game for those who want a gory medieval experience.  The game types are pretty standard as far as multiplayer goes, but some maps favor one team over the other.  I highly recommend this game, although the community reminds me of the one i had to deal with when i played Gears of War."
,Recommended,219640,1045584,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,Ducttape2021,There is a button for screaming.
76561198015227392,Recommended,219640,2966521,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,WillyG,Game Of The Year yelling simulator 2013
,Recommended,219640,6693965,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,Vien 'Quitonm,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,219640,7005481,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Consigliere,"Oyun güzel.Ama bazı sorunlar var.Oyun zor tamam.Ancak (özellikle Türkiyede) girdiğimz serverde genellikle çok lag oluyor.Ve adam öldürmek zorlaşıyor.Oyunda molotonlaşınca sadece benim gibi ortaçağ ve tarih sevenler için arada bir oynanabilecek bir oyun oluyor. 8,5/10"
,Recommended,219640,8432695,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,JewperMan,"Skill based melee combat with good maps, objectives, and weapons makes for a great all around fun experience."
,Recommended,219640,13051242,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,i feel coke,"""fun"""
,Not Recommended,219640,28445583,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Uncy,"i had +400 hours on my first account.It's really cool game with nice mechanics (swings, 360, skill hits etc.) which are all bugs tho.BUT.This game is abandoned by developers - keep that in mind.There will be no updates, game is buggy as hell, it have few maps and nothing else.Developers, instead of making this game better - started a ""NEW"" project. Exact copy of chivarly, but with few magic skills and more overwatch like gameplay.Mordhau is coming in soon, save money for it, don't buy chivarly"
76561198097602722,Recommended,219640,10914482,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Deminok,"Probably one of my fav. games right now. HILARIOUS!!! Well made game, some bugs that need fixed and optimizing is overdue. FOR AGATHAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!             4/5          -1 for optimization"
76561198100796860,Recommended,219640,10918248,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,NutOwl,Best Game EVER!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,10815116,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,voodomajjic,like counterstrike with guns
76561198042480550,Recommended,219640,13042411,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Wolf,"This game is great, after an hour or so I got it. Great medieval war simulator. Not for the faint of heart. :)"
,Recommended,219640,11474504,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Ivan The Space Biker,İ broke my mousewheel 10/10
19181716151413121,Recommended,219640,10618440,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Willgar,Best fps melee dueling game I've played10/10
,Recommended,219640,10928414,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jordan's head,"If you like gore type of game,this game is for you.can chose first person view or third person view and have very good detailed game,get it now it is worth it."
,Recommended,219640,9068357,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Coreavus,This game is one of the most addicting I've ever played...it does take some time and dedication to get good at with most classes but once you do and you start making those large strings of kills and pulling off those epic wins it feels AMAZING! Leaves you blood hungry for MORE!!!FOR THE ORDER!!!
,Recommended,219640,9072283,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,disownedpear,Its good.
,Recommended,219640,8535435,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,✅VIDKID428✅,"very fun game, gore is epic"
,Recommended,219640,8530763,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,illuminationnn,this game is honestly amazing.. buy it now
,Recommended,219640,3369345,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,💯 Beardfinity 💯,FOOORRRRR AAGGGAAAAAAATTTTTTHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!1!!1!!!!!!!!YEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!!11!1!
,Recommended,219640,4540990,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Sirge,"Needs some polish, but a nice change from the crosshair (aim and click) FPS.Ok!  Its been out awhile and nicely polished...I'm still digging it."
,Recommended,219640,4886128,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Ryan,SO AWESOME!
76561198074563588,Recommended,219640,6766237,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Denis'ka arenduets,I can't believe - I played football HEAD!!..
76561198077273150,Recommended,219640,6850738,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,The Filthmeister,"goriest game I have ever seen. Brutal, fantastic, and skull shattering violence. BEAUTIFUL. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,12397344,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Davi',Almost at 500 hours on this game and I must say that it still doesn't bore me.Interaction with friends ingame is very fun and actually pretty effective with the voice commands :)Highly recommended.
,Recommended,219640,27724478,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ℱallin'ℭave,It's a good game.
,Recommended,219640,15602362,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Captain Purmada +__+,Very good game with a lot of good things and great gameplay! I love blood in this game and the fantastic fight that gives us ! 10/10 ! I love this game !
,Recommended,219640,2134378,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Vivpire 🦇,you hit people with swords and scream a lot
,Not Recommended,219640,14504206,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Darzoth,"It is unfinished... only multiplayers.There is no control at all of what is said in the servers. I know it is a violent game and I accept it, I like it.Real threats, that I do not take seriously happen, racial slurs happen, no filters in the server for automatic bans exist.Maybe because there is too few people playing the game, and principles are less important than money.Deleting it from my hard drive..."
,Recommended,219640,7965956,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,m.,It is just amazing!
76561198065701603,Recommended,219640,7918462,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Dongus McLongus,Non Stop FUN!
,Recommended,219640,8799969,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,RedBullet,this game ooooooooh oh hoo ho this game is a game that had the smallest window i have ever seen in my life and disallowing me to play which MADE ME ANGRY.
,Recommended,219640,8597452,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,nu tboy,Much funVery killMany blood               wowSo swordMuch goodWow
,Recommended,219640,10932888,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Big Squid,"Have you ever seen She's the Man? It's like that, but insted of a bad movie and soccer, you get swords and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,15868173,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Mohamed Siad Barre,"ProsShiny stuffGood OptimizationdecapitationLimbs can be cut off(Sadly not the limbs your thinking about)Mod Support/Workshop Great possibility for this game(Light Sabers,Game of thrones =0)War criesConsNo nude women yet.This Game.....Well this game.....has shiny swords and guts....and decapitation's........and mod support....sadly no nude women.....yet....maby"
76561198021079811,Recommended,219640,13812465,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,AWESOMEO,yes
76561197990946027,Not Recommended,219640,30141753,Posted: 24 February,all,Ultimatum Luci,"The game is unbalanced, broken and the devs added payed customization and DLC's to suck out the money of the few players left"
,Recommended,219640,27251643,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Haich,I like to spin.
76561197974140746,Recommended,219640,28911498,Posted: 1 January,all,Turnc0at,Best $2.50 I ever spent.
,Recommended,219640,28953202,Posted: 2 January,all,thug life [MLG],yay
,Recommended,219640,29558187,Posted: 28 January,all,Jawa,"Nobody needs ""For Honor"" if you have this piece of Gold!"
,Recommended,219640,28619368,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Klef McFarlin,iz good
76561198058225512,Recommended,219640,14701165,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Master Vladòrian,"Blood, gore, confusion, action. Welcome to Chivalry"
76561198095930617,Recommended,219640,16989176,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Skares,i love being a knight for 40 minutes
76561198192316310,Recommended,219640,17933686,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,cdrive1,"This game...what can I say about it that most haven't? I LIKE IT despite the flaws, and there are just moments to be had, seriously the Quarterstaff, while its damage output is TERRIBLE, it just wrecks shop when used right *Guard! Hoho! Riposte! Haha! Parry! Thrust!* But there are pretty good weapons in general, and it is properly optimized so laptop users! Never fear! Use the Low settings and you'll run it with little problems.Only had 1 crash in my time with it but it was a nasty one....Thankfully that hasn't soured the experience, so I recommend it."
76561198110060289,Not Recommended,219640,17865234,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Piiswatchingyou,"Good game, SOOOOOO laggy.....will edit latr if computer gets better"
,Recommended,219640,22606253,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Archer,"I would reccomend this game to anyone.There are several fun game modes to play each requiring varying amounts of teamwork and skill to complete. The different classes allow you to choose your play style. Do you want to be a speedy annoyance or a high damage tank soaking up hits? There are several different things you can do in combat such as feinting as well as different attack motions like overhead and stabbing. Combat requires using these teqniques in battle in the right combination and at the right time especially if you are facng a stronger opponent (There are some like backswinging and floorkissing which when done right are somewhat hard to counter, at least for me). Those added with the classes and the different weapons allow you to really cutomize your role on the battle field. Its a fun, competetive, and addicting first person slasher. Tornbanner did a good job.So should you buy this game?YES MY LORD"
,Recommended,219640,19883869,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,i quit.,"Bought it before 3 days, absolutely love it. No cases, no skins or any additional paid content to make you better. Im new and i find this game - skill. You need to dodge and to think when you need to attack or defend. Really nice that Valve is not here to make skins :)Recommended"
76561198043410700,Recommended,219640,4927537,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,wr.exe,"I've played a good bit, and I'm happy to say: Chivalry is my favorite game of all time. And that's not really a tough choice either. Apart from the good voice acting and graphics, the game's charm really lies in the combat mechanics.The sword combat is one of the very few instances of a game actually rendering both the first person and third person sword models in three dimensional space in front of the player. This is important because it allows for swords to actually collide in midair, essentially making chivalry a one of a kind sword combat experience. You can maneuver around shields and blocks, you can do some seriously cheeky things to hit your opponents. The end product is a fighting experience that is something like being in 300 or Braveheart. In that sense the game very much lives up to its mission statement.A large number of less experienced members of the community cry about 'shields not working' and players 'exploiting bugs,' but these people, who I imagine have actually hurt this game's sales to some extent, are basically just bad at the game. They are unable to imitate the strategies being used against them, and are consequently angry enough to write a negative review. There are no bugs in the combat system serious enough to imbalance battles.The only unironic 10/10 I'll ever give."
76561197995801517,Recommended,219640,9150532,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,א | Nasty Nes,awwww yis
,Recommended,219640,9164123,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,grrrb,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING NUTS.
,Recommended,219640,9164211,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,"cout << ""Disturbed Kid\n\n"";","Unreal Technology has always been one of my favorite compaines, with their ulimate graphics, and with this game they totally outdone themselves, in everything."
76561198046530628,Recommended,219640,29737866,Posted: 6 February,all,bbq,♥♥♥♥ing funpro tip = ctrl + c
,Recommended,219640,29512235,Posted: 26 January,all,Dice,Better than For Honor
,Recommended,219640,27794450,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aoi,Pretty fun game and has an amazing community. Play the ranged class if you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone off :^)
02193810751059250,Recommended,219640,28440318,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,fuck you superiorservers.co,VERY GOOD AND SO FUNNY
,Recommended,219640,28332344,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Kurlbi,"Killed someone speaking in Arabic while screaming ""DEUS VULT"""
76561198294695208,Recommended,219640,28957218,Posted: 2 January,all,йДй,"Looks a little aged, but it's fun.Buy it when there's a sale.XOXO-daddy"
,Recommended,219640,26697820,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,RyzenFlein,"Trust me, you will get some special feels when you hit the enemy target."
,Recommended,219640,27792009,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BilliusTheRed,"Absolutely mint game, wish Australia had more servers to play but regarless it's lots of fun"
,Recommended,219640,29940189,Posted: 15 February,all,Grucha,One of the best MMO FPS game I have ever played :)
,Recommended,219640,18110316,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,UmbraLune,Its amazing how you're able to punch people's head off
,Recommended,219640,9347483,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Kabuk,AGATHAAAA!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,10168056,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Vanity,Good game ♥♥♥♥♥es!
,Not Recommended,219640,26409548,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Cherish the T,"Fun game at first but once you get out of the the low level servers you will be constantly abused by high level ballerinas, if your game becomes boring once you remove high level play ""tactics"" like a 180 degree spin backwards overhead from a Maul, then your current concept of balance is flawed inherantly."
,Not Recommended,219640,22356740,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Deetea,"Garen cosplay simulator, spin to win. Only fun ranking up to lvl 15."
76561198014192747,Not Recommended,219640,22363368,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,thejoltman,If Yall Like Helicopters then You will surely Love this game....
,Not Recommended,219640,26668078,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ToastieR,Not recommened sorry.
,Not Recommended,219640,11425119,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Jake Sully,I don't recommend this game anymore due to to meny doing 1vs1 on team objectives mode and then they keep vote kicking others off the server so they can keep doing 1vs1 tdm -.-specialy user named Bandik he appears to be 9 year old vote kicking me off just so him and a noob friend can do 1vs1.
,Recommended,219640,28821767,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,emacs,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198116648738,Recommended,219640,22650006,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Velocity,If you don't like this game you need to be put into a mental institution immidiately
76561198137733519,Recommended,219640,22649586,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,The Supreme Scrub,"This game destroys relationshipsIn Medieval Warfare, there are no friends"
76561198230442688,Recommended,219640,22681733,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,mr.bonana,"""Head lopping simulator, 10/10"""
76561198286868916,Recommended,219640,22657056,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,WHY_U_TRYNA_DUCK,AWESOME
,Recommended,219640,16140041,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Sasuke-kun,Very good game for people who like this genre of games.+Good gameplay+Nice MP+Maps+Sound and Music (not much music :D)-Not singleplayer :(            (it could be good)9/10
76561198026236139,Recommended,219640,13463237,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Regen752,Back stabbing simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,219640,12288187,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,JJ544w5rgh,"A game where more skilled players have fun at the expense of lesser skilled players. Most other competative multiplayer games provide alternate means of fun for people with bad skills through either cooperation or extra activities, but this game offers zero mitigation.If you are skilled like me, you'll love this game. If you want to just chill and have fun, avoid this game at all cost."
,Not Recommended,219640,32762704,Posted: 25 June,all,TreasuRe,"My worst buy of all time for my steam account, this game is really boring, with really bad gameplay and fight mechanics, limited movement and a totally chaos on battlegrounds. I wouldn't play it anymore even if I got it free..."
,Recommended,219640,13088523,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,I'mNotScaredOfSpiders,bashed my friends head in10/10
,Recommended,219640,20303502,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,yeet,its fun
,Recommended,219640,14972628,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,*&$%4#!1,"This game is good, but you didn't fell like a hero in films. This game shows you're simple warrior and you need learn much to get a glory. You need play this game very many hours to play non-stop. If you wanna be a hero in films this is bad game. But if you wanna get good warrior with stairs okay :D. I think need more different attacks and new weapons. Because i think this 3 attacks is boring."
76561198037457143,Recommended,219640,24709790,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Ipu,"This game is extremely realistic and historically accurate for these reasons:1. Everyone gathers in a big pile, swinging away at everything, ultimately killing more teammates than enemies2. The insults in the chat are intense - just like the real medieval times, but with a modern twistMarvelous"
,Recommended,219640,24549830,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Daybreak,"This game is great, and the community isn't as toxic as people say it is. From my point of view, every server I have joined has great people, and most of the servers I have been on gave me a few friends. Although the combat isn't as realistic as I would hope it to be, it is still really fun. It may be rage inducing when you get killed by a random archer or people behind you while you are being epic, but still, it keeps me coming back to the game. You should try this game out, but one thing to note is that the game is a bit too pricey. STILL EPIC!EDIT: If you do try this game out, remember to spam C. :D"
76561198058879971,Recommended,219640,16023968,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Apache,Guess it´s okay
76561198134475737,Not Recommended,219640,16064679,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Bradley Shearer,its terrible it dont even run it
76561197968122804,Recommended,219640,23893745,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Volrik,"This is probably the only game I have ever played that requires a lot of combat skill to play.Everything else is simply, point and click, when you get done playing Chivalry.I have been playing this game since it's inception as a half-life mod, Age of Chivalry.  No other game comes close to satisfying that medieval desire that streams through my DNA for some reason.If you have that same itchy feeling, that nagging urge to lop someone's head off, there is no where else you need to go.This is it.  The meaty sound of a javelin piercing someone's chest cannot be duplicated anywhere else I can find.However, as with most gaming communities these days, don't expect a warm welcome.Even to this day, I still play with in-game chat turned off.  I don't need to read all the ♥♥♥♥♥ing about archers, dragging weapons, feinting, etc.  I have no problems with any of the mechanics that are currently in the game.  I personally do not spin attack, and even after many hours of game-play, there are still many players I just cannot beat.  What's my solution?  I don't know, maybe a fire pot to soften them up, or a heavy xbow bolt from cover.This game can even be fun for the family on a LAN with bots playing Team Objective.Imagine paying $3.74 for a thousand hours of fun?  What a steal.Buy the game and tough it out rookie.Is that chainmail?  Or are you wearing a skirt?"
,Recommended,219640,9798054,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,King Chad™,"One should not be intimidated by CMW. Nor should one prejudge, despite the fact that CMW is non-vintage and comes in such large containers. Do not be fooled: this is not a AAA game. I always find it important to taste games using high-quality stemware -- this is a game deserving of something better than a Flintstones plastic tumbler. One should pour just a small dollop and swirl it in the glass -- note the coating and look for clots or discoloration. And the color -- it should be opaque, and very, very white. Now, immerse your nose in the glass and take a whiff. CMW transports you instantly to scenic hill towns in central Italy (is that Montepulciano I detect?) --- there is the loamy clay, the green grass of summer days, the towering cypress. And those gentle hints of Italian flowers -- wild orchids, sunflowers, poppies. Then, one takes in the thick liquid and lets it roll across and under the tongue -- what is that? perhaps a hint of a nutty Edam cheese? With CMW, you feel the love of every developer involved -- from the somewhat sad and deranged farmhand shovelling steaming cowpies to the bored union milk maiden dreaming of leaving this soul crushing life behind for a job waiting tables for obnoxious American tourists in Siena. But not too fast -- sip gently, slowly, or one is in danger of not only missing the subtleties of the game's texture and its terroir, but -- if chilled too long -- also of giving oneself a blinding ice cream headache. Nay, savor the goodness that only developers working at the apex of their craft can deliver. CMW is best drunk young -- no, no, don't cellar this gem -- I guarantee you'll be sorry if you do. I recommend pairing with freshly baked macadamia nut scones. I gives this one a 92."
76561198120271836,Recommended,219640,13439863,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,BreadandButter,"I told people to leave alone so i could mutilate a body.10 limbs out of 10 limbs.Seriously though, great game."
,Recommended,219640,13333957,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Pυтιη🐉🐉🐉,Awesome game!
,Recommended,219640,17889636,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,NoobPunisher,Ripping heads off simulator 2015 10/9Would rip heads off again.
,Recommended,219640,16095328,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,hazzane1,-installs game-plays game-get's head cut off11/10 would head again
,Recommended,219640,14732099,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,L𝗬𝗦𝗘𝗥𝗚I𝗖𝗔L,Pros:-Very skill based-Lots of combat mechanics-Fast servers-Vast variety of gameplay styles availibleCons:-Combat can be glitchy because it's very dependent on player input-Terrible balance (Ranged classes are useless)-Graphics aren't so great
,Not Recommended,219640,15959697,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Egee,"Gory medieval warfare action with lots of different game types from free for all death matches to team objectives. Really cool idea. The execution, however, is terrible.I could go on at length all the things wrong with this game but fundamentally the combat mechanics are horrible. Worse, actually. Abysmal is a much better word.If you have dozens upon dozens of hours to sink into the game figuring out the combat mechanics, sure it might be a decent game. MIGHT be. Maybe.Another glaring issue is the way the game handles latency. If your in-game ping is over 100, forget trying to do anything, let alone participate in combat. The hit-detection is already a clusterf*ck, add latency and it's like you are swinging at thin air. But your opponents? Well, they'll hit you every single time.If you've been on the fence about picking this one up - don't. You'll play it for a couple of hours and it will sit in your steam library collecting dust."
,Not Recommended,219640,14751527,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Chad Thunder,DEFEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEND THE TREBEUCHETTTTTTTTTTTSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197975814352,Not Recommended,219640,16123614,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Shadowdienastie,"You spend good money on a game and all of it's expansions only to find out that they want more real money from you in-game. The menus are clunky as is the game play, and you can't customize you character unless you want to spend a bunch more money. I bought the expansions for the game but I don't think they actually added anything since they show up separately when I launch the game as if they are stand alone content.      0/10 I feel so absolutely cheated"
,Recommended,219640,13227401,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,foxpassed,Bashing someone's head in is therapeutic.
,Recommended,219640,1347146,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Duke of Prunes,Clang clang sblash.
76561198042346063,Recommended,219640,4838528,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,Rogue_Element,"So, so good. Very skill based so you'll probably have your head caved in more often than not the first few matches but hang in there cause after you get over that noob hump you'll truly start to see the awesome adrenaline pumping maddness that is Chivalry."
,Recommended,219640,22628052,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Cyn,It comes with Dedicated Kick & Scream Buttons!
,Recommended,219640,17913608,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Nigward,I dont even own this game
,Not Recommended,219640,16059770,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Makaveli,"This was my go to play offline game for awhile, I stopped playing it for a long timeeeeeeee.  I came back to it yesterday and wtf.  Bot are just ♥♥♥♥ed up now.  It was so fun to get a big group of bots and go play arena.  Now the bots are too stupid to even leave the arena and they just die.  I was playing Last Team Standing on some random map.  I died, had 1 guy left of my team and 2 guys on the other team.  They literally stayed in the same area moving back in forth in a strange pattern.  I didn't know what the hell was going on.Weird to think a game's bots could be downgraded so heavily.  I don't wanna play with real people, pleaseee fix the bots"
76561197974781328,Recommended,219640,665432,"Posted: 7 November, 2012",all,Plexiglas,"All this killin, and I haven't even eaten breakfast yet."
,Recommended,219640,10964742,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Her's,"Really cool game , enjoying every minute of playing that one !!"
,Recommended,219640,28428393,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Vekkstar,Best Game For 2017
,Not Recommended,219640,17578792,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Xangelix,"This game could be fun. I liked it at first but then I started to get further along and started seeing the problems. The problem is with the combat...which that is all there is in this game really. You can dodge shots but looking upwards or down wards so your character bends up or down and its like The Matrix. You can also make your weapon hit faster by turning your field of view so your hit connects with your enemy in your backswing. It is really cheesy and broken. I must say I did really enjoy the game in the lower levels when new people didn't know what they were doing, just like me. Its a shame. This game could have been cool but it will just end up making you mad."
,Not Recommended,219640,18001235,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Antares,"Waste of Money, Time and Life."
76561198112708975,Not Recommended,219640,18007203,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,db4ks,Love the game!Accept..The part where you have to buy every weapon and shirt in the game1 crossbow 3.99$The Creators Are thirsty For money!
76561198040853161,Recommended,219640,13402985,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,kapple,"They may take our lives, but they will neve- yeah no I'm just doing this for the community badge, sowweh. Good game tho? <3"
,Not Recommended,219640,13352615,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Zaipei,"My personal opinion on this is not too great, but great concept to the game, and can see why some people would like it, however just a bit too complicated unless your very experienced."
76561197993705944,Recommended,219640,13369434,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,r6pokey,awesome game highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,219640,2543849,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Woofter,This game is the mother ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ So ♥♥♥♥ing fun bro!
76561198081032206,Recommended,219640,6970076,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,⊕†ֆ | DaggerMaster,Gooood game :D
,Recommended,219640,9535111,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Fumo,"In this game, whoever screams the loudest winsI scream, you scream, we all scream for AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI'm really good at screaming so I win a lot"
,Recommended,219640,27026502,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheUnicornMaster,"It's like TF2 in Medieval times. Kind of crummy combat system though. A lot of the higher level player exploit the bugs to win. The higher level community is also rude, but that's expected.However, it's hella fun, especially with friends, and a good game to get while it's on sale.The multitude of bugs sometimes takes the fun out of it.7/10"
,Recommended,219640,10148508,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,seekerpig,"Its a pretty sweet game once you learn the mechanics , getting kills left and right is very satisfying."
,Recommended,219640,10133525,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,:b:,"This is a great game. The devs still put out new content, and it has a great community. This gamae has the greatest melee combat I've ever seen in a game and most likely will be for a long, long time. If you love smashing your enemies, decapitating them with your handheld guillotine, or dropping them like flies from afar, this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,219640,10135767,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Godden Walker,"Great game, 10Stars!"
,Recommended,219640,10031336,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Ashy_Trea,By far my favorite game to date. It can be buggy and annoying but it's an experience you will never forget. Do yourself a favor and get it :p
,Not Recommended,219640,10040414,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Tisrok,"Finally called it quits and uninstalled. Played a lot about a year ago, where I actually found *fewer* bugs and crashes than I do now. Coming back to the game recently, just to find the objective to be hats and paid armors. Gameplay mechanics seem significantly altered and getting mobbed by men at arms who can kill considerably faster than I recall is no fun.Just my 2 cents."
76561198040644782,Recommended,219640,8502798,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,$Legendary_BEAST,Very good !
76561198276921916,Not Recommended,219640,28455005,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,The Real Normie,"Great game.But the player base is dead...Almost every sever is empty..Plus the animations in this game are terrible. For ex. it takes 2 seconds to swing after you already pressed the mouse and to make matters worse there are a few who exploit this by doing a spin to give them a instant swing. look up ""Chivalry: Medievil Warfare Duels (spin spin spin)"" on youtube.There is a game called  Mordhau, it look way better than chiv, so just wait for that.but if you do want this game now...Then wait for winter/summer sale this is always like 3 dollars."
76561197977976796,Not Recommended,219640,19641345,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,()_T_N_T_)----*,"Don't bother wasting your money on this game. Only reason I did was because during the promo it was $5.00Basically the games idea of medieval combat is great, at first when you first start its awesome while you're learning the basics. Once you get even remotely decent at the game you're experience drops drastically and you realize you wasted money.Boils down to the games development team was lazy, and didn't take the time to place effort into making a smooth running combat game. The maps you constantly walk around glitching unable to turn a corner that is wide open. Jump through a window with PLENTY of space and ledge. Or the most common one is going up ramps up castles you can't turn the corner without swinging the turn like you're a semi truck. The collision setup of character models is so poor it alone is a frusterating challenge. And then to top it all off. Game lags during combat during the bigger maps bad because the coding for the encounters is poor.If you like walking around stuck on everything, and unable to land blows even when they are dead on shots, and you're dying all the time. This game is for you. Otherwise if that sounds like a terrible experience. It is..."
76561198016431861,Not Recommended,219640,16239040,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Solo Death,"This game could be absolutely AMAZING... except it's anything but. It's got an unbelievable amount of bugs and glitches in it, making a lot of stuff in the game borderline nonfunctional. Balancing isn't there, at all. It amounts to ""earn maul, win game, become nearly unkillable and one shot everyone"". Lots of desync issues and finding a server that you can actually connect to, and not either immediately get timmed out, or get kicked because you had a small ping spike, is a chore.To add to ALL OF THAT, the community is one of the worst I have ever seen in a game. There's 3 types of people in this game. Ragers, who just rage and insult anyone who does literally anything in the match. Votekickers, who do poorly in game and try to get whoever is better than them kicked from the server. Last but not least, there's the troll/teamkiller, who does absolutely nothing in a game except kill their teamates. Also, don't bother trying to get any of them kicked from the game yourself, because you're the one who'll get kicked.TL;DR: Chivalry: medieval warfare has the potential to be an absolutely incredible game, but falls short in literally every single aspect imaginable and unimaginable, and I don't see a future for this game in any way shape or form.0/10, would not play again, spent your 25$ elsewhere."
76561198139079007,Not Recommended,219640,17066747,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Owen,its a waste of money i should of got dishounerd on the steam sale
76561198031673181,Not Recommended,219640,17182272,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Kid Charlemagne,"All the ""pro"" players just crouch, look straight up to the stars, and swing in some weird epileptic fashion which questions the capacity of the human body like you are some super gymnastic, and then you die. Best Medieval combat since Mount and Blade, gg."
76561198106983484,Not Recommended,219640,21563344,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,[BLU]dragonking3002,9/10 Not enough pommel throwing
76561198109969012,Not Recommended,219640,21632938,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Moon Man,it dosnt matter what the game was before it is♥♥♥♥♥♥now
,Recommended,219640,7933875,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Kawada,"Funny, hilarious.Play it with a group of friends and you will not regret it!Yes it's full of bugs and major flaws, but it is worth it, just for the fun factor especially with your mates :)."
,Recommended,219640,7798252,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,aztral,Thought it would be stupid as hell and it is. Still spent 9+ hours swinging a stupid sword at other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It's great to play when your drunk and you run into 20 guys solo while yelling DEMACIAAAA!
,Recommended,219640,7785980,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,vanburman,'It's like Call Of Duty but for Geeks' Is a line I used in my video review of this game quite sometime ago and it still stands true. This is the sort of thing I have been after ever since I first got into gaming and it is quite easliy one of the best games on Steam at this current time. It's a must play for anyone who loves the medieval period. Also a great alternative to Call of Duty if you find that to be repulsive like me. Nothing like some archer shooting you down and then going after him and cleveing him inhalf with your massive Greatsword. 9/10 *Must Play
,Recommended,219640,7783981,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ShadyS,"Oh my God! I was dreaming about game like that so much! It's about medieval warriors, has great fighting system, great atmosphere, player customization and very important that it is playing from first person view. I spend a lot of time playing Chivalry and also new DLC and had absolute fun.But also there a lot of things that should be much better. There no a many content at all. New DLC has 150% more content than original game, but there could be more armor types and equipment.Animations are not the best. You should do it more smooth and realistic, sometimes fighters moving like plastic toys.I understand that Torn Banner is indie studio, you done some huge work. So I think it's about 8\10, great, but I hope that Chivalry 2 will be much better. Also I think, you should do it about medieval knights again, but more seriously."
76561198099051116,Not Recommended,219640,26121719,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Coldgie,"Fun idea and game, but sucks due to broken mechanics (the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t rainbow spin of doom)"
76561198096556146,Not Recommended,219640,26123515,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Jumpman98,"The concept is cool, but some poor execution keeps this from being all that enjoyable.The Pros:Interesting conceptSeveral different modesThe graphics, while starting to look outdated, look decent. The game runs well on lower to mid level gaming pc's so no problem there.Some custimization options.Cons:Limited playstyle options. There are four different classes: Archer and basically three knights. One could compete in the long jump olympic challenges so that's cool. Regardless, this makes the game boring if you play it for very longSome stuttery animations.Crappy hitboxes. I cannot tell you how many times I've been stabbed through a shield.Seemingly inconsistant outcomes in battles/duels. I pick up on patterns faily quickly, but it seemed as if there were no patterns in the outcomes of duels. Like I can stab someone in the face and they take some damage but someone can immediately come out of no where and stab my back and I go from 100 to 0 health instantly. Most battles had me scratching my head over whether the seemingly bs outcomes were either from hackers, crappy servers (even with low ping) or crappy game design.While this game can be fun for a little bit, chances are you will find reasons to at least dislike the game after awhile..."
76561198069088779,Recommended,219640,19064424,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Shawn,I hit rank 16. That means I can't play Chivalry anymore.
76561198199527074,Recommended,219640,22442101,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Rodgirth Thundercock,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,219640,26327525,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Quade,Spin2Win is cancer
76561198012291651,Not Recommended,219640,26356305,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Nivaal,Play Mount & Blade instead.
,Recommended,219640,7760151,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,재재,There is something about running into battle knowing you or them are going down. A fun and different fp game built on melee combat. A super fun game to play with friends or in a squad.
,Recommended,219640,11425836,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Envro,Chopped a mans head off! :ORating: 11/10
,Recommended,219640,29967074,Posted: 16 February,all,"one sip, and wooooo",♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but good just lek ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,12651543,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Jeff,AAAAAGAAATTHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,219640,28837750,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,glassbreaker,"(+) very fun hack n slash game,especially with friends.unique FPS hack n slash game with wide variety of class customization like weapons,shield,etc.easy looking graphic with a little bit of gore.quite many maps and game modes(-) no official dedicated servers from game dev, relying completely on community servers."
,Recommended,219640,18133755,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Sir H. Roflstomp,get cucked by level 60 knights that block every attack you do and archers - the game
,Recommended,219640,19296612,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,TFL | Iodine,"teamkill simulator 2015""sorry"" simulator 2015""omg i parried wtf"" simulator 2015flying ballerina with sword simulator 2015""mind those archers"" simulator 2015""server is full"" simulator 2015""CMW.exe has stopped working"" simulator 2015Don't play this game unless you have a PhD in spinning in circles10/10Trailers are great though"
76561198046219371,Recommended,219640,19931750,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,AntiBen666,Zweihandersscreaminggenocide10/10
,Recommended,219640,20282263,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,piss lunch,Teamkill: The Game
76561198043400430,Recommended,219640,18862880,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,BITTERMONK,"THIS GAME IS DOPE ALMOST LIKE REAL LIFE,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE WORTH THE MONEY,IF ONLY I COULD USE THE CONTROLLER CANT GET IT DOWN THE MOUSE IS LIMITED"
76561198112768763,Recommended,219640,23929401,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bill l'abeille,Gud Game
76561197989136666,Not Recommended,219640,23929898,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,cutievinie:3,Clunky as hell!Feels like im hitting exploding dummies with a broomstick!Why do people even enjoy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198044103089,Not Recommended,219640,16144683,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kei,"The game is great but the servers are broken, it takes like 20 minutes every-time to get a working server."
76561198028490594,Not Recommended,219640,15208022,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Chunk Spadoodie,"This is probably the only game I can think of where you only have fun if you're doing wellMost games, even when you do bad, you think ""oh well♥♥♥♥♥♥I suck, oh well the game is well made so it's all good!"". As an example, I failed hard in both Hotline Miami games (especially the 2nd one), but I kept playing cause they were well made and interesting.This game on the other hand, is as random and as frustrating as it can get. Surely, if you're a pro player, you might be thinking: ""HURR GITGUD"". But c'mon, when five enemies target you AT THE SAME TIME without even thinking ""can this guy really handle it?"", I can't help but just kind of... something.Also, sometimes when you SEE the blade go through you, you don't get hit, and when you CLEARLY dodge it, you take massive damage. Also I don't need to mention how heavier weapons somehow manage to hit you faster than a daggerI've played this game for 40 hours now, I think, so I guess I can call it a guilty pleasure. It's probably because it's the only sword & shield game I can find on Steam... And no, I am not buying Dark Souls"
,Not Recommended,219640,16126812,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Worm,This game is only fun until you rank up past the newbie servers. Playing it against people with hundreds of hours is just an exercise in frustration.
,Not Recommended,219640,26926471,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Messy Mexican,JUST NO
,Recommended,219640,30948470,Posted: 4 April,all,S o l e ñ i a,horde mode is fun...8/10
76561198127640763,Recommended,219640,28716626,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gunchx,Chop off some arms and legs. good fun.
39478923749721012,Recommended,219640,10514256,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Resinox,"decent game with a decent combat system and awesome maps, it may have a few bugs but it's still good game."
,Recommended,219640,14365103,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,James (not Michael) Stevens,"The only game where I could have a 1kill to 30 deaths k/d and still leave the server with a smile on my face, no need for ragequiting. This game is awesome but very hard to play, this is a true skill game. No offence but the skill you need to play good is a lot higher than the skill you need for csgo...."
,Recommended,219640,14559754,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ℒℎ | Waterboy,Very gud gaem
76561198044400579,Not Recommended,219640,16060568,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,DDG Gnom3Bl4ckB3ard,af
,Recommended,219640,16546156,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Сийм,Very good fps medival realistic gameaaaaa
,Recommended,219640,16075319,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Sir Nerd (Negev),<33
,Recommended,219640,12242657,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Great_Snake,"Overall a very good game, it seems like even though the game has been out for awhile they still have some things they need to balance."
76561198022264717,Recommended,219640,13023877,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Nicolas Uncaged,The taunts alone make this game worthwhile
76561198102056308,Not Recommended,219640,11740386,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,predaboy09,not for $24.99
,Not Recommended,219640,12198704,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Rodrrico,"Considering that online servers are quite sparse these days and full of pathetic trolls, I found myself playing against bots. However this was a complete waste of time as I couldn't level up playing offline or gain any achievements.Chivalry is seriously flawed with many glitchy bugs. I don't recommend this at all. Save your money and buy War of the Roses instead."
76561198016495043,Recommended,219640,13917613,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,{uZa}MattBaker,"WARNING: Decapitations, corpse desecration, taunting in the teeth, and general hilarity may ensue. 10/10 would recommend."
76561198145265338,Recommended,219640,18763563,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,MrGroszmen,really fun to play :D
76561198021352119,Not Recommended,219640,14981864,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,ARTIFAX,Not really that good.  Fun for the lower levels but then it just gets ridiculous.  Frustrating and boring and repetitive.
76561197994424142,Not Recommended,219640,14936612,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Skialdi,Overall I think this game was terrible.  Mostly because the controls and execution made it difficult to get pulled into the world.  I barely made it past the tutorial.
,Recommended,219640,30729059,Posted: 25 March,all,OMEGALUL,BTEC For Honor
,Recommended,219640,13047288,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Venom Wolfx,The game's combat is very fluent and it's fun to play with your friends. Glad the devs have updated for full controller support after release for Xbox 360.
76561197983163896,Recommended,219640,13047450,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,BeatYourHeadIn,"Black Knight mod recommended only.I had gotten to the point in my years-long Chivalry career where I could no longer stand the divergence from the classic Age of Chivalry gameplay. For those readers who don't know, Age of Chivalry is the Source Engine mod that is the origin of the Chivalry series. The developers have chosen to embrace certain mechanics in the new game that I always found annoying since its release, mechanics that in my opinion muddy the balance between classes and lower the overall realism of the experience. It was especially due to the unrealistic nature of these mechanics that I stopped playing this game for a long while.I realize that some people will consider my *hated flaws* as their *favorite features*. I also realize that it would take a heavenly intervention from Jesus himself to perfectly balance the gameplay, so you can be sure that I don't have any unreasonable expectations of this game. However, I would argue that the developers would consider gritty realism to be a key selling point for the series. Case in point: the weapons categories and character classes each have their own unique utility, strengths, and weakness that allow them play in a realistic way. Polearms have the range; two-handed weapons have power; one-handed weapons have speed; blunt weapons have bonus against armor; archers are squishy; knights are tanks; etc, etc.... it all makes sense. So clearly a deep level of realism has been strived for here. This is where the game mechanics added to Chivalry that weren't in AoC subtract realism from the sequel, and really take a big step away from balance between the classes.First issue-this is the on minor end of my criticisms-is the new character abilities: the main point here is the lack of balance between the new abilities. They give an unnecessarily large advantage to two classes, leaving the other two classes in the dust in terms of power and usefulness.The AoC Vangaurd has been weaponized as an Intercontinental Ballistic Vangaurd that can fly great distances to one-hit kill archers and otherwise deal huge damage with absolutely no skill required (even after a nerf). In regard to the vangaurd special ability, one could argue that it was specifically added to help vangaurds deal with archers. In fairness, it can be hard to counter archers since vangaurds have a distinct lack of a shield. However, almost all the vangaurd weapons can one-hit kill an archer already, and the ones that can't will still easily dispatch archer in two hits if the he is caught with his bow out. So, in the end, did this ability really add balance in this situation? Or did it simply skew it by bringing an unreasonably high-damage, broken attack mechanic to the vangaurd arsenal? I'll let you decide, but know that it causes glitchy vangaurd animations and unpredictable movement (sometimes it's a short hop of a couple feet and other times it's a Dragon Ball Z-esque power level 9000 long distance dive bomb) while dealing a hell of a lot of damage for a LMB attack. Bottom line: it's over powered.The Man-at-Arms from AoC has been replaced by Nightcrawler from X-men, a dodge-happy teleporting menace that can absolutely dominate beyond reason in the hands of the better players, even after a nerf to the ability. I only have this to say about the dodge ability: Man-at-Arms was already the most mobile and agile class, why does this ability have to be so powerful? Also, why does the Man-at-Arms as a light, shield-using class have a two-hit left mouse button kill on the archer? I'm sidetracking here, but this has to be said: a two-hit kill using overheads or stabs I understand because these attacks require accuracy and rightly should deal higher damage than a slash. But a two-slash kill? It boggles the sodding mind. This is the single biggest balance issue in the game. I stress I don't expect perfect balance in this game, but this ""MAA LMB two slash kill on archers"" garbage should be fixed. The speed, agility, and shielding of the MAA rightly represents the biggest threat to the archer class as it is, why sour this relationship with imbalance in the form of an overpowered slash?Meanwhile, the knight gets no upgrades (except for access to better sword/shield combinations, but that's more of a sidegrade than an outright upgrade) and the archer upgrades are spotty and in some cases actual digressions. (Javileneers even had an attack -the jav slash- completely removed in the transition from AoC to Chivalry). To call the single-use deployable shield of the crossbowman an ability is a sad joke, as it's usefulness is VERY limited in scope (read: as cover from other archers while reloading). The archer backstab ability is also a joke. The Chivalry archer's role is long range support, a glass cannon of sorts who should avoid melee when possible. However, the nature of the backstab ability is that of a stealthy, infiltrating assassin. As such, the backstab rarely has an effective use in this game since the archer is more of a Legolas and less of a Sam Fisher. Worst of all, it doesn't one-hit kill any class, meaning a melee battle will usually ensue after the backstab hits (or misses). Isn't a melee battle the one thing that bowman should be avoiding? A little logic goes a long way in highlighting poorly implemented mechanics, doesn't it?All that said, the abilities are something that can be tweaked towards balance. As they stand in their current format, they are a noble attempt at progressing the depth of gameplay of the series, but are by no means balanced.  It is foolish to consider them in a 'finished' state.The second issue and the most severe of my complaints is the movement mechanics. First up, weapon dragging. Experienced players will swear by weapon dragging, and fair enough, I do think it has a place in Chivalry. But in the current format it is too powerful.  It makes sense that the mouse movements can ""rotate the hips"" and help an attack connect earlier in the swing.  However, the idea that a hit early in the swing should deal full damage is flawed. The weapon in reality does not not have full momentum during the early swing and by the laws of physics should deal less damage. Let's keep dragging in the game, but enhance the realism by adding an incremental damage system or something to that effect to nerf the power of this mechanic.The second critism in movement mechanics is the lack of momentum displayed by characters. This is probably a challenging issue to tackle from a programming perspective, but it's not impossible to implement. After all, it flies in the face of logic that a character can turn on a dime without losing momentum and head in an opposing direction at full speed. It allows for the exsistence of ""ballerina"" knights and vangaurds who behave more like a man-at-arms than an armor clad juggernaut. They're still juggernauts, only they can move like Black Swan and they're just as crazy. Developers, at the very least remove a character's sprint if he makes more than a 90 degree turn.These two *features* of movement combine to slaughter any sense of realism so carefully incubated in the game.There is exciting hope though. A new mod called Black Knight levels the playing field between classes. It features dismemberment as a game mechanic. It forces all classes (especially the heavy ones) to avoid damage trading and be more tactical with feints and parries. It allows the lighter classes to utilize their speed to greater effect. In short, the tanks are a little less tanky, the ballerinas can be slowed with tactical leg removal, and the speed of man-at-arms and archers plays a bigger role than in vanilla Chivarly. Taking hits is more costly, and this makes combat feel more real. After all, IRL who would let themselves get stabbed by a short sword just so they can draw an enemy in for a killing blow from a war hammer? The ballerinas can keep their vanilla Chiv, I'll take my Black Knight mod any day."
76561198016383474,Recommended,219640,22256342,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hileos,Chivalry in my opinion is the pinnacle of medieval combat. Sure the game has some ping/player issues but what game doesn't. The fact is tho that this game has the best system in place for cqc and stunning level design. Samller issues will always exist but its the attention to detail in this game that will keep me coming back.
,Recommended,219640,22905293,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,chicken ^-^,10/10 would scream without arms again
,Recommended,219640,28231315,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hekw0n,This is game is fun .. chopping peoples body parts ... heads ...arms ...torsos ... good times ... i would recommend this game if you like violence in a game ...
,Recommended,219640,12785654,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,V i P,a relly funny game. some time u need to lie down your GUNS and play MELEE :D
,Recommended,219640,22475062,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Lovely Jubbly,Highly accurate representation of Medieval combat.Only problem is when you play enough you can no longer play with el plebos.
,Recommended,219640,23206718,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Awd,Awesome Game!
,Recommended,219640,22004763,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Non-Photo,"Where do I begin!?-Great gameplay-Decent graphics-best team play I've experienced.-Awesome customization-Bad♥♥♥♥♥open-source map editor-Clans-Come HitherIt really has it all, but there are some connectivity problems, and the community is very toxic, this is a game that prides itself on the fact the strong survive and thrive, and the weak have to try to get by.I think it's really great, inspired games to come, like upcoming Mordhau, which looks suspiciously similar, but better.There is actually a surprisingly well written back story that puts this hack'n'slash into context.All in all,[{9.8/10}]WELL WORTH THE PRICE!"
,Recommended,219640,1225517,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,Genn',Très bon jeu à tester !
,Not Recommended,219640,31464134,Posted: 30 April,all,Sedo™,It's sucks
76561198075533351,Recommended,219640,23503288,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Tommo,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a game which, in spite of its flaws, is very enjoyable to play, especially with friends, and to improve at if you give yourself some time to get used to the game. Some people will say and have said that the community in this game is very poor, but honestly its like many gaming communities: there is a mixture of people of different inclinations, and if you look for good people to have a great time with, you will find them. The game in its current state is slowly dying, with it coming up to 4 years since release, however there is still more than enough of a playerbase and no other game currently does multiplayer first person slasher gameplay as well as this game does. I would definitely recommend trying this game out for you may find, like me, that first person slasher is a genre you happen to really enjoy, and this game is also a great way to get a sense of the huge potential there is for multiplayer first person slasher games. Whilst this potential is not fully fulfilled with this game, it is to a good degree and it remains a game which can be a great experience for anyone who takes an interest in it."
76561198071517679,Recommended,219640,9751767,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,TeddyRuxpin,"Great Medieval Game makes you want to go back to the Medieval years, alot of brutal gamingalot of blood and body parts that comes off"
,Recommended,219640,10774790,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Elmo,"great ♥♥♥♥ing game, suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥Bill Nye, the captain♥♥♥♥♥cheeks guy."
,Not Recommended,219640,16037588,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Katyusha,"Let me get this straight, I know that this game only costs for about 20 bucks or so but I think I wasted my money. This game looked really cool and fun because of the idea ""Medieval Warfare"", but after 30 minutes of playing, it felt total different. If you are looking for a stupid dying-resurrection game, there you go, here it is."
,Not Recommended,219640,18495645,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,abominablequief,This game is for you the following applies to you:-If you're okay with learning your mom's sexual history from the chat-If you're okay with dying constantly from every kind of weapon as well as your own teammates-If you're okay with having a huge gap in levels on every server that results in your K/D going down the drain-If you're okay with having to play with incredibly stupid bots in order to get a decent amount of kills-If you don't mind having people with racist names join every game specifically so they can kill their own team
,Recommended,219640,14696057,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,t850terminator,Best First Person Swordfighter I've seen in years.
,Recommended,219640,31337905,Posted: 24 April,all,501st_Ryan,"In the world of Chivalry, it is spin or be spinned..."
,Recommended,219640,31338156,Posted: 24 April,all,GentlemanKIWI,some may say this is a older version of for honorbut this game is way better than for honor
76561198141828941,Recommended,219640,16041643,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,n00bplau,you only need to spin to win
76561198017840012,Recommended,219640,16109780,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Meat Man,"Bing bong, much very bing bong. EXCELLENT Bing, lacking ding bang, but still very nice ting bow."
,Not Recommended,219640,28107889,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,I can't think of a good name,"It's fun first, until you get a couple hours in and you really realise the♥♥♥♥♥♥it is.Huge skill gap and it comes from being willing to master unintuitive and stupid maneuvers.Weapon dragging, backhand swinging, mouse twirling.There is a reason people call this a ballerina simulator. Throw in weird hit boxes and some mediocre to bad hit detection and you have a full-on rage simulator.Every time I play this game I feel genuinely angry by the time I am done with a few matches."
,Recommended,219640,4659258,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,ibayibay1,RAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!- thats how I feel playing Chivalry. I roar at the monitor. In a good way.
,Recommended,219640,8757732,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Yiffums the Glomptastic™,YEEEAAAAHHHHH FFOOORRRR THHHHEEE QUEEEEENNNN AAARRRGGHGHGHGHGHGHGH
,Recommended,219640,7854839,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Revenantker,You dont spend 700+ hours playing♥♥♥♥♥♥game.11/10 would ruin life again.
,Recommended,219640,30050201,Posted: 19 February,all,Stag,Ok Srsly When It Comes to Sword Fighting Who Doesnt Like The Game?!Chivalry Medival Warfare Is A Very Good Game For People Who Like Those Slashing Body's And A Lot Of Bloodshed (In A War).If U Are The One Who Likes These Types Of Game Which Has Multiplayer U Should Try This!!I Loved It !!!
,Recommended,219640,4440188,"Posted: 22 October, 2012",all,ket,this game is ♥♥♥♥ign atrocious
,Recommended,219640,15976337,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Advisor,"Was in the blue teamGot covered in bloodTeam mates start to charge at me and teamkilled meUpdate 27-05-15S.E.A player here, went into U.S serversGets vote kicked after 1 minute of playingReason - ""ping.""10/10 would get vote kicked again"
76561198074625094,Recommended,219640,15972734,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,A Stoned Peasant,"This is by far the best purchase i've ever made on Steam. I NEVER get bored of this game, and i got it ever since its release. I recommend this game for anyone, literally anyone because even if you're not into the medieval genre, the complex skill based combat will make you beg for more even years after owning it. Community is perfect, learning curve is decent and price is very low for what it has to offer. One of the best, if not the best medieval game out on steam!"
,Not Recommended,219640,19824848,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,F L A T E A R T H,"Get past level 15,well you might as well just uninstall.People swing there characters in ♥♥♥♥ing circles and kill you.Playing on the 'newb' servers is where I found people not being animation obusers,killing you in two hits while facing in the other direction.So no dont get this game if and don't even play the free weekends because you will just get annoyed and end up quiting.Aswell if you do get this glitchy aids filled community of a game don't buy any cosmetics,they look♥♥♥♥♥♥and are over priced.Some costing anything from £1or$1 to £5or$5 discusting"
,Recommended,219640,8105647,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Najo,GG
,Not Recommended,219640,34037585,Posted: 5 August,all,♕ εѵเℓ ♕,its kinda dead now and a bit boring
,Not Recommended,219640,28395451,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Wyattcon11,"Once upon a time this was an excellent game.  Combat would be tested by your mettle and reactions.  However, now there is a new villiany and almost all have succumbed to its allure.  The Draggers and Strikers.  What are these you ask?  These are people who manipulate their character to have an unrealistic swing pattern that either strikes instantly or delays the hit until the end of the motion.   I though to myself ""Surely this would be fixed."" only to find that the devs have endoursed it as a legitimate strategy.As an extra bit of salt, I'd go out of my way to fight such tyranny.  Targeting these draggers and showing them that skill can always beat them and their (sometimes scripted) ways.  Notice that these people who I've deemed draggers also get angry when you feint, even though it is a legit method that was INTENDED and looks natural.Would I recomend this game now? Not currently, if the dragger scum were removed yes.  Without the draggers this would be my absolute favorite game."
76561198029745696,Recommended,219640,26173938,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,bloodhound,"The most fun you can have losing a limb, you can't help  but laugh your head off.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,219640,10156457,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Frost The BellWolf,"You can cut off someones had, leg, arm ! ANYTHING! it makes it bloody fun!..bloody= blood10/10 really fun to play..and kill...Heads...Might make you a physcopat"
,Not Recommended,219640,28877337,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Truculent,The whole combat system can be abused by doing 360 and looking up and down. Completely bs and ruins the game.
76561198195189102,Not Recommended,219640,28157183,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,♫Uncle Ben♪,only people near the US get to have fun since is the only server online all the time. Dont bother buying if ur from asia or anywhere far from US. 180 ping above and boom u get vote kicked.
76561198140142956,Not Recommended,219640,30828262,Posted: 30 March,all,Sweggbertz,"Got this game on sale, It still was not worth the 2 dollars I spent. It's literally a fight of who can exploit the broken combat better. Don't bother."
,Recommended,219640,13758649,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Boss Flannel,Overall this is a fun hack and slash.  Filled with epic battles and faced paced gory action.  I do and would recommend this games to friends.
76561198257528891,Recommended,219640,24300217,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,🐰 POZITIV ✔,"A fun game to play with friends 1 vs 1 but for not too long,its so boring to play with random people on servers becouse noone even speaks. But its just my oppinion and you can choose what ever you want.My personal game rating - 7/10Hope you liked my rewiew and please dont forget to like it becouse its free god damn it ! ;3"
,Recommended,219640,13541542,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Doop Snogg,Press F10 for a review
,Recommended,219640,22990064,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,MrJoshua,love the game!!!!! its fun to play :) its challenging and i can play for hours
,Recommended,219640,26139575,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,ShinkuMoon,"I just want to clarify several points regarding ""exploit-glitch-problem"" in some negative reviews.Firstly, I am pretty sure that the devs do expect those ""exploiting"" as there are quite a few information in trainnings and loading hints noting that ""this kind of unrealistic movement can be expected"". In which case, they are not exploting or abusing. In fact dragging is considered to be a basic combat skill to trick your enemies. As for ballerina, just do feint.Then it comes to the accuse of unrealistic movement. Well not a single melee combat game so far I know has absolutely correct and practical combat movement. Some of them failed in swinging weapons some failed in wrong bow-draw stance, and none has the correct onehand-shield combat movement.Oh and please save your trouble talking people into mount&blade, I have been playing it since 0.808, and everyone knows its a joke talking about realistic in MB. Actually the dual in native is much more ridiulous than chivalry. For example? Well imaging someone waving SOW like a willow... sometimes even faster.Overall both two games I mentioned are absolutely good games. They have their broken aspects but those are either techincal limitation for all alike games or simply excuses from losers."
76561197964079777,Recommended,219640,15230683,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[FOR] Nightwing,"Ooooh, he's smart like my shoe."
76561198355129907,Recommended,219640,29106156,Posted: 7 January,all,fogs,If you have no skill entering the battlefield... then you'll have no head leaving it.8/10
,Recommended,219640,27074003,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[Indieg] Harsgald,First Person SwordStroke
,Recommended,219640,8825793,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Angel,"Lots of fun especially with some buddies, laughs for dayzzz!"
,Recommended,219640,10282561,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Nothox,"Don't expect to be even decent at this game before having played for 400 hours or so. It really is an amazing experience after that, though."
,Recommended,219640,7869076,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,DrSatan,9/10
76561198064915223,Recommended,219640,8480844,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Father of the Year,Pretty damn good game. Worth the money
,Recommended,219640,8550309,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Hyun,"PROS:- Great  combat system- Good graphics  ( even better with a few .ini tweaks + sweetfx)- Large & Nice maps- Lots of weapons- Many modes- Immersive- Awesome voice-commandsCONS :  Really not much, just bonuses:- More / better customization pls +++- More maps & modes would be nice ++- Not as large population as other games=============Oh I love this game .I enjoy the combat a lot. It's challenging and engating ; requires good skills.If you suck, just keep training and you'll get better.Game is  imemrsive and very realistic.Also love the medieval setting, it reminds me a lot of Skyrim for some reason.Graphics  are great ; nice maps :DYoure provided with four classes and many weapons to choose from ."
76561198073684488,Recommended,219640,8389351,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Aidmyster22,Fun game :)
76561197990209463,Not Recommended,219640,16135599,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,kappanata,As RNG heavy as Hearthstone.
76561198073275672,Recommended,219640,7956924,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Irony Man,"Amazing combat, mediocre graphics, nice feel, love the customisation, sometimes a tiny bit glitchy, but overal a good game"
76561198073337573,Recommended,219640,13674279,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ImOverHere,I don't own this game but I can write a review for it.10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,22287565,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bartok,Awful gameplay. They are not consistent with the way the swings work or how anything works really
76561198080386889,Recommended,219640,8988865,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,[8CLN] Oscar,"If you like rolling heads and limbs, this is the game for you! Chivalry takes an different turn from the averege shooter games and goes with swords instead! Also... Filthy archers will be your worst nightmare."
,Not Recommended,219640,14605857,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Mogandir,"In videos, this game seemed really cool to me. Well, it actually is fun when you play it among your friends. Everything is really cool, except the combat system. When you hold a shield to block your opponents attacks, they can just kill you with a counter-side nonsense which people does it by just simply hitting the CTRL button.In Warband, there are so many negative things about graphic. Some YOLO peeps just joins into a DM server on Warband and kills people by just simply clicking etc., they do some combat mechanic things by an accident and kill people and they be like, ""THIS GAME IS SO EASY HELL YEH."" but it actually ain't. After I've joined a Warband Clan which have so many people who plays the game as 'experts'  I found out this game ain't that easy.Like there are so many things that you can do to be one step ahead of your opponnent, towards the victory. After you play both games for a while(as a person who wants to taste some hard MP game thing.) you may see that Warband is much better than Chivalry Medieval Warfare for people who tries hard. This game is all about simply left clicking to kill people and simply right clicking to avoid someone's attack. If you just want to play a game to cheer yourself up when you're upset, you can try this one.I hope you guys can understand what I meant.Videolarda başta oyun bana gayet güzel gözüktü. Arkadaşlarınızın arasında oynadığınız da gerçekten eğlenceli olduğu doğrudur. Dövüş sistemi dışındaki her şey güzel. Size saldıran birisini bloklamak için kalkan tuttuğunuzda rakibiniz sizi sadece bir 'farklı yön' saçmalığı ile öldürebiliyor. Ki bu saçmalığı yapmak sadece CTRL butonuna ba♥♥♥♥tan ibaret.Warband'da grafikler olmak üzere bir çok negatif özellik var. Bazı YOLO'cu arkadaşlar bir DM serverına giriyor, insanları sadece mouse'a basarak öldürüyor. Bu elemanlar ayrıca yanlışıkla birkaç dövüş mekaniğini yanlışıkla kullanarak adam felan öldürüyorlar. Daha sonra çıkıp söyledikleri şey genelde ""BU OYUN ÇOK KOLAY, AHKAJDKFJASD."" tarzı oluyor. Aslında oyunun cidden kolaylıkla bir alakası yok, en azından MP tarafı. Şöyle güzel oyuncuları olan ve oyunu try hard şeklinde oynayan bir klana katıldıktan sonra anladım ki, oyun cidden o kadar kolay değil.Mesela, zafere doğru rakibinizin bir adım önünde olmak için yapabileceğiniz bir çok şey var. En azından iki oyunuda biraz try hard deneyen birisi olarak oynarsanız büyük ihtimalle göreceksiniz ki Warband bu oyundan kat kat daha güzel. Oyunun tüm olayı sadece saldırıp adamı öldürmek için sol klik yapıp, bloklamak içinde sağ klik yaparak beklemekten ibaret. Moraliniz bozukken biraz şöyle neşelenmek için oynayabileceğiniz güzel bir oyun. Eğer öyle bir oyun arıyorsanız deniyebilirsiniz."
76561197967773040,Not Recommended,219640,26078001,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Captain Kacke,"Could be a good game BUTCheater infested trash game full of braindead Aimbotter - mowing down groups of 10 people at a row - blocking all attacks - instaflipping 180° to decapitate you in the air and non stop, which is only possible with an aimbot.Toxic community which ask you to pyss off the server when you don´t like the fact that there are cheaters in almost every multiplayer game. As cheating was already the norm and acceptible.Just another broken multiplayer which is destroyed by braindead skillfree real life loosers, which polish their ego with cheat aimbotting software - just to insult you on top when you point it out.Save your money - this game has Zero Anticheat and you will not find a single server without at least 1 or 2 cheater destroying the game experience for up to 50 players."
76561198036079660,Not Recommended,219640,30646601,Posted: 20 March,all,Lord Bob,"This game used to be fun, now with the twirling swing sword crap not so much."
76561198335397213,Not Recommended,219640,31447115,Posted: 29 April,all,EPalmighty,"I it really fun, but after level 15 it becomes a really, really dumb game. The realisticity aspect goes out the window and you have people spinning around exploiting the game mechanics. I wish I could go and play where it was simple and fun. Now it makes me not want to play anymore. The 1v1s were really fun and always different, but with all the dumb mechanics the game sucks."
,Not Recommended,219640,26061826,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Mister E,♥♥♥♥ helicopters
76561198054904426,Not Recommended,219640,26095143,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Pick,Not worth playing after level 15
76561198282329609,Not Recommended,219640,27771891,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sullivan,Idk Why I Bought This Horrible Game
,Recommended,219640,28368765,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Yodzilla,It's been a long time since I've played Chivalry but back when it was new it was some of the most fun I've ever had with a multiplayer game. Grab your sword and lean heavily on the scream button for a good time. FOR AGATHA!!
,Recommended,219640,17874931,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Helman Ghorst,"i charged to cut an enemy's head, decapitated my ally and got killed by the enemy that should have been killed by us10/10 would decapitate my team again"
,Recommended,219640,2080689,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,MattWolf,Très bon jeu. Very good game. Will be the next Call of Duty in a medieval way. Worth way over it's 25$. Contains alot of minor bug but the gameplay remains super cool and new like you've never experience before.
,Recommended,219640,9508227,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,7headed,Excellet game. If you're up for a wickedly bloody and brutal simulation of medieval warfare- look no further.
,Recommended,219640,10459983,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,BunnyKill,Very unpolished but still fun. I can recommend it to people who like those kind of combat slashing games.
,Recommended,219640,30673331,Posted: 22 March,all,✪TBG | YouTube✪,Very good game
,Recommended,219640,16372566,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,JDohg | CSGOSpeed.com,"A somewhat hard game to master of the combat. It does deliver a lot of action, and crazyniess going on all the time.But there are good people and bad people.""Goods"" will wreck you at all times.""Bads"" will not be that good.Very gorey but is more realistic than most sword games.Overall good game with bad community.I would give it a: 7.5/10"
76561198108528783,Not Recommended,219640,16559453,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Zwick,"Endlessly buggy, the gameplay is nothing but hop around and swing your weapon madly and hope it hits. The game just doesn't feel very good to play it almost feels like you're on a rail when you move. The voice acting is TERRIBLE. Its like they based their english accents off of Monty Python. If their going to do that they should at least make the game funny.  I really like the premise of it and am very dissapointed the game didn't have the quality it could have had, hopefully the ubisoft game like this fixes the mistakes this one made."
76561198070622153,Recommended,219640,18313508,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Take The Shot,"I think that the amount of negative reviews give this game a bad rap.  Allow me to sum them up for you quickly.  People are annoyed because the developers havent released any real new content in forever and all they do is work on graphical micro transactions.  While this is true, it is no reason to give this game a negative review.  So many people have 1000s of hours into this game which they probably paid 5 bucks for on sale.  I can say that I have already gotten my money's worth out of this game 10 times over.  Although it would be nice to see some new content, that is no reason to knock the game.This game is very very difficult.  It has a pretty steep learning curve and once you are past lvl 15 and can no longer play in the noob servers prepare to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you.  But eventually, you will get better.  The best thing that this game could do is to create servers for say lvls 15-30 and so on because you litterally have people that have played the game for 5 hrs getting destroyed by people that play this game 24/7.  My advice to you is instead of just getting upset when you die just realise what you did wrong and try to correct it.  I would love to see the community of experienced players actually helping the new players rather than beating them into the dust and bming them so that they quit.  It  can be very confusing to just see a guy spinning around in circles when he kills you every time but just try to pick up tips from wherever you can to get better at the game.  The game isnt really realistic but there is definitely a lot of skill involved and I think that is the appeal for most of the players.  A lot of people mess around in this game and troll or team up against you but ultimately just realise that they have put 1000s of hours into the game and they need to keep it interesting.  The less serious you take this game, the more fun you will have."
76561198139737174,Recommended,219640,13406989,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Meat.Sandwich,You can bludgeon a fully armored knight to death with rocks. 10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,17961522,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,KICKBACK.COM eriik17,"forte fain , refunded"
,Recommended,219640,8906835,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,FatherMiso,Speed hackers everywhere.Love the game. But wish they could do something about how many people cheat on this game. Watch in frustration as players rack up kills with impossible speeds.
,Not Recommended,219640,11509439,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Edy Nelson,No
76561198064094675,Recommended,219640,10137956,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Lintrex,I saw my head flying.100/100
,Recommended,219640,7748724,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Learthion,"This is what a ton of gamers were waiting for : a medieval-styled FPS. The game offers a variety of different classes and weapons, each with an unique feel, and every single one of them balanced. This is really one of my favorite games ever and I would definetly recommend it to anybody."
,Recommended,219640,22907479,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Krazbuto,10/10 would Agatha again
,Recommended,219640,22964270,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Knark Moffler,Changed my name to Ser Arthur Dayne.met Robert Baratheon.Spent almost 2 hours just roleplaying as an Arthur Dayne who was on the same side as Robert Baratheon.10/10
76561198060985021,Recommended,219640,6194978,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Tony Hanz,Хороший экшн в средневековом времени с комфортной атмосферой и системой сражений которые прекрасно передают бои тех времён. Советую поиграть в кампании друзей
76561198081612174,Recommended,219640,18408363,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,J  O  Y,"You will probably get this game on a sale and rage because you get killed all the time by people that have played the game for far longer than you have.Then you want a refund, because you think to yourself wow why would anyone spend 5.99 (a very good price) on this garbage......If you think like that i can say 2 things to you1. You should not be playing this game if you have no patience, or you rage easily.2. Respect the game even if you are awfully crap at it. nobody likes a spoilt brat.If you have spent more 30 hrs on the game.. thank you because you have actually felt the joy of slicing some scumbags head off who thinks this game is crap and you actually enjoy the feeling so much you wish to continue.This game is practice and id just like to say the more of it you get. The less times you will dieI spent more than 35USD on this game and havn't regreted anything.( Exept Draggers of course) they can alll go to hell c: Thank you for reading 8/10"
76561197985279974,Recommended,219640,9365984,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Tufor,"Just the best medieval fighting game, with indepth controls!If you are a bit patient, you will see, that the battle system is great and fun, almost everyone has a different fighting style!Slaughtering, laughing, chopping, smashing limbs and heads while you are kindly disrespecting the enemy fighting style with awesome emotes.If you are in for Knights 'n stuff, play this.Not just play, INHALE DIS!"
76561198032532474,Recommended,219640,4129051,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Robot Panda,"Has a very strong community with few trolls. The combat is also extremely satisfying; when you swing your giant 2 handed sword and your enemy's head explodes upon impact it feels great!Also, spam ""C"" for a good time."
,Not Recommended,219640,30395759,Posted: 8 March,all,Trash Goblin,"The ♥♥♥♥♥est fighting game I've ever played. There's no balance to it at all. Tracers are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the ""pro"" play consists of you making your FOV 2000, and going 3rd person to be able to make the skeleton twitch out so the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sword hitbox can hit. Why did this game get so much attention and show? It's terrible."
,Recommended,219640,13142543,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,tang,my moods live on that swing samepush me harder push me push me swang into tomorrowgawk as I thread this loch ness slipstream sepsissubconscious up f twitch asterisk see off my meds glitchthoughts squealin through my mildew watch my back or I'll kill youschizo superscript scan the voice imprint only I can hear youdeserted mansion in my head half-lidded lanterns returninsclera scarlet as wall of virgin bombed by flask of bourboncan't be certainyour intercom I'm fingering you don't wanna but you buzz me inmy moods live on that swing samepush me harder push me push me swang into tomorrownathan perculatin propercaiman propellers comin off she's hella coptermy neck bone sprayin guavashimmy snakin status caved in mental state been shanked and solderedI got the nasty in my taxi you need a liftyou can sit between the backseat and my♥♥♥♥♥♥if the law catch me in the act and I happen ta die todaypush one my swing out in a glass of purple raincandy painted by the lord of stainless steel liquid your ashy brainmy moods live on that swing samepush me harder push push me swang into tomorrowI got that feeling somebody killed meI got that feeling zero feelingcan't stop stealing zeros killing all your millionssomebody kill me somebody killed meI got that feeling zero feelingcan't stop stealing zeros killing all your millions
,Recommended,219640,18730354,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,PJ,This game overall gets five stars I've put so many hours into this game and met tons of new friends to play this with but theonly thing I don't like now is that the devs are trying to build a stronger community even though the best part about this game is that it is not a big community the bigger the community the bigger the♥♥♥♥♥holes are and more people that u just hate
76561198006204896,Recommended,219640,14610814,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Faith,"I've never been so mad at a game before. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I actually don't know why I play this game so much.The game has many server issues and if you plan on doing well you NEED a good internet connection.Other than that the game is really good when it comes to online melee games. Mainly because there are not that many out there anyway.7/10 - Don't buy this game if you're a hothead or if you fancy realism, this game is as unrealistic as Shakespeare.I hate people who are actually ""good"" at this game."
76561198015497087,Not Recommended,219640,10373195,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,darkcloud878,bought game recently only to have the launcher crash at EVERY turn uninstalled and installed. still nothing! waste of money no support or hints on forums only a bunch of more issues and again no ways to solve it.
76561198080768875,Not Recommended,219640,14004838,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Master Rezz,"Okay i have had this game for a long time since about Jan 5 2013, and i can honestly say its a good game but Torn Banner Fu@@@@ it up and now after 470 hours i have offically stopped playing this game. I am a HUGE medievel era fan and there are not that many games that explore that era. So when i saw this game i bought it right away. I enjoyed this game so much but after each update it got more choppy and more broken. On top of that the Comp community has really ruined this game.I was having so much fun during the first 6 months or so( level 1- 30) but i stopped playing for about 4 months and when i came back everyone was doing these crazy exploits and spinning moves. This game is fun at its core but the higher level players ruined this game by using broken animations that go through parrys. And now it requires playing 8 hours a day just to get better at learning the exploits.If you asked me a year and a half ago i would say this game was sent by god but now i cant reccommend it ( and no way for 25$) and yesterday i uninstalled because im just sick of looking at the wasted potential. Torn banner barely fixes their bugs and 90% of this games problems can simply be fixed by better optimization and working on latency issues but instead TB is busy creating mac and linux versions after just finishing the 360 version. And they will happily give use more skins to buy but they wont work on better weapon balance or actualy creating a legit Comp that is based on skill and not on exploits. Point being: this game has climaxed and anything you play now is sub par. And in the end what i really am saying is the end game is♥♥♥♥♥♥you wither have to keep playing casual or you gotta learn the exploits which ruin the game IMO. Buy this game on sale and dont play past level 15 or otherwise just wait until the actual sequel to this game comes out and im not talking about the crappy Dark world game but an actual sequel. Whenever that is."
76561197971722446,Recommended,219640,18111464,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,MouthyMan,"When this is on sale it's most definitely worth just about anyone's time. Combat is quite realistic and swinging big heavy weapons  has never looked so exhausting.. but that connection when it happens.. glorious. I'm gonna have to put in a few more hours still before I decide whether it's worth full price to me, but as for the sale price, I've already got my money's worth at 2.8hrs in.10/10 for truly brutal warfare"
76561198104202183,Recommended,219640,8607979,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,BamBam41700,A very fun slasher with wepons up the wazoo i have never found it so fun charging onto battle with a sword!!!
76561197987497191,Recommended,219640,8532415,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Riksa,"Grade 8/10Short review:Fast paced and fun medieval combat game. This game good and enjoyable but not as good as Mount & Blade: Warband.Full review:Chivalry: Medieval Warfare should be considered as Call of Duty of Medieval combat games. This is both good and bad thing. The game is fast paced, fun and very casual (which can be considered both good and bad thing). It also has nice visuals compared to Mount & blade Warband.Now to the bad things that being Cod like causes. Like CoD the game focuses on infantry and does not have drivable vehicles (in this case horses). The lack of horses backfires as a lack of variety and even though the horses aren’t that realistic in Mount & Blade: Warband, riding the horses is one of the most enjoyable things in that game. Small maps and focusing on infantry combat is also seen in the fact that ranged weapons are very unrealistic and bland to use in Chivalry. Infantry combat on the other hand is fun, but not as fun as in Mount & Blade: Warband, because the directional attack of mount & Blade Warband is more immersive once the player learns to use it compared to Chivalry’s choice of attack methods.Despite these weaknesses the game is fun nevertheless. The only real problem of this game is that Mount & Blade: Warband beats Chivalry in everything else but graphics and being more fast paced. The latter of these is also an opinion not a thing that is objectively good or bad.My recommendation for customers is to buy Mount & Blade: Warband, because it is far superior to Chivalry: Medieval Warfare and it has both Single and Multiplayer. Buy Chivalry Medieval warfare only if you consider yourself extremely casual player or if you already own Mount & Blade Warband and would like to try something a bit different.  I have no experience on War of Roses but from what I have heard, it sucks so Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is your best alternative in the rare case that you would not like Mount & Blade: Warband."
,Not Recommended,219640,14294085,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Astral Panda,"Okay yes i dont like this game but Its not the reason i wrote this.Where to start.first of all the hit detection is terrible. People getting hit toi death from 5m away even if the weapon it selft is 2m long, Tops. You can die from the whole sword swing animation (yeah.) No matter if he is lookign at you or not. If the swords swing animation ends to guy pointing the sword bacwards and killing (even if he has no power in to it. jsut holding the swoerd still you can still die to it).Shield dont Block.I recorded a clip of my friends hitting me with a sword as i ""block"" the swords goes trought and kills me. REALISM!Garvity is weird.. cant put my finger on it but its just odd.and also you can block a great swoerd with a little dagger. ""I'll just block a swing thath would cut my head of with a little knife""..... Nope.Its a funn game if you like getting mad. alot.Also devs cant figure out how to make all the resolution settings and key bindings to stay the same after every Patch...Its not that hard.."
76561198046965649,Not Recommended,219640,14677997,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,U WOT M8,"Worst game ever, community is full of bigheaded♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hostile towards any new players....Devs are lazy, never release any updates to fix this buggy mess, hence why every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ abuses the crappy hit box and spins like a helicopter insta killing you. As soon as you go past level 16, just stop. Not worth anymore time.Don't buy it unless you prepared for some amusing encounters with 40 year old virgins (pros) with almost 500h (500h? lol more like 1500h) play time."
,Recommended,219640,12706796,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,✪ Dimitri,AMAZING 1000000000/10 cuz u can decapitate limbs
,Recommended,219640,8178170,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,the judge,COD with swords
,Not Recommended,219640,34052258,Posted: 5 August,all,Strange| CS.MONEY,The game is kind a boaring after some time and it is poorly optimised
,Recommended,219640,33568054,Posted: 15 July,all,Microsoft ©,This game is really gay!
,Recommended,219640,33586744,Posted: 16 July,all,ツ~tyegra~ツ,"despite the fact that the players are salty butthurted kids, the game is good"
76561198101635356,Recommended,219640,33596542,Posted: 16 July,all,JCMaze,Great alternative to CS:GO and the sort with that medieval setting which I really appreciate. 10/10I would def wait for a sale though. Little pricey at twenty-five bucks.
,Recommended,219640,33778234,Posted: 24 July,all,METH_LEOPARD,mount and blade is better
76561198129265482,Not Recommended,219640,13748734,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,boi,What? no magic? no elves? no dragons? less superior and not on Skyrim's level?In the bin where it belongs
,Recommended,219640,20362462,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Mr Feudal,I really hate this game but its fun.PariasDuc TetraAssassinPezI really ♥♥♥♥ing hate you guys.
,Recommended,219640,12249265,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Blue Eyes White Privilege,You will metaphorically and literally lose your head in this game.
,Recommended,219640,8778764,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Piccolo's Driving School,♥♥♥♥ing scream and kill people with bows and arrows. Imagine Pirates Vikings Knights but actually good.
,Recommended,219640,9083444,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,itsjaxonO,"Welcome to Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, evidently you're looking for a review that's explains to you whether you should or shouldn't buy this game. Well look no further, I have taken some time and wrote a decent review on the game which you can find down below, enjoy!Chivalry is a game that truly lives up to it's ESRB rating, if you are not prepared to see body parts being hacked off and heads being decapitated then I don't recommend playing this. With a cutting edge gore system, Chivalry delivers a realistic experience that feels genuine and you actually feel a form of accomplishment when you run up on an enemy player and successfully cut off his head, legs, arms etc.Chivalry can be played in either third-person or first-person, it delivers realistic weapons to the point where you actually need to consider which one you want to use instead of the typical FPS route where it generally doesn't matter what weapon you use.Stunning visuals, rich in-depth detailing and textures are just some of the graphical enhancement's this game has compared to most of it's genre. Now speaking of the medieval first-person genre, there is really only a few and they would have to be Chivalry: Medieval Warfare and War of the Roses, if you like Vikings then there is another title called War of the Vikings which is very good as well.With the addition of the Deadliest Warrior DLC, it's a match made in heaven. No longer are you restricted to Medieval Knights and Templars, you may now play as a Gladiator, Viking, Ninja, Samurai and so much more. Compared to the usual $60 price tag on an FPS, this game is well worth the purchase and I highly recommend buying the DLC."
76561198081251510,Recommended,219640,18722011,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Jepicosity,"A rare combination of competitive multiplayer and free-form medieval warfare. If that's your thing, you're guaranteed to log many hours into this game."
76561198117388948,Recommended,219640,20586348,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tullet,Gangrape Simulator 10/10
,Recommended,219640,8464940,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,The_MadGeniuz,"So I will start by saying I was hesitant to buy this game. I looked at it and thought it looked cool but just would not interest me. I was wrong. It's a very simple concept hack and slash or shoot arrows through your enemies. There are different game modes but I am fond of Team Deathmatch. While I'm not very good at the game there is something very satisfying about chopping heads and limbs off.The graphics will not stun you, the gameplay is not over the top but I paid $8.50 USD for it and honestly it was worth it. Jump online pick a team and go at your enemies screaming (in game character) your head off running into battle and probably you or your opponent will hack a head off haha. It's very basic and isn't stunning but it's a solid online game to play.6.5/10 which is low only because there are still some bugs, the graphics and gameplay is very basic but fun and $25 regular for the game is a bit steep. $8.50 was more reasonable, I would never pay full price for this even though I do like the game."
,Not Recommended,219640,30956798,Posted: 5 April,all,Phentius Khan,Pretty disapointed. Go buy Mount&Blade it is far superior.
,Not Recommended,219640,30968899,Posted: 5 April,all,Shergorath,"yes, i know, it's a late rewiew but i only restarted playing chivarly recently.tl;dr : Never controlled gameplay mechanics, the missing of a level/skill based matchmaking system, the abuse of dragging and moduling attacks by experienced players and the presence of the latter, made this game nearly unplayable or unenjoyable.Gameplay: 4/10i played this game from the BETA i think, and i enjoyed it very much, but the developers tried to create a realistic simulation in first person of a medieval fight, unfortunately it ended up not being so much realistic, but even considering this, i will give credit to the combat mechanics, they are good for a mass multiplayer like this but they got abused and the developers never tried to stop this... but i will talk later of this matter.Good the idea of 4 universal classes.No level/skill based matchmaking system, and don't start with the ""low level"" servers pls... they do not help, at all, this game needed a level/skill based matchmaking system instead OR in addition to the server list.Graphics: 8/10for the time that this game was realised the graphics were excelent, with the time passing they got a little ""old"" but the customize options for the different characters made up for it... shame for having to pay them.Community: 2/10This is why i do not advise buying/playing this game:the community... where to start....1) Abusing mechanics: Dragging and moduling attacks are the WORST abuse in this game, people turning around in an instant, confusing the opponents, people using uplifting drag, slow and high drag to overwelm the hitboxes of shields and parries... leaving aside the good folks that turn around in a second with a shield on their back blocking incoming arrows.DEVELOPERS!!! THE MOVEMENT OF A MAXED MOUSE SENSITIVITY ARE NOT POSSIBLE FOR THE HUMAN BODY!2) Changing team/leaving the match:this is pretty common, i will not deny it... i did this too... but the fact that the team is losing it's not a good motive to flee the battle... this is not call of duty goddammit.3) Voting, kicking:has this situation ever happened to you? ""I enter the match, unfortunately in a bloody brawl my first kill is my team mate, unfotunately i have 86% team damage registered, this guy start a vote to kick me... the all lobby votes yes... i'm out""... c'mon developers you could sort that out in some manner.4) Gods among men:oh a 32 player match in an official server, oh in the top of the list there is this LVL 1012 guy which is 43/3/8... HOW DID HE DO IT? Guess....Abusing Dragging and moduling attacks... cmon now... this is why this game needed so badly a level/skill based matchmaking system and a little control by the developers.Maybe i am a Bad player, or mediocre one, but i can't stand the fact that someone had sincerely trained himself to abuse the mechanics of a game only to win... the WORST part? it's like cheating, but legally.I think i'm done. Sorry for the bad english, but i think that i made my point.Do not spend money on this or the DLC (even worse) play other games more realistic than this... can't wait for two medieval games of the 2017 in particular... hoping that they do not end like this one."
,Recommended,219640,31716340,Posted: 12 May,all,slunk,Poleaxe is the best gun.
,Not Recommended,219640,31747563,Posted: 14 May,all,Warrior of the Light,I fucPOLITELYing hate this game.
76561198040449504,Not Recommended,219640,17685221,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Banditologic,"If you really want to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by stupid kids doing nothing but running around and attacking in circles pretending they're good at the game, then this one's for you!edit: still don't recommend this game. Do you like FFA?! GOOD BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT YOULL BE PLAYING 90% OF THE TIME. AND IT WILL ALWAYS BE A 5v1 SITUATION! Have fun playing one of the most unbalanced games ever created."
76561198147489181,Recommended,219640,17433075,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Kerrigan Hellcase.com,"Very good, very handsome... I like it"
,Not Recommended,219640,30949676,Posted: 4 April,all,Angry Masher Triple Hit Anus,"Not recommended, as soon as you hit level 16, you are forced to play with the most elitist, sweaty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a playerbase that I have ever witnessed in my life and this is coming from someone with 700+ hours in DS2. You are forced to play with people with overly sad amounts of playtime (1k plus). Literally all they do is set their mouse sensitivity to 1000+ (coincidentally in the same number bracket as their hours) and spin and swipe all the different attacks in an order so fast you can hardly react before you're dead, I have tried countless times to try this and spent 30 hours practicing this tactic and evern though I got quite good at it I was no match for ""CMW | pr0\/gam3r"" who was swinging his sword so fast and jumping so many times you'd quite easily mistake him for Usain bolt's pogo sticking steriod lord of a half brother. There is literally no way to beat these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and thanks to these sweaty, acne riddled medieval neckbeards the whole dynamic of the game is ruined, that being: slash, block, feint and all other manner of attacks used in a skilled precise order. Your first 15 levels in Chivalry will be your last good ones unless you want to devolve into a sad neckbeard hermit that doesn't talk to anyone and plays Chivalry 24/7 in his grandmother's basement.~DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, FOR THE SAKE OF RETAINING YOUR SANITY~"
76561198054614014,Not Recommended,219640,31794644,Posted: 16 May,all,Neofenris,"Toxic community, play archer get kicked"
76561198026945019,Recommended,219640,18755076,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Cirddan,Off with his Head!
76561198167806844,Not Recommended,219640,26365535,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,walrusgames2000,"The mechanics of the game are very fun. Every hit is satisfying, there is an intense thrill as you duel someone with only a sliver of health left, completing a seige feels like a monumental achievement, this game was clearly built by people who knew what they wanted to make and they made it very well.Unfourtunatly, as there is no single player mode (you can play an offline match against bots but they aren't programmed well, in objectives they will completly ignore the targets) much of the fun has to come from the community. And unfortunatly this is one of the most caustic gaming communities I've encountered. Even on the low level servers expect to get screamed at if you accidentaly kill a single team member which can be easy to do when weapons can puncture through one target and into another, seige weapons have odd hit boxes, and the dropoff on ranged weapons is often more than you expect. In every game I played with only one or two exceptions (and those were on dedicated dueling servers) there was at least one (usually more) kick votes for team killing. This often wasn't even for anything intentional it just seems to be that this game attracted people with increadibly short tempers and they now have set the tone for the entire game.I tried to ignore how abnoxious everyone was for as long as I could but when half of a server started yelling at one guy for triggering an enviornmental hazzard and killing a team mate I realized that while I was playing for fun from good gameplay everyone else was out to win and viewed anyone who wasn't as just a terrible person. This event also was on a low level server and so it's entierly possible that the guy didn't even know what he had hit until it was too late but I never found out, he left before the kick vote could start. Really the only mode that I was having fun with for the last couple hours was free for all and that was becase there're no teams so the whining about team killing went away (though there were still kick votes for no apparent reason).It is very disheartening that I can't recomend this game. I love the gameplay and if there were even a token single player campaign then I would tell everyone to get it but when there isn't and the community is this bad I just simply can't."
76561198220207035,Recommended,219640,25678342,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,CPT. Rook,"THIS GAME SUCKS! I ran it on my god speed geforce 110 and could not even load menu, terrible"
76561197981359022,Not Recommended,219640,12253129,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,RoadToFistinière,"On one hand the game was very fun in the begining, not too many bugs, very interesting mechanics, and dismemberment ! ^^But on the other hand, the hit detection is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, i keep being hit by people too far away and my attacks hit only if close enough to kiss my ennemy. I get blocked by people turning their back to me and get hit through my parries once in a while. This is only the most obvious problems, and that is only with a low ping (30-50)... You don't want to know what happens when the ping goes over 70, you truly don't, trust me. If you've played Battelfield 4 and thought the netcode was terrible, wait until you play this game ...In conclusion avoid at all cost if hit detection is important to you. If not you might enjoy this piece of crap."
76561198036816155,Not Recommended,219640,20985180,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,brandoncaseymitchell,Don't waste your money or time on this one. Way too many issues and the mechanics are sub-par. It's been around for years and its not going to get better.
,Recommended,219640,11703453,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,{GßB} SirBuger,JUST CHOP OFF EVERY LIMB THEY HAVE :DVery fun game if you like that stuff
,Not Recommended,219640,18597660,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Dr. Doob,"Really bad game. Everything seems really laggy, despite me using the lowest possible graphics/internet connection. Made poorly and makes no sense. tutorial made so bad, that I litterally COULD NOT complete the first step because they was no instuctions. Dont buy this, its a waste of your money."
,Not Recommended,219640,32233150,Posted: 6 June,all,KonyHawkProSlaver,The best character class is the uninstall wizard
,Not Recommended,219640,19016657,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,shabrisuggi,run while you still can
76561198160935413,Not Recommended,219640,14686692,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Wet_Paint,"Wasted my time with this game. They banned me over a 8 second video they assumed i was ""speedhacking"". I later contacted them trying to lift the ban telling them i had no control over this bizarre event. They did not once try to help understand my situation but instead just kept stating that i broke the rules. I emailed them countless times trying to explain in every way possible my situation. Anyone reading my review : DONT WASTE YOUR BREATH!! The company that runs this game does not respect you as a customer. Along with this issue i experienced, the game lags and glitches alot. When switching character mid game it just freezes completely in which you have to shut it down and reload it. It gets really annoying. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,219640,15976991,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mediiiiii,Its cool.
,Recommended,219640,26081626,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Slajden,"Fun game.Heads up tho, you'll get slashed in the back by your teammates constantly."
,Recommended,219640,17905038,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,DaGhost,This game is amazig medieval combot note this game is R18+ this is cecause limbs can be cut off including your head.I like this game because it is a diffrent style of combat wand is really fun one thing i hate though is the one hit kills for example when your head gets cut of all in all i rate the game 4/5
76561198054377127,Not Recommended,219640,18525262,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,bzbrown1,Game is way to unbalanced!!! IF you are a NEWB you are TOAST!! To many high players just hack the newbs up and thats it!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,17219060,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,₪ | T1,Crashed over 150 times... but you can moonwalk 10/10.
,Recommended,219640,13051560,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,[♥_Shrimp Titties,"needs to get ported to mac cause all my friends cant play, but games like cod cost $15 per map, and are boring, this game lets u dominate if ur really on fire with predicting people, feint > block > attack > feint > block > attack. dodge is best, and hitting people when theyre not looking. it sucks they took out superjumping"
,Not Recommended,219640,30227511,Posted: 27 February,all,(Youtube) G TYANA,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING... Until level 16...As soon as you hit level 16 its game over, might as well uninstall. So here's the run down you'll probably have when playing this game. The low tier servers are fun, everyone sucks so you can have a blast while learning the basics it’s great and i really enjoyed it, the combat is fine if a bit buggy in some minor places but you don't care as you're blasting people away. Everything is fine all until you eventually see the terrible two numbers show upLEVEL 16this is the point where the flaws shine through and it's all to do with the combat. On low tier servers everyone attacks normally and has the best of fun but for some reason after that people start to learn a bunch of exploits to ruin the experience. There's a ton but one of the most biggest offenders which you'll most likely to see is what i like to call ""The Insta Death"" ( it's a♥♥♥♥♥♥name i know), So a rough description of this glitch is when you look up into the air and overhead attack, anyone standing behind you will instantly get attacked, yes INSTANTLY. Combine this with the maul (a very high damage output weapon but has a long swing to justify it) then you can go mad killing sprees with no chance of stopping, there is the smallest of window to block this attack but it’s very slim. The community will say ""Oh it's just the animation"" or ""that’s a game mechanic"" Well Guess what. It's not. Most likely the people saying that are the ones who are using the exploits. You can easily identify people doing this as you'll see them swing up into the air and their bodies twisting and turning in the oddest fashion. My top tip to deal with these type of players is just to walk away as you're not going to be able to hit them. The worst part of this is the developers do nothing, There not engaged enough to change stuff which can be so easy to do.But don’t worry there are positives,Map variety: I like the range of battle grounds from real life looking locations to fighting in a volcano, also all the stuff happening in the sky box and the background add to the large scale battle perfectly, But the maps play quality is an issue is i get stuck on the smallest of stuff all the time because of the bad mapping.Classes: good range of classes ranging from archer to knight, But vanguard is a little broken with the range of their swords most of the time i don’t think their sword will hit then next thing i know I’m looking at my headless body flopping around the place, so that’s something.Weapons: There's a mountain of weapons to choose from, from maces, swords, daggers, axes and others which are all fun to use and explore their attack patterns.Different game modes: There's a bunch like TDM and capture the flag but the most original one I’ve seen is team objective, It feels like I’m in an actual battle as we go from objective to objective starting from sieging the walls to eventually killing the king, It's truly amazing and i love it for that.Here's some other negatives that i have encountered,Hit boxes/server: i don't know if it's the game or server but half the time i think I’ve hit someone when the server/hitbox disagrees with me so I’m not sure but something's off about it.Combat: Like I've said beforeBallista: They're broken beyond comprehension. As, for example, one game i was in the ballista where so broken that when you went on the ballista you would look directly into the ground being unable to fire properly, now this would be fine, just dont go on the ballista but thats what i would say if the objective didn’t require the use of the said ballistas, I would say developers ""please fix"" but they do ♥♥♥♥ all.No autokick: I’m fine with team damage, it adds a layer of depth as you have to practise both attacking the enemy whilst not hurting you teammates. But there's not auto kick for players who intentionally attack teammates, it's a vote kick system which BOTH teams can vote on, so the enemy team can vote no to the kick and the team killer can just continue attacking. Why no autokick?? Developer's please fi... Oh wait, they don’t care.Community: I don’t like to bring communities into reviews, But their bad, It doesn’t change my opinion of the game but their terrible, i now have terminal 7 from them. Most of them exploit and will make it out to be a mechanic, which it isn’t and everyone with half a brain knows it.In conclusion, I would like to recommend the game for the first 15 levels but since most of the game is past that mark i simply can't, i want to enjoy this game but i just can’t with all the exploiters and glitches it's just too much to overlook. Don't buy this game save your money as it's just too bad to enjoy after level 16. R.i.p Chiv, you were just an idea blowing in the wind of success."
,Not Recommended,219640,29900541,Posted: 13 February,all,Shaximus,Fun until you run into people who know how to exploit the buggy♥♥♥♥♥combat mechanics. Fix the 1 frame long attack exploits you weeb♥♥♥♥♥developers. Trash. Don't buy
,Not Recommended,219640,18531191,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Catbergastedgut,Real knights didn't spin like beyblades :--D
,Recommended,219640,31128200,Posted: 13 April,all,EnIgMaTiCoRaNgE,Game concept is good - Game mechanics are good - Vanilla has population - Deadliest Warrior has little to no population - Deadliest warrior feels superior in mechanics - Deadliest Warrior population might be next to zero because concept is derived from infamous origin material -
,Recommended,219640,31178676,Posted: 16 April,all,"I Ain't Gay, But $5 is $5",Good little game to play occasionally. Gets repetitive though.
76561198202135903,Not Recommended,219640,17053726,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,nmiller151,"Really bad hit box, unbalanced classes and weapons, THE BUGS MY GOD.  Massive amounts of server lag from all serversHere is how you sum up 99% of chivalry. You are dueling someone for 30 seconds, all of a sudden a player from your team runs into the fight to kill steal while you are mid swing and you hit and miraculously one shot him. That idoit gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and puts up a vote kick  and types into the chat ""tker"" and you get kicked. The end"
,Recommended,219640,21285028,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,dudewithafez,*SLASH* *AAAA* *FOR AGATHA*
,Not Recommended,219640,34166500,Posted: 11 August,all,King Windows of Mac,"This game is quite fun at the beginning , but once you hit rank 16 , it's starting to become less fun , because you'll only match up with like these rank 40-50 or even higher!The thing about this game is the bad physics , some players will know what I'm talking about , an example is when you do a overhead attack standing backwards to your opponent , while you're looking up , it will hit them , this was already in the game for over 4 years and Torn Banner , the developers , hasn't even fixed this yet , because they're to lazy!Another thing about this game at rank 16 and higher is that you have to think to much about one movement , in the lower ranks , you just run at people and hit them while you're spinning around like a helicopter , that's pretty fun. Talking about helicopters , in the higher ranks , you also see people helicoptering , that's basically when you're in your release fase ( the damage dealing fase ) people tend to spin their body up and down , left and right , they actually abuse the bad physics to get around blocks , so when you do this attack , you'll almost certainly land a hit and that movement is no fun!But thankfully , there's a new Chivalry type of game coming out by Unreal Engine , it's called Mordhau , the beta version will come out in September 2017 , the creators of this game think that the game will be completely done in 2018.So we will have to wait , but you can try the beat in 2017!I looked at the trailer of this game and it looks fantastic , the graphics are great , the gameplay also looks decent , there are also some new things I never have seen , like horses , but you'll still notice some elements of Chivalry: Medieval Warfare , e.g. the classes , you still have Man-At-Arms , Archer , Vanguard and Knight , but they look a bit different and better!So I'm looking forward for that new game and not to forget , after Mordhau has been launched , Chivalry will probably die out , so if I were you , I wouldn't stick with that game..."
76561198066180356,Not Recommended,219640,15806523,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,oof,It's like a big middle finger.
,Recommended,219640,4411425,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,[TZS] FALLEN,"Rating~~~10 Very amazing game!!!! Graphics are very close to Skyrim. Games combat is very real-time feeling. Controls are very unique and make every dual/slaughter house gangbang rememberable. There are 4 classes with 3 tiers each to level. You can also level up a ""4/5"" tier of weapons but they are all secondary weapons. If your looking to blow of some steam and dismember some bodies or you just like medival times combat like myself this game is a must have for you."
,Recommended,219640,17731348,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,I am in Danger,"Rip Peoples heads off with swords, axes, bows and all other types of weapons.All sorts of limbs are also included,May need to see a doctor after playing this game, but you didnt get it from me."
76561198047573610,Not Recommended,219640,23007896,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,TripleDots,Would have been fun if they fixed the overpowered moves like spinning which is almost imposible to block even for the better players. But hats seems to be more important by the devs. At this state you are better off watching youtube videos from 2013 when it actually was fun.
,Not Recommended,219640,24898824,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Handyman©,"I would not waste my money on this since For honor is coming out soon, also the team kill sucks."
,Recommended,219640,16108018,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Nigga gypsy madam zeroni,fun
,Recommended,219640,19930769,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rebz,"i just bought this game on the winter sell an it was on my wish list forever, its an awesome game the gameplay is nice an the graphics are amazing on my GTX 950 SC"
,Recommended,219640,11000866,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,4th,"If you have friends who will play this with you, grab it. If you don't I honestly wouldn't recommend, it's just one of those games. Pretty decent game though, solid fighting mechanics but a little unbalanced which is fine. Interesting game modes and alright graphics."
,Recommended,219640,7443460,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,WereKage,It's dead.
,Recommended,219640,16084809,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Pwny McPwnPwn,The game is fun at first.  You have to start on noob servers for your first 15 hours or something.But then you go to the open servers and there's always some♥♥♥♥♥♥who plays the game 18 hours a day every day and has superhuman abilities.  It's not fun when there's one invinsible guy killing the entire team repeatedly.  And it happens all the time.  It shouldn't be possible for this to happen.  It's why I don't play the game.So it's barely a recommend.  It's fun at first when you're playing against opponents of normal ability but the first time you face this unstoppable medieval death machine you'll quickly lose interest.Pwninator score: 5/10
76561198197167950,Recommended,219640,16391884,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MOON,a glorious bloodbath of a game
76561198114939988,Recommended,219640,12705124,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,BrandoBaggins,FOR THE ORDER
,Not Recommended,219640,18671098,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,UneasyOffBam,"so broken, cant even play in fullscreen without it twitching, leaving it unplayable or 25-30 fps in windowed. 2/10 >:("
,Recommended,219640,20057473,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Esquerdopato,"Best multiplayer title to pick up a sword and fight, period. Chivalry is the first game to present a truly awesome and original first-person meele combat (and superb archery too) and thus will always remain a classic to me.It ain't perfect though, the combat mechanics were well designed but abandoned after release, which means competitive players have mastered all kinds of exploits and stupidly unrealistic mechanics while the devs just sat there and said ""it's cool that was intended"". 360° slashes, accelerating/deaccelerating your attacks to unbalanced and unrealistic speeds (known as dragging) in order to deceive your opponent, facing your opponent backwards while looking up to hit them instantly after pressing the attack button (reverse overhead) and so on. So there's a very high learning curve to this game because one must master such exploits in order to become competitive. Glitches are common too, such as ghost strikes (when a player's attack animation gets desynced and he hits you even though you parried), ranged projectiles sometimes not dealing damage at all, being unable to move after drawing your bow, flags that glitch and can't be captured in Capture the Flag mode etc. It would be simple enough to fix all of these but Torn Banner doesn't care.I suggest getting this game on discount, it is at least 50% off every month or two and there's an active community of players in North and South America (and probably Europe too) so it's a decent purchase. Or just wait for Mordhau, an upcoming game that aims to build upon what Chivalry did and improve it."
76561198138091133,Not Recommended,219640,30515485,Posted: 14 March,all,Jerry,Dont.
,Recommended,219640,15837332,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Sniffy,If you want to get all the STD's that are discovered.buy this game because it ♥♥♥♥s you in the♥♥♥♥♥so many times by so many different players.stay small
,Not Recommended,219640,18753300,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dornek,it not ok
,Not Recommended,219640,28722536,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LIR Coldstreamer,"*I need help, when I start the game, it has X-Box controls, any chance someone can help?"
,Recommended,219640,1087425,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,mugnus,"I TIRE OF MEAD,I THIRST FOR BLOOD!"
,Recommended,219640,33667491,Posted: 20 July,all,Aftermilk,its good
76561198168889456,Recommended,219640,19951240,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SquigglyCup,Abesolutely brilliant game. I have come to learn that no matter how long you have played or what weapons you have-you can be beat by anyone. This game is exquisitely balanced as it is and you wont find a game quite like this. If you want a game that truly gives off a knightly experince than I would highly reccomend you give this a try.
,Not Recommended,219640,8267330,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Revvster,"If everyone isn't crying about homophobia, then that's because you've been killed by your teammates in spawn, and your text chat must be set off in options, because they are most certainly talking about how much they hate the gays and blacks."
76561198077751359,Recommended,219640,19929448,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Funny Valentine,"You can chop off limbs and heads with giant swords, spears, forks, hammers and many moreDo I need to say something more?"
,Recommended,219640,20856134,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,AndyMilk,"This game is simply awesome!I've always enjoyed FPS games, but would like to experiment some medieval FPS.When this one came out, I bought the game and it was like love in 1st sight!Between all the warfare, graphics, legs and arms cut off, the game has quite good things.Pros:Graphics: It has good graphics, from the characters to the maps, that makes you think that you're really in there.Sounds: I'm willing to say that the sound is just perfect. From the footsteps, the swords hitting eachother, the sound of throwing an arrow, all the yelling, the pain...Game Modes: Lots of game modes and maps to play in. Team Deadmatch, team Objectives, Last Team Standing, Free For All and Duel (this last 2 are my favs) :)I've been addicted to this game for a long time, stopped playing it for more than a year because had no time to play alot, but restarted again, and the game had some updates this last year.One of the reasons that i love this game is when you're against other good guy, attacking and defending with the swords for almost a minute, and someone attacks you and (my chair has wheels) i try to dodge those swords moving my chair :D :D"
,Recommended,219640,18268045,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Haz,>Gets wooden spoon>Explodes friendly headGG 11/10 Best Team Killing Simulator 2015 verry real
,Recommended,219640,20254113,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Queen of Hearts,"I killed 3 team mates in 1 swing of a greatsword, best game ever"
76561198064461853,Recommended,219640,13572353,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,deathsmash121,Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a very good game but there must come a new person like a medic or something that can heal and hase a little melee weapon.
76561198013420291,Recommended,219640,28646030,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,epicfail,"On Team Objective you can 1v1 hack and slash or play strategy and do the mission while others fight and watch ur back, use throwables like axes, knives and my fav., smoke pots(2) and fire pots(1). Throwing both Smoke pots at a superior enemy tank front line MAY help to negate their pro skill or you can just run past them cause they can't see you and get to the objective which they are defending. The XXlong range on fire pots makes it look like a mortar coming down lol. Enemies on fire take damage, best used in group of enemy or as a roadblock at their feet, I like to hit them in the face with it lol.  Smoke pots blind enemy archers. The central battlefield is where most war takes place but all along both extreme sides of the map is alternate unseen (maybe) routes to the Team Objective, which is either killing peasants, burning things up by throwing torches on HUD T O mission targets, hitting massive doors enough to destroy them, sometimes u have to stand on place next to a trebuche so it can launch and destroy a castle wall but the enemy knows it too and runs straight there after spawning, if your team can hold back the steel flood  you win. Prepare yourself battle for sure!"
,Recommended,219640,31399870,Posted: 27 April,all,tarbagatay,"Cool arcadey medieval warfare game. There are 4 classes: a light unit, a medium unit, a heavy unit, and an archer. Weapons are balanced and skill based, even an archer with a dagger has a chance against a knight if he's a better player.Also the game is only 2-3 dollars on sale.9/10 would spam the ""c"" key to yell again."
,Recommended,219640,34900602,Posted: 12 September,all,?????,praytothesun360shitdevsdontwannafixthat 0_0
,Recommended,219640,32438652,Posted: 15 June,all,Daniel Potter,"Basically, the bottom line is that there is simply no game like Chivalry. It's game mechanics are so simple, yet there are not used anywhere else.Games like mount and blade, or war of the roses, and even for honor rely on your mouse movement, for the direction of where you would swing your weapon. But the problem is that that system never registered very well. Put 100 people up and make them do a certain combo, and you will see how varied results would be in those games.In chivalry, all you have is LMB for your basic attack, MMB scroll up for an overhead swing (which is a stronger attack) and MMB scroll down for an thrust (which gives range).RMB is for blocking. Shields can block indefinately but drain stamina, other weapons only block for a second or two. You can kick and break someone's block (that's used against shields).Finally, there are lots of weapons. Some providing range, some providing more damage, some only allowed for duel hand wielding. And running builds up speed and allows you to do a charge attack that does more damage.At the same time, not only does the mechanic work, but it also is very aethentic, realistic, plausible.Look at this gameplay footage from war of the roses:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeSIQEGIuE4Look at how you have this UI for your direction, which just stands out of place. Every time you get a hit, you get ""notified"" by a red slash. All this ""numbers"" telling how much damage you did.In chivalry, you  have no UI basically other than the basic bottom line requirement (health, stamina). Full immersion.Now, onto the game modes. There are about 4 of them: team deathmatch, free for all, last team standing (2 teams, 1 life each), duel, and objective based.All are integrated well into the game. You can find all of those being played at a regular basis. The game supports up to 16v16.But the main mode of the game is the objective based mode. It's pretty much attack/defend mode. One team attacks a castle, first burning the village, killing the peasants, and then moving onto the castle itself, until finally in the main hall of the king. The defenders are there to stop them. Once the attackers reach the king's hall, the MVP of the defenders becomes the king. Attackers win by killing the king. Defenders win if they manage to hold on until the timer runs out.This is it. The game is still very alive (unlike say the expansion or the sequel. The lag compensation is also very good, if that's what you are worried about.As for the performance, the game uses unreal engine 3. If you are able to run a game that uses this engine, you most likely can run this as well."
76561198202834518,Not Recommended,219640,28510400,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SpaghettiQc,"Seems to be buggy for a MAC. Even with the lowest graphics settings, I can't play smoothly on a crowded server."
76561198185583122,Not Recommended,219640,28512886,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dawn,It's just horrible. Everywhere from bad animations to bad mechanics. Nothing is smooth at all. The mechanics are espicially frustraing.
76561198053391219,Not Recommended,219640,28366799,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sir J1mmyn3utr0n,So much potential thrown away
,Recommended,219640,27273162,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NOSFCTECH,Its the best money i ever spent on a game! The satisfaction it gives you is way beyond the money you'll pay for it!
,Not Recommended,219640,18536577,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,ukdesigner,"Wanted to like this game, but the tutorial is still broken since the last time I tried on its release way over a year ago.Everytime we connect to new Servers, it kicked us. At this point in time for its release, it should be working and well n truly polished...Servers run off hamster wheelsGames still more glitchy than my ex gfs knickersTutorial tells you to do things you cant, you get stuck in fences, and also sometimes stuck in endless loops when in battle.Threw a oil pot which made black texture lines across the battlefield.Couldn't join a single game today, and the bots are complete idiots.Mount n Blade is supposed to be better, so I think I'll give that a go.Fix the dam game already!!!"
,Not Recommended,219640,16427496,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,911_Conspiracy_,vchnbjn
76561198118952142,Not Recommended,219640,16640942,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Silver Beat,DONT ♥♥♥♥ING BUY THIS GAME!tpeople can kill you from 5 feet away and you cant aim in this game worth♥♥♥♥♥♥just dont buy it for the love of good
,Not Recommended,219640,16128309,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,IamMortui,Devs care for nothing about this game DO NOT BUY THIS.
,Not Recommended,219640,16440252,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Marisa,"Despite being far beyond the minimum requirements on Linux, the game's performance borders on unplayable, even with all settings on minimum. There's also constant sound stuttering and popping.I would expect an Unreal Engine game to run decently on Linux, but this is ridiculous.By the way, nice work forcing people to follow the community page so they can actually customize characters AT ALL."
76561198067978337,Not Recommended,219640,19925718,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,BadCompany141,after level 15 I experienced some of the most realistic combat mechanics a game could have ever offer
76561198065745857,Not Recommended,219640,16444421,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Omar,I hate game
,Not Recommended,219640,26054874,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,"Urizen Sawbones, MD","This game is great, really great. Had a lot of good times here.However, there comes a point where one gets tired of having to go against seemingly illogical playstyles that munchkin the mechanics to the point that the game becomes an abstraction rather than any meaningfully fun combat simulator.Add to that the sadly requisite toxic community where most sentences begin with ""get""and end with ""rekt"" and the game diminishes greatly in terms of enjoyment.Get it for cheap and play until it is no longer fun and then move on. Expect to be griefed because here be idiots."
76561197960325573,Not Recommended,219640,12620329,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Sol Invictus,"Bad game, terrible community."
,Recommended,219640,396007,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,ICS,"Good entertainment, however it's more of a luck than a skill if you manage to be good at this game due to all that ""timing"" (called lag in other games)."
76561197981720438,Not Recommended,219640,12663184,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Seba,Yes I have to say this game really is not that good. I tried to show Chivalry by opening doors for people but unfortunately there are no doors to open for ANYONE. Then I tried to use democracy in my second play through but all I got were words I cannot repeat and well... it didn't go well. On my third try to play I un-sheathed my weapon to show I was serious about peace and being a gentlemen but then I got attacked even harder. This is not about Chivalry as I have known.. it's about violence so I would not recommend to anyone that likes to be chivalrous.
,Recommended,219640,10958801,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lol Yup,Medieval Simulator 2012   10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,31724013,Posted: 13 May,all,White Wolf,Bad
,Recommended,219640,15676059,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,"m,,,,,,,",One of my favorite games!
76561198082123142,Not Recommended,219640,9786860,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,xico,"What a load of b*llocks!Pros: Sound is solid, and feels intense. Some dropped enemies gargle blood as they drop and the sounds of cutting limbs makes you feel like you're in a battle. Some levels have well-made concepts.Cons: Number 1, horrific community! This is the first game on Steam I've played where routinely people insult one another and newbs are attacked by their own teams to force them to quit (once I was a recipient of this practice but I witnessed it numerous times before I got mine). Wow, the hate!I have an ethernet connection that pulls 12 mb/s downloads and somehow every match was lagged a bit. Considering the fact I'm using a brand new rig with the best tech and solid connection I couldn't recommend this to anyone with an older system.Pay to win! You want those powerful swings faster? Better and lighter armor? Faster more accurate bows? Just pay 8 dollars a pop and they're yours! If an MMO is going to have pay to win then it should be free and not at cost!If you're considering I would stress to move on!"
76561198108044799,Not Recommended,219640,8012771,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Gahoona 2,"Just Plain BAD , sloppy , buggy and anything else y . Dont wast your time or money . Can I get A Refund....made me want to vomit.."
,Recommended,219640,25082292,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lunajack,"C:MW is a fps (S meaning slasher, obviously.) that requires fast paced thinking and planning. it is about 2 factions; the Masons and the agathans, I cannot find any lore on these 2 factionss, which kind of sucks because I would like to know more about it. there are 4 classes:-Archer: Shoot pointy sticks, lowest HP, 2nd fastest class.-Man at arms: Fastest Class, 2nd lowest HP, can dodge, I cant play as him for♥♥♥♥♥♥-vanguard: Longest range with melee weapons, 2nd highest HP, not too fast, not too slow, not too beefy, he is the class that has the most balanced stats, everyone plays as him. He can also do a charge attack to do a total of Godwhy amount of damage if you spring long enough.-Knight: highest HP, Slowest class in the game, Packs the most punch with his attacks.the combat is based on the american CHIVAL war. (that's a joke, sorry.) based on medieval warfare, so you choose a variety of weapons to poke your enemies with, like spears and swords. There are a few types of slashes you need to keep in mind:-Overhead: Most damage, Slowest swing speed, Closest range (I beleave)-Normal Attack: fastest speed (I beleave) speed, medium damage, and range.-P̶o̶k̶e̶  Stab: Longest range, Least damage (Im pretty sure), and fast-ish poke speed.You need to apply the best way if picking off your enemies by using these while also focusing on blocking and kicking (which breaks their guard, more helpful than it sounds.) this game is a bit hard to get into but once you get decent (not that I am) it gets really fun. I think if you're a fan of fast paced, and smart combat you should look into getting this game."
76561198087185119,Not Recommended,219640,8198265,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Shathra,It sucks.
,Not Recommended,219640,8973826,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Cyborg Noodle,"This game probably has one of the most horrible hit detection I've ever encountered.A lot of the time people can get away with just spamming m1 and still kill you even though you run around with a huge shield. I've even seen enemy weapons go right through my shield on my screen.The hitbox for bow and arrow is also incredibly small. You have to have perfect aim to hit enemies at all, even if you're just aiming for their bodies.The upsides for using crossbows instead of bows is also way too high. There's almost no reason to use a bow instead of a crossbow. Your crossbow bolts travel faster, travel longer and do more damage. Which makes it much, much easier to kill someone."
,Recommended,219640,12702623,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Blastoise Brigade,"Great game to play with your friends, plenty of laughs had by all. Get to feel extremely manly in the comfort of your own home.9/10 dost thou even hoist?!"
76561198052844568,Recommended,219640,16049346,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,amarin1492,Do you like skill-based hack and slash games?  Then buy it.
,Recommended,219640,16876445,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,ALICE,:) Kool)
76561198142994315,Recommended,219640,20519668,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Cpt. ℬoℬ,"""Chivalry: Medieval Warfare"" is a awesome game with a massive learning curve, and a strong community background. It also requires a lot of skill in order to play decently and a even higher ammount to play greatly. Its a game that you cannot just jump into and expect to be good at it, Takes a fair while to become good with it but worth it. I Love it 10/10 :)"
76561198046924393,Recommended,219640,22694624,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Quinlin,I spent countless hour on this game... it is so much fun and has a great community (most of the times)Still!
,Not Recommended,219640,13710774,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Nick Wilde,chivalry is a very interesting game and i played it way before that other rubbish version of chivalry came out. and that was the last i ever played of it. i have recently checked it to see what it was like and i played it for about 30 seconds before i noticed the MICRO TRANSACTIONS. mainly because on the main menu the game was practically yelling at me to look at them. now if im not mistaken this game costs MONEY. why the hell are there micro transactions in a paid game! even if they are optional im very dissapointed that the makers of this game have fallen so low. not even gonna mention the community AT ALL in this.4/10
76561197972164859,Recommended,219640,12945750,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Asskite,A GAEM WHEAR TEMKILS AH FUN AN PEPLE GET BUTHURT LAWL
,Recommended,219640,15588701,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Gunslinger,"Something really satisfying about running into a battlefield screaming and cutting off peoples heads, arms, legs."
,Recommended,219640,8612600,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,rel,this game is loads of fun but hard to master. 8/10
,Recommended,219640,8871273,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,[IN D] RobbinxDeHood,"I have War of the Roses and Chivalry and in my opinion Chivalry is more fun.  It isn't as technically savvy as War of the Roses but the first person fun of Chivalry is very satisfying.  Chivalry has four classes each with different weapons and tactics.  Once you find the type of soldier that works for you just stick with it and learn the timing and before you know you'll be decapitating and dismembering with ease.  I hadn't played since the beta and with the release of Deadliest Warrior I thought I would give it another go.  The improvements are amazing.  The game is easy to get into and the gameplay is smooth.  My favorite game is Team Objective in which one team lays seige and has specific tasks to accomplish and the other team defends.  There are many game types that are immediately familiar to most gamers so finding an appropriate server should be easy for most people.  There are groups that play in historically realistic battle squads if that is what you are looking for and there are many different skill lvels to choose from.  There is even a training tutorial that will walk the player throough all of the weapons and how to use them.  There is even a button to yell out a heroic battle yell, I love that.  This is a fun new take on the FPS and is great for those gamers looking for a fun new way to play with their friends."
,Recommended,219640,22808383,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Lyanndrus,"One of the best online games, nothing more to say..."
,Recommended,219640,13491779,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,roxor,its ok
,Recommended,219640,30782876,Posted: 27 March,all,Kroniq,"Purchased this game way way back. Worth every penny then, why not pick it up for free?"
,Recommended,219640,8150967,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,BLURRYFΛCE,"This game is amazing and very addictive. If you like good combat and humor, you will love this game.LIVE UNDER THE IRON FIST OR DIE!COME HERE SQUIRE, I NEED HELP WITH MY CODPIECE.YOUR BRAIN IS LIKE A BISCUIT AFTER A LONG VOYAGE."
76561198119077082,Recommended,219640,30325646,Posted: 4 March,all,Metroshock,"This game is truly one of my favorites. It is so much fun whether you're playing with friends or by yourself. If you're going to play this game, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND BLACK KNIGHT MODE IT IS SO FUNNY.The combat is very well done, I find it interesting that you can get really advanced with the system by either speeding up or slowing down your swings and other ""trick shot"" type maneuvers.The graphics are great, very realistic environments and weapon/character appearance.One of my favorite parts is that you have different things your character can say, whether it's thanking a fellow teammate or taunting an opponent. Even laughing. It's wonderful because you don't have to rely on typing out certain things mid-combat when you can just press a few buttons and have your character say it for you.The class system (different types of characters with their own weapons) is similar to many other games yet it is also unique, and that's always nice.But one of the more important things I enjoy about this game is how it engages the community. It welcomes mods and player-made designs that may just end up in game. And that's awesome.Really I don't have many bad things to say about this game except that the servers occasionally don't load or it occasionally lags/shoots my ping up. But hey, I love it anyway.I wish I had found this game sooner."
,Not Recommended,219640,8821611,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,handicapitation,"Excellent concept for a game, poor game design.  Won't play right on my gaming desktop.  Can play BF4 on highest settings flawlessly, yet this game seems to give me lag and frame skip on the low settings.  All video drivers are correct and up to date and all other games play fine.  Would love to play this game in the state it was intended for, will change my review if I ever get that opportunity."
,Not Recommended,219640,8834869,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Markus Kruber,"This is a game of knights.  This is a game of vanguards.  This is a game of men at arms.  This is a game of archers.  This game is NOT for people whom are angered easily.  This is NOT for people who want a game that will always be fun.It's about skill and it's about exploit.  If you've got both, snag a copy; however only when it is on sale.  This is a neat game for ones who enjoy knight fights although it is rather awful in too many aspects and its developers are f**king c*nts,"
,Not Recommended,219640,11120747,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,goaway,Anger Management Class Failure Simulator 2013. Worst $8 I ever spent.
,Not Recommended,219640,11142976,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Sharpshot Sid,"A dedicated community of cancerous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with mouse sensitivity set to 100 twirling around like ballerinas, doing 360 MLG swings and stabs and feeling epic about it. If you don't land in one of the many cesspools of reddit-tier memeshouting and actually find a server with a decent team it can be an okay game at best.The controls are still iffy, lag is a serious issue, it's as optimised as a turd, taking a full 10 seconds to launch the pre-game banner, another full 10 to watch the UNREAL ENGINE and TORN BANNER STUDIOS intro which can not be skipped and then another 10 seconds to load the main menu. Which takes 10 seconds every time you swap from game to main menu."
76561198058448290,Recommended,219640,34440942,Posted: 23 August,all,Kizune,it fun is very
,Not Recommended,219640,34781324,Posted: 6 September,all,Con Silverstone,"Don't normally write reviews so here is a quick review:Negatives- Archers are difficult to deal with, even in limited numbers so long as they stay at a range.- The combat really just comes down to luck. If you are outnumbered you lose and nothing is in place to counter balance it. It is difficult to dertermine attacks for blocking and most people don't bother with it.- Some weapons are just clearly better than others needs to be better balanced, the fact that a claymore weilder who is swinging full force should not be blockable by a dagger.- The online players have broken this game to do end, the infamous helicopter death swing (an instant attack claymore that can go under blocks) is the best possible example.- Forced micro transactions for cosmetics in a 20 pound game, if you could unlock looks via a (free) crate system on level up it wouldn't be so bad otherwise its just extortion.- At the very least let players get experience achevements (type of achevement in the game) via offline or even online bots. It would nulify a good portion of the games problems for myself.Possitives- The modding comunity is quite fantastic and it has certainly saved the game to some extent. The horde games that people have made are fun in particular.- Even with how strong they are, it is good to see a game make an attempt to include archers. I feel a lot of games skip over them. (likely due to balancing)- The game has a strong list a weapons to play around with. It is enjoyable and for heavier weapons they do well to illustrate the weight in a swing.- The maps and models are decent to look at, it helps to bring out the feel of the game.Overall, interesting concept but could have done better with the execution. Maybe if it gets refined more this review will be withdrawn. Until then it stands as is."
76561198038976176,Recommended,219640,34512637,Posted: 26 August,all,halcyondazed,Slay your enemies while you accidentally kill your friends in the process.10/10
76561198053160819,Not Recommended,219640,34818750,Posted: 8 September,all,Plz Don't Cybur Bully Mi!,Needs more lens flare
,Not Recommended,219640,34845980,Posted: 9 September,all,Bob Saget,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics, laden with bugs. Big nope.Shame WotR has been discontinued."
,Recommended,219640,1208585,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,ComradeWinston,A good game to ♥♥♥♥ about in and kill people. Especially while spamming cries for help and punching people's heads off as others look on in confusion or sheer amusement.
76561198105738107,Recommended,219640,9815140,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Ct@ng,"Even if I only spent about 100 hours with this game, I still have lots to say and many great memories to share about it.Chivalry Medieval Warfare is a first person, hack and slash medieval game, the combat is close and personal, each team, being able to choose from 4 classes: archer, man at arms, vanguard and knight. Each class has its speed and armour stats, and of course, specific weapons.There are 3 types of atacks: slashes, overhead and stab, the player being able to cancel them mid-swing in order to fool the enemy into blocking early.It's a great game, all in all, if you get it at a sale, but after rank 15 things start to fall apart, I met a lot of exploiters and hackers, if you just want to have some great time with your friends try staying under rank 15. I definitely recommend this game for the ones loving the middle ages and for the hack and slash fans, buy it."
,Not Recommended,219640,23437923,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ShellSh0ck1212,"Horrid community, shameless promotion, combat system feels limited."
,Recommended,219640,22502844,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,•҉TheHorrorGuru,"The game is a blast if you're looking to decapitate some in intense, fast-paced melee combat."
,Recommended,219640,27900532,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hipster Rapunzie Bday 17 days,This game is really fun to play even though there are infuriating momments but overall this gave is just awesome in general
76561198093096322,Recommended,219640,23874449,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,JuGGis,On muute --> 5/5
,Recommended,219640,23874740,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,snuggle,Great game but imagine the the cussing and♥♥♥♥♥♥talk if this game had a voice chat update. Please patch for voice chat function thx
,Recommended,219640,23880181,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dahger,Very Fun Game!I Recommend this to users who love first person games. :)
76561197994366863,Recommended,219640,8032769,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Ｓｃｏｒｐｉ,"It's like forum trolling, except instead of wielding words you're driving a virtual longsword through someone's digital thorax.It's meaty, it's crunchy, it's downright personal; you don't just kill guys, you mess them up."
,Recommended,219640,28466380,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Sandy,nice game
,Recommended,219640,16956959,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,tewi,CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,219640,23927815,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,HIC0M,"I can't stop playing it! I love everything about it..The blood, gore, classes.. EVERYTHING!Oh, did I mention the AI's? Yeah, forgot them. THEY SUCK.But online is great! :) 8/10"
,Recommended,219640,1352507,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,BIO BENNY,FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR AAAGGGGGGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,219640,31058457,Posted: 10 April,all,陆航（Ciri）,超好玩。多人版的骑马与砍杀，当然这里面不能骑马……对于中国玩家来说少数国内服务器之外的都有点卡，建议VPN走起。
76561198208732001,Recommended,219640,31015560,Posted: 8 April,all,SumKai41,good!!!
76561198243348462,Recommended,219640,35318286,Posted: 29 September,all,FlurryStorm,very fun game but very difficult to learn.
76561198095444754,Not Recommended,219640,10135437,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Cyber God,"Waste of $6, dont buy it. Combat is terrible for it being a combat oriented game."
,Not Recommended,219640,10136976,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Emil 3.0+1.0 NiceSave™,"The game isn't really that fun nor good, it's like a bad version of War of the roses, but still fun with friends..."
,Not Recommended,219640,10142130,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Slotter Otter,"Horrible mess. From what I saw in the gameplay, etc it could've been amazing. but the controls are slow and clunky. Using a controller is unbearable, and the training sequence is a catastrophe.Save the hard-drive space, money and time. Do not buy this; I did and I regret it dearly."
01101110101011001,Recommended,219640,9138524,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Crayonisseur,This gam is like Team Fortress 2 but with melee weapons and fun decapitation
,Recommended,219640,10165346,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Bobby Digital,Headshots sound like exploing watermelonsworth it
,Recommended,219640,10185277,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,nightfries,"I'll keep this review short and sweet.For a change of pace it's a lot of fun.The action seems a bit clunky at first but it is pretty great fun to block and sword fight for victory instead of shooting a gun.Pros: Inexpensive, very unique compared to mulitplayer fps games, tons of players playing the game.Cons: Steep learning curve, clunky feel to controls until you get used to it, too few maps.Final decision.I bought the game on sale and while it isn't perfect for what I paid < $8  it has been well worth it. I only hope Torn Banner creates a more full featured sequal with single player or coop campaign because I enjoy the game mechanics so much! If you can pick this game up on sale and want a change of pace it is well worth it.  Full price score 4/10  - Sale Price score 8/10."
,Recommended,219640,9400791,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,A$AP kingrazz,"awesome game. need to add more weapons and armour tho now, bored of the same weapons and look."
,Recommended,219640,10139568,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Jimmy Hazard,"My god this game. Think classic PvP multiplayer, remove all the boring guns and give everyone swords. That is basically it. In terms of a game, it isn't all that polished, or well animated or that deep but what is lacks there, it more than makes up in the gameplay. Its a wild frenzy that keeps you laughing all the way through a round. It is mad brilliance."
76561198066539797,Not Recommended,219640,10147927,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,LMB | militaryprogamer,"a tiny dagger and knife could parry a huge war hammeryour weapons go through multiple enemies as if they were made out of paperarchers have 100% accuracy, so even if you have a huge shield in front of you, you still get hit because a tiny part of your body is outi have no problems fighting players with huge  armor heavy weapons, but it seems i can't beat players with small knivesplayers exploit poor game mechanicsthe reason why this game has high sales is because it doesnt have much competition, and it appeals to casual players,"
,Recommended,219640,10163756,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Guccigatana,"I feel the need to write this review as, because of the free weekend, there seem to be a lot of negative reviews. This game is indeed a wonderful game. The combat is so amazingly sharp and precise (as long as you have good connection) and it feels so rewarding to decapitate crowds of enemies with wide-sweeping attacks with your claymore. You can even snipe enemies with a  bow and arrow, which requires more skill then I previously thought.There's a lot of variety in terms of the maps and modes and my personal favorite is the duel mode in which you challenge other players and have 1 on 1 duels with players. I can't recommend this game enough if you enjoy multiplayer games with emphases on melee combat.I especially love the Deadliest Warrior expansion, a feeling I don't think to be shared among everyone in the community. I think it adds a ton of interesting features and most importantly, it's fun. They even improved the dueling mode to be much nicer and I really appreciate it. Get this game."
76561198120897323,Not Recommended,219640,10163868,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mickey Mouse™,i allready have this and it wants me to buy it again...
76561198042161406,Recommended,219640,10165711,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,ATI_KiLlzOnE,Kicked my teammate into a bunch of spikes...10/10
76561198084928271,Recommended,219640,9149214,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sir Vey,"Pretty glitchy, and some mechanics that a lot of people complain about but this game if enjoyable and makes time fly by for me."
76561198037420331,Recommended,219640,10139676,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Super Caraio,"I love this game! it's so detailed, works well, fun and you have a lot of loadout and game modes to choose from. Unfortunately, i cant play, because from where i live i cant get in a server with less than 250 ping :("
,Not Recommended,219640,10149859,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,gasmasktothedome,laggy as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,10156105,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Scared Straight the Porno,SWORDS
76561197970811469,Not Recommended,219640,10160576,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,JimiOhio,"Love the concept game (from the few times I could get it to run), shame its the the most bug ridden and unplayable crashfest ever. Read the forums before you buy this, I wish I did."
,Recommended,219640,10163026,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Giant Ass Licker,Its so fun.
76561198059534224,Recommended,219640,10169346,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,{!i} Lexx,"very good game. If u are bored with other games, buy this one, you are going to enjoy it very much! :)"
,Recommended,219640,10171172,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Rafael M.,"Brutal and hilarious!This game is worth to play, specially with friends.Chivalry is very fun, but I recommend to buy while is on sale.Let the carnage begins!"
76561197994532965,Recommended,219640,10146585,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,IX_SkyRanger_IX,This is really a great game. I love it so far! Show you love and crush your opponent on the coarsest. Then this game is made ​​for you! Make sure to buy the Complete Pack to it. (When its on sale)
,Not Recommended,219640,10148734,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Ne0_BLaSTeR,i wish this game was free not that good to pay
,Not Recommended,219640,10161329,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,austinmorris24,"If you like MMOs you may like this game, but over all your fighting ability is very limited. There are several diffrent swings but very few diffences its more of a game of who swings first. And dont even think of playing offline this game had the worst AI I have ever seen half of them literally stand in place and run in circles."
,Recommended,219640,9369520,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Viper20101,this is a gret game for the hacking hearted
,Recommended,219640,10150934,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Jake,Brandon is probally going to read me this review in teamspeak
76561198005175715,Recommended,219640,10153613,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,trumman,Fun! Buy it while it's cheap.
,Not Recommended,219640,13815583,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Nicoali,It looks like Justin Bieber made the AI for this game.
,Not Recommended,219640,25427742,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,✪SammyGR,Here it is;Game's combat isn't not bad but other features are not deserve this money while u have been given.Dont buy it.
76561198048469202,Not Recommended,219640,30019942,Posted: 18 February,all,Hell spawn 666,The combat is really unrealistic.
,Not Recommended,219640,30010287,Posted: 18 February,all,efcuS,not good at all
,Not Recommended,219640,12520475,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Secret~,"I lost my father to cancer.He smoked since he was 13 or something like that I heard my mom say. He's always smoked. He smoked in the house when we were all infants, of course back then they weren't aware of second hand smoke. he hated going to the doctor's. But as time went by the pain got worse and worse. So my mom ended up dragging him there. It turned out they had to operate on him, but when they did they just closed him back up and said they were sorry but there wasn't anything else they could do. The cancer that had started in his lungs had spread all over his body. Based on that experience, my mother asked me never to smoke and that's what I did. Now, I feel like I should have smoked, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
,Not Recommended,219640,12068327,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Corrosion,it needs alot of work. takes about 3 seconds to swing a sword in combat.................i can swing a sword in about a second............................................................................................................................................................................................................ guys run very slow..................................................................................................................................................................... hit sync sucks................................................................................................. no
76561197972941503,Not Recommended,219640,8160566,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,NoNose,"Where are the servers?  This game is broken and useless unless someone can point me to some information that lets me see the servers.  From what I have been able to extract from all of the fragmented comments about the game, the majority of people that purchase this game on STEAM are hosed, with no information available to access a list of supporting servers.  Hey Steam, what is your policy about fixing this issue or refunding my money?"
76561198037081715,Not Recommended,219640,8236825,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,theetompster,"One of my favourite games but also one of the buggiest games I've ever played.  Buyer beware, this game is a mess and over a full year after release, things have not gotten better.The core game is so excellent but once you get beyond the basics, it all falls apart.  The bugs and glitches that remain over a year after release really ruin the experience.  Unfortunately as more patches and ""fixes"" come, the worse off the game gets.And as the game remained in awful condition, the developers were busy making add-on DLC, which is just as poorly executed as the main game.  Though I did have a great deal of fun with it, I eventually had to uninstall as the game became unplayable.  500 hours in and level 39, there were weapons I could not unlock due to bugs that remained in the game for months and months.Last time I played, new users also weren't able to unlock weapons or rank up beyond level 5.It's rather unfortunate, but I'll never support a Torn Banner product again."
76561198050934100,Recommended,219640,10153256,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,CPT McSleaz®,"Get drunk and cave in skulls with a mace, Can't got wrong when it's on sale, buy this game."
,Recommended,219640,29502675,Posted: 26 January,all,HeuZ,"Raiding villages, slaughtering peasants, burning farms, assaulting castles, dumping rotting corpses into the cistern to poison a city's water supply. It's all in a days work for a Knight!Chivalry has a hugely fun and intuitive combat system focused more on skill than leveling up and grinding, and a new player with the right knack can hack away shoulder to shoulder with his team mates with no problem. Getting good comes with experience and time, and what a time you'll have.I repeatedly find myself laughing at the bloody, gruesome glory of the battles. Lopping off people's heads, setting people on fire and cutting their leg off at the knee so they hop around for a bit is not uncommon in a single life, and you'll get killed and kill other players in a variety of interesting ways.The community for the most part is pretty solid. On most servers you will get the occasional team killer, however a vote-kick option is always available and most of the other players will want to get rid of someone spoiling the fun. All in all, worth the 20 quid for a good few hours of hack and slash entertainment.Bloody good fun."
,Recommended,219640,16630997,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,KillFace,Kick♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,507370,"Posted: 5 March, 2013",all,Whiskey,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is about one thing - brutal medieval combat. This competitive mutlplayer game offers the standard fare of gameplay modes in a medieval setting. It seems the developers of this game focused on one thing, to make the combat feel very satisfying. This gory slasher has you severing limbs of your adversaries and watching gibs fly as you take a warhammer to their head. If you watch the gameplay trailers and you feel compelled to play you will not be disappointed. This game delivers exactly what it is advertising.RecommendedScore: 8/10"
76561198057535880,Recommended,219640,14880256,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,[BLD] Bonks,"No real story or anything. But this game makes that up with its Advanced combatPros*Nice graphics*Nice community*Well made mapsCons*Not many weapons*In the DLC Deadliest warrior,the Spartans shield bash is OP as ****Il rate this game 9/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,18963051,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,akso,"Very fun game as long as you stay in the noob servers. As soon as you leave them you will face higher ranked players who have discovered every trick/bug in the game and will be spinning and running around you while hitting you, leaving no chance for you to hit them back.As someone else said in their review: very fun until level 15; after that - just uninstall the game."
,Not Recommended,219640,14699101,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,✅BambusNascher™✅,"I used to be an awesome knight ,but then i took an arrow in the knee ."
76561198068285085,Recommended,219640,17941576,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Diego Brando,"I really love the game , just the fact that u can be a master swordsman is fckg awsome!! unless some berserker team kills yo♥♥♥♥♥ only one thing bothers me , the customization is lacking and it needs to be improved"
76561197972759162,Recommended,219640,30646314,Posted: 20 March,all,Solarion,Interesting take on a multiplayer deathmatch. Very fun.
,Recommended,219640,30692617,Posted: 23 March,all,mini,Chop their mother ♥♥♥♥ing head of cause when you do you feel good
,Recommended,219640,30696797,Posted: 23 March,all,Potato Joe,Ballerinas and guys who lob off heads with their fists.Fun.
,Recommended,219640,16437978,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Barbosa706,FOR SPARTA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.....YUP I kicked a guy into some pit at one of the maps!
,Not Recommended,219640,17705037,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,TARS,This game is dead. But that isn't because there haven't been any new maps out since the game released or that there haven't been any new classes out since the game came out a few years ago. Its because like pretty much most of the multiplayer only focused team games on Steam this game shone brightly for a few weeks when its concept was new and novel but the majority of the community has died out. All you will find now are people who have mastered the game waiting to murder you and other people who just like you might have just bought the game to get slaughtered because they can't tell when they are a little to late to the party. Save your money and buy something current.If you want to read about this dead game in more detail you can find it over here:http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2015/08/chivalry-medieval-warfare.html.
76561198010919770,Not Recommended,219640,23162262,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Number,I thought this game looked like a fun one time casual game to play with friends but it's not.This game's hit registration doesn't make any sense. Every game ends with vanguards on top on the scoreboard on each side because they spend the entire match just charging and swinging their huge♥♥♥♥♥one shot unblockable sword. Only servers with enough people in to play a match gets me a ping of 200+.I have only tried it for 3 hours with friends and prob won't ever play it again. I sincerely have no idea why someone would like and recommend this game. There are far more superior medieval combat games out there.
76561198019191484,Not Recommended,219640,24583703,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,SteelBread,"The game was good until 15, then you cant get a single kill because of all the glitching and exploiting. I regret spending a a single penny on this game and will never reinstall it."
76561198066742017,Not Recommended,219640,22795369,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Realityh,spin2win
,Not Recommended,219640,25017573,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Dustein,"I have over a thousand hours in the game, so I feel like I know the game pretty well.I love the high skill ceiling in the game. You have to know so much to be able to be effective against opponents in combat. Knowing every aspect of every weapon in the game (such as range and speed) are critical for being able to effectively defend yourself from them. Unfortunately, this means it takes a lot of time and effort (and usually training from a higher level player) to become proficient at the game, but even then you're still gonna die a lot. The skill ceiling is massive. A person with 500 hours will almost always get killed by a guy with 1,000 who will almost always be killed by a guy with 1500 hours. It's insane, and I'm glad that there's a game out there where skill and a ton of practice will make you virtually unbeatable by those who haven't practiced nearly as much.And for those reviews saying that you have to use ""exploits"" (dragging your weapon so you hit slower or faster, or turning around and hitting people with the backswing for a lightning-fast attack) don't know what they're talking about. No, you don't have to do that to kill people. Knowing weapon ranges and punishing those who don't is sometimes more effective than being a ballerina (also there are techniques for punishing people for spinning around, but I digress). Again, it takes time, effort, and patience to ""get gud"" no matter what techniques you use. If you want to be a spin2win knight, that's fine. If you want to play more ""vanilla"" you can become very effective at doing that too.So why am I giving the game a thumbs down? With over a thousand hours I must be in love with this game, right? Well sure, if the game wasn't mechanically broken. I could give you a hundred examples of exploits and unintended features that exist in the game. Map exploits, weapon exploits, objective exploits, GUI bugs, the list goes on. But the problem isn't that the game is buggy, it's that the game has had the same bugs for YEARS and EVERYONE knows about them. And Torn Banner has either not addressed these bugs and exploits, or gives the worst and most patchy fixes to cover the problem but almost never actually fix. The Duel gamemode has had the same bug since release that EVERYONE who has ever played duels has come across (which, if you go to Customize Characters right before the bug happens, breaks your game and you have to alt-tab and exit manually) and Torn Banner hasn't addressed it. In one map it was possible to do one objective (break down a wall) before completing another, which meant that as soon as you finished the previous objective, the wall-break objective would insta-complete. Instead of fixing it so that you couldn't do the wall-break objective before the previous one, they just covered the wall-break objective with an invisible box until the previous objective is complete (which you can still destroy the wall through the invisible box if you do it in a certain way). On a different map, there was an exploit to get into one of the spawns. To fix that, they just put an invisible wall over the exit, so now half of the exit is unuseable for no apparent reason (but you can't climb into it, at least!).Those are just some (and I'll admit, most egregious) examples of bugs and shoddy fixes that this game has, but I assure you that I can think of many more. But even that's not the entire reason I give this game a thumbs down. The main reason I do this is because blocking is almost entirely broken once you get passed a certain ping ""threshold"". And the reason being is because damage is counted on the client of the ATTACKER instead of the DEFENDER. Meaning that if the attacker hits the defender's mesh before the defender has told the server that they are blocking, the attack will hit the defender even though the defender blocked the attack. And since one of the most effective ""strats"" in this game is blocking at the last possible moment means that you have to adjust your playstyle depending on the ping and connection of yourself and other players, and even then they'll often hit through your blocks (and probably vice-versa). It's gotten to the point that the game is almost unplayable to me because even with correct technique, skill, and reaction time is meaningless when it comes to being hit.I will admit, though, that I only started noticing this around 700-800 hours into the game, so perhaps for most people this won't be an issue. But the myriad of other problems, the almost impossible skillgap between beginner and ""average"" (which at this late in the game is level 40 or so), and the many bugs and lack of regard for them means that I can't in good conscience recommend this game to any new player, no matter how much I wish I could.I want to love Chivalry. It has the capability to be my favorite game of all time. But with all the problems that it currently has and always will until the day it dies means that I can't. Chivalry would be incredible if it wasn't so disappointing."
76561198004282144,Recommended,219640,7551877,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,CuNaMo,"Crazy fun medieval fighting game. You get to swing massive swords and chop off people's limbs like the knights of old! Challenging gameplay, but you get used to it surprisingly quickly. Watch some of the gameplay videos and if that looks like fun to you, get it!Edit: Torn Banner (the company that makes this game) has recently released an expansion called ""Deadliest Warrior"" which comes from the television show you may have heard of. It is basically a completely separate game where you can play as samurai, ninja, pirates, spartans, and others! Once again CRAZY FUN!"
,Recommended,219640,21874402,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Germanicus,THEY HAVE THIS GIANTSLAYER SERVER AND THE MORE KILLS YOU GET THE BIGGER YOU BECOMEYEAH DUDE.
,Recommended,219640,33109332,Posted: 1 July,all,GrimSleeper59,this game was released 5 years ago and has a more active player-base than For Honor which literally came out a couple of months ago. GG
,Not Recommended,219640,7915980,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Foe,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is somewhat disappointing.  From the screens and videos, it looks like a wonderful, enjoyable game...but when you actually dive into it, the charm immediately disappears.  Stilted execution of a good idea ruins this game.   The combat is choppy and the maps poorly designed for this type of game.  It boils down to being more of a medieval run-back-and-forth fest than anything even coming close to actual tactics or strategy.  The enjoyment of the game could be fixed if more skill was involved rather than hoping you're clicking at a time when the other person runs into you and the servers decide to not lag."
76561198059918791,Recommended,219640,16111154,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Noolore,Game of Thrones Simulator 2015
76561198056375886,Recommended,219640,16111756,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,JoeInTheTrees,Time To Rekt Some Scrubs ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)  -Morgan MLGMAN
76561198098229578,Recommended,219640,13660347,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,BadlyDrawnFox,Somebody made my head explode with an arrow and then my team mates killed me multiple times... 10/10
76561198084157673,Recommended,219640,8541569,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Rev ☣ Marysballs3OH3,this is an amazing game but it make me rage at times
,Recommended,219640,23051298,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Willie,This game is one of the best games out there on steam :P
,Recommended,219640,12341715,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,NathanPowellx47,People who like these style of games will definetely love this one. So damn realistic and actually quite difficult to pick up. Expect to die a hell of a lot. 8/10
76561198040298199,Not Recommended,219640,18493887,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Theodamus,Balance is simply gone.
76561198051755848,Recommended,219640,20295537,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,K1llKiss,An awesome medieval game that you can play just for fun or to try to be a pro improving your fighting skills and going to tournaments
,Not Recommended,219640,19964178,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,bohne,Filled with ♥♥♥♥ing exploiting arrogant little kids. Stay away or risk getting cancer.
76561198057265563,Not Recommended,219640,19967678,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mantidae,"What a let down, for a game with such a fanbase it is riddled with bugs and unsightly problems. During the tutorial characters had their arms in T poses and some where upside down aswell. then later on in an online match an arrow I shot got lodged in the a stone pillars hitbox that was about 3 metres away. Honestly what a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,14564874,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Catzarias-12,"I recommend it, good graphics and good gameplay engine, of course it is too expensie, but it is very often at low price. So buy it, NOW!"
,Recommended,219640,20215375,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Lev Slav,"Good game, don't know why so many negative reviews on the front page, the game in my opinion is fine. The amount of satisfaction it gives you when you slice someones head off is unbelievable."
76561198001216533,Not Recommended,219640,9975305,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Dr.Askenase,Constant Crashes on every computer i try to play(Schenker XMG A704 i74700mq; Desktop PC with Am3 quad core and gtx 660 oc; Desktop PC with IGP)Still unplayable because of alot bugs and that after nearly 2years after relases!DONT BUY!
,Not Recommended,219640,28510576,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,HELPME,"actuall bad , no campaing , feels like tf2 and only ♥♥♥♥ing multiplayer"
,Recommended,219640,10142555,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Neruh,"Wow, thank you for the free weekend then an update that's gona take me longer than the actual download of the game."
,Recommended,219640,24907709,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,SourceM7,لعبة حرب سيوف بالعصور الوسطةاللعبه فيها مودات كثيرةوكل ماكان عدد اللاعبين اكثر كل مازاد حماس القيمالاوبتمايز لا بأس بهو اشوف اللعبه تستاهل سعر اقل فا انصحكم تشتروها بالتخفيضات8/10
,Not Recommended,219640,29334567,Posted: 18 January,all,ﾌXaℕ,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare aka Autism Simulator.The game requires hundreds and hundreds if not thousands of hours to learn most of ""mechanics"",so if you rekt people around or doing something ""normal like playing"" ... the 95% of the player are ego maniacs and will act like children against you with teamkill, flame, vote kick from the server, harassment of any kind."
76561198068595005,Recommended,219640,13559132,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,wizardishϟ,Chivalry Sucks.
,Not Recommended,219640,12813513,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Dewgong,"Only game I ever regret buying.Like I could go into detail but honestly the game doesn't even deserve that.It just is the only game I wish I never bought, and I got it for five dollars.I mean, I own ♥♥♥♥ing Bad Rats.Seriously."
,Recommended,219640,28594996,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,NanShanker420,this game is called Chivalry: Medieval Warfare
,Not Recommended,219640,30709846,Posted: 24 March,all,James Roll,What's the opposite of hitbox pron? This.
76561198083959392,Not Recommended,219640,13048155,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Hazza10818,"The only reason I bought this game is because it was on offer, beacuse when I looked video of the game it looked quite decent and the graphics looked very good, first of all if you want to get this game you would need a really good computer, also all the easy servers are always full, and it is that laggy that combat is nearly impossible, WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME."
,Recommended,219640,10107455,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Blue oyster boy,Like skyrim but Multiplayer and I'm not good at it.
76561198111144783,Recommended,219640,22374024,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Homeless (len) K,It's fun when you first get the hang of it. To begin with it's a bit hard. but i rate it 9 / 10.One more thing is that this isn't a pay to win game.
,Not Recommended,219640,17238876,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ranosh,way too many casuals ♥♥♥♥ this game way too easy
,Not Recommended,219640,30998639,Posted: 7 April,all,Gnomebo,Helicopter blade simulator.
,Not Recommended,219640,16060852,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,The movie director,"After paying 22,99€ for this game, all i have to say is:1: Terrible graphics.2: Horrible hit registration.3: Disgusting handling4: Pay to win, after paying 22,99€? Yes.5: Almost no customization for your character, and if you want any, you will have to pay for it.6: So when you have paid 22,99€, what do you get? Graphics from 2005, bad handling and no customization for your character. Honestly the worst game i have in my Steam game library."
76561198119544776,Not Recommended,219640,12516649,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,CaruPawb,"This has to be one of the worst games I have ever played in my life. The matchmaking is really unfair when its one level 0 vs 6 level 12s. The controls are super unresponisve and the time it takes for you to hit some one when you swing is, enough time to make a cup of tea. people claim it takes ""skill"" but thats all it is is every one picks knight or archer and double teams you and you die in 2hits from pretty much every weapon in the game. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.I love pvp games but the controls are awfull and the classes are super bias torwards ""who ever spams wins"" and it takes no skill what so ever.Do not buy into the hype the game is broken and feels like it shoud beta only as the game has latency issues and it takes a long time for hits to register.I would give this 3/10 it has alot of work to be a good game and not a meh game"
76561198032281897,Not Recommended,219640,16380010,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,JC Denton,"its had hardly any bug fixs or optimisation since release and the community is now one of the worst ive come across (tking, constant abuse of votekick system, constant insulting etc over chat). it used to be a great game at release and had so much potential but torn banner didnt do anything about it.for a 2012 game, its aged about as well as milk out of the fridge, not reccomended.EDIT: if the game is 90% off and you have never played this before, It can be worth buying at that price as there really is no other game (as far as I know) in this style. depends how desperate you are for a good one!"
,Recommended,219640,9903345,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Dimon,"BAD GAME BAD. Archers they ♥♥♥♥♥ed on me, laughing and making jokes about my mother, then that dude with big hammer came, he was unblockable cuz abusing all the features. Teammates ♥♥♥♥♥ed on me aswell. Thanks."
,Recommended,219640,14213923,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,XD of Hell,20% health. Break line of sight with my enemy. He immediately forgets I exist.Monty Python Simulator 2015
,Recommended,219640,4358113,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Vitok,"Лучшая сетевая игра про сражения рыцарей. Много карт, отличная озвучка персонажей, кастомизация.  Баланс в норме. Боевка что надо, но для проффесиональной игры вам понадобится две дополнительные кнопки на мышке для особых ударов). 10/10Если хочет кто поиграть вместе, или подуэлится добавляйтесь)"
,Recommended,219640,22849917,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Voix,8/10 The only problem i have with this game is that i am unable to unscrew my pummel and truly END HIM RIGHTLY!
,Recommended,219640,28412546,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dan,Fun .
,Recommended,219640,18900283,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,explosivedeer,"This is one of those games you shouldn't take seriously.It's made to be funny. If you can't hear the voice actors, your playing it wrong."
76561198020645304,Recommended,219640,9698715,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Rtouty22,Awesome game.  Sweet melee system.  10/10.
,Recommended,219640,7676094,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,rek,"Fun but around 1.5k hours in, you find out how trashy the game is."
,Not Recommended,219640,8241551,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Trololo,"Well, first, the design of the game is great. Also, the graphics are pretty good for a indie game. Btw, everything is GREAT in the first look. But after a while, you can see all the problems in Chivalry. The amounts of bugs is over 9000. The developers doesn't give a single♥♥♥♥♥♥about the community and they keep changing the mechanics in every single patch! And the community, haha, the community in this game is HORRIBLE! Tryharders, bug abusers, trolls, quiters, laggers in every goddamn direction. Do a favor for your pocket and don't buy this game. I don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,219640,11966383,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,︻デAntiPeeNoiseFederation═,"It's fun game until the ping too high pop out and kick you out of the match!!♥♥♥♥ this racist game,probably know i'm not western people and kick me out 1/10 for this game ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198032834655,Not Recommended,219640,25337396,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,LonelyTandemBiker,"Game is horribly unbalanced. You must either learn to abuse game mechanics and exploit, like everyone else, or be doomed to die constantly while trying to ""play properly"". The community is more toxic than you can imagine and will defend exploits with a furious rage because they've spent so long mastering the broken game mechanics to their advantage. Anyone wanting to play the game as it is advertised needs to stay away, even during sales. The developers have shown no sign of wanting to fix these issues and actively defend them/deny they exist and the game is backed by a small cult following of circle-jerking, exploiting, toxic kiddies who are the only playerbase left, guaranteeing change will never come.Do not buy unless something significant happens to change all of the above. I loved this game once, but it is dead to me now and only playable with friends.Up and coming indie title named Mordhau shows a lot of progress, but it could be a long wait."
76561198066608801,Not Recommended,219640,24644301,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Steezus Christ,this game is crappy
,Recommended,219640,10999873,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Sac_de_Ballons,"I'm going to review two good Chivalry games for you because I recommend them both :).Chivalry: Medieval WarfareChivalry, slice anyone's head off. Shoot giant arrows into someone's butt. And get a rewarding head explosion when you kill someone with your fists. It's all here in Chivalry.This game is fun to play, much variety, and a lot of action.But, chivalry has his ups and downs.Pros:+++ You have THIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIS much variety. yeah a lot.+++ Team Objective is sooooooooooooooooo epic. :D++ The maps are fun and big++ The combat system is basic but still you're gonne be suprised about other people's tactics++ Every class has his own thing to do+ The customisation is fun but not really that much to equip/unequip.+ In all the maps you can find a lot of things that can be used like rock slings.+/- The Classes aren't balanced that well, but sure playableCons:- A few bugs you experience through the game are annoying, but there are very few of them.- Some times you play a map too much and it will get boring eventually.Verdict:This game is a big recommend for people who are interested in first person combat (it can be set to 3th person).Sure, Chivalry has some few bugs and some weapons aren't balanced well, but this is a great expierence. I even recommend you the full Chivalry pack. ( Chivalry: Medieval Warfare + Chivalry: Deadliest warrior which i will talk about in a few seconds)So I give this game a good rewarding 8.7/10Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior.Play as history's greatest warriors. Throw long spears like a Spartan. Stab in someone's back like a Ninja. And die with honor for your family like a Samurai. It's all here to be played.But it has his Cons and Pros.Pros:++++ The combat even got better with more chaos++++ The new unlocking system got better with individual levels.+++ The Customisation got upgraded, you can now unlock hats!... HAAAAAAAAAAAAAATS!!!!!!!! (Seriously it's good)+++ You now have 6 classes instead of 4 with all an unique thing to do.++ You can be drunk a drunk pirate :D.++ More maps.+ A new gamemode called Plant the Banner+ More everything.+/- a return of Medieval Warfare's map called Moor (not really a fan of it)Cons:--- Where's the team objective game mode? :((((((((((-- The Spartans and Vikings are a bit Overpowerd which many people don't seem to like- Some blocking bugs but you'll get used to itVerdict:Chivalry: Deadliest warrior is like a whole new game, so do i recommend it? Well, HECK YEAH, but you do need the normal game for it. So, the deadliest warrior offers more variety for less balance. Yeah it's annoying when you get a spear through your head from a Spartan but you'll grow over it.So i give this DLC (whole new game) a 9/10.So if you doubt pressing that ""buy"" button. Click it now before i change my mind about this game.Have fun with this game and don't forget to play the training."
76561198120273486,Recommended,219640,16264419,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,weeb,Finally a first person game where I can look at my feet lol10/10 would admire feet again
76561198261351957,Not Recommended,219640,22838141,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Woolies Homebrand,"Day 1- Join a random game of duel.- Run around beheading people.- Gets threatened to be kicked.- Still doesn't understand.- continuously kills players.*gets kicked*Cry and plays tf2Day 2- After 3 weeks, decides to play again.- Joins an objectives server.- Gets killed repetitively by archer and light soldiers- Tries archer. Misses every shot until you kill one person.- You feel that you accomplished everything until you get decapitated, lose the match, team says you suck.Cry and plays tf2.Day 10- Getting pretty good at this.- Gets a few kills without dying.- Feel proud.- Sees everyone getting massacred by a Santa Claus and you see him coming towards you. You charge towards him, he blocks, you swing, he blocks then decapitates you.- This happens 5 times in a row. Everyone keeps getting killed by Santa Claus and you try to run from him but you get killed anyway.- Rage quit and never play again- UninstallDoesn't cry and play tf2."
,Recommended,219640,8627328,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Kino,"This game has tons of potential. sadly however, very little of it will ever be realized. the game concept was wonderful and fun. however the people managing it are horrid, there are many bugs that ruin the experiance. The patches only bring pointless new things like a new (crappy) launcher, helmets (you must buy) a new dlc (also buy) which has a lot of bugs too. Rather then fixing the bugs that they are LOSING PLAYERS to.I would only recommend getting this game if you have friends to play with or its dirt cheap on a sale"
,Not Recommended,219640,8160402,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,The McChicken,Was there ever a more unrealistic game?
,Recommended,219640,12713983,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mauldini,Best game of all time.
76561198091669962,Recommended,219640,18594606,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mr. J,RidonkulousTM:I'm glad I got this♥♥♥♥♥♥game for ♥♥♥♥ing freeRidonkulousTM:you kids are ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ RidonkulousTM has now abondoned the battle8/8 m8 -IGN
,Recommended,219640,30781113,Posted: 27 March,all,DarkLuxray,I killed someone from behind and got told I had no honour.Would recommend.
,Not Recommended,219640,30917594,Posted: 3 April,all,Gonzo,Dont Pay
,Not Recommended,219640,10139731,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Auberginemeister,This game is very good. 2/10
76561198018668672,Recommended,219640,22713549,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,xd,"Eh, I played it a couple of times. Could take it or leave it."
,Recommended,219640,1342502,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Drunken Monkey,"King Richard the Lionheart once said ""To be the man, you gotta beat the man"" and this is no more evident than in the bloody and violent world of Chivalry. You play the role of a tanner's son, Jacob ""Ripper"" Johnson. Your home has been ransacked by the evil Agathan Order and as a Mason Knight you must earn your revenge any way possible. With high quality voice acting from Cedric the Entertainer, Flava Flav and Jet Li, the narrative is fuelled in a thrilling fashion with the plot going one way and then the other keeping the viewer guessing at every turn."
,Not Recommended,219640,8036036,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Clamo,its an interesting concept but i find that a round of medieval mode in tf2 is better and less clunky than this swing and hope i hit game.
,Recommended,219640,9286434,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,MonacledPotato,and who said chivalrywas dead 12/10
76561198079338851,Recommended,219640,8001308,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Pancake,Favorite game
76561197997828517,Recommended,219640,8350749,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sir Piecemaker,"I will keep it simple. What you are getting here is probably the best meele combat game you will ever play. The weight and feel of the fighting is unmatched. The games looks very pretty, has great soundtrack, and will provide you with tons of fun, plus some free updates.Get. This. Game."
,Recommended,219640,6964046,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,Kelsifer,"Awesome fantasy FPS, has some general bugs but the game is worth picking up. i play the hell out of it!!!"
,Recommended,219640,7803499,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Islandshadows88,"Best sword fighting ever. If you are tired of shooting rifles, give this game a try, you won't regret it."
76561198034890089,Recommended,219640,7820509,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Meno.pauseOneTwoThree,Glorious...just ♥♥♥♥ing glorious.
,Recommended,219640,4188545,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Fo,I lowered the resoulution and the chat got very big.
76561198135745228,Not Recommended,219640,24186627,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jelly Toast!,"Game is garbage and I'll tell you why: devs never fix anything. They've practically abandoned this game in favor of their new garbage upcoming 'magical warfare' nonsense. Used to be good, now the devs don't care.░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Chivalry▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
76561198024296666,Not Recommended,219640,12575897,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,xYEDx,what a cruel world... No need to play unless its free to play :)
,Not Recommended,219640,16379453,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Avatar Buscemi,gave my family terminal cancer
76561198072954765,Recommended,219640,28854821,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Virginia,"This game is great for anybody looking to play with their wife's boyfriend. This game allows him to cut your dong off and feed it to you like he feeds his own sausage to your wife everyday. This game can't help but  bring out your inner cuck as you realize how cool and alpha Chad is after slaying filthy heathens left, right, and centre, a striking resemblance of how he slays poon and your wife haha.I want to die."
,Not Recommended,219640,17619009,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Roman,garbage
,Recommended,219640,7876291,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Movie,PRAISE THE GODDAMN SUN*beats you to death in sword fight using only fists*NAH MAN ITS LEGIT.
76561198000186344,Not Recommended,219640,7785532,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ihatespam1234,avoid like herpes
76561197998975316,Not Recommended,219640,20814629,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Jessica,Bad
,Recommended,219640,10078568,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Qu4nity,"Very realistic Medieval Warfare game. If you like knifing battles in counterstrike, you will like this game. Play with your friends and you will have halirious moments. goodluck."
,Recommended,219640,10080175,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,8ncB8e2pjEQ,Kill! Burn!Waste the wenches!Hark the herald!The king wants blood!
76561198045648963,Recommended,219640,8546437,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Vicccious,"This game is fun, but simplistic. Worth $5, definitely not $25. There isn't enough to it to warrant anything above the low amount I spent.You run around in Medieval times and stab/dismember others. It's good for casual fun, nothing more. Dueling is fun, when you actually get a chance to dual. Servers are lively. Learning curve is fairly easy, just watch out fo lamers. Lots of lamers in this game. You have no idea.Enjoy! Ha. :P"
76561198122649873,Recommended,219640,10044580,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Mattbuchan2,i like killing people
,Not Recommended,219640,16049494,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,The girl with the Torment Tattoo,I found this game tedious and dull and not worth playing for very long.
,Recommended,219640,9982902,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,stain,I thought this was a cooking game. I wasn't dissapointed
,Recommended,219640,8908653,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Nyrakav,"Roses are red, Violets are f**king purpleI have a hammerso do other people12/7"
,Recommended,219640,13994226,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Vern,"One of the best games I've ever played 10/10, like battlefield except with swords"
76561197968945836,Not Recommended,219640,336326,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,bird2jet,"Holy Hell buy this game! It has it's warts, such as emotes that sound like Chris Farley in the bathroom, but I've been waiting years for it! First Person Melee with great visuals and the gameplay/combat is so fun you will find yourself swaying in your chair to the swing of the weapons in-game, hilariously fun game."
,Not Recommended,219640,15742279,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Sánta,"This is the most ridiculous game I've ever seen. Amazing concept and playing it for the 1st time was an extremely unique experience. The graphics are great, sounds are great, the details are breathtaking. Playing on a lvl.15 max server was great, I could learn easily the basics, get familiar with every classes and you could slowly get better and better. Then as you reach lvl. 16 the game just stops holing your hand and throws you into a deep water with sharks in it. There aren't level limitations anymore and you'll end up in matches where 50% of the players are at least above lvl.40. And you can't do anything against them they'll just♥♥♥♥♥♥you, they use techniques you've never seen before and mastering them would be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ No matter what class you play. Playing in a team doesn't help either, getting gangbanged in a 5 vs. 1 is everyday and even if you manage to hold your own in a 1v1 you'll end up being backstabbed soon. I tried to play on duel servers so I could learn how to hold my own against 1 guy. I hoped people would be helpful too. Well I was wrong. High level players don't give a damn about you they just♥♥♥♥♥♥you, laugh at you, call you noob and teabag you. Even if you ask for help they ignore you. Watching videos helped me some but it still won't make me a better player only practce does...well I was trying to practice for ~20 hours and I had enough. My opponets can make the most wierd moves I've ever seen and they'll hit you no matter you block, hold a shield or dodge...sometimes it feel like cheating, when the knight swings his 2 handed heavy sword faser than I do my nosesword with a MAA or my opponent doesn't even look at my direction but he still stabs me with his spear. Maybe if I sacrificed more of my time I'd get better slowly but I won't. I gave up, I barely had fun in the past 20 hours after I leveld up to lvl. 16. Getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by nerds is not a fun gameplay especially if in the end they just laugh at you."
76561198045593622,Not Recommended,219640,24446400,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ping-999,How much time you need to swing a weapon? A CENTURY! It's just TOOOoooooo SLOW!And this game has no horses.10/10 Would play Mount & Blade instead.
,Recommended,219640,12799867,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,VVal Doe,Balls covered in steel!
76561198146238086,Not Recommended,219640,25986494,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Dusty,"Save your money on this game. For one it's almost dead and the developers are busy on a new game, save for that one. Second, the skill level is too high to get into now.Don't get me wrong I enjoy the game, I would just not recommend buying it at this late a stage of the game.You could still pick it up on sale for a couple of hours of entertainment."
76561198044914221,Not Recommended,219640,5087666,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,sneezy Mike,"♥♥♥♥ this game I can't even start up the launcher without Torn Banner's other♥♥♥♥♥♥game being shoved down my throat. No ♥♥♥♥ing matchmaking no basic storyline other than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""training"" mission. Everyone that you play is already a level 60 and has already killed you two or three times and there's only ♥♥♥♥ing 5 game modes. I was lucky enough to get it on sale for 6.99 but seriously anything more than that is just not worth it. Gameplay is awful, lips are not synced, and even TB pronounced this ♥♥♥♥er dead because they made their new game which is still an eyesore. they've had four individual updates deciding on what their ♥♥♥♥ing Name Icon should ♥♥♥♥ing look like. Also when you start this one up after seemingly endless amounts of ads on their new game, there's some ♥♥♥♥ing LOUD AS♥♥♥♥♥♥red logo that pops up (most likely Square Enix) right before TB's intro. You can't turn that♥♥♥♥♥♥down. One last thing, the customization so ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and unorganized. You can edit your playermodel to have different colors and icons on the armor. But what's the point of diong that if both teams CAN SHARE THE ♥♥♥♥ING SAME COLOR? I got kicked three times just for accidentally killing a player on my team whom was wearing red when I was on blue. What the ♥♥♥♥? Seriously this game and TB's other♥♥♥♥♥♥is not worth more than $7.00, please don't buy this.Also had to go to Steam twice over the startup sequence crashing."
76561198207836988,Not Recommended,219640,15357587,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Cap'n Jack Sparrow,"Loaded up Chivalry, went to a duel server, lvl 40 360 satanic possession autistic knight turned into a helicopter. Alt f4, uninstall, delete."
,Not Recommended,219640,20925152,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Kay,"It's pretty fun with playing with friends, but I can't bring myself to reccomend it due to its ""Hardcore"" crowd. The Devs allow a glitch that completely breaks balance and haven't patched it out at all since the start of the game. I'll change my review if they ever fix it, because 75% of all ""Hardcore"" players one-hit you by breaking their playermodel's spine and spinning around like Mary Poppins in a hurricane and then respond with ""noob""."
,Not Recommended,219640,13047594,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Gondola Gause,"Could be a good game, but try to find a server not full of overcompensating under♥♥♥♥ed kids abusing kickvotes and admin rights. Cheatmania like a f2p but Valve™ sanctioned."
,Not Recommended,219640,28965007,Posted: 2 January,all,Kaiser_Randall,"Really bad combat mechanics. 2/10 game, glad I only spent $2 on it."
76561198042307005,Not Recommended,219640,23568349,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Ben Dover,"Used to be good, now we have a bunch of clowns swordfighting and they are releasing a chivalry with magic? F that."
,Recommended,219640,23442045,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Falcon Took a Bath,"So chivalry, the meme of all memes in my library. This game is a game about fighting with swords and various other medieval weapons. This game isnot realistic. This game's high level gameplay consists of manoevres which would break a real person's spine in 3 places instantly. It also has features like being able to control your attacks in real time, which means you can slow your attack down so it hits an opponent with the momentum of a dust particle landing on a pillow, but it does the same damage as when you smite them with the might of a thousand suns. However, the game, once you get to grips with its basic mechanics, is extremely fun in my opinion. While not realistic, the gameplay allows for a very high skill cap, with challenging and rewarding (satisfaction wise) duels, if both sides know what they're doing. The community for this game is quite small, but verytoxicvocal and amusing. If you play a lot you will start to recognise a lot of the names, and make some friends. Sometimes the chat and people are so fun to talk to that it's worth bearing bad game modes for. Anyway, here are some things about the gameThe good..Easy to learn, butextremelydifficult to master combat system. (Definitely not realistic though)Several game modes, from pvp (the majority) to some Pve horde mode stuff.Plenty of modded servers with fun mods like star wars and lightsabres mods, and steam workshop support.Full of hilarious people and memes. (only hilarious if you're not a sjw)4 distinct classes, about 50 different weapons overallGood voice actingThe bad...Basically non existent developers. Exploitable, but not gamebreaking bugs are quite common and will probably never be fixed.Very difficult to get into at first. Although you will get to grips with the combat quickly, you will still die a lot.Not too well optimised. I get a solid 120 fps most of the time, but it can drop quite a lot. Also locked to 60 by default and you have to mess around with files to unlock it.Overall, I find this game extremely fun and filled with some of the spiciest tones of irony, great with friends, and fun for the whole family. On♥♥♥♥♥you can get it for like £2, so what's not to love..9/10Shout out to the CATBUG FAN CLUB boi boi boi boi boi boi boi boi... Come there for some spicy memes about our lord and saviour C A T B U G. (Highest skilled admin EU xddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd :B1:)"
76561198045048761,Recommended,219640,20479784,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Linker44,"Get penetrated by not 1, not 2 but 15 enemy swords while your team struggles to kill themselves with the magic of friendlyfire..10/10 would get gangbanged again."
76561198063120368,Recommended,219640,22985796,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Daddyflapjacks,"While the community is the Sunday morning equivalent of shoving a hot cup of tea down my♥♥♥♥♥cavity, gameplay is fluid and a blast to play....10/10 would shove hot tea in my♥♥♥♥♥again"
76561197970435474,Recommended,219640,7773723,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Vargas78,Good game but it's bloody hard. Especially if you dont want to end up whacking a buddy by accident. Decent violent fun though 8/10
,Recommended,219640,10138480,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,DEDLICHEDLI,Great game! and the Deadliest Warrior dlc is so much fun.
76561198054599338,Recommended,219640,10152684,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Turbinater,A teamate attacked me.. I put him down like the dog he is. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,1093309,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,Whiffy M.D.,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADI ORDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFOR AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAROOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Not Recommended,219640,34830503,Posted: 8 September,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Multiplayer Based (12+ Gigs)Additional Tags: Delete Local Content  & Remove from LibraryNuanced, complex and interesting melee and siege multiplayer based game. Dated and with a high learning curve. Removed for declutter. Multiplayer only based games have a very short shelf life and I am not going to invest of myself into a fanchise that is this far gone.The spiritual sequel to this: MirageHas been given for free for a day to steam user, I tried it and did not like it very much. Franchise just turned into cs go with warhammers, swords and little spells"
76561198147811349,Not Recommended,219640,34740026,Posted: 4 September,all,SER | Sluggerguy2,Dead gameMordhau wen
,Recommended,219640,14063562,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ֆℱ | pizza girl,"a sickass medieval hack and slash multiplayer game, 10/10make sure you go lmb spam zwei"
76561198107953610,Recommended,219640,11482079,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Dean R.C,good but gets boring
,Recommended,219640,10326607,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Liquid Crystal Disease,Wow. Much gore.
76561198030934719,Recommended,219640,8151998,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,blugill,"A fast-paced, arm-choping, bloody good time."
76561198085185252,Not Recommended,219640,19975608,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Scary Cow,"Not worth the 2.49 i paid for it,"
,Recommended,219640,8232406,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Flak.es,"Spend a couple hours playing this multiplayer game and I'm sold. The medieval close combat and bash each other in the head with clubs is just an great idea. Combat is all about precision timing, and you need to know when to block and strike back as hard as you can when you opponent move is on a cooldown. Dualing a player is such an rush, most of the time I'm clapping my hands when a player beats my♥♥♥♥♥fair and square but don't get fooled when a player tell you that archery is for people with no skills. It's pretty hard to aim from such distance, only 20 arrows in your quiver and close combat as an archery is all relying on speed and your mighty sword. Knights however .... just kidding it's a cool class too. Battles doesnt take more than 15 minutes of your time and battling together side by side working towards the goal is just mind blowing. But let me ask you this, imagine yourself standing alone in a big battlefield and you see your oppenent on the horizon what will you do? Chivalry: Medieval Warfare and Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior is a very awesome multiplayer game with epic battles suitable for hardcore and casual gamers. Still not convinced into buying this game? What if I tell you that this game has ninjas and pirates?I'll fight, till from my bones my flesh be hacked.- Shakespeare, Macbeth, v, 3"
,Not Recommended,219640,10689196,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AT,n
76561198027911732,Recommended,219640,11736692,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Mynameisjeff,Best game on the market
,Recommended,219640,20618135,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Blobex,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Not Recommended,219640,13577992,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Abram Volkov,game is unfinishedmost broken peice of shhit game ive ever played
76561197982626228,Recommended,219640,10824887,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Vincent Adultman,Ballin'
,Recommended,219640,23802395,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,plore,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ัส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์
,Recommended,219640,7040074,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,CowShareSky,МЕГА-ЭКШЕНОВО-КРОВО-МЯСНАЯ ИГРА!!! Вем советую!!!
76561198202770931,Not Recommended,219640,18031974,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Hennessy,:(
,Recommended,219640,10646744,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PHAT PUGA,Full blown gangsta
,Recommended,219640,11384958,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Googis,0/10 no boobs.
76561197978301656,Recommended,219640,11514396,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,SHE9-RA7E-T6NS,I JUST BUY THIS AND IT GOES ON SALE WTF
,Recommended,219640,18173065,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,FrostCat,swords
,Not Recommended,219640,19326050,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Esesa,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing bad.
,Recommended,219640,23380934,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,riz,chivalry is ok
,Recommended,219640,26677272,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Alex,Hey...Thats pretty good dx
76561198118892682,Recommended,219640,8198991,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Pikvis,It's a fun game
,Recommended,219640,8223593,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kronk,Great game. There's nothing like fighting face to face !
76561198069134044,Recommended,219640,8239720,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SedExcel,fun
,Not Recommended,219640,22878628,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Questionable Ethics,"An OK game that gets ruined by its really stupid ranking sytem and spin boting. No I am not very good, and because I am not very good I assume that I would get a chance to play with the noobs in the noob severs, and those noob severers are really fun, but once you have played for 10 + hours, its GG because how ever good or bad you are, its a ♥♥♥♥ you, you are rank 16 now, you get shity modded severs with 1000 + hours ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and spin botters that can 1 vs 6 people by spinning really fast on the spot swinging their weapons, and really salty over competitive people, that LITRALY kick you for hitting them ONCE. If they had a ranking system based on how good you are, I would find iot really fun, because I could play with other really♥♥♥♥♥♥people, and if the game had more offical servers, that would be nice also. The core game is ok, but the company that makes it need to work harded on making a better ranking system and more officical servers."
76561198082110477,Recommended,219640,8361686,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Rain 雨 嵐,Very fun to play with your friends i love how differant it is from other games
76561198056361875,Not Recommended,219640,18562316,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Jon2Bon,Broken game
,Recommended,219640,14730066,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Biscuit,:)
,Recommended,219640,13019326,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Tom Phelps,haha team killing is top kek r8 8/8 gr8 b8 m8 #TopNotchBanter
,Recommended,219640,7993526,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Pogi,"Great game. In style as TF2, but much more realistic and ocourse, Medieval"
76561198017321479,Recommended,219640,8268713,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mocaris,"Very addicting game, combat is fluid and fun, It may not be appealing to all, but its a good game."
,Recommended,219640,10336415,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,WaxHead Jed,"This game is mostly screaming. If you're the sort of person who gets bothered when a team-mate accidentally swings a mace into your skull, this game is not for you."
,Recommended,219640,11514019,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,sugary,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198120463744,Recommended,219640,15219081,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Remove_Kebab,"A fellow was kicking the shiz out of us. So I changed teams at the beginning of a new round, kicked that guy, he kicked me back so I vote kicked him for 100% team damage ^^.  Would play again m7+1."
,Not Recommended,219640,7962957,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Lorhig,"It's fun and all until every time you join the game it demotes you back a few ranks. If you buy it, get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,219640,7965224,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,sokramm,"game bugged and has not been fixed for months, waste of money!"
,Recommended,219640,8118731,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Seiyorah,"Chivalry started out as a hack and slash game for me, but turned into what is now a far more skillful game. Knowing your surroundings and having great timing is required to survive for long. The moment you go on a 9 kill streak is the moment your adrenaline is rushing and you do not want to move your hands away from your kb/m.My rating? 9/10. 1 point reduction for the lack of variety once you have played for a long time."
76561198024881176,Not Recommended,219640,12737389,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,johbowfor,I used to love this game. I had fun until I went to the high level servers where everyone exploits the animations and combat to get a cheap kill.
76561198055996589,Not Recommended,219640,15870311,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Anarchy,♥♥♥♥♥game is♥♥♥♥♥♥gets hit once spends 10 years in a hit stun 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,219640,7423223,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,INC,"So this game brings you back to the brutal medieval times. But also comes with plenty of fun and gorefests. All the more all the better! The team play is very good. The grahpics are very good! And the game it self is very fun. Kill people with brutal weapons to unlock even more! Murder pheasants, burn down buildings, burn people alive, slice people's heads off. And with deadliest warrior coming out soon. You will see even more brutality. More warriors, weapons, maps, objectives. This game is an amazing rpg, indie game. And ofc with the soon coming DLC even more amazing! I highly recommend this for you if you enjoy gorefests or like the old medieval times!"
,Recommended,219640,16092435,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,PepeFrog,"Overall a great time waster.  Giant mode is fun, but taunting your opponents and LMB spamming for hours on end in normal vanilla is just as good as the mods."
,Recommended,219640,8239718,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,carrot,it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy it.
,Recommended,219640,8245285,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dunking Doughnuts,"This game is a ton of fun to play; it has well balanced gameplay and an almost humorous styling. The community seems nice most of the time. The game is pretty easy to get used to, so you won't have to spend a ton of time feeling like a useless noob."
76561198056114453,Recommended,219640,8184037,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,K R O K O D I L D O,"Awesome gameplay, brutal fast combat with cut off heads and hands =)BUT THIS F***ING ERROR CRASH WHEN NEW LEVEL LOADING IS BLOWING MY MIND!!!"
,Recommended,219640,8167890,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Fuck me and my horse!,I like cats! My cat is called Sofus!
76561198116031383,Recommended,219640,8155805,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dr_Snugglepants,"Mad skillz bruh! Totes used my #yoloswag heavy flail'd your face in Braveheart styles!Whats that? you like being on fire? throw some oil pots at your feet watch you burnin up in hurr! the roof is on fire!Spoonin' leads to forking you to death with my pitchfork! side salad with that?!feelin' like my man #David when he knocked #Goliath's block off with his mad Sling skillz!  #youjellybruh?!I'm in your base! trollin' your drinkin' water with dead bodies! #britafilter#Maximus up in your arena, mad spikin' your gladiators! #commodusblowgoatsCut your arms and legs off!! #I'vehadworse!Also, there's archers."
,Recommended,219640,8147856,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Barry,No! My Lord.
,Not Recommended,219640,29840431,Posted: 10 February,all,ScTiger,"Feels dated and crappy. Awesome concept, poor production quality."
76561198124861962,Not Recommended,219640,18133720,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Violent_Semen_Inferno,"Im not going to lie i had allot of fun with this and i still sometimes play but the game itself has gone downhill.They added mechanics to the game that make the game more fun on a competetive side but destroy any kind of realism this game once had.These mechanics is what divides the low leveled players and the higher leveled players the problem is however how easy they are too learn while also beeing very very strong.weapons got 3 strong pointsthe first point would be damage the second point would be speed and the third would be range.some weapons will do massive damage however they are slow but thanks to these mechanics speed has become somewhat irrelevant as any weapon can be quite fast.pro'sCan be allot of fun once you can get the hang of itIs often in saleEnough variety in modes you can playAllot of fun to just♥♥♥♥♥♥around in aswellfree basic cosmetic (colours)also paid cosmetic (different looking suit/sword)consnew players will get destroyed once they leave there low level servers or if those are full.new players tend to do allot of teamdamage as they dont understand what strike to use in crowded fights.archers can be annoying though a shield will give you allot of protection against arrows or just run in a weird pattern,the mechancics really allow some weapons to just become very op.the mechanics also make no sense realistic wise i understand its a game but when i see a knight do a 360 so hes strikes has more speed kinda ruins it for me.Conclusion: This game is worth it while it is in sale wich it luckily often is however if you want to be able to keepup with the higher levels you will need to learn how to use these mechanics and practice them.But even after that u will still get destroyed some more than others depending on ur own skill and the weapon as some weapons are just much better than others *cough* maul *cough*this game is far from balanced but worth it if it is in sale.It is though allot of fun to just♥♥♥♥♥♥around wich i find myself doing 80% as when i try i just end up raging on how the game has become."
,Recommended,219640,11600036,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Orlag | 美学,"A little weird, glitched, but its really amazing, 9/10"
76561198139183035,Not Recommended,219640,33313036,Posted: 6 July,all,coskunersoft,"i have imac 27'' late 2015 , i3 3.2 ghz ,  Amd readon r9 2gb , 8 gb memory , i am playing 5fps nice optimization"
,Recommended,219640,12422366,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Coconut Cream,Flumpy game mechanics but there is a high skill ceiling to the combat.
,Not Recommended,219640,13789663,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Lancerr11,"After playing 5 hours and trying not to admit it .. I think it is time ..This game is not worth the money . Not when it's at full price , with %50 discount , or even %75 discount .Pros :+Uggh .. Umm .. Err ..Cons :-Only 4 classes to choose from .-Customization is very limited , some cosmetics cost even more than the game ..-Terrible,terrible community ( I saw a kid trying to bang someonesDADtoday.-Combat is realistic for some , not for me . Even mount&Blade has a better combat than this game .Honestly , give me down votes as much as you want , this game was not worthmymoney . If you want to buy it , buy it ... But DO NOT buy it at full price ."
,Recommended,219640,9965774,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Adam Wright,"This game in unoptimized and every week I get a 600mb update, it is the most annoying thing ever. Would not recomend for £18.99."
,Not Recommended,219640,11579041,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Arrakis,it's good for a few hours until you realize that medieval warfare didn't consist of knights swinging any weapon at the speed equivalent of a kid with cerebral palsy trying to give a girl an ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,219640,16589621,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dom,"It's only a multiplayer... Looks like CS but with swords and so on. I've only plaied the tutorial and nothing more, because it's a bit plain for my expectations."
,Recommended,219640,4954088,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Kachowth,"''CHAAAAAARGE'' *Killed the man and smashed the head till it exploded, teabagged the corpse.Shot an ballista bolt on a guy and the corpse got inside the wall.Got an arrow through my head and it fell off.Will charge again. 11/10"
76561198056717898,Recommended,219640,13356268,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Thatches,10/10 Would charge for Agatha again.
76561198018238823,Recommended,219640,13305741,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,►VoidNull◄,"At the beginning I didn't figure out how to customise my men, whenever I open customise menu to change my stuff it was always saying that they are locked! then one day in character select screen I figured out how to do it..Duhh. It is all about the timing :) yes if you want to kill someone before die timing is so so important, if you swing your weapon like a crazy you are death..I love this game at all speacially screaming part when they scream I scream too :P"
76561198146880051,Recommended,219640,13324286,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Rotars,The most fun I've had in a game for a long time. Brutally difficult at times but so worth it when you're the one decapitating scrubs with ease. Strongly recommend
,Recommended,219640,13348492,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,:Thinking:,cool game i recomend buying it
,Recommended,219640,9631222,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,An-D,"Source(This is specifically about the Deadliest Warrior DLC.)Pirate vs. Ninja? Knight vs. Viking? Spartan vs. Samurai? Astronaut vs. Caveman? You'd be hard-pressed to find someone that hadn't at one point engaged in the pointless discussion of ""Who would win?"" out of two seemingly equivalent groups. It's a fun and addicting conversation, but it ultimately leads to nothing except frustration. That is a feeling that Torn Banners managed to accomplish with the ""Deadliest Warrior"" DLC for its ""Chivalry: Medieval Warfare"" game. While may not quite quite have cavemen and astronauts yet (though points to you if you got the reference), the other factions do make a grand appearance.If you're unfamiliar with ""Chivalry: Medieval Warfare,"" which is the base game for this DLC, it is essentially a ""Counterstrike""-esque death match game between two opposing medieval forces. The game varies from straight team deathmatches to more complicated game modes involving objectives (essentially various capture/defend scenarios). While that seems rather standard, what sets ""Chivalry"" apart from other games in the genre is how beautiful the game looks all the while maintaining an air of silliness.The ""Deadliest Warrior"" DLC acts as a separate game from the title ""Chivalry"" (though the base game is still required to play) and introduces six factions: knights, vikings, Spartans, samurai, ninjas, and pirates. You start out in each faction using the most basic equipment, but as you practice and rack up experience, you have the ability to unlock the faction's more advanced weapons. You are also able to unlock different accessories, but these just provide a custom appearance and does not award the player with special bonuses.""Deadliest Warrior"" differs from ""Chivalry"" in that it does not have special story maps/missions. Each game is a deathmatch with a wide variety of scenarios; sometimes its a free-for-all while other times it is a team deathmatch. Sometimes it divides the players into faction vs factions matches, limiting choice but providing a more stable sense of balance.Each game itself is very frantic and exciting. People (especially those new to the game) sprint towards their opponents, spamming the war-cry button (""C"" if you're interested), and then it's mostly a LMB fest. Sure, sometimes people use their ranged weapons or use the other attacks besides whatever their primary attack is, but what you'll see 80 percent of the time is people spinning around enemies hitting the LMB and then complaining that that is all anyone ever does. You can't argue with results, though. The game does a great job of making combat very satisfying. You can stop off heads and limbs. Arrows and spears stick into people's bodies. Finishing blows can leave deep gashes that expose bone, muscle, and blood.The different levels of the game each have their own stylized beauty to them - not nearly to the level that the base ""Chivalry"" game has, but they come close. The Spartan level, for instance, has an impossibly deep well (ala the movie ""300""), into which you can kick foes that aren't paying attention to their environment. The pirate level has cannons that you can hit and fire. The Japan level has spike traps placed at certain key points. Just about every map has something special to it to make the game just a little more diverse and frenetic.Each faction has different strengths and weaknesses that provide an extra level of strategy to the typical LMB fest that makes up most combat. The knights, for instance, are slow but heavily armored, allowing them to take a lot of punishment before going down. Pirates have access to guns and can drink rum to restore their health (at the cost of getting drunk). Ninjas are fast and run silently, giving them the opportunity to sneak up on people. Samurai and Spartans are both armored, have access to ranged weapons (bows and spears, respectively), and maintain a decent movement speed.Vikings are my favorite class in the game. While when dual wielding, they can get into a combo in which their attack speed becomes faster and faster until they either run out of targets or exhaust themselves. That is not my favorite part, however. My favorite bit is the viking's ability to throw ALL of their gear. Swords, hammers, axes and even their shield can suddenly become a ranged weapon until the viking is left with nothing but their fists to attack their opponents. One of my favorite memories of the game is when I was charging three samurai on a staircase. They were shooting arrows at me, and I was dodging while I advanced. One steped forward to meet me, drawing his katana. I responded by throwing my shield Captain America-style right at his face, which made his head explode. I celebrated by spamming the war-cry button (as you do) and then being sliced to death by the remaining samurai that expertly outmaneuvered me. I died, but seeing that first swordsman's head erupt into goo was just too fantastic.""Deadliest Warrior"" is filled with those types of experiences that keep you coming back to the game despite the little bugs and often frustrating matchups. As a pirate, I've thrown a bottle of burning grog and lit a group of ninjas on fire. As a Spartan, I've ""THIS IS SPARTA"" kicked a dumb knight into the well on the Greek level. As a knight, I've swung my mace and exploded two viking skulls. The game is still fairly new and has its share of issues, but it also has tremendous potential to grow into something as polished as the base ""Chivalry"" game. And if it continues to follow the footsteps of the ""Deadliest Warrior"" TV show, then there is definitely a chance that we'll see more factions added to the game (Shaolin monks? Maori? Zulu warriors?), which will only add to the insane experience that make the game so memorable.Currently, ""Deadliest Warrior"" is available on Steam, but in my opinion as a fan of the game, it is also a little too pricey for what the game is right now. I recommend keeping an eye on the game and waiting for a sale to snag it. It doesn't look like much, but I was definitely surprised at how addicted I became to it. It has a long way to go before looking as polished as the base game of Chivalry looks, but even as it is now, the game is a great deal of silly fun and if you like unlikely matchups, you should definitely give 'Deadliest Warrior' a chance.Pros: Just....fun, Interesting matchups, Definite room for growth, A lot of replay-ability , Decent level up/unlockable systemCons: Buggy hitbox, Lag feels like a constant issue, More character customization would be appreciated, Could use more interesting game types6/10"
,Recommended,219640,8155252,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Peebius Plebius,screenshot #3
,Recommended,219640,8169179,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Gyzerpirate,"This game has some of the best melee combat since Dark Messiah! If that's what you love, then get this game! :)"
76561198050578647,Recommended,219640,8148842,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,NIPPELROCHEN,its great
76561197961875807,Recommended,219640,8159922,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,tUrBo_MaN,yes just buy it.
,Recommended,219640,8602140,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,A3,"Alright, Chivalry is intense! Up to 32 vs 32 in a huge battle to kill the King!The first person view puts you right into the action as you fight alongside your comrades, to the death! The servers run very smooth, and it is a one time purchase to play. There is no single player mode, so get this game only if you like to compete for rank. There is much to this game that makes it so awesome, for instance, if you like the thought of medieval war, where you cry a fearsome roar in the heat of battle, right before you chop your enemies head off, while being bombarded with arrows from enemies and protecting your team, then you will like this game as much as I do.The classes can be customized with different weapon types, and every player can be different. The game modes are: Team Objective, Team Deathmatch, FFA, Duel, Last Team Standing and King of the Hill. So every match is different, and as you start to learn how to kick♥♥♥♥♥ it gets more intense and fun.I highly recommend this game, it is super unique and very very fun! 11/10"
,Recommended,219640,8564742,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Findol,"Played as a vanguard and killed 4 people at once, 3 of which were my team mates.Would recommend."
,Recommended,219640,8182625,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,L0ngr4ng3,Epic!!!!
76561198086237443,Recommended,219640,8202991,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mookzs,Up there towards the top of my list.
76561198012165437,Recommended,219640,8130676,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Deadpool,"Awesome fun, nothing quite like running around the battlefield screaming at the top of your lungs with swords and other cruel weapons of death. Highly recommended.PS. - The 'Deadliest Warrior' DLC adds some new classes including ninjas and pirates for you to enjoy to your hearts content."
,Recommended,219640,8168942,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,KITTY KITTY KAT,it be fun
,Not Recommended,219640,8640137,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,funkj¬¬,i hate it
,Recommended,219640,8730605,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Ninja_furby,great game if you can get it working....riddled with bugs **
,Recommended,219640,14708631,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Hakuchi,"Very Nice! I Like, zis game is very nice, the graphics very nice, the weapons very nice, forkman very nice, but he needs to put clothes on. The sound also very nice, you can hear the sweet sound of death and despair in the battlefield everytime you turn the speakers on. I reccomend this game 10/10 VERYNICE!!!"
76561198085392956,Recommended,219640,11038268,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,✪ TridentMIst,this game is great
76561198032294058,Recommended,219640,9865257,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Gannicus,Great melee cobat action! Steep learning curve but when you get the mechanics down non stop chamazement. 10/10
76561198073229920,Recommended,219640,8127686,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,BarronTrump,if you like to decapitate knights then this game is for you
,Recommended,219640,9933710,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Bazooka Tooth,I know a guy called sammy sir and his wife is a hobby horse. it is only through this game i can really rub it in though.  11/11
76561198125112267,Not Recommended,219640,9909809,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Storm Rider,"This game sucks. Its mechanics are awfull, there is not gameplay depth and ITS A PURE LMB FEST!"
76561197998887299,Recommended,219640,10001540,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Sniblet,4/5
76561198004629788,Recommended,219640,8213597,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sleeps,"Great game, alot of skill involved not just mashing buttons and killing"
,Recommended,219640,7802359,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,DRDeshotel,Good game!
,Not Recommended,219640,19948842,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Frosty,"Gruelingly difficult, and you will spend most of your time in death screens. This game is for all intents and purposes first person Darksouls. If you are into realistic combat, by which they mean you do not move so much as lurch in any given direction. Gameplay is limited, matchmaking is underballanced with higher level players trolling low ranking matches, and then dissing people in the chat. Chat is offensive at the best of times. I spend less that 5 dollars on this, and I want my money back."
76561198060606358,Recommended,219640,30573236,Posted: 17 March,all,ⅅ𝕆𝕂,skill based game
76561198078987232,Recommended,219640,16590589,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Speedabix,smashing
76561198056836161,Not Recommended,219640,13755341,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bob Stone,"Loved playing this game so much I bought it for a friend.  After playing hardcore for several days they banned his account.  A VAC ban.  After doing some reading, this is a common issue for lots of players.  He so far at this point still has not gotten a clear answer to why, or how to correct the issue..WHAT A WAIST OF MONEY!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,219640,16724077,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,TitanBrand_,"This game is a total Joke. All i have to say is that the High levels rule the game and the low ranks are the ones that get Kicked, the Kick system is being abused sooo much that its not even fun."
,Not Recommended,219640,28504924,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,m_indonesia,HARD GAME :(
,Recommended,219640,5352815,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Acorn,great game but needs some practice for you to really have fun and kill people make sure you go through the tutorial first or you will suck online.
,Recommended,219640,25236192,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,muller,"i really like and enjoy this game, chivalry is a great game really good with friends very good game i like this game agreatgame"
,Recommended,219640,16162523,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Super Sexy,The only game where you can die and laugh about it instead of yelling with rage
76561198066670240,Not Recommended,219640,19972532,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PAOKTSI96,Purchased the game on my macbook pro currently on mavericks heard great reviews for the game but personally the game on my laptop was too glitchy to be able to enjoy.
,Recommended,219640,9233017,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,ZITRON,It's nice to take my hands off the trigger and onto a sword for a change. The focus of the game is the multiplayer since the singleplayer bots are a little bit dumb-ish. The bots are not suited for melee attacks ( But of course the archer bots were accurate). The graphics are not that bad. I'll give the game a 7 out of 10.
76561198050750126,Not Recommended,219640,9191759,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,bushido1128,"I would not recommend this game at this point its very simple and only offers multi-player versus which is now riddled with hackers, there are simply to many easily available mods for this game and far to few people looking for a tactical challange. Instead you'll see people speeding threw the map at 300x speed killing the whole team or archers using aiming bots to kill u in your spawn."
,Recommended,219640,16409198,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[TGL] Skittles,Bought GamePlayed for 5 minutesgot kicked for no reason10/10 would play again
76561197994148289,Not Recommended,219640,20298469,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,adriaanh,"No way of seeing who your enemy is.No English in chat, mostly Sweeds and eastern europeans.In 6 hours I have played nobody has ever replyed to a question.No team play at all."
76561198083622990,Recommended,219640,13060916,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,nut up or shut up,"""Like Skyrim but not Skyrim. 10/10""-IGN"
76561198063185839,Recommended,219640,19086387,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Barkly the Basketball,Fun Game. Hard to play sometimes.
,Recommended,219640,14728507,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ryza,mid eveil john cena in this game
,Not Recommended,219640,11413747,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Valentine,"If you enjoy an elitest community and a harsh learning curve, play this game. If you like to have fun, play something else... really, play anything at all... Space Channel 5 or something..."
76561198032932421,Recommended,219640,8997499,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Specialist Ragnar Dredd,"Chopping limbs off, headshots, huge stabbing implements. What isn't to love?"
,Recommended,219640,24728886,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SWIGGY,"Great game!Most people complan about level 15 about ""how hard it is"" and ""immpossible"" but practice makes perfictthe game has many styles and classes to choose from. (i like archer)Although the game is £20 the money is wort.....ok mabey a bit over priceed... but if you have the money to spend , try this game out.8/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,22339959,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Ruubi (͡ ͡° ͜ つ ͡͡°),"Game generally makes no sense at all, you can't learn to play this game with ""Common knowledge""oh.. and all servers are located somewhere in a favela in Brazil"
,Not Recommended,219640,22387112,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Abassimozz,"When you get better at this game, you look like a helicopter when fighting. And that's kinda stupid"
76561198029449471,Recommended,219640,13367394,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Frallan,lik skrim wit sords
,Recommended,219640,9227314,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Hispanic At The Disco,Great game! very fun
,Recommended,219640,18519124,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Yensan,"You fight knights. You can even fight a knight at night. Great, right?"
,Recommended,219640,10080436,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Leo Wolfpride,"If you have plenty of friends you would love to play with, then you should get this game.  But if you don't have any friends who wanna play then it's just a rage inducing lagfest."
,Recommended,219640,10003958,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,FaZe_BigCheese,"Very good FPS (First Person Stabber), exceptional physics and combat, good animations, class variety, and acceptable graphics"
76561198077983985,Recommended,219640,10077089,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Recon,NOW IF YOU ARE A FAN OF THE REAL CATS DoNT BUY htiS gAME jUST MREMDO TO laLWAYS oloL
,Recommended,219640,10084825,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,The Grand Squid,Yes
76561198042283585,Recommended,219640,10122271,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Zilli,Do not waste your money buying that pay to win game called War of the Roses!
76561198029120718,Recommended,219640,10107206,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Springheel Jack,If you had....one shot. One oppurtunity. To cease everything you ever wanted. Would you capture it? Or jus let them slip your head off.10/10 Would rekt again
76561198086039496,Recommended,219640,10113156,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,TWAT,zevki daşşaklarınızda hissedeceksiniz alın oynayın amk
,Recommended,219640,26379111,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,babs bunny,smack that akon
76561198065537332,Recommended,219640,10121205,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,D'Artagnan XCIX,good
,Recommended,219640,10121338,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Dwibblez,"This game is pretty fun. First Person medieval warfare, and a wide variety of armors, weapons, and game features. This brings COD to its knees, and ♥♥♥♥♥ in its' mouth. then shoves a pike up COD's♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,10083840,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Ser Moe,funny game xDDD
,Recommended,219640,10114430,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,JakeliciousMofo,This game has the best portrayal of medieval warfare over any other game i have ever seen.
,Recommended,219640,10021167,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Cecil Rhodes,Not bad.
76561197968446470,Recommended,219640,10065380,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,|Grossman|,"Amazing , well done FPS , with is more of a inventive hack &slash with a large amount of parry& block but still high res textures , well done would wait till on sale though"
76561198067835188,Recommended,219640,10141804,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Celeryismyname,diz game is prety good yo but i dnt lik wen some1 kilz me becus i cnt kwick scop lik in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 an i wil get very mad wen i gt kiled and somtim my mom wil hit me cuz i yel an den my dad smashs beer botles on my head an i cry
,Recommended,219640,7848899,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Eik,"If you're at all familiar with Mount & Blade's series, then you know that the combat behind the swordplay is... interesting. It's deceptive, though - once you play around online, you find that the clunky swordplay is very deep and, once you figue it out, immensely satisfying.So then some other studio looks at the combat, looks back at themselves, and goes, ""Well! Let's make this, except better, and bloodier, and much more satisfying!""Combat is a little clunkier than W&B, however it makes up for it with the absolutely insane gameplay. Hits with swords and other weapons are SATISFYING AS HELL. Murdering people with sharp sticks has never been so fun. And the game definitely doesn't take itself very seriously... even the ""plot"" is wink-wink-nudge-nudge and boils down to ""red team"" versus ""blue team"".Downsides? Not too many maps, TKers are a problem, sometimes the skill gap between you and someone else is huge resulting in you being skewered over and over again, some annoying downtime with the Last Man Standing type games... still, worth it if it's on sale for sure."
,Recommended,219640,10038835,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Qwyn,Pretty much the game to buy if you're into melee combat with swords and shields.
,Recommended,219640,10119183,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Varodan,cool game
76561198068781200,Recommended,219640,10105274,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Mada,"Can be so amazing, though make sure you dont have a laggy server. :P and the mods.... XD wow... black knight = amazing."
,Recommended,219640,1022222,"Posted: 22 October, 2012",all,يخفف,"Notha game bad by baby's for baby's. Do yourself a favor and don't pick up on this game. The graphics look like I just taked out my nintendo and plugged in Goldeneye 64. Animations are as bad as those dumb anime shows I seen you watching earlier, loser."
,Not Recommended,219640,33568922,Posted: 15 July,all,darkside mikati™,"One of starbreeze's best games, Yet so dissapointing , i do not recommend buying this game if you're more of a CS or a Mount and Blade gamer.:Reasons why:-no singleplayer-server pings are off the charts-UI and Battle AI is flawed in many ways .-too much paid dlcs(just like payday2 eh ?)-fov is not set-able ...you can see your whole arms up to the muscle and that worsens your pov .. yet it has third person by Pressing it's button , but is also flawed because it can show you the enemies behind you , meaning if you set a tactic .. you can always be on top of your game.-it's not like what the Videos and the Trailers show .. not even one bit same...-aggressive people always playing it . they kill you even on your own team .-crossbow and bow Ratio and laws are flawed as they are bland as well, as they're too slow .. imagine playing this game on 150+fps and you're new to the game .. you would rarely hit .-not every weapon has alternate buttons. rendering throwables(knives/axes)♥♥♥♥♥♥-cannot play with a mic , no option for it either ... rendering this game and it's teamplaying Tactics horrible ... you'll lose millions of matches before you get any good as well as if you do not get a good team and play on discord .. you'd be doing your wallet a favor by buying something elseOn the Non bitter side...+the game is well developped...For a starbreeze game.+the Graphics are insanely good , yet you can still catch on 30fps(atleast on Highest modes) on an R5(3rd gen) amd radeon laptop chipset+The x and z and c commands are good .. yet they're not so needed because even if you use them no one would listen to you .. Should have a Closed Caption for team Players so they could understand more.As i finish this Review , i solemnly swear i am not being paid to say such , whether i endorse the game or not recommend it , this is my own Personal opinion , Based on the many games i have played all the way from fps to MMoRPG to Moba , you could buy the game yourself , and you'll see my points everywhere in the game."
,Recommended,219640,8073467,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Soviet_Wrath,GET THIS GAME
76561198094779534,Recommended,219640,7921055,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Citamorph,Boss MultiPlayer game that if your interested in medieval fighting is good for you! :)
76561198078345389,Not Recommended,219640,16588065,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TheArmedMadMan,This game may as well have been made in the time it was set in. You get better server response from rubbing two sticks together and waving them in the air.
,Recommended,219640,10433816,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,the once-ler,Extremely fun and extremely bloody. Limbs roll in this game... LITERALLY!
,Recommended,219640,9177911,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Mattomatic,COD With Swords. Tuns'a Fun
,Recommended,219640,14161719,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,⊰ ｘａｏｔｉｃ ⊱,"I loved this game but randomly got vac banned yesterday, whats this sht about?"
76561198059423801,Recommended,219640,7869836,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Matthaius,"An awesome medieval FP multiplayer action game. You take control of 1 of 4 types of soldiers on 2 sides. You choose your weapons, tactics and play styles. I recommend it to players who want to take it on others and like a good knight-style action game. This game just rocks!"
,Not Recommended,219640,11118730,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,eNut_ButteR,"The game itself is kinda fun.But unfortunately basically broken with bugs like these:Losing ranks randomly.  I went for rank 13 to rank 10 over the course of a night.Losing weapon unlocks.Sometimes a match won't end once a team has killed the opposing team.  This results in the winning team having to commit suicide and the losing team then getting the win.The game doesn't register when you select a class sometimes and you have to then reselect your class and weapon picks, sometimes multiple times for it to work."
76561198059814173,Recommended,219640,30646344,Posted: 20 March,all,beau.fairbrother,You need this game.
76561198111018828,Recommended,219640,30650713,Posted: 21 March,all,Nils Henrik,"boiii, cut'en of dem 'eads man"
76561197988088832,Recommended,219640,12018133,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,RyanAvx,Never before and never again will you experience the pure glee of chopping someone's head off....with a mace.
76561198037366033,Not Recommended,219640,7575197,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Linger,"One of the best Medieval games, but it has a lot of problems- a lot of bugs in maps etc. Developers dont want to fix these bugs, and they made new DLC Chivalry-Deadliest Warrior.5/10"
,Recommended,219640,23815665,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MAXIMUM OVERRUSTLE,"I joined a server. I was on the red team.I saw 3 of my allies fighting one blue guy. They were bashing him good.I ran in, tried to cut his head of with a normal left click. Instead of killing him, I decapitated THREE OF MY ALLIES in one swing.Then the blue guy stabbed me.10/10"
,Recommended,219640,28428278,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,wrestle with jimmy,chivalry: Medieval Warfare♥♥♥♥in with the mother♥♥♥♥in bearstill playin with that maceyou think this is a race?it's notjeez how loud is that bassimma kill this knightwith this bowwithout ♥♥♥♥in a hoe♥♥♥♥ did i just step on a toeoh yeah this game is gorybut a muthafukin gloryand ♥♥♥♥♥es get hornybut it's ♥♥♥♥in clunkylike videogamedunkeyyou have to be luckyto see this game on a 1366 x 768anyways i give this game 69/8bichhhhhhhhhhhhcringe boiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
,Not Recommended,219640,11709996,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Dr. Gonepostal298,Do not buy this game. Its a big waste of money and nothing more than a glitch fest. I am not comfortable with any weapon set and its simply ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on some weapons.
,Recommended,219640,23313597,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Toni980,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░█░░░░░░░░░████▄▄▄▀░░▀▀▀▀▄░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░████▄▄▄░░░░░░░█░░░░░▀▀▀▀░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,219640,23560334,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Doc Holiday,This game is very fun and skill based!Pros: Everything is amazing and you'll will have a fun time no doubt.Cons: there are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics with the larger swords where you can pull an overhead swing then turn around and pull down and you can not block it 90% of the time and it's just stupid.Thats it Just buy it. Its amazing!
,Recommended,219640,11743011,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,nerf or nothing B),i luv dis gaem it su gud i olmost maed♥♥♥♥♥on mi di-ing gampi
,Not Recommended,219640,28032379,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,j0000mla25,"This game is painfully slow and unresponsive. Combat is slow, arrows fly for 3 years and all in all I feel physical pain for having spend my hard earned money on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
,Recommended,219640,23549129,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,kk,"its fun cus u get to stab dead bodies and make sure everyone knows, DON'T ♥♥♥♥LE WITH SHUCKLE"
,Recommended,219640,23572041,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Leonidas,:)
76561198074439334,Not Recommended,219640,23631439,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Fluffy Bunny BETS.gg,Achieve many kills and get yourself teamkilled while your teammate is trying to kill an enemy that you already killed(or because he is angry with you for stealing his kill).10/10
76561198102249092,Not Recommended,219640,26075693,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Microsoft Visio 2013,Feels like its in early acces
76561198147382124,Not Recommended,219640,26074054,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Дашка Зарянова,Сори 15 бачей не стоит
76561198056805943,Not Recommended,219640,13530769,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fuzzy Bumpkins,"This game was not even worth the $5 I payed for it. First of all, I want to express that the ideas were well-thought-out. The idea of a first person slasher where 32 players run at each other from all sides where the ""friendly fire"" settings make it so your teammates kill you more than your opponents is hilarious and sounds amazing in idea. However, the execution of these ideas was poorly made. Although the mechanics required actual skill to play the game, most of the time the lenient internet settings for this game allowed for it to now be a contest of who had better internet connection. Because of this, most mechanics for such things as thrusting, parrying, and blocking lagged and by the time that they worked, you were already dead. Furthermore, the game's large variety of glitches allowed for people of more experience to take advantage which caused blocking to become obselete and for classes such as vanguards or knights to become extremely overpowered. Voting guidlines also allowed for people to easily be kicked off a server which has now caused the game to become very elitist. Overall, if you want to find an MMO that will accept into its community and won't♥♥♥♥♥♥you off everytime you play, you best look elsewhere."
,Recommended,219640,4993226,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,DJ Explosive,It's like Skyrim...WITH GUNS.
76561198107182548,Recommended,219640,23776084,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,FatherFrank,its pretty neat.
76561198071322939,Recommended,219640,16083737,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Fishius,kinda gay
76561198030096654,Recommended,219640,13440940,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,noma,hey man i like this game but sometimes i suck at it
,Recommended,219640,34050721,Posted: 5 August,all,NoMayoPls,Fun for the whole family
76561198181908802,Recommended,219640,22245278,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,General Dalton Xander,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare is a very intense and frusterting game, yet it also happens to be the most rewarding and stimulating game I have ever played. It's best that I say it now. This game is completely dead even in it's review potential.Please allow me to explain...1. Gameplay:Gameplay is extremely well thought out and precise. To me, there is nothing more satisfying than shooting a Heavy Crossbow Bolt a hundred yards away into a Knight's neck. Or Being on the verge of death and managing to get that lucky stab with my dagger through an enemy's chest. The pacing is quite good and you are always on your toes. However, this game's precision also comes at a price. The way the weapons work in Chivalry is that as long as the weapon it'self hits you, it counts. This means that if I jump and do a 360 of of a bench and my sword hits you while spinning, you will get hurt. Most experienced players use this to their advantage. This results in new players being completely demolished and experienced players being nearly one-man batallions if they are good enough. This however also presents a learning curve. I came from Chivalry on the Xbox (We do not speak of that atrocity) and I was shocked at how people were playing. Twirling around and managing nearly impossible hits. BUT, if you take your time and are patient enough, you WILL learn how to counter-act these people. If not by Sword or Hammer, than by bow. Because what's the easiest way to take out a twirler before they hit you? Shoot 'em.2. Community:The comunity goes without the need for explanation, yet I will do so anyway. I have made SO MANY friends by playing this game. So many nice people who are funny, honorable, and just all around fun to play with. I personally haven't met anyone who hates me or vice versa, yet I have seen the ocassional  jerk. I have seen a lot of kicks in my play-time, yet all of these people where either jerks themselves, causing a hostile enviorment (I.E. arguing with people in chat, spouting random insults, ect). The community loves to be helpful and most importantly to everyone, keep the game going. This means that if you are AFK for a while without telling anyone, they will most likely kick you in order for other people who are playing to join. Things like that. Yes, there will be jerks. They are on every game. But if you are light hearted and go in with good feelings and attitude, you will be surprised how many people that you never even knew will become your best friends.3. Classes:Each class is dynamic and unique in it's on way. Some out do others in stamina, others out do others in health, ect. But no class is better than the other. Examples; you may be a hulking Knight in full clad armor, but one good shot to the head from a Crossbow and you are done. You may also be a nimble and accurate archer, but if you are caught off guard or with your bow drawn, it's game over. Finally, you may be a Vanguard with a long Polearm, keeping enemies at a distance, but if someone gets through you with a dagger or short-sword, you are at a disadvantage. But what I like most about these classes is tht nothing is impenetrable. Any class can die by any class. A quick thing you will learn in this game is that Stats do not matter at all. Your weapon is only as good as the person weilding it. This means that if you are good enough, you can smash the face off of a Knight with a stick, or kill a Vanguard with well placed axe throwing. No class (Heh) Out-classes the other. Yes, I did a funny.4. Servers:There are many servers in this game. Each one is in a certain region or consist of certain mods, certain maps, ect. You will not have any issue finding what you want to play and where you want to play it. Although, make sure you keep an eye on your ping level to the right of the server names. Your peformance may varry on certain servers if you are not within your region, though, that is obvious.So in conclusion....1. There are really good players. Some of the tactics are cheap. But if you are patient enough to wait/learn/practice with others, you WILL match them and beat them.2. There are good and bad people in the world. But a long as you aren't stiring up trouble, AFK without informing the others, or if your ping is too high, you will not be kicked.3. Each and every class is hard to master. Very hard. But once you do, you can be very dangerous to anyone who crosses you. Also, people have a little disdain for archers. but those people are quickly silenced with a shot to the head! xP4. Each and every server suits your needs in a particular need. There are so many, game modes, weapons, maps, and mods. Pick whichever fits your fancy.So that's it. This review was to show anyone interested that this game DOES have it's pros and cons. Some will find it interesting and give it a try and love it. Others may do the same but find it lacking or not to thier liking. As long as you know what you are going in to, it's up to you what you do with the information given to you. I still however MUST recommend this game. For any Competitive, patient, medieval loving gamer out there, this game is NOT worth missing.Thank you very much for reading. I hope to see you on the battlefield!"
,Not Recommended,219640,22989622,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,The Doctor,"Fun at moments, repetitive and dull in the long run.Graphics are ok."
,Not Recommended,219640,23053429,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Duke Stumpy,"A good game that is fun to play as long as you dont meet the abusers who use 3rd person mode, FOV at max and spin around at inhumane speeds hitting you instantly and making it impossible to parry&block the attacks.If you want realism, check out the new game called Mordhau."
76561197970288076,Recommended,219640,11312192,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Scarub,FOR THE RED AND BLACK!!!
76561198148626011,Not Recommended,219640,24937792,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Master Bate #ThxGnR,"Doesnt have any point, if it had comp or something like that it would have been more fun"
76561198024567944,Recommended,219640,8839711,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Wormburner,"This game is great, it takes skill! hank n slash wont get you far in this one"
,Recommended,219640,30781554,Posted: 27 March,all,✪THO,bs payed $10 for game now its free. still good game tho just upset
76561198062110718,Recommended,219640,30780958,Posted: 27 March,all,DOG FoOD LID,Its GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREeat
,Recommended,219640,12145281,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,GR:) 33397,"Doeth thou enjoyeth slashing through many filthy peasants?Doeth thou enjoyeth having fist fights against 3 people with bodkins?Doeth thou enjoyeth screaming menacing words at thy enemies?Even if thou doeth not, tryeth this game!"
,Recommended,219640,25527247,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Phil Swift with FLEX TAPE™,This game is very choppy on my pc.get it?
,Recommended,219640,8027172,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,`LegalizeMarijuana 记得科迪,Bad♥♥♥♥♥game GET THE DLC Deadliest Warrior is amazing
,Recommended,219640,17283894,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,DankusMemeus,Lve this game played it for a while but there too me seems like people get too op! I go on anyserver a level 25 will come and do some judo♥♥♥♥♥♥around me then vanish and im dead. With him laughing and i cant figure out how to text chat but great game love it 4/5
,Recommended,219640,26173220,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Flamal,"This game has the best first-person melee fighting system I've encountered so far. Even though there are some oddball moves you can make which might be overwhelming to a beginner, it later only adds to the depth of this game. It's very hard to master - I still don't stand a chance against most of the veteran players. This game requires a good internet connection and a computer good enough to run smoothly.There are dedicated servers for beginners to get a hold of the mechanics, but you can jump right into the regular servers.There's always a bunch of people playing regardless of time of day, so there's still an active community.The community can be sometimes toxic, but there's also nice and helpful people. Questions are usually answered with a follow-up of troll answers. Mostly the chat consist of trash talking, hate speech, whining about game mechanics (you're just not good yet, don't fall into this), general discussion, lolling, so there's really all kinds of people. It's nothing compared to for example CS:GO in terms of toxicity though - you mostly won't get kicked or abused for things you say or do. As long as you don't team-kill people, lag unbareably or accidentally swing team mates too many times you should be good.Team Objective has fun scenarios with common awesome and silly moments.  Dueling can be very unforgiving for a new player, but it's the best way to improve and learn from better players. Rest of the game modes I personally find somewhat pointless since they're just killing, except for Last Team Standing if you're into that (I usually don't have the patience to wait for the round to end).Visually it's uniform and pleasing to the eye, but is naturally a little outdated compared to newest releases. Voice acting is hilarious and very well acted. Usually people are shouting all the time, but it won't bother you since it fits well to the atmosphere. Generally it has this gruesome medieval war feeling to it with a hint of silliness. Filth, fire, cruel dialogue, brutal dismemberment, morally questionable acts, peasant killing and king slaying fill this world.There are some minor bugs but you can adapt well to them, except kick to this day is unpredictable.There's also a fishy way to get some advantage over others by changing the options limit of field-of-view by typing for example FOV 160 in the console. You can also change the FPS cap by manipulating game files which you can find by googling. I personally don't use these and it's not a requirement for successful playing, the latter is mostly an aesthetic thing anyway.I highly recommend this game for people who enjoy first-person shooters and teamplay. The melee-fighting system is truly unique, very well implemented and worth the experience."
76561198055114690,Not Recommended,219640,30867088,Posted: 31 March,all,Lordsalty,"Two years ago, this game looked like it was good but it was the worst melee game out there.Two years (or more) pass, this game looks like it will be good but it IS the worst melee game out there.Some things just don't change at all, it's the same ♥♥♥♥ but painted differently (or more specifically, ♥♥♥♥ out differently)Want the worst in a laconic manner?- ""High-rankers"", also known as ""Ballerinas"". The average/veteran player of Chivalry. They will do their best to beat you by using glitches and especially exploits.- ""Pro Tactics"", another gameplay 'feature'. If you really want to be good in this game, you must learn to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who uses glitches and exploits.- ""Over-realism"". Teamkill is so common yet people are not adapt of it yet, so expect killing some teammate even if he was FAR AWAY with just the very tip of your Morning Star, which should deal less than 5 HP or so yet it does full.Want more details?- ""High-rankers"", who are properly nicknamed ""Ballerinas"". These little insecure boys or big secure adults will try their best to ♥♥♥♥ you off and break your fun by using ""pro tactics"", that's an euphenysm for using glitches and exploits.Obviously, if you're experienced with multiplayer games, losers like these are common.Except in Chivalry, the entire population is made of them.- ""Pro Tactics"". The only way you can, let me quote the losers, ""git gud"" with Chivalry is to ""git gud"".Translated to our Badass language; you have to be a complete feckin' annoying moron who just swings crap from the side and does backwards attacks while going backwards.Translate to another language, probably scientific or just common; you have to rely on glitches and exploits to beat the game. There's no such thing such as ""Dirty Tactics"", these exist in Chivalry only if you're a low-rank, but then you'll get into the beauty (pure sarcasm) that is ""exploiting and glitching"".It's not normal how you can crouch backwards and then do an overhead attack hitting every one around you. Worse yet, how about you do a swing to the left then move yourself to the left? Apparently, the animation shows that it doesn't really do a ""strong hit"", it's so slow not even a door can fully open that way, yet the tip ALWAYS hits your head and it explodes. Funny, huh? It is, but sadly that joke gets old fast.- ""Over-realism"". For some strange reason, the game decided to be OVERLY realistic. And you can easily see that with the Teamkill. It seems that nearly all servers have teamkill enabled by default, so this is a default feature in Chivalry.I understand it's realistic and all, but the teamkill in Chivalry is easily abused. You can experience it yourself, a high-rank killing a low-rank. Happens EVERY time and I'm not exaggerating.It's not even the Ballerinas' sole fault, the developers wanted to make it so the team damage is always 100%. Worse yet, even an accidental teamkill will get your ♥♥♥♥ kicked just fine. As I said, the 'tip' can kill you just fine.The intention of this game looked good, a true melee game where you had some good freedom of how to use your weapons, each weapon was unique as well, so a mace against a sword IS a difference and not just in damage.If you don't know, here's an example; Maces were fit to break into heavy armour. In this game, who's got heavy armour? The Knight. So using a mace (any Blunt will do, actually) against him would be best.Great feature that the developers didn't even care at all on improving it further, because it CAN be improved.This game is only fun until you reach a high-rank, even 15 is enough. Then, you'll get into servers where there's no control, so you can fight against newbies, veterans and ballerinas.And hey, I must mention that back in 2014 around there, this crap had an update that added an in-game store. It was all decorations, sure, but it was still there. You HAVE to buy it. (By that I mean that you can't get decorations any other way, you must pay to be pretty)Most of them cost more than 5 euros, even just a highly-decorated gold helmet.Just because they're purely decorations, it doesn't make it be worse than any other in-game store, it's JUST AS BAD.The game is NOT worth buying and not worth playing. Don't ever buy it.P.S. This review got so popular that a guy literally copy+pasted it, here;http://steamcommunity.com/id/steamsucksdick/recommended/219640/"
76561198079690339,Recommended,219640,29861117,Posted: 11 February,all,Cigokrotilac1907,This game is really good. I am very glad to have it. Its hard to master but when you learn some tricks and dragging attack you are the boss.
,Recommended,219640,29806044,Posted: 9 February,all,wirs,"For Honor but faster, more skill based and cheaper"
,Not Recommended,219640,29972979,Posted: 16 February,all,Iskukip,"Have you ever tried to rugby tackle a horny grizzly bear nude and oiled up?No?Well you're in luck, here's your chance to play this game and find out what its like to be f*cked against your will by one of the in-consistant games on steam!Want good hitboxes? Great Physics based combat? Inspired Map design?Well then why don't you try to coat your genitals in chilli sauce and blend until mushy because this game isn't gunna give you that."
76561198042225625,Not Recommended,219640,16056292,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ikkiyakki,i like it more than 'War of The Roses' but it still like first-person 'Magica' a bit - finger sports
,Recommended,219640,12532373,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,The Frog Who Ate Ponion,"Everyone likes the game, it has great atmosphere.Nuff said."
,Not Recommended,219640,28493276,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Thatshow,"This game would have been fun if it had a story mode next to the god aweful multiplayer, but it doesn't.Don't buy tthis piece of crap, not even on sale."
76561198212076663,Not Recommended,219640,29092498,Posted: 7 January,all,Normie Scum,You will enter this game thinking that you'll have fun until you actually play it. You will be surpised at all the impossible ways people will flail around and still hit you even with thier backs turned to you(not even joking on that one) This game is not worth its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of micro transactions. Just go buy depth or something its much better.
76561198349688735,Not Recommended,219640,29109597,Posted: 7 January,all,skin,garbage
,Recommended,219640,16588604,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Fizzleclaw,"I smashed a archer to death with a club.I cut off a mans dinklebarry, with a greatsword.12/10 IGN"
,Not Recommended,219640,22785469,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Tits Mcgee,"I don't know what happened to this game, but it became crap, within like a month it's jsut become ♥♥♥♥♥, spinning around and clicking at randomly, it used to be a skill based game, but now it's just♥♥♥♥♥♥ Such a waste because before some update, it was a lot of fun."
76561198061084671,Not Recommended,219640,21628725,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,NathanSteele23,DO NOT GET THIS GAME!! IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY!! I SPENT LIKE 1 HOUR IN GAMEPLAY IF THAT THE REST OF THE HOURS I HAVE LOGGED TRYING TO GET THIS GAME TO WORK!! STEAM IS ALSO BEEN STUCK UP ♥♥♥♥S AND WONT GIVE ME A REFUND!! DO NOT GET THIS GAME!!
,Not Recommended,219640,16967538,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,SubR,Sucks
76561198250154280,Recommended,219640,32804947,Posted: 26 June,all,papiedgar69,this game is so fun i got it today and i already got like 10 hours..........the pvp is great its like a mix of call of duty kind of and reign of kings.....right now its on sale for like 3 bucks and it is the worth the money even when its not on sale the game is worth the amount of money of its orginal price  the graphics are decent too especially if u like For Honor
76561198036544800,Not Recommended,219640,18011956,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Bob TheBaconator,"This is easily one of the WORST games i have ever purchased. It looked cool and was on sale so I picked it up and regret every penny of it. It is so buggy and glitchy and not to mention that half the♥♥♥♥♥♥doesnt even work right or how it should. Shields are ♥♥♥♥ing usless they will block the first attack but anything after that goes through like you dont have a shield. arrows/ thrown weps are SOOO BUGGY and take forever to do ANYTHING there is a 3 second delay from when you click and see the action of the arrow shooting, to when the arrow actually fires and you see the arrow fly through the air, but since that is your attack you cant change your weps or reload or do anything other than move and jump until your arrow finishes its bugged attack, and on top of that you have to wait another 3 secs to do anything after that anyways. and the javalin is a really cool wep if it would actually work... again with the delay and you can use a shield when wielding them but its usless anyways, if you throw one you have to wait 3 secs after throwing to bring your shield up and it does nothing, it doesnt block attacks it doesnt protect you at all. then there is the pole arms, it says it has the longest reach... but since all of the reach is the same, its usless. and then the moves, you have many different ways to attack cool idea if you could fix the stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥with it, when you swing from the shoulder you can kill people with a single blow, and it is faster than a lunge attack, you would think that when you see someone pull back you can do a quick lunge to counter like in actual sword play but that doesnt work. and lastly a knight in full plate mail can run faster than an archer wearing a nothing but cloth.... the game looks great and i love the idea, but its just no where NEAR good."
,Not Recommended,219640,23392998,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Henny,Harder than Dark Souls
,Not Recommended,219640,20741551,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Это. Просто. Нечто,the game often crash and bugs are everywhere
,Recommended,219640,23595479,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Jookwr,5/5 needs more salt
,Recommended,219640,7888554,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,jellowned,This game is so good! :)
,Recommended,219640,7867045,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,(MG) Mechsoap.,"Its pretty swell, you can make peoples heads explode and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198037064610,Recommended,219640,11800780,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Auditore,Dis Gaem Make me Rage and♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants 10/10
76561198135476198,Not Recommended,219640,23672740,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Underain,good game but the game play the ♥♥♥♥ing game machanics are broken u add more hats and not patching the sword and falils and the random crap is on the game plz fix this SoW and claymore and the flail too when you use shiled wall the enemy cant see the weap so we need patches for the game (swords ) & (other weap) so fix it and a dont add me more hats for god sake we need the weaps to be fixed and dont add more hats and helmets
,Not Recommended,219640,19571819,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Oliver👻💔,I want to be VAC banned from this game I ran cheat engine then I used speed hack changed memory nothing I do not support this game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,7864935,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,krovatka_new,RRRRRRRAAAAAARRRRRR 8/10 AAAAARRRRRR
76561197963058831,Recommended,219640,7945426,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Fairish#11823,This is a fun game if you are just looking to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,7795337,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Tamer Spark,Perfect game to get your sword and shield and cut off some heads. I recommend it because of the brutality.
76561198028182819,Recommended,219640,9967065,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,shnowitzer,"The violence of the manga Berserk combined with the querkyness of Monty Python and the Holy grail. P.S. if you aren't TKing, then you aren't playing it right."
76561198062371503,Recommended,219640,7857731,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Crunchbite 31,"Amazing game, endless replayability and never ceazes to amaze."
,Recommended,219640,7854339,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,aria,"Although it is plauged by myriad bugs and some fairly inexperienced developers, this is without a doubt my favorite game of all time. If you're looking into buying the game, I recommend that you first take into account that the weapon unlocks currently aren't working and that the learning curve is incredibly steep. This game seems decievingly simple, but is actually one of the most complex fighting games you could ever find.All in all I would give it a 7/10, not because the gameplay is lackluster, but because of the developers poor decisions and lack of response to the community.Also don't buy the deadliest warrior expansion. It is inferior in every way and a waste of your money."
,Recommended,219640,17570192,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Avril,Fun.
,Not Recommended,219640,21417590,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,asa akiraaaaaaa,runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥look like♥♥♥♥♥♥is♥♥♥♥♥♥..
,Recommended,219640,31803903,Posted: 17 May,all,[Vanirs] Agathius,GOD AM A LEMON
,Not Recommended,219640,29733461,Posted: 5 February,all,TShiningOne,"Seriously Chivalry devs, idk what the ♥♥♥♥ you have been doing these past 2 years but jesus ♥♥♥♥ing christ for the love of god fix your physics system when you make Mirage: Arcane Warfare because your 360 ballarina ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that you tolerate in Chivalry is the reason you're losing all of your players to games like For Honor and Mordhau."
,Recommended,219640,25005242,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Lad Tewnew,"I like the realism. If you become a skilled enough swordsmen, you can perform a spinning sword attack like Link."
,Recommended,219640,30964003,Posted: 5 April,all,A__S__D__U__U__H,"HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, HIT, HIT, MISS, DEAD, SPWAN, I like this"
,Recommended,219640,24739564,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Wowser I'm Gay,"Reasons to buy: To play with friends, or aloneReasons not to: Online play is full of op vets"
76561198062596775,Not Recommended,219640,31818146,Posted: 18 May,all,Cheddarmunky,"The game itself is one big glitch... the weapons reach 2 times farther than animations, the reload speeds for archers is god awful, and the community is damn near dead or just people whining for you to leave the room so they can 1v1 all night... ohh yeah and the GFX are a joke as per what they could be... all in all 2/10 not impressed."
,Recommended,219640,23216382,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Joe,good game...best engine
76561198047691372,Not Recommended,219640,28396074,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Der Schüler,"exploits,cyclone madness"
76561197971065050,Recommended,219640,14877670,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Kinski,Tried to attack an opponent.Got stabbed in the back by a teammate.10/10 Would get stabbed in the back again.
,Not Recommended,219640,23869530,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,maesthetic,won't let you disable anti aliasing
,Recommended,219640,21064930,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,☆☜ Pigeon ☞☆,Fun with friend allah u akbar
,Recommended,219640,23836591,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Funkynutz,Do you like violence with lot sharp pointy objects?How about lots of Gore? Dismemberment and decapitation? The more the merrier right?Do you sometimes have sadistic fantasies about what you want to do to your neighbours?Then good news: Chivalry is for you!It might even stop you from turning those horrible neighbours into plant food! Or give you some new ideas...
,Recommended,219640,26018050,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,420monster™,This games  a lot of fun. UNTIL you hit lvl 15 then your matched up against go hard ♥♥♥♥ing nerds.super cheap. BUY THIS GAME. its only 3 dollars right now
,Recommended,219640,4639360,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,Плоппя,Fists are OP
76561198043028011,Recommended,219640,26765520,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AJSA-Nicotb,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Not Recommended,219640,20231592,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Teleprovider,"It is a good game. Cheap! Great graphic!But, I don't recommend it for people with colorblindness.Oh, and don't get me started about playing the game to counter colorblindness. It is about enjoying the game in peace and harmony without being a four eyes nerd analysising everything time you have to click LMB.The developer that design the colors forgot to implement Colorblindness setting. Developer that made Battlefield 4 knows better. It doesn't help us at all if you have a Pay To Wear fancy clothing that troll us every time we have to figure out if this player a friend or foe.What worse, there is no Gamma brightness, I am sure it could help people with colorblindness."
76561198216708485,Not Recommended,219640,34501965,Posted: 26 August,all,Rasmus16031,ok this game 1. is way too easy ( pay to win) 2. has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat system and 3. is way overprized srsly go and play mount and blade warband online if you want areal historical medieval game. this is for people with no skill !
76561198026852087,Recommended,219640,22810907,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rabidis,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is nice, the gameplay is mostly nice, the important thing is your abilities (mostly) and the game is fast and fun. The hardest thing is be a new player, you have the noob servers, but when you start the game and starts to play the noobs on this servers will destroy you. I recommend it, if you are looking for multiplayers medieval combats. at last, if you are a br players, NÃO COMPRA ESSA ♥♥♥♥♥ A NÃO SER QUE ESTEJA NA PROMOÇÃO, PROS GRINGOS DEVE TA 5 DOLARES ESSA ♥♥♥♥♥, PODE COMPRAR, É DIVERTIDO, MAS SÓ SE ESTIVER NA PROMOÇÃO."
,Recommended,219640,30023579,Posted: 18 February,all,dikiogres,FOR HONOR LOW BUDGET
,Recommended,219640,22793803,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Giant White Kid,Very Very fun game
,Recommended,219640,34034545,Posted: 5 August,all,lil uzi bert XO,Chop chop drop top
,Not Recommended,219640,11171779,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Cpl Dingles,"Developers of the game are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!Where should I start? Maybe by FARK YOU DEVELOPERS!!!! FARK YOU UP YOUR SUPID RETDED ASSES!!!!!Were you people stoned when you guys made decisions?I mean:- How the fark does a war axe SWING FASTER than a sabre, being the sabre much farking lighter than the axe?- If the archer has little to no armor the WHY THE FARK CANT HE RUN FASTER THAN ALL THE OTHER PLAYERS?- Why does a player get stunned when he parries an enemy's swipe? Understandably, when you take a hit it stunns you for a sec or 2 but from a parry? S TUPID.- Now this one is why you people are f uking stupid, why the FARK CAN I ONLY PARRY FOR 1 SEC WITH ANY WEAPON IN THE GAME? If I can hold up a shield for as long as I want, why the FARK cant I hold up a sword for more than 1 sec?- For a game depicting an era that walking/running were the only means of transportation by foot, THE PLAYER REALLY CANT RUN FOR♥♥♥♥♥♥IN THIS GAME. Yeah yeah... ""they are wearing mail, its heavy"" well they werent farking wimps at the time either werent they?- In order to run a tinny bit faster, why the FARK does the player have to shout like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ giving away his and/or his team mates position? cant the b astard run a tad bit faster quietly?This is but 10% of the things I have found in about 11hours gameplay.... I'll be editing this a bit further on...It's like you b astards pushed this game so early out that if this were to be a baby, it would show sperm and eggs.Did nobody talk about what i just mentioned earlier or have you just ignored all the complaints and moved on to another failed♥♥♥♥♥game?Recomend this game? Hell the FARK NO! It's an awesome idea of a game but a travesty of a job making it real.Get farked developers. and your dogs too....(it looks good, hat is off to the artists)"
,Not Recommended,219640,11289444,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Jesper,"Undeniable fun! Untill you hit rank 16 that is. Suddenly you'll be thrust into matches with other players 20 or 30 ranks above you. And it takes even longer to rank up yourself. So yes; from levels 1-15, you can swing a sword, decap some heads, chat'n laugh on the server, kill and be killed, and just have a blast! But once you hit 16, be prepared to throw fun out and replace it with ""train for a tournament with no fun"".Due to the relativly low amount of play time you can actually get from this open-ended pvp only game, I say give it a pass. If it's on sale, fine. But at full price? Keep walking."
,Recommended,219640,21768019,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,من المراقبة من جا,"If you're looking for a game to play till Mordhau or For Honor comes out, then this is a good substitute. Just keep in mind about the unsupported devs, 97% of the player base are tryhards, and you'll need a top of the line PC to run this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,18102945,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,bulubuloa,"A paid game with in game purchase!? Yes, very ""indie""!!"
76561198146151643,Recommended,219640,30840744,Posted: 30 March,all,Multi-Skilled Engineer,Do you like blood?Do you like dismemberment?Do you like gore?if yes then you're a weirdo and i will block you
,Recommended,219640,588106,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,El Hefe,SO ♥♥♥♥ING BRUTAL
,Recommended,219640,26358882,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Novojit,"- Hey Amigo ! Are u Waiting for '' FOR HONOR '' ?- Nope Bro !- Whatever , lets play !"
,Recommended,219640,9625941,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Slippery Chinese Spy,AAAARRRRRGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
76561198004359678,Recommended,219640,18116439,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,GregzTheGreat,"Pros:Fantastic game, easy to play, very difficult to master. The game doesn't even take itself seriously which is one of the best parts.Because of the light-hearted attitude of the game, any bugs or graphical glitches don't seem to bother anyone. It's just medieval hack and slash fun with a competitive edge if you want to delve into those waters.Cons:The community is among one of the worst bunch of people I have ever had the displeasure of being involved with in my entire life. Especially higher-leveled people on higher-leveled servers.If you are to learn anything about this game, that would be to stay out of the chat to remain out of the firing line, these people can be extremely toxic.Otherwise, fun game, 8/10."
,Not Recommended,219640,31200318,Posted: 17 April,all,sqooq pue hssnd,"I must say, I once played this game during early development. Back then it was very nice. Unfortunately I can't see any reasons to why I should buy, or why anyone else should buy this game. Because You will never get a chance to access any servers.It will just tell u ""please wait while the game loads..."" and after ages of waiting, even rejoining.... nothing, the same message. In rare cases it tells me that it couldn't connect and that i have to retry.What a waste of time and effort. I understand if problems like this exists during development, but to ask for money for this is all waste.I would maybe be less critical that day I will eventually manage to join an online game. However, untill then, I will find other means of entertainment."
76561198129869312,Recommended,219640,21607268,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SommiLo,"Best game for trolling teammates :D If you are competitive person, then it's game for you too :D"
76561198103275496,Recommended,219640,16381176,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Revenge,very good game for old time wars no big glitches very adventure fight
,Recommended,219640,17649304,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,ℬՏ- Stρa†ήs,Excellent Competitive Game.
,Recommended,219640,14640024,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Sadistdick,"Lvl 4 - think your a badass chopping heads off left right and center on low level servers.Lvl 15 - Why the ♥♥♥♥ is everyone spinning? Why do i suk so bad. Feinting is your friend.Grind....Lvl 30 - You have mastered the voice commands and can kill most low level peasants with ease. You can tag the odd lvl 50, maybe take them out if they are handicapped. You only use feints against your worst enemies.Grind...Lvl 40 - You have seen many battles. Veterans know your name and duel you with respect. Your messer has dismembered many a cavalier opponent.Lvl 50 - Enemies openly flee your sword. Only the most brave or experienced warriors approach you and cowardly archers will focus you from afar. Your name is legend."
76561198077041981,Not Recommended,219640,18093211,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Gary Fox,It's like a less fun version of Mount & Blade Warband. Play Warband instead.
,Recommended,219640,30792133,Posted: 28 March,all,Deus Ex Machina,"8/10Solid game, most of the ""exploits"" mentioned are actually intended.Sure, it is hard to combat these folks if you are not ""one of them"", but you can still have your fair share of fun.Tl;DR: Buy game, git gud."
,Not Recommended,219640,26080627,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,NAViGaTR™,this game is full of pumpkin heads and hackers
76561198208039397,Recommended,219640,23877944,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Burning Pubic Hair,ONE of the best games i have played in a while
,Recommended,219640,14814957,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Mega Shark,A melee 1st/3rd person game set in medieval era. Best of the genre that ive played.
,Not Recommended,219640,23384779,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,5irRandom,Wait for Mordhau.
,Recommended,219640,16404572,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The Nookster,"Only game where you can knock a man's head off with your bare fists in medieval era, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,29145088,Posted: 9 January,all,dama84pk,hahahahh very funy and stupid game for money is ridiculous
76561198065412101,Not Recommended,219640,17495483,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Eternal Tilt,Historically Innacurate - no horses
,Not Recommended,219640,30010286,Posted: 18 February,all,F00dCHAiN,aids
,Recommended,219640,7855059,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Akononymous,This game ♥♥♥♥ing rocks. Buy it.
,Not Recommended,219640,10162992,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Rajunah,A really nice ideal but not well executed... the way it is looks like a CS with swords and bows.....cant recommend this one.STAY AWAY from this game....What is sad is that i actually tried to like the game but couldn't.
,Not Recommended,219640,10133435,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Penguin Pounder,hate it cause it ran im lobby
,Not Recommended,219640,10144556,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Mythical Ostrich,No LAN or way to play privately with friends
76561198095315962,Recommended,219640,10153562,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,FreezyPoPCSGOLIVE.COM,a great game kinda laggy and dealiest warrior does not work for me right now
,Not Recommended,219640,12100314,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ALPRAS,"Probably the best mediavel battle game ever! Besides being good, it really makes you feel like a warrior in battle.Btw, expect being friendly killed many times, since when the war starts, everyone slashes...8,5/10Review on September 15th 2014EDIT:Review on January 23rd 2015Know what? No, Im not gonna give a good review to this game. After the 1st review I made, I've played much more, and just enough to hate the devs of this game. Since I bought the game, you know how many bugs and flaws got fixed? None. But wait, yo know how many skins and maps were added (full of bugs too)? Well, tons of them! Because money, thats why.i'll start with the problems:-Balance: The biggest problem of all. There's no such thing as team-balance in the game. You can be in a fight with a team of 14 people all from level 0 to 20 against a team of 19 people all from level 30 to 50. And guess what? The game doesn't care, it will not balance. Sometimes it does, but only in stupid moments and when it's not needed at all.Hit-box: It's just so fleaking broken. You never know if you're gonna hit or not. You can pierce trought the enemy from the back but surprises of surprises, he was using the shield in the opposite direction, so he manage to defend that!! And that's just one of the thousand of examples.Voting system: Imagine you have a team killer on your team and you and all of your team wants o kick him. Well, thats not gonna happen because the enemy team can vote too, and obviously they want a Tkiller ruinning your game. Normally you need 65% of positive votation to kick someone, but that's almost impossible to do, unless you are playing with nice people. This is just completely stupid and senseless. I mean, what the hell devs, what the hell is wrong with you? This is just so obivous!So yes, if you get yourself in a server with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ people, you better move out.Community: Some people are nice, but most of them are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ But that's a minor problem and happens in every online game.BUGS, BUGS, BUGS: There are so many bugs and flaws on the game it hurts. The hitbox is f****d up, sometimes an entire team doesn't spawn and you have the change map, you can get stuck in the scenario, the objectives don't update, you can fall or fly away from the map, etc, etc.This game is a game you love and hate at the same time. Sometimes you can have the game of your life and you can actually enjoy it. I love to play this game, but mostly, it just pisses me off, and you'll see yourself most of the time playing a sh*tty broken game where everything goes wrong. And not because of you, but because of it's damn flaws THAT SHOULD BE FIXED YEARS AGO. But no. Stupid and useless skins (made by the community btw) are the major hits. Mad with the bugs? Here, new over-priced weapon skins for you to buy.I'm only giving a bad rate because of the devs who are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,219640,1649189,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,bluntman420,This game is really fun! A gem for 25 bucks!!
,Recommended,219640,744678,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Major Dick Bong,This game has a dedicated 'scream your ♥♥♥♥ing head off' key.This is the best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever ♥♥♥♥ing made in the history of ♥♥♥♥ing everything ever.
,Not Recommended,219640,18537240,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Bereeco Scasthe,got kicked for team killing because someone stood in front of my shot
76561198108366707,Recommended,219640,20636739,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Goopie,Just like bad rats but with a slight twist
,Recommended,219640,10592344,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Chocobo,Popped two mollys while fighting a vanguard and lost my virginity to a mace to the face.
,Not Recommended,219640,24785399,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Arr,"Don't even bother to by this game. I played this game A LOT. And you know, it dumb because of players. Not saying, that people are bad or mean, no. Once upon a time this game was able to provide you with fun, but not anymore. It is no longer for newbies cause after lvl 15 you will be FORCED to spent months to get skill to have even a chance to stand against old players. Nowadays people tend to explot game mechanics and buggy engine in their advantage to became better. If you are ready to spent at least 100 hours dying and wathing other players playing - then go on. Otherwise you won't get anyting from this game. Except cancer."
,Recommended,219640,28463208,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Hymen Buster 5000,"stab people, very fun!GOOD game"
76561197971729061,Not Recommended,219640,23784818,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,PoiseZen,"It's like Skyrim with bad controls and hitboxes.You can have fun, but the crow is hostile and will be profaine.Deeper or  better tuned games are out there."
76561198062894432,Recommended,219640,11268652,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ebtg,Highly recommended for gamers who love skill-based games.
,Recommended,219640,6431381,"Posted: 14 December, 2012",all,coolguy 101,BIG
76561198038035580,Not Recommended,219640,22729041,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Scoutthomson,spin to win
,Not Recommended,219640,19091375,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Allison my love,Pay For Win
,Not Recommended,219640,34689487,Posted: 2 September,all,DDBBVV[ZOMS],"Two out of five stars. The best thing this game has going for it is the concept. There's not much else going for it. The mechanics are just stupidly broken. Maybe they fixed them since I last played but I was alienated by this title pretty quickly after buying it. The game modes are cool, the graphcs are fun, the music is nice, and there's no story driven narrative. If the game has improved please comment on this to let me know. If it hasn't, this title is all but unplayable."
76561198012457105,Not Recommended,219640,15919415,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Dot,"Gets boring after 10-20 games, the DLC is terrible.2/10 Would not buy again."
76561197998687087,Not Recommended,219640,29730857,Posted: 5 February,all,Ragni Skeletron,"They never should have revived chivalry, it was dead and it should have stayed that way.This game is breeding ground for toxic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who ruin the game for everyone else, and unfortunately they flock together and fill servers so they dont get kicked.This game will never do well, because it needs new players to grow, and due to these people it wont get them cause they wont put up with this♥♥♥♥♥♥and neither will I.Just look at the top reviews, all negative and with good reason.So unless you are a MOBA player, A loser, or A toxic♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you should avoid this game.0/10 Chivalry is dead boys, dont buy into the hype. That mostly positive rating is from bots and noobs."
76561198084433601,Recommended,219640,23914527,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mac,"Happy Wheels sound effect at the start of the trailer...This game is really fun, sadly there's a bunch of lag (at least for me), and once you get into higher levels, there are exploiters too. They take advantage of bugs to hit people behind them n stuff...For $25? No. No no no.For less than $10? I'd say it's worth it. If you're considering buying this game, wait for a good sale."
,Not Recommended,219640,13855193,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Vec,Rather play mount and blade. 3/10
76561198068983403,Recommended,219640,15706311,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mrxtreem129,Since i play on a mac it has a very low frame rate most of the time and lags like a ♥♥♥♥♥.Saying that however when there a a small amount of players or bots the game runs great and is very enjoyable.7/10
,Not Recommended,219640,17141796,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mr. J,"I cannot recommend this game right now.The big issue is the player base. You want to play a Knight or vanguard? Prepare to get hacked up repeatedly by idiots who play foot soldiers, who look like they broke their backs, while they jump around like monkies and wreck you.The game has been ruined by that toxic community we're all too familiar with.Sorry guys, I really used to enjoy this game. :/"
,Recommended,219640,27439836,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,straight up dead.,Good game
76561198156831616,Recommended,219640,30436863,Posted: 10 March,all,Cpt Gronk MudShark from Penrith,"According to a survey in September 2005 by the Italian pasta manufacturers Barilla, more than half of all Americans do not cook their pasta properly. With 88 per cent of American adults eating pasta at least once a year and 35 per cent eating it at least once a week, that’s a lot of pasta being prepared poorly.We surveyed a selection of chefs and Italian experts to highlight the mistakes people make and to get their hints and tips for cooking pasta properly. We came up with the top seven mistakes people make when cooking pasta1. Not using a big enough cooking panThis is probably the most common mistake people make when cooking pasta. You need a lot of water to cook pasta properly. The very minimum that the experts recommend is four quarts of water for one pound of pasta (just under 3.8 litres of water for 450 grams of pasta – so the best way to say this for those using metric measurements is that you need at least 4 litres of water for 500 grams of pasta ). However the experts we consulted said they would use between five and six quarts of water for each pound of pasta (4.75 litres to 5.7 litres per 500 grams) to get the very best results.If you do not use enough water to cook pasta then the water tends to become very cloudy (from the natural starches in the pasta), the pasta will not have enough space to move around and cook properly and very often it will stick to the side of the pan. Because the starch is not diluted enough, the pasta will become sticky and unpleasant.The problem for most people is that they tend not to have a big enough pan in their kitchen. If you cook pasta on a regular basis it is well worth going out and buying a specific pasta pot (with a good solid base – avoid any pan with a very thin base as it will not heat the water consistently) as you will really notice the difference in the taste of your pasta."
,Recommended,219640,10169240,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Orange Juice,Awesome game!!
,Not Recommended,219640,12542580,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,H20UK,it is just♥♥♥♥♥♥it dosent even block when you press the block button
,Recommended,219640,7773180,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,SqueezyLemon,"Easily one of the best games I've ever playedIf you are a fan of fighting games, FPS's, or just swordsPick this♥♥♥♥♥♥up"
,Recommended,219640,16610105,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Curlfageen,medieval mortal kombbat
76561198105978777,Not Recommended,219640,19679003,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,The Vindicator,"First off yes, i have over 100 hours into the game. Not much you say, well your right, compared to the other players in this game who have thousands of hours, yes 148 hours isn't that whole of alot. That being said, those 148 hours were a grind in itself, of me constantly installing and then uninstalling, and then reinstalling again. I've given this game so many    f ucking chances, i've lost count how many times i've reinstalled it. But i believe that this will be the last time i uninstall this game. Im am done with it. This game HAS the potential to be a good and balanced game. Unfortunately it has a toxic community, and a bunch of rainbowing exploiters. Yeah i said it, EXPLOITERS! You have a problem with me telling the truth, thats too bad.The toxic community derives from people just clicking the yes button to vote off someone from the game, even though half the time they are completely innocent to their punishment. Or in some cases, the whole lobby likes tof uck   with one person and kick him even though hes the one that was being tked intentionally I seen people who have been tk-ed for 3 min straight by some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, complain about it and try to vote him off, and then nothing happen. Then the same person who was tking the person will mockingly vote kick the person they were tking, and the poor guy will actually be kicked, lol!Next thing is exploiters, yes rainbowing is exploiting hit detection (which is ruining this game). The developers even said that they did not put it into the game INTENTIONALLY, they even said that themselves! Only reason they are now fine with it is because now 90% of the community now rainbows, and if the developers did anything to stop it their whole community would leave them. They are scared of their own fanbase lol, and that is some sad ♥♥♥♥. So yes, i am done with this game forever.Gameplay: 4.5/10Community: -10/10Overall Rating: 4/10"
76561198069086130,Recommended,219640,7785045,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,1-800-NiCESHOTS,game is good but frequent crashing
,Not Recommended,219640,18979728,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,TheLegend27,this game is boring af.... its fun for like 5 min but its not forgiving to new players at all. gameplay is slow and usually stupid looking...
,Recommended,219640,10163860,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Johnathan123,WOW I just played it and now i have to buy it wow
,Not Recommended,219640,10225072,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Young_Nut,Dont waste your money
76561198011134879,Recommended,219640,2690538,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,KhepriSun,"Amazing! Absolutely one of the most fun and satisfying games I've played in a while. Very innovative and enjoyable. Kinda difficult to start off, but fight through it! The game is fantastic and so rewarding when you get the hang of it! Lets see some heads roll!"
,Recommended,219640,10336950,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Emu Annihilator,Ye shall surrender yer innoncence to me loins or feel the wrath of thy king filthy peasant!
76561198077099499,Recommended,219640,10337292,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Sandman3033,This game is a great game to play
,Recommended,219640,10337328,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,LenKoalaMan,AMAZIN
,Recommended,219640,10339502,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Ironmanfaf,It was a lot of fun. Nothing deep about it at all. Just pick a class and kill people.
76561198027536796,Recommended,219640,10343099,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,georgetsag,Very nice 1st and 3rd person gameplay. Smooth movements and good-looking battle fields. An average variety of weapons and satisfying physics involved.
,Recommended,219640,10346279,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Brocolli,The best mediaeval fighter game released at the moment. Not as big of matches as the war of the... Series but better in nearly every way. Personally I'm not very good but I still love this game.
76561198040227099,Recommended,219640,10346764,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Tompsons,Very difficult to understand and controle in the beginning.But simply awesome!!!
76561198052280386,Recommended,219640,10349103,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,~Archer~,"I could go on and on about how awesome this game is so I will just say Chivalry is one of my favorite games right now, and situations that can occur in the game due to some of the awesome custom mods & maps are hilarious, and have had me literaly rolling on the floor trying to breath at times.  If you just dont wanna have fun then dont get this game....maybe take up crochet, or basketweaving (but hats off to the crocheters and weavers out there...we need those 'do-dads' and baskets!)"
76561198024760065,Recommended,219640,10357170,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Saint Jiub,FOR THE GLORY OF AGATHAAAAAAA!
76561198073619682,Recommended,219640,10361494,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Cybernout18,"If you want to buy this game, buy it now!!!"
76561198115791539,Recommended,219640,10362105,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,jam99chgo,"its a great game and most of the bugs have been tooned out, definitely worth getting"
76561198051783715,Recommended,219640,10369106,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Reckless Redcoat,"Indie games come and go, but NOT Chivalry! This game is a testament to Indie franchhises, providing ingenious combat systems, tasteful maps, humourous dialogue and energetic combat on uber steroids! 4 Classes to choose from, eahc with their own skills and flaws, but don't be shocked, these 4 classes have an entire ARMOURY of weapons and attachments to choose from, choose the right tool for the job. Chivalry demands teamplay to win, if you decide to do a CoD and go all lone wolf, prepare to watch your head roll on camera, becuase 50 swords will be parting your throat.Each new match is a fresh experiiecne, meaning you cannot hug the same tactic as you may encounter something else that sends you to the bottom of a scoreboard like an anvil to the bottom of a river, i.e. mastered fighting Knights with swords? Congrats, fight this Vanguard with a spear. Yeah, goodbye and ♥♥♥♥ you. Dialogue involves a drop-down menu allowing tactical quotes to urge your team forward, go for the objective or even target the poor Archers. Or personal quotes to ask friends to stick together, help you out or evemn taunt enemy players with brilliantly acted ye-old-English voices and lauguage.If you enjoy FPS/Hack n' Slash, Chivalry is right up your street. If you're a GoT fan like me, you have the oppertunity to FULL armour customisation and colouring, allowing Masons to be coloured like Lannister troops with emblems and colours, and the Agathians like Stark warriors with the insignias and colours. Just like I have! =) (Lannisters FTW!)Be warned, speaking of GoT, there are TOO MNAY people on these servers who actively spoil GoT, simply because they have read the books and thought it is justified so must let everyone else know. Selfish ♥♥♥♥♥♥s...9/10"
,Recommended,219640,10371489,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Jizconigrape,THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥FROO ♥♥♥♥♥ AXE MY COCLK ♥♥♥♥♥ CHIPCHAP ♥♥♥♥♥ CHOC HYAAAAAAA
,Recommended,219640,10375712,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,CravingJimbo,AGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,219640,10375937,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Dekari,"Blocking halberds with a dagger..No problem..Killing a full plated knight with a dagger... kinda hard, but with skill the gear doesn't matter...and for once hiding in a corner won't do much for you."
76561198107369911,Recommended,219640,10376067,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Bin_Laden Casts Vanish,"Basically Call of Duty but with a Medieval swing to it ;) Get it? Hah it was a pun. But seriously though. It's a great game, and the developers of Torn Banner did an outstanding job with this. Over the years of me and 1st person games, I've always thought it would be cool if they made a game that was medieval and used melee weps and bows/x-bows etc. When I saw Chivalry, I just couldn't resist but to buy it and try it. Normally I'm 100% on with my gaming choices and what I like to play and how I like my gameplay and Chivalry: Medieval Warfare definately fit my profile accordingly. Highly reccomend this to all"
,Recommended,219640,10376072,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Khal Teio,"Chivalry is amazing, action-packed skill based combat. I suggest saving your money on the Deadliest Warrior DLC and spending it on super rad skins for your favorite classes."
,Recommended,219640,10385848,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,UppedStingray7,this game is a awesome kight blood bath!
76561198087865993,Recommended,219640,9106326,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kawaii Hitler,"the game will not run. each time i load it it gets to the ripped banner logo and doesnt respond, i have all the requirments so have no idea why"
76561198044233611,Recommended,219640,7395205,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,rJarrr,"-Are you a sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?-Do you like exploding peoples faces with a massive hammer?-Do you need to carry a massive sword to, lets say, compensate for something you dont have?---->Well then this is the game for you you! Enjoy."
76561198056962409,Recommended,219640,9748527,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,The_Master,s
,Recommended,219640,9763457,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,ShadowmarkReturns,couldnt even play it on my potato of a computer....
76561198103084473,Recommended,219640,9766289,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,SlingBall,Chivalry is chaotic battle greatness. i suggest it. its the realistic and the craziness of well.. chivaly. it created its own chaos. lots of fun
76561198066513867,Recommended,219640,9728521,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Neko Swordsman,das♥♥♥♥♥♥is god
76561198064107181,Recommended,219640,9729072,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,BoostMeister ^,"So much fun, graphics are amazing, and gameplay is great"
76561198070129148,Recommended,219640,9729242,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Papa John,Punched a guy's head off.10/10 would punch again
76561198061229009,Recommended,219640,9733307,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Gunman8401,Best medieval fighting game ever!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,9735756,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Dulls,Stand up. Die. Stand up. Die. Stand up. Die. Stand up. ALMOST KILLED THAT ♥♥♥♥♥. Die.
,Recommended,219640,9757730,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Shady-,"To put it simply, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing great. If you feel the sudden urge to smash someones head with a spiked mace or pierce thier heart with a long sharp spear, this is the game to do it. Set your guns aside and step into the gritty world of medieval warfare where the battlefields are covered in blood and the warriors covered in brains."
76561198044965400,Recommended,219640,9770654,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Eliyahu_Anavim,Super amazing fun game
76561197978624503,Not Recommended,219640,9771790,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,-=[TsjuunTze]=-,Lot of bugs in the game!a crash or two in 10 min!
76561198065613288,Not Recommended,219640,9772070,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Tasty Leaf,"Well, this game lags alot on my computer and after a certain update my weapons were not making the enemy bleed or hurt them. It'so glitchy but i thought it was a good game, it is probably because of my laptop because Pcworld/Currys ripped me off. :(. only buy this game if your computer can run it well."
,Recommended,219640,9775816,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Sammimander,"This game is one of my favourite First Person Combat games of the last few months. It actually uses skill (I'm looking at you COD: GHOSTS) Overall, it's a good price at $25!"
,Recommended,219640,9777783,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Tarto,"Yes you have to buy the useless piece of sh*t Beta Chivalry, yes you miss the earlier discounts from this game so it cost you a lot now.But, i recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥slicing game :) 8/10"
76561198083579996,Recommended,219640,9786480,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Syas,THIS GAME SUCKS HARD AS  HELL DONT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,8038269,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Kesewan,"Archer: Archer Warfare is a pretty good game. Great archer combat, archer effects, and really pretty archers. While the archer leaves a bit to be desired, the game more than makes up for it in archers. If you do buy this game, make sure to play as either archer, archer, or archer. The community is great too, a lot of helpful archers and every archer is very friendly and accomodating. Would archer/10"
76561198039528301,Recommended,219640,8246791,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Jacob,"If you where looking for a First person slasher then you might wanna play chivalry medieval warfare, this game is as brutal as they come use a bow to headshot somone or go all in with a big axe and shop your enemy in two, the multiplayer team opjectives are really fun to do, and you will lose the track of time, i give this game 8.5/10"
,Recommended,219640,6964701,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,[PKU$] MLKoonTurd,This will get you to rage pretty bad. Lotta bugs. Very fun. Teamkillers everywhere. Good weapons. Arching is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing hard. 3stars
,Recommended,219640,8635190,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,az,"I'm rather enamoured by the unique flavour of online combat presented by Chivalry. It's fresh and fun, and like the very best games is easy to get into yet incredibly hard to master. I've honestly not had this much competitive online joy since Battlefield 3, and to think a $25 indie title can provide a level of enjoyment up there with a $100 million game like Battlefield is testimony to the skill of the developer."
,Recommended,219640,8527859,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,BigBadBaty,"""FOORR AAAAGGGGAAATHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!"""
,Recommended,219640,8522659,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Wade Wilson,mint
,Recommended,219640,9352415,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,twitch.tv/frazerpowers,"Chivalry is life, Chivalry is the lifeblood of the internet."
,Recommended,219640,8736976,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Smacking Ballsacks on Buttholes,Very fun.
,Recommended,219640,8738424,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Hovis,Remeber That head you had? Oh yeah! It just got screwed up by my Sword.
,Recommended,219640,8606577,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,WesticalRex,This game is so much fun.
,Recommended,219640,8743493,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Shay,Great game. Well worth the cost of it.
,Recommended,219640,8445258,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Goon,Amazing Game but requires alot of skill to be good!
76561198099145743,Recommended,219640,8189535,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Little Billy,you must get this games do a deal with youre perestes or gardeans
,Recommended,219640,8536961,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,skramzy,Phenomenal.
76561197967792556,Recommended,219640,8370593,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Abraxas,"Fun MP Game for those missing the feel of just melee combat and taking heads and limbs off, is quit satisfying. Pretty Graphics a most have game to support PC gaming.I always think the unreal engine looks and runs lovley on most PC set ups, can be sluggish at first the contriols but once you get use to it, you'll be having fun in the maps and game modes with the humourous cries and yelps of joy and pain.HAppy Gaming"
,Recommended,219640,8724280,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,President Donald J. Trump,This game is hours upon hours of first-person hack-and-slash medieval action. Choose from four classes and play them to their fullest potential.Final Verdict: One of the most fun games i've played in a while
,Recommended,219640,8600474,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,PremiumBohemian,"Chivs. Good ol Chivs.This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing mess. Of bugs...and teamkillings...and limb removal...OP class + weapon combos...trolls. I could go on seriously. But all that said? I love it.Despite many of the shortcomings (and there are many) that come with this game, its an absolute riot from the first kill. As a noob you come in swinging, cleaving and hacking your way to 2/10 KD with 6 team kills under your belt..and its SO god damn fun.After a while you may, or may not, develop a taste for the more refined methodical combat style that you have to learn to become good. There is quite a learning curve, but you begin to discover its much about timing as it is technique. So fear not nooby teamkilling lvl 5 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!! You will rise to the rank of pretty good eventually (although, still lvl 5 with no unlocks as it seems Torn Banner give no ♥♥♥♥s)Chivalry: Medieval Warfare rocks and is some of the most fun you will have in a game, bugs and all!"
,Recommended,219640,9537997,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Communicat-e™,If you ever feel like chopping some heads off and tearing some limbs while being the biggest badass? If so its for you...
76561198124947472,Recommended,219640,10159619,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Ghostman,IS GOOD AND FUN
,Recommended,219640,10159803,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NadaPrada,Its AWSOME ! if you liek chopping =)
76561198114098939,Recommended,219640,10157957,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Suzurai,Preety much awesome game.
76561198007075700,Recommended,219640,10158222,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NatsuGG,Nice Game :)
76561198101292870,Recommended,219640,10158234,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Lithgyboy,This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥and you get to chop people!!! :D
76561198104521441,Recommended,219640,8275628,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Radies_12,Amazing Game Its A No-BrainerMust Buy!!!
76561198099026066,Recommended,219640,9308943,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Hovis,This game is so much fun a good laugh with your mates i have have so much fun playing. *****
,Recommended,219640,14683911,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Harold,10/10 ign
,Recommended,219640,13049084,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Cteklite,It's graphics are so good you'll kill your teammates on purpose to be the toughest fisticuff warrior of all.AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198150000181,Recommended,219640,14030443,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,HolyDonkey,"Kinda cool, but fight should be smoother. I saw better networking implementation in other similar games."
,Recommended,219640,19944335,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,O C E A N  M A N,"An astonishing work of art with good graphics, solid mechanics and a nice, visceral combat system.The downside is the ""wonderful"" vote-kick system that will give you a pretty long IP ban if you even happen to hit a team-mate once and have no enemy kills. Sadly, this game is full of kids that kick you for no specific reason, and it's kind of frustrating.Overall, good game."
,Recommended,219640,16413969,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,motorcykel,10/10 would Middle Age again
,Recommended,219640,16542296,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Corghall,*Gets killed by a greatsword**Uses greatsword**Gets killed by flail**Uses flail**Repeat*The time waited for Half Life 3/10
76561198087196854,Recommended,219640,20226502,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,where is the clitoris,tis quite good
,Recommended,219640,29048036,Posted: 5 January,all,Potatospiderman,"This game is fun, just be prepared for beyblades."
,Recommended,219640,17897236,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,OhThatsFoxy,This game hurts me.This game makes me want to quit gaming.This game makes me feel awful.This game has introduced me to some of the worst people on the internet.This game has a community that makes ♥♥♥♥♥ look adorable.This game has a dreadful combat system.This game makes me hate bows and arrows.This game makes me hate small weasely people in general.This game has taken sunlight away from my life.This game has turned me into a masochist.10/10 Would argue about feints again.
,Recommended,219640,17893356,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Triton1016,Its cool but kind of laggy
,Recommended,219640,17894819,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Claire.,1. Bought it with discount2. Played coluseum3. Drew First Blood4. Chop some meat5. Laught a lotSummary : Worth It.
76561198046252333,Recommended,219640,5196264,"Posted: 24 October, 2012",all,Einhert,If you sit and complain about there being bland games that are not innovative who use the same boring formula over again and you dont check out great indie titles like this you are a complete and utter walking contradiction and you should probably just cease to exist.
76561198168313892,Recommended,219640,16500026,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Still working,I'ts k..
76561198115432740,Not Recommended,219640,16368462,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,JLB22,Rubbish dont waste your time or money on this tripe
,Recommended,219640,13965602,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Actual Steve Buscemi,Oil pot/10
,Recommended,219640,12987671,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Roadman with the Timbs,If you are some Yankie doodle who wants to learn proper medieval warfare.You came to the wrong place.10 Morning stars out of 10 Morning stars
,Recommended,219640,22886118,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,SilverStrats,I slung my sword at somebody faster than bush dropped the twin towers 10/10
76561197999918507,Not Recommended,219640,14103964,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Maxout2142,"Compared to Mount and Blade this game felt like a rip off. The melee combat is based on click and you will slash combat with a bit of button variation. The game just felt bland, like expecting game depth in a puddle. Once you’ve played a round you’ve played it all."
,Recommended,219640,9656042,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,withche07 (Mert) 🇹🇷,*Running & screaming while hurling your sword randomly* simulator.And It is funny as hell!
76561198065283903,Recommended,219640,10246869,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Society's Favorite Mess,really good game 10/10
76561198120368473,Recommended,219640,10165614,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,JinjerBred,"This game moves a little fast at first, but you get used to it, i highly recomend it"
,Recommended,219640,18925560,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Daniel cassar,iut si a cool game
,Not Recommended,219640,20240204,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sock,no way to play it guy is running smashing left button like idiot no way to attack on him worst 2€ ever spent...
76561198065907838,Recommended,219640,20409596,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,The Woat and a Soggy Kazoo,This game is full of exciting erotica and you see kylo ren getting ♥♥♥♥ed by cheewbacca or a man in a furry costume as chewieAll while kylo kills Han
,Recommended,219640,20371629,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Kagura,YES ME LOVE HEAD SLICING .
,Recommended,219640,20356163,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,vasika ethan nick,it gut
76561198141511906,Recommended,219640,20310572,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gatsby,I have to o
,Recommended,219640,10339362,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,MudShark,"good game,♥♥♥♥♥♥community. full of great potential, but blocked by overpowered classes and cheating douches."
,Recommended,219640,8385871,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Magoo,"Very Addicting! can be frustrating, but really fun! wish the dlc was free =["
,Recommended,219640,11146960,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,friendlydad7,scary u might chop ur head off o/say b ye to ur head i guess \o byeo/ur head---> osorry
76561198119652810,Recommended,219640,16571355,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,VapeDank,Best Game everr
,Recommended,219640,18553369,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Sir Douche III,yes
76561198052788918,Recommended,219640,18485410,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Savage10153,This game is fun but takes a long time to get used to playing.
,Recommended,219640,18553650,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,csgobounty.com csgotower.com,Epic... :D
,Recommended,219640,8387409,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Maddogs10,It is a great first person medieval combat game.
,Recommended,219640,1982614,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,mr lu,boss game
,Recommended,219640,8548786,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Gadwall7,"I highly recommend this game.From the simple mechanics and gameplay, to the highly addictive playstyle, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a very enjoyable game. There is no clear upperhand with any weapon, as each weapon is balanced perfectly. The classes all have balanced strong and weak points.This game is definatly worth your money."
,Not Recommended,219640,18547532,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Kazuma Kiryu,"I don't know if there's something wrong with my laptop or graphics card or the graphics driver, the game keeps on stuttering, and I can't even get into a game without the screen freezing."
76561198007957376,Not Recommended,219640,18510167,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,LuckyLuke007,Best ping kick simulator. Dont bother with this game unless you live in the UK or USA. The servers are mostly populated by ****holes that will kick you if you ping is anywhere above 150. So not recommended unless you live in the aformentioned countries.
76561198095062758,Recommended,219640,18657361,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,慶一キングハーレム,i think this gmae is funny...funny huh..? TEAM KILL!!what happened in this world when rookie kill team mate
,Not Recommended,219640,17954150,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Im Probally High Right Now,I would not recomend this game if you are playing on a mac because the FPS is very low ig and you have to lower ur settings so then the game looks terrible
,Not Recommended,219640,22874660,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Wild Wolf,"♥♥♥♥ this game, it sucks."
,Recommended,219640,14942499,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Aim2Game,I wish I could archer :(
,Recommended,219640,8553034,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mr Red,good game but the dlc is absolutly wank
76561198212416132,Recommended,219640,28388729,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,✞☣Saint Chicken☣✞,"Ooh, I can write a review!Well, the pros, let's sta...*gurgles on own blood because this game is awesome*RESPAWNS*ehem*, and the cons, ther...*head melts due to cauldron of burning oil being tossed on myself*"
76561198092104831,Not Recommended,219640,9363464,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,GoatLover_,doesnt work it can go ♥♥♥♥ it self
76561198016839106,Recommended,219640,3064466,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,KGM 3 DRIZZT,Muito viciante!
76561198148562451,Recommended,219640,25406306,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,space,looks like a good game
,Recommended,219640,8753934,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,TheFitOne,Best medieval game for decapitating! :)))
,Recommended,219640,15698414,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Arcky,"carnage incoming, but hard to master ;-)"
,Recommended,219640,24814110,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,LLAMAPILLAR,#allpeasantsmustdie
76561198254607920,Recommended,219640,25405184,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Cereal-Killer,"Medieval is good, i like this games...umm about 85%"
,Recommended,219640,23310418,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Maranasati,"Slay your enemies, and mutilate their corpses!"
,Not Recommended,219640,13575675,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Randy Farmskins.com,the battles are nice and all but to get any new weapons you have to buy them and i havent bought any because everyone is like 2 $ wish I could get a refund
76561198138849277,Recommended,219640,13034980,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,danksoulswithswag,this game rocks
,Not Recommended,219640,13092994,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dogheadfish,"Not a great game, but not  too bad"
,Recommended,219640,15691507,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,sentient,Chivalry: Medieval WarfareBoth new player friendly and pro friendlyGreat couple of modsSatisfying kills and gameplayGoreNice reward systemAll Around fun8.7/10
,Recommended,219640,1955352,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,gta_manic,"If you played the source mod and liked it then you going to have fun. Everything is just better then what it was as just a mod, and it was damn good before."
76561198099053198,Recommended,219640,17127641,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,LostSoul,chop slice cut shred
,Recommended,219640,10420468,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,VoidHoly,Super game to spend time it is fun!
76561198063400654,Recommended,219640,15070761,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,tibby,can decapitate10/10
76561198319300030,Not Recommended,219640,28198494,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,"If i lose, its cuz of you",13 hours into this game. i have not enjoyed one second of it. nothing but stress.
76561198039856731,Recommended,219640,14557304,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,SmeggyEggyDip,I liek eet
,Recommended,219640,14548307,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,unknownK,"""9.5"" ""It's ok."" -IGN"
76561197992397916,Recommended,219640,14700654,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Shadowslain,"shot a guy in the throat with an arrow didnt die, shot him in the knee however..."
76561198010505891,Recommended,219640,15777935,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Gaghskull,Want to win at YEELLLLLLLINNNNNG? Play this game. Then chop someone's head off. You'll life and then get real sad when a crossbow bolt goes through your brain.
,Recommended,219640,16902905,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,My PC is Dead,a bottle of whiskey and then swing an axe on someone's face.10/10 Perfefct Sunday night.
76561197966289543,Recommended,219640,15314756,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Jerubafat,For the king!
,Recommended,219640,16781766,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,testoo7,+1
76561198070235522,Recommended,219640,15695867,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Snow,This is a great game and the deadliest warrior dlc is really good too but finding a server in certain areas like new zealand is the only problem I have if there was a better connectivity then this game would be a lot better.
76561198037768500,Recommended,219640,16363572,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Robin Da Hood,Amazing.
76561197976840302,Recommended,219640,14506454,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Golgatha,o.o... tis but a scratch. Buy this game for the fun times!
,Recommended,219640,6487391,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Lynx21,Once you get this game you would get addicted! So get it now!!
,Recommended,219640,5037637,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,The Doujinshi Connoisseur,"DO NOT buy this game unless its on sale, fun gameplay but too many glitches,bugs and this game should cost alot less for its limited mechanics"
,Recommended,219640,16249527,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Obama,badass way of releasing a game set in the midevil ages
76561198043099385,Recommended,219640,18596085,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Gigaboomer,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare.Chivalry is a medieval based MMO game that allows you and your friends to to play as medieval knights vanguards archers and more.There are several game modes for chivalry such as Team Objective, Team Death Match, Last Team Standing and more.There are four basic classes in Chivalry.The Archer.Though the archer has no armour it has the second fastest speed of any class. Equipped with either a Bow which has good speed and descent damage however it lacks in range and is a bit weaker than the crossbow. The crossbow with devestating damage and descent range it lacks in speed. Javelin with medium damage range and speed the javelin also comes with a small sheild which helps allot when blocking against other archers and soldiers. Or the sling with medium damage but low speed and low range, the sling however increases your movement speed and allows you to run faster than archers that have a bow javelin or crossbow equipped.There three variations of each of the weapons that you can unlock by playing and increasing your characters level.This is a class best suited to someone who likes to look at the battle from afar and pick off enemies one by one rather than charging in head first.Man-At-Arms.With the second lowest rating of armour and the highest sprint speed in the game the Man-At-Arms weilds a range of short to long range primary weapons as well as a short dagger and throwing knives. With this class you can chose to either have a ranged weapon or a shield equipped with you, if you use the default Broadsword you will have medium-high damage with medium speed and low range. If you use the hatchet you will have slightly higher speed but lower range with the same amount of damage. If you use the morning star mace you will have slightly more speed than the default broadsword but lower damage and the same range. If you use the quarter staff you have greatly increased range but with lower damage and raoughly the same speed as the other weapons.This is as close as you'll get to a beserker in this game. Fast, and deadly the Man-At-Arms truly brings devestation to the game.Vanguard.the vanguard specialises in heavy but fast close quarter combat with medium armour and speed. Equipped with either a Great sword or a pole arm you make your enemies truly know what pain is. Also equipped with throwing knives or tomahawks you can rush in and take your chances or damage your enemy from a distance first then take the final blow up close. The Greatsword with high damage low speed and medium range. The Spear with slightly reduced damage but increased speed and range. The Bardiche with very high damage reduced speed and medium range. The Pole Hammer, with extremely high damage low speed and medium range.This is a class for people who like to get up close and personal but also keep a good distance between you and your enemy using you long close quarter weapon.Knight.With the highest armour ingame he also has the lowest sprint speed in the game. Depending on your primary weapon will determain if you have a single heavy weapon or a shield and primary. Eqipped with the default double axe you have devestating damage but with very low speed and range. With the war hammer you have high damage, medium speed and low range. With the longsword you have very high damage with medium-low speed and medium range. With the flail you have medium-high damage, medium speed and low range.The knight is a class best suited for a player who likes to charge straight into the battle as they can take a hit and definately deal one back.With allot of messy blood, gore and violence this game isn't really suitable for people under 15 years of age.All in all a great game difinately worth the money and time."
,Recommended,219640,18957652,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,protagonisteN,"Best hack 'n' slash FPS out there. Immersive gameplay and you can really outplay someone by dodging, jumping, controlling the timing of your swings etc. Not simply spam left-click and hope for the best."
,Recommended,219640,6737398,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Milo-Shekels Op,FUN COZ U GET 2 CUT OFF PPLZ LIMBS
,Recommended,219640,16410690,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,yung mohandus,"""k"" - ign"
,Recommended,219640,14091017,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Pleb God,Is there honestly anything more satisfying than chopping off the heads of wretched traitors? No. Buy this game.
,Recommended,219640,15586070,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Greenagon,got teamswitched without any notice and started decapitating my whole team10/10
,Recommended,219640,8536542,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,RiotMann,Bananas
,Recommended,219640,14754675,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Shampoop,this is very good for all LotR fans
76561198044562543,Recommended,219640,22920616,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Hiwter G2A,Perfect game if you want to practive your beheadings before the ransom video!
,Not Recommended,219640,10754373,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,nachdowa,"This game has some real issues regarding the speed, every time you play you actions are one second before these actually take place in the game. You can notice this very easily just by looking at the spring and blocking. And no matter how many things you remove to enhace the speed it just stays the same. At least I bought for only 8 dollars"
,Recommended,219640,13623591,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Trashy White Girl,10/10 the greatest yelling simulator on Steam
76561198008769838,Recommended,219640,9656757,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Gasvaer,its a good fighting game where you just hack and slash down people.
76561198043076089,Recommended,219640,9673251,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Ricefield Marauder,Very fun battles multiplayer with many gamemodes.  Best swordplay in any videogame in my opinion.
,Recommended,219640,9631971,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,BrendyBear,"Very fun game, The Deadliest Warrior DLC is amazing! but even without it, I enjoy this game way too much. Now that the Steam Workshop feature has been added, there are many mods that will keep you entertained for hours on end.10/10"
76561198101083226,Recommended,219640,9690352,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Fat Grip Joey,I chopped a guy's head off and said terribly sorry 10/10
76561198040723614,Recommended,219640,8130977,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Shannza,Pretty fun
76561198081791150,Recommended,219640,20550282,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,•҉Ra,"played a bit, i like it"
,Recommended,219640,18826802,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,-bZ-jlewis709,simple but fun. really fun
76561198057670615,Not Recommended,219640,10866102,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,"Regis-Robert, c'est mon prénom",Didn't understand why everbody love to play this game. Must be going old...
76561197966542494,Recommended,219640,20294587,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Caffeine,Game is hilarious and worth 50 bucks let along 2.50 for steam sale.
76561198037824063,Not Recommended,219640,25531424,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Panzerotto,"This is a game that is really fun in the first hours of gameplay, but when you level up you realize how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the meta-game is. Because the attack direction is determined by the direction the mouse is pointing to, you basically play among knights which look like complete idiots, siwnging their swords behind them while they rotate like they were on ketamine, just to perform efficient attacks, such as the ""rainbow dash"". I' ve bought this game thinking it would be a nice medieval combat simulation or something like that, but all i got were idiots with an armour and a sword jumping and striking confusedly."
,Recommended,219640,8248701,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,BubbleBath,good good
,Recommended,219640,21805977,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Branch Boy,"I personally love this game, it's a really nice change from typical FPS. The combat is good, and when you die, you know it's a mistake on your part, not the games. I'd give screaming man simulator 8/10."
,Recommended,219640,21800988,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Larry (new profile in desc),yaaa
76561198080402883,Recommended,219640,21972687,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Harbinger of Chaos,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ ~ - ,ﾚ　ノ　　~ ヽ_つ -~/　/After I played:\ | / *.~／ﾌﾌ - * '　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) \＼/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,219640,21808386,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[RwFy] jflem69,yes this game made me want to pee
,Recommended,219640,21944388,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Rick,Really fun and violent game.The graphic is good and the gameplay is really enjoyable.( So much better with friends :D )I really recommend it!Tipp: Buy this game when it's just 1.64eur ;)
,Recommended,219640,21964889,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,K. V. Bones,As I swing my sword I imagine all the maidens I have drenched in my noble kingdom and that when I will return home as they off fine mead and dropped britches.
76561198137394891,Recommended,219640,21965763,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Nervus,"one of the best games i ever played,,high skill needed,,no hack and slash here,,,"
,Recommended,219640,21989570,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Tysarmy,"FOR THE GLORY OF AGATHA! Unless you're Mason scum, in which case, for the glory of bleach."
76561198154491076,Recommended,219640,21862454,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,olmelton1,"This is the type of game that makes you scream, swear, and hate everything and everyone, yet for some reason you can't stop playing. The combat is so different from the average fps that it's hard to get used to. Even so, it is really fun to watch skulls burst open, heads roll on the ground, and medieval soldiers scream in agony."
,Recommended,219640,21862746,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,FiddilyDiddily,"Crush your enemies,See them driven before you,And hear the lamentation of the women!i r8 8/8"
76561198244566724,Recommended,219640,21863348,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,A Twisted Prism,"The first thing that I can say about this game is that it's very fun, but like any other online game it can make you rage faster than you can say: ""HOW DID HE ♥♥♥♥ING KILL ME"". I've seen a bunch of reviews talking about the abuse of the hitboxes and exploits of the games mechanics, and I don't disagree with what you're saying. It's extremely frustrating, HOWEVER, even though I myself am only level 21 it is possible to learn how to play against and win against veteran players. It just takes time to get good at any game, and if you want to uninstall this game or try to refund it you really just aren't trying enough to get into the game. All and all it's a good game, and I can guarantee you that if you ask a higher level player to help you better yourself you will eventually find one or more that are wiling to help. Just beware of trolls, they run rampant in games like this. That is all!10/10 would cut peoples limbs off again and again"
76561198113510549,Recommended,219640,21874433,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Empire of the Rus,"An absoluely amazing game! The game modes are plentiful and interesting. What would be nice, however, is a single player campaign in Medieval Europe."
76561198101435040,Recommended,219640,21880340,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,PJD | Adelaide,im a govornor
,Recommended,219640,21915220,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,|̿ V ̿| I K E C H A O T I X,10/10 would decapitate again.
76561198233364268,Recommended,219640,21957569,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Toaster,Great game.Peanut butter and J
76561198115206852,Recommended,219640,21975967,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,grummpy.bobby,great game is a lot of fun once you learn
,Recommended,219640,21978608,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SeekerShe,I can still say that it's easily one of the best games I've ever played even though I got banned(while having a big number of skins) on it because I had Cheat Engine open which I was using on another game. (FTL)Oh well... *sigh*
,Not Recommended,219640,25403849,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Johnny,This game is not worth the money.
,Recommended,219640,21759392,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Rambonxious Puppy™,"Alongside being the most realistic medeival combat simulator out there, this game has hands down the best community I've EVER seen in a game. Easy to learn, hard to master. 10/10."
,Recommended,219640,16545253,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Invaliid Error,Lots of fun
,Recommended,219640,2142875,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,Erotic Squid,Buy it now. especially for the screaming. GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,13626652,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,☯Macca☯,controlls are really unresponsive and the servers are fairly bad too. also if you get the deadliest warrior add on the spartans are so overpowered 4/10
76561198030776533,Recommended,219640,19953834,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,very nice,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Not Recommended,219640,28498756,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Lord Nut,Runs like garbage
,Recommended,219640,7869257,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,John Midway,One of the best medieval fighting games out there. Its worth a look
76561198083811944,Recommended,219640,16362068,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Metal Gear Cosby,rubbing my hands like birdman10/10
,Recommended,219640,16496068,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Swaggy Rogers,dis gaem iz ♥♥♥♥'
,Recommended,219640,19927595,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,็็,such a great game!
,Recommended,219640,19930935,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mike Oxlong,Helped me through TFW NO GF - 10/10
76561198049653894,Recommended,219640,5430908,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Darkrachet,GAME IS FULL OF SCUMBAG♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S AND IT GETS ABOUT 1 UPDATE EVERY 6 MONTHS
76561198360233010,Recommended,219640,29855371,Posted: 11 February,all,GenericPig,this game is sooo fun
,Recommended,219640,16515018,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,NartsiWizard,"""For the watch""10/10 would stab again"
,Recommended,219640,16529437,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,new hampshire,Played one game with my friendWe played againHis toaster lagged so hard it made 7 goblins hornyShould be called Chivalry: Midieval Wifi10 Whiterun Guards/6 Solitude GuardsWould lag again
,Recommended,219640,16533846,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sninctbur,Friendly Fire Simulator 2015
,Recommended,219640,16538862,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,U31inked,Just yes how could you not like this game?
,Recommended,219640,16512468,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,KOR4Y,grafiksel olarak yeterli ve multiplayer a yeni bir eğlence katmış
76561198048761073,Recommended,219640,29859655,Posted: 11 February,all,Modlio,Cause' it's better than For Honour
,Recommended,219640,16538057,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,゙゚゙CrucialBunny,"a slasher, but this is not samurai warriors or other games by koei. you have to time, aim and swing your weapon in order to deliver a strike. simply pointing the crosshair at an enemy and swinging wont do most of the time. it takes time to learn the mechanics, the people that complain ""rack the disciprin"". this is a very good game if you try and learn how to play it. also, you have to accept that you will be killed, many, many, many times before you figure things out.10/10 with another +5 for the voice acting during battle and deaths, a must have."
,Recommended,219640,13022434,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,i am the king of smash,"It's pretty... Dull... But nethier the less I liked it, atleast when you get used to you're character saying 'NNNGGG"" 24/7"
,Recommended,219640,10364376,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,The White Fox,"Medieval violence at its finest.Tight controls, lots of skill involved and its really fun."
,Recommended,219640,14557211,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ryioon,I'm a pirate
,Recommended,219640,14641649,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz,Great game to play when you don't know what else to play.
,Recommended,219640,12674204,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Ratboy,saw a body go flying cross mapGG 10/10
76561198095815858,Recommended,219640,7801527,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TomahawkMan13,Literally a game where you hold open doors for women
,Recommended,219640,8690051,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Daddy Mum-ra,"Great FPS, The controls handle well and are responsive, the gameplay is seriously good and amazing."
,Recommended,219640,8070786,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Maverick,"You are a knight, you get sword and chop limbs. It's great."
76561198093442639,Not Recommended,219640,13537395,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Skrub,THIS GAME SUCKS♥♥♥♥
76561197994688752,Recommended,219640,11954803,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Dad,♥♥♥♥ my♥♥♥♥
76561198068142189,Recommended,219640,13563296,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,vart,hudur
,Recommended,219640,10932510,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,WeAreZebras,Hands down the best melee combat engine i'v ever encounterd. the game requires skill which is becoming rare in the competative multiplayer pvp genre. overall a very fun game.
76561198084571377,Recommended,219640,7423737,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Blais,♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198062316532,Recommended,219640,8260027,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,taxed_anarchy,My last rating was reflective of its very poor quality network.Now-a-days its all it could be and they are basically at the point of just adding content and etc. Pretty great game once you get the hang of it.
,Recommended,219640,11597859,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,HELIOCENTRIC DEMISE,Do you want one of my pizza rolls?
,Recommended,219640,6487281,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Wumbo,head exploded while saying sorry 8/8 would kick off a cliff again
76561198038065619,Recommended,219640,4494693,"Posted: 13 November, 2012",all,Deadwulf,dit moet je echt proberen
76561198027482491,Recommended,219640,11071578,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Jolly,"Reverence for your fellow man as his limbs are chopped off and you hear him gurgling on his own blood as he lets out his last breath are a common occurrence in the chivalry playground of battle. This game is hard, but fun, and the voice samples are amazing. Just be warned you will be killed by your team mates... There is friendly fire. Or should I say friendly m1 cleave abandon. But yeah personally I haven’t experienced anything like it and in general you’re bound to have a good time, until you find that kid who is over-head attacking you backwards and hitting you…"
76561198074248994,Recommended,219640,6754728,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Eva-02,"Эй ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥и, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ая игра."
,Recommended,219640,10807478,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,THEY CALL ME UNCLE,BEST MEDIEFAL FPS WAR!!!!!8/10
,Recommended,219640,8042783,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ATrustedHipster,Its ♥♥♥♥ing epic! You should ♥♥♥♥ing get it
,Recommended,219640,8044518,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Kingbluedog,"One of the most satifying games to play. Whether it's by arrow to the face, or punching a mans head in, either way heads will roll, and in some cases, in pieces. The Melee style of play is quick and require knowing your enemy to successfully bash him in with a giant hammer. Note: it's multiplayer  only and it can result in screaming at the monitor and wilding swinging."
76561198059553077,Recommended,219640,8046594,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,gulliroy,good
,Recommended,219640,8047661,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Porta,"I liked this game from the beginning. No magic or mages, no dwarfs or elves, just men from the medieval ages with axes and swords. Every fight is worth a cheer and a clap on the shoulder as it's NOT easy to win against other people, especially with enemies creeping up behind you when you're busy with their mate. Also added bots for practice lately. Made me a hell of a lot better. But the game has a major flaw though. The controls are REALLY clumsy and difficult, but it all comes with practice if you're patient enough. But now you're warned.Graphics good, audio and voiceacting is superb (the warcries!).6/10 for repetetive gameplay, clumsy- and not newbfriendly controls. But that is one STRONG 6/10!"
,Recommended,219640,8047937,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Doublew2474,"EXTREAMLY fun, and a great time killer. not for those with a weak stomach it can get pretty gory, but if your into realism (like me) then its the game for you."
,Recommended,219640,8055479,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,zelldec,"Like Call of Duty... But with swords, axes, and bows!"
,Recommended,219640,8063418,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Wireless Bread,Best LARP sim around!
76561198042537930,Recommended,219640,8064001,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Lustplum,"As much as this game pisses me off (I suck so hard), it really is a first class FPS, first person slasher. The hilarious sounds they make when they die, team-killing your dear friends, decapitating your hated enemies, what's not to like about this game?The only thing I don't like about this game, ironically, is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ team killers. Hypocritcal I know. But here's why: i'm only a jerk to my friends. If I know you really well, i'm going to kill you once or twice. If I don't know you, i'm not going to touch you, at least not purposely. There's guys out there who literally kill their own team for fun, and despite the kicking option in-game, it just ruins part of the fun. It's not technically a game issue, moreso a social issue, but it's there nonetheless.Grab some friends and hit this game up. You won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,219640,9811790,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Slags,"I have a pretty good computer, and this game lags a lot. I tried messing with the settings, it would be better. Continually, when i wasn't lagging, I was getting wrecked by the try hards in a low rank server. Don't get this game because it's just annoying. REALLY REALLY disappointed with this game.Not a great game, glad I bought it on sale so I didn't waste as much of my money."
,Recommended,219640,9709549,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Mercy404,Best first person melee combat game I've played.
,Recommended,219640,9741576,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,YM,"Fun but, a  bit hard for begginners. Never had played Medieval FPS. FUN!"
76561198015596625,Recommended,219640,2993730,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Jayvrekk,"Crashin' Bashin' fun, Decapitatin', and killin' ♥♥♥♥♥es. If you don't like this game, I HATE YOU... I... HATE YOU."
,Recommended,219640,19071592,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,MegaMoth,Definitely beats garden warfare and modern warfare.
,Recommended,219640,19068513,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Mt. Yellow True Monarch,Where are them players?
76561198079628719,Not Recommended,219640,18967645,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,MxCarter CS.MONEY,Grahpics are no where as good in game as they are in the video
,Not Recommended,219640,17842182,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,gorgonheap,"This game was once so amazing. I bought it. I loved it. And now it  charges for everything. The skill descrepency and balancing is completely whacked. So once you've given them your money you can pay them even more for better equipment. And still loose to highly skilled and veteren players. It's with great sadness that I now give Chivalry a negative review. I want to love you again, but you've changed so much."
,Not Recommended,219640,17851629,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,I3.Zozzi,"It was fun in the past but now you only found hackers ( can't parry their attack , instant 360 turn around + instant parry when you try to stab them behind , they know where you are even if they look the ground or the sky , etc....) this game needs a massive banhammer and more secured servers!"
,Not Recommended,219640,17858853,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Magic Covfefe,combat system is god-awful and full of cheap exploits.
,Recommended,219640,17890533,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Joe Flacco,great game
,Recommended,219640,17891460,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,noxoNN - SaiyajiNN God <3,I love this game. <3
76561198110322665,Recommended,219640,17891603,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Aramis,"This game is so good, tryingt to describe it is like trying to describe the smell of a fresh baked cake.Allthough the mechanics can be quite a challenge to master, once you get the hang of it and you've found your favorite weapons and classes, this game is a downright jewel.Personal rating: 8/10"
76561198145939175,Not Recommended,219640,17012741,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,TheRealKarrigan,No
,Recommended,219640,8536545,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Cpt. Stig,Very fun game when playing with friends. When played alone it can get boring after a while.
76561198050776986,Recommended,219640,10859569,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,im a gay 40 yr old virgin,"This Game is crazy, the combat is the best of any game i have played and the craziness that happens is incredible. It looks amazing. HIghly recomend it as a great online experience."
,Recommended,219640,14692038,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Vape,pretty fun after a little while...
76561198110454264,Recommended,219640,16070666,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Hippoangel99,i read a freinds review: raging sim 2014*plays game* i dont see the rage here!(20 mins later FFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
76561198078590310,Recommended,219640,8854003,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Mayweather,they should fix the weapon unlcok system
,Recommended,219640,10370545,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Müsta,"Everyone is an ash-hole, which makes killing them a lot funnner."
76561198028051277,Not Recommended,219640,16651318,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BuliwyfZRage,"One of the worst (standalone?) Games I have ever played so far.As someone who loved the Mod, I cannot recommend buying this Game at all. Rather recommend to play the Mod, its pretty much the same deal except its not build on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, awful looking Engine."
,Recommended,219640,17883824,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Double Jesus,Played for a little bit. It's ok.
76561198021802451,Recommended,219640,3384022,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Fenrir,great game
76561198005133377,Recommended,219640,16274499,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Baskakov.Dima,"Kinda realistic game about medieval combat. With some mistakes, surely, and with some restrictions because of game mechanics.Kinda all I can say."
76561198114304415,Recommended,219640,18720013,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Salty Weeaboo,this game is awesome i would recomend this to averyone because this is the best game ever!!!!
,Recommended,219640,18164185,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,qonf,Naughty knights simulator 1355.
76561197991844396,Recommended,219640,1347092,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,Lorus,Buckets of fun!
,Not Recommended,219640,22467653,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,yoman2313,Not my kind of game style a little slow with mechanics. Decent Graphics quality.
,Recommended,219640,8181073,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Brash,Also has swords /10
,Recommended,219640,22472120,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Paul,Ver nice
,Recommended,219640,18802040,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Stare's Sex Slave,CoD with swords
,Not Recommended,219640,7933131,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Spazz,This game is NOT nice to new players. If you dont like raging for 5hrs do NOT buy this game.
76561198099019215,Recommended,219640,23090514,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,zxDwarfs_Diggingz,"Is the game fun?A: Chivalry may have some bugs here and there, but fighting is still thrilling and seiging couldn't be more fun.Is the community cancer?A: In all my time I have never met a person purposefully being rude. Almost everyone apologizes for team killing and I have made many players that I still chat with.What would you give the game?A: I would rate Chivalry 8.5/10. Its fun and never gets old. There is a variety of game modes to choose from.This is a must have for all you medieval lovers!"
,Recommended,219640,8159627,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,lil big head,very much best game wow must play wow much sword very cool buy DLC forsure such ninja class wow
76561198074180490,Recommended,219640,17866980,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,klatsflap,its pretty cool m8 I r8 8/8 no b8
76561198140607304,Recommended,219640,13063128,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Turk3ybon3,sweet game if you like hand-to-hand combat with medieval weapons you will love this game
,Not Recommended,219640,24546556,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Ornsmoughstein,"Installed the game twice, and neither time it would launch. It doesn't work, at least on Windows 10. Hoping this will be fixed soon, considering it is very irritating that I spend $30.00 for a game that doesn't work."
76561198131187321,Recommended,219640,23911173,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MasterSmax,"Very good game multiplayer of medieval, I really like to play it everytime :D ! I recommend for all people who likes medieval games.-Strategy game-PVP-RealisticIt can be very funny with friends ... awesome !"
,Recommended,219640,15749388,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ewok,Great Medival Simulator with good movement / graphics overall a good game 9/10
,Recommended,219640,11087788,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Hey Jesus,its very good
,Recommended,219640,6411679,"Posted: 10 November, 2012",all,Endspire,Medieval Warfare = Modern Warfare with ye olde weaponry.
76561198085895927,Not Recommended,219640,25021575,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,XxxIcameinaneggxxX,To be completely honest the combat is cancer and the game itself is like a medieval Team Fortress 2 that takes itself seriously. Although it does get kind of fun sometimes when sieging castles with others
76561198046752323,Recommended,219640,25209429,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ShadowtehGreat,"Probably the best, if not one of the best medieval games for getting right into combat whether you are getting into the thick of battle with as a knight with a longsword and sheild or brutaly taking out men left and right with a long ranged bow, there are so many different options to choose from in weapons, classes, and aesthetics. It combines a decent mix of realism and gore with exeptional and immersive gameplay that is just flat out fun and hard to pass up on, especialy if you are looking for some great medieval combat and fun times with friends ahead. Thank you Torn Banner Studios"
76561198066849793,Recommended,219640,12531650,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,lj,running and shouting for help simulator 2014
76561198087211937,Recommended,219640,13038946,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,omawegpoep,Epic.
,Recommended,219640,15255580,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Vaughn,Scroll up and Add to Cart.
76561198075515068,Recommended,219640,8299328,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,~LeaveMyNameUnspoken~,one of the best low-cost multiplayer games!!!
,Recommended,219640,14787449,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Mato Potato,reat game would only buy on sale tho!
,Recommended,219640,12590204,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,VaVoose,"At first i absolutly hated this game, but now that i understand the controls and machanics its started to grtow on me. Once you play it for about 2 hours or so. once you get the hang of the controls you become a master of the sword. 1v1 battlling someone, winning and decapitating their head is one of the greatest feelings in the game. Also the maps are insteresting and large with many people on them. This creates epic momments on the field. Here are some things thats already happened to me (im only 3h into the game as im writing this)-Sparta kicking someone into a revene-getting a double stab though two peoples head in 1 attack-and getting a quadra kill on 4 archers with a power swingI enjoy this game and hope many more momments like these come."
,Recommended,219640,1514534,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Ɉǿȵƨⓜℯℓǭŋṩ,Be prepared to yell at your screen...alot
76561198037775587,Recommended,219640,14487428,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Fratt Damon,THIS GAME IS SEX stabbing people slashing people wreking people this game is well put together and very fun
76561197995550692,Recommended,219640,9688092,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Constantinus,Game for tryhard fegs
,Recommended,219640,10939810,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dronez,"Great game, very balanced and fun.Except for Deadliest Warrior, which is a joke of balance and skillessness. Pick up the actual game, not the DLC. It's a waste of money and time"
,Recommended,219640,5554273,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Ikkyu,"super fun hack and slash game. its very addicting, running toward the enemies and get your head chopped off. great humour and blood gore"
,Recommended,219640,13292123,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Kevin Spacey,It's no Bad Rats but it'll do.
76561198013994345,Not Recommended,219640,16070793,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,take dumps in restaurant sinks,DONT BUY THIS GAME FOR MAC!!!!!!!!!!! I have the latest mac book pro retina and this game doesnt run more than 5 fps on all the lowest settings. STEAM WTF? Selling broken games to mac users should be banned or illegal.
,Recommended,219640,8004503,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Tripp-Ex,Splaaaaash!
76561198166495233,Recommended,219640,16077759,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,SyAi78,טקד ןאד כוממט
76561197972576593,Not Recommended,219640,16109986,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Amoc,"I bought this for cheap and thought I'd give it a shot.  I was immediately disappointed.   The idea behind the game is great and the combat system is actually pretty well done too.  All of the different melee attack angles make for a fairly intricate duels and battles.  The game looks reasonably good too, so there are good things about it but...It's VERY bad in terms of physics and collision detection.  Even simple stuff like units walking isn't done right.  The characters sort of glide along the ground while their legs move.  Melee combat, while really well done in theory, fails in a practical sense because of confusing collision detection and latency problems along with a screwy camera.  Whether you kill someone with a giant two-handed swing or miss them completely feels more like a dice-roll where you hope your latency, camera angle and timing combined properly.Ultimately, the problem with this game comes down to how primitive the physics are.  Supposedly it's just a small indie dev and it shows.  Look up a video of Chivalry archery to see how pathetic the ranged mechanics are.  It will tell you all you need to know."
76561198088954992,Recommended,219640,24215219,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,AbandonAllHope,"i know this game has allot of bad rep because of broken combat mechanics, but after a bit of leaving low level servers to see for myself it really isnt widespread enough for me to notice, and in the very few instances i have seen it, ive seen those people shunned and even kicked sometimes, dont let the broken mechanics dissuade you, its truly a great game worthy of every penny, wether its on sale or not. Oh and as for the ""toxic"" community i can honestly say i have no idea what most people are talking about  (not that they havent dealt with some bs), I have never seen a single person not be forgiven in chat for a team kill or team hit after apologizing.. EVER, ive even yielded to opponents in free for all by crouching and looking straight down and theyve let me live and in some instances rushed the next group side by side with me, its a fun and forgiving rp experience for me all around.. Git Gud Today!"
76561198076525800,Recommended,219640,24217611,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sirlepepe,I refunded that
,Not Recommended,219640,24196762,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Scotty,"This game is just so unbalanced, it's just crap, I'm sorry, it combines Pay-to-win and Best-weapon wins gameplay - Community is horrible. I don't hate Chivalry, it's just really crappy to be honest, And it's not just me whoses saying this, most of my friends and most former players i meet in other games say so. So just made the right decision purchasing."
76561198198354162,Recommended,219640,24245468,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ze Po1ar Bear,"Very fun game, but beware of the ballerinas."
,Recommended,219640,24316099,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Hqinusa,a decently fun game. i wouldnt get unless on sale its not worth it
,Recommended,219640,16584875,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,P4XY | エリック,amazing  graphics
,Recommended,219640,16579221,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Nathan Snake,fun! i been around on this since beta days
76561198192397642,Recommended,219640,16582259,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BoyKo,Normal
,Recommended,219640,23706294,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jake,This game is da tin
76561198086587175,Recommended,219640,24601490,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lucky Dog,i liked this but that was when it was in early access so i dont know what it is like now.
76561198004670092,Recommended,219640,19728229,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mattis,"you'll probably be overwhelmed at first, the community is hit and miss like any other online game and people vote kick for just about anything but with that aside once you get good enough at the game you won't be able to put it down"
76561198134562267,Not Recommended,219640,24591360,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,❤ Stress Ballz ❤,iii
,Recommended,219640,24506294,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,MadD,"So, its amazing game! So much fun! As for me, combat is perfect: its not so difficult, but it has some tricks, u need to learn combat system. Graphycs is good, Unrel engine makes its work. And sound! Oh, its so cool, when your team run and shouting ""For Order!!!!""! Buy this game, play it and FOR THE ORDER!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,24671885,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dосква,"Getting this game at the time, seemed like a good idea. I regret it completely now."
76561198038473562,Recommended,219640,7977545,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Pajama Sam,"There is a button devoted to screaming. By defult it is ""c""."
76561198097771766,Recommended,219640,7979993,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,JamesYL,This game great the best of its genre (better then its sequel)
76561198077814571,Recommended,219640,7984018,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Man on man action,HI FRIEND... Oh! your head fell off.So... a great game.
76561198024511574,Recommended,219640,7984900,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Woofer90,Really a great game it is so fun a great inovation to multiplayer games.
76561198098128227,Recommended,219640,7987980,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,youngGLEICHE,its great will
76561198019420752,Recommended,219640,7990178,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,SPARTAAAAa
,Recommended,219640,7993423,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,YOung Zeke,"If you want to be surounded with screams and death and its basically hell, this is a good game for you."
,Recommended,219640,7996085,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Prime038,Great game and the Deadliest Warriors makes it even better!
76561198027437864,Recommended,219640,7997532,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,LordTrava,Best PVP Game on Steam! So much fun and easy to learn!
,Recommended,219640,7999722,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Envy,Best game ever
76561198057469719,Recommended,219640,8000121,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Sopy7,Really nice FPS game with medieval knights
,Recommended,219640,8007377,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Sharkaj,"Awesome game, I enjoy this game so much. I recommended it to all my friends.Although the expansion isn't so great, I do not feel like being ripped off. I gladly support for a game like this."
,Recommended,219640,8008195,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Dr.Tesla,A very addicting game :P Get it and challange me.
76561198041231271,Recommended,219640,8008885,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Almighty Buddha,Get this♥♥♥♥♥♥NOW. Competitive medieval multiplayer game= The best thing in a long time. Buy it and meet me on the fields of death!
,Recommended,219640,8010140,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,adumbid,This game is pretty cool
,Recommended,219640,8010491,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,crypticend,good game really fun. but the same thing repeted all the time
,Recommended,219640,8021103,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,oh yeaaaaaaa,So awesome.
76561198039574397,Recommended,219640,8022941,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,VirusMate42,The best FP fighting game i ever played!!!!
76561198038647875,Recommended,219640,8023934,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Olaf,Blood guts and all of the great thing on the dark age battle field  you will see people being burned smaushed and even decapatated yes indeed this game has much blood BUT if you are going to get this game remember MEN AT ARMS ARE FOR NOOBS
76561198073926524,Recommended,219640,8033375,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Noot Noot,To be honest there's not much to say about this game. It's just the best way you can spend $25 steam. So baisically it's FREEEEEAAAAKIIINNGNGG AMAMAAAAZZZINNGG AWWEEESSOOOMMEEE
,Recommended,219640,24053177,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,:pogasm:,"How to bypass level 0-15 server level restriction: Make a new shared family account under the account you bought Chivalry on. Then launch Chivalry under the new account, and you will be level 0 again, with all the weapons unlocked. This is what I do to TK and abuse noobs on low level servers."
,Recommended,219640,23700192,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Dirty_RuckuS,Quality game
,Recommended,219640,2411731,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,ChainSaw,Окуенная игра!! Берите посоны не пожалеете!!
76561198242100714,Recommended,219640,24075138,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cute_Toast,good game
,Not Recommended,219640,29022202,Posted: 4 January,all,Napoleon,Well..... that game is difficult to Rewiew but I would say that the game isn't worth buying the Gameplay is weird and its difficult to build tactics around this gmae and try to improve the gamemodes are basically a mess and the graphics aren't that good either!
,Not Recommended,219640,28669149,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kurt Cobain,"Unless you live in a really populated area such as the USA or a big european country, the multiplayer is dead and singleplayer is just plain unfun. The combat system is also pretty bad but bearable, i would recommend it if not for the lack of players"
76561198248744936,Recommended,219640,21398027,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,xX_Radical_Meem_Xx,It doesn't seem to be able to open. Is this a problem for macs and other apple products. Please fix these things. Saw videos about this game looks really good.
76561198175678539,Not Recommended,219640,23993568,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,WWW.TENIONAIN,super laggy bad controls
76561198290092926,Recommended,219640,23941728,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MuscleSpasms,fun fun fun
76561198079508889,Recommended,219640,9820863,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,TheCorporations,Pretty Good.
,Not Recommended,219640,23834883,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,k4ozium,"The commands on this game won't even do what they're supposed to do. You can't attack, you can't parry. Don't buy it, it the worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever."
,Recommended,219640,23810311,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LUNIX,be loyal to the order or ill rip you a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,13465987,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ß££Ž¥ ™©²,Over 300 hours played and I still love every game I play. BUY THIS NOW! It's cheap and fun.
76561198031472854,Recommended,219640,4060106,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,TheYouthfulOne,You wanna play this game
76561198137260564,Recommended,219640,30663964,Posted: 21 March,all,Anorech,"Game is awesome... Wish there were more medieval multiplayers like this one. The upcoming Mirage: Arcane Warfare  game looks ok, but honestly a more updated version of Chivalry, or a better dlc that is closer to Medieval Warfare, is what I'd like to see, as opposed to the very wierd Deadliest Warrior dlc. Or better yet, a Middle Earth themed version or dlc would be so cool!"
76561198082660624,Recommended,219640,10159601,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,BearForceOne,"If you feel like a medieval game, then chivalry is one of the best you can get!"
76561198029130050,Not Recommended,219640,10966763,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Majikmushi,I can't believe I wasted $5 on  this game :-/
76561198026555573,Recommended,219640,8521216,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Facecorn,Nice
76561198034780382,Recommended,219640,11527236,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Duryodhan,this is my everyday stuff
76561198135857203,Recommended,219640,12123778,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,bobchickenface2,i recomend it but it should be cheaper i absolutely loved this game when it was on free trail i really want to buy it but im saving up for somthing else
76561198126652255,Recommended,219640,12124300,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,PaladinTheOG skinup.gg,very awesome game but i think needs to be a little downgraded for people with lower grade pc and laptops or make a lower grade version for lower grade pc's and laptops. otherwise very very awesome game!!!!!!!!!
76561198014528345,Recommended,219640,12162635,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Sgt Rock,"I feel obligated to write a review.  You see the number of hours I have played.  It is a first person sword and bow game you will never tire of.  It satisfies the competitive juices in you but rarely do you end the game feeling abused or bad about yourself.  It is a great escape game to play for a little while after a hard day at the office or play all day on a Saturday.  Do yourself a favor and add this game to your inventory.  You will have fun imediately and you can work on your skills forever and never get tired.  This is one of those ultimate computer games that belong in the hall of fame with Counterstrike, Company of Heroes, Age of Empires, Starcraft and Team Fortress.  Thanks be to the developers."
,Recommended,219640,12163513,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,They say Chivalry is dead cuz you die like all the time.
,Recommended,219640,12164633,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,The Counterarcher,Quite possibly one of the most fun times I've ever had playing a first-person.
76561197971045520,Recommended,219640,12167341,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,PandemoniumCuzZ,This is for all you out there who played every FPS with the express intent to get knife kills.
76561198000299473,Recommended,219640,12168635,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,--Pulp--,"Come my Lord, swing thy blade for Agatha.Pros+Dismember you foes+Rise to glory with your buddies in 32v32 melee combat+Let your neighbors know your playing Chivalry by giving a full volume battle cry wtih ""c""...For AGATHAAAAAAACons-In game chat (just disable this)-Need more servers"
,Recommended,219640,12543299,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Welkon,"The video above doesn't depict the greatness of this game. This game has been updated quite a bit and shows a lot of promise. You can customize your knights and play a variety of gamemodes. Learning how to play may take some time, but after you have learned the aspects of the game it's fun. This game is Battlefield, a more or so realistic FPS, with knights."
,Not Recommended,219640,18876131,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,NATTΞVIS,REAAAAALLY slow gameplay.
76561198040664126,Not Recommended,219640,15288990,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Froto_the_Loc,"Good lord, where do I even start.The game is just aggravatingly problematic.As I type this, I've tried to join a server, but I'm stuck staring at a white square platform with a stump in the middle while I listen to the sounds of combat emanating from the battlefield I cannot reach. I can't bring up the menu, either.And that's only the current problem.The menu's are slow, the visuals stutter even on the lower settings. Speaking of lower settings, I tried to change them while in game, and it crashed. Everything feels clunky, and while it generally looks nice, it's very impractical.I can't even rate the gameplay, because I can't even play on a server most times as the browser won't even show any servers. At all."
,Recommended,219640,2090666,"Posted: 20 October, 2012",all,DaCrazyDingo,"Really fun change of pace from playing standard shooters. Makes you think and react to the battlefield differently. Difinitely worth the $25. Really do hope they patch a few of the bugs that are here and there. Other than a few bugs, a really outstanding game."
,Recommended,219640,17913115,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Ass Ketchup,The only game that actually makes me rage11/10 boke m kybord
,Recommended,219640,21844396,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,MasterSquealer,very good
,Recommended,219640,21859520,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Lord of the Kings,Good game. Even better if you face an enemy archer while you are a vanguard.Pros: You can cut off a head.Cons: Your head can be cut off.
,Recommended,219640,21860622,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,SmutnýBrad,Awesome
,Recommended,219640,21917679,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Hereafter,7 fps simulator
76561198271834235,Recommended,219640,20767911,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Brand1065,"This review has been changed since I last had it up here. Before, I was a fresh newbie, I loved the scenery, the immersion and the whole idea of this game being about raiding castles and having fun. That was before I discovered (dramatic pause) DUELLING SERVERS!!!!these are server where players who have 1k+ hours go to spin around and practice fancy trick moves which would be impossible to complete, even as a contorsionist...These players are usually admins who will boot you from the server for being ""noob trash"", even when the server rules say ""dont get mad and boot people who are newbies, remember how the game was to learn for you!"" this is because those players learnt the game and then forgot how hard it was to grasp and sealed themselves in a little ""IM THE BEST"" bubble and kick any newbie players in the balls.These so-called elitests roam the game and slaughter new players whilst calling them ""trash"" and tell them to ""get good"" as they ""suck at the game and will never be good"".However, this is only a small percentage... I still recommend this, even when the game can be as toxic as Call Of Duty. Usually those players are the ones who grind non-stop just so they have ammuntion to shoot at you when they beat you to the ground and will call you a hacker and get you booted for ""ping bombing"" when you finally beat them.The rest of the game is usually supportive and will help you through the steps of learning, even when you are the worst in the universe... I am evidence of that..."
,Recommended,219640,10577390,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Grampasaurus Feck,plz domt pley dis gaem if u r afrade of sowrds
,Recommended,219640,13018085,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Wrath,This game is dank
,Recommended,219640,13325586,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,carlos danger [NO MONITOR],This is a computer video game
,Recommended,219640,13364023,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Más o Mentos,I punched a guy's head and it exploded to pieces.WITH MY FISTS!10.5/10
,Recommended,219640,13407951,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Please Stay Hydrated,"The premiere Medeival Combat game/simulation. All the depth of multiplayer battle arenas and all the sillyness of the dark ages. The counter-strike of melee. the TF2 of team objectives. It's a masterpiece.On a more serious note, this game's learning curve is pretty steep. At first, you will likely do nothing but die and attempt to control your frustration. Experience is the only teacher for Chivalry, although the loading screens do actually offer tips that will improve your play (for once).Is it worth it to buy Chivalry? Only if you have the time to put into it. A casual chivalry player will have a lot of fun but eventually become overwhelmed by the difficulty. Fortunately, there are many servers dedicated specifically to new players (listed as Official Low Rank servers) that will provide an excellent place to hone your skills and feel out the combat system. It is also worth mentioning that unlike other battle arena games, Chivalry is glorious amounts of fun without any friends to play with! For that reason alone I would say it's worth the price if you have the patience.Cons: Although there are many official servers, often times during weekdays and work hours there are just a handful of servers filled and a few other players online. Servers usually don't provide flawless ping, but the game is such that a few ms delay won't matter as much as you think. One swing of your weapon, string of an arrow, etc takes a good second or two anyhow. Regardless, if you live on the east coast you will most likely have to avoid 1/3 of Chivalry's servers in order to avoid lag. Another thing: in Chivalry there are a good deal of weapons available to the four different classes BUT they must be unlocked by getting kills with a less complicated weapon. Usually there are three tiers of unlockable weapon (the first tier being default). This is a con if you don't like waiting ofc, but mostly its a con because your first several hours of chivalry will likely be without many kills. Unlike other unlocking systems (which are often just a way to trick the user into wasting money or time) Chivalry's system simply rewards you for practicing. By the time you leave the Low Rank servers you will find yourself having unlocked almost all the weapons anyhow, but it is still a notable con. Personally, I felt like a fool using the default weapons when i started playing and it seemed like other players had better weapons when they got me, but I learned later I was just bad.This review has already been too long, but I'll mention one last thing; Chivalry is absurdly fun and atmospheric. Every level (I mean the standard game modes and maps since there is SO much opportunity for modding) is well themed and competitive. I've never head a player anywhere get frustrated by an abusable location or strategy. There are numerous voice commands (again similar to TF2) and every class spouts them out in classic medeival tongue. Classes each spawn with a certain voice that is likely to change each time you respawn. It sounds silly that i'm making a big deal about it but it's certainly what made the game enjoyable when I started and still entertains me immensley.TL;DR If you love the medeival era or semi-competitive TF2/CSGO style combat this is for you. If you dislike a heavy learning curve and large time investments, it's probably not for you."
76561198152132439,Recommended,219640,13348953,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Adambomb,"This game is quite addicting. Like many other have said, it's very easy to play and extremely difficult to master.I'm not one for gruesome games, but there's something strangely satisfying about knocking someone's head off after a hard fought battle.Overall a great game to play. Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,219640,13378365,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Annerhell,HAHAH awesome game
76561198095447654,Recommended,219640,13385718,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Leaf [N.O.V.A.],"A good, well made, challanging, yet fun game. It can relieve stress, yet it can also increase stress."
,Recommended,219640,13333304,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,TheSupremeJelly,"I love hearing my men and I yell our cries of warfare, as we heroically charge into battle, only to stab eachother senselessly and play soccer with our fallen victims (the team) heads. Such glory does this game provide.10/10"
76561198019029812,Recommended,219640,13302454,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,aceycunes,Fun for the family!
,Recommended,219640,13377846,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,colombia,panis
,Recommended,219640,13329148,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,RapidFireReaper (FUCK Bethesda),"A game that feels fresh and original. So much satisfaction in spirting at a guy jumping into the air and then spearing him in his cheat, or going smashing everyones brains in with a giant hammer all while screaming so radom nonesense. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,13374206,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Karaoke Night,"""3 kills, 15 deaths ? All in all, one of my better games"""
,Recommended,219640,13325066,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,small loan of a million dollars,Awesome game. Best melee combat game I have ever played seriously!
,Recommended,219640,13344560,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,spookacabra,Higher skillcurve than I can achieve.  I keep messing up on the blocking.
,Recommended,219640,13323604,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Stereocloud,"this game is pretty awesome, it is kind of annoying when unskilled players just whack at everything and you get team killed alot but its pretty wicked"
76561198154872801,Recommended,219640,13300735,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,droidwarrior,Nice FP no shooting.!
76561197994298061,Recommended,219640,13382910,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Mert,better than war of the hoses.
76561198001460148,Recommended,219640,13398262,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sp,"Fantastic game, great simulation. If you are willing to grind through the learning curve and not take the game to seriously there is alot of fun to be had here."
,Recommended,219640,13310986,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Xyniden,"The game where your biggest enemy is your allies. And then theres an enemy.Chivalry is frikkin great though, tons of fun even when you're losing."
,Recommended,219640,13315698,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,HA¥TCH,i like swords 10/12
,Recommended,219640,13316040,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Chihiro Fujisaki,"""FOLLOW ME""""FOLLOW ME""""NO MY LORD""""HEEELLLLLLPPPPPP"""
,Recommended,219640,16541309,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,VENUS,Game of Thrones but without sex.7/10
,Recommended,219640,16526043,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Pe4enka,"Неплохая боёвка , графоуни , геймплей , режимы , карты 8.5/10"
76561197995982940,Recommended,219640,16531365,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BeardSoup,
,Recommended,219640,28569011,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,necroBolis,FOR AGATHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,8379474,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Azulaloi,really satisfying game about hitting people with sharp objects
,Recommended,219640,19931864,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Good Goy,"Started off.Played some FFA.Sucked.Look up how to get better and tips.After hours of practicing on FFA and objective I became an amazing Javelin Archer and Greatsword Knight.I used feinting alot, is how I constantly beat noobs.Go on a random non new server for a challenge (duel server)EVERYONE IS TERRIBLE.Beat everyone constantly.People ♥♥♥♥♥ing about feinting being op.I ask them if they know even how to feint properly.They start stuttering and explaining.The guy says you have to press Q to feint.I laugh so hard they dont even know about RMBTell them. Admin comes on say I am harrassing them about how bad they are.Get kicked from server.In conclusion everyone in this game is either really good or just terrible. (Also its fun watching people do complex feints) and their heads arms and sword just flying around everywhere"
,Recommended,219640,13161139,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dragonactius,why aren't there any chivalry: deadliest warrior servers online ?whithout that issue awsome game
76561198048725682,Recommended,219640,19939528,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,$uicideHircine,aids :D
,Recommended,219640,17214688,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Fishken,"It is ok. No it's not worth the money for me personally. It focuses on combat but the combat seems to be really, how should I put this? Well, I can't think of the word, It's not smooth, It feels like your really laggy. It has that certain, tick to it. I would only recommend this to certain people. Me not being one. The graphics are ok, map size is ok, player base is a bunch of trash, but all in all, if you want a couple of hours, I would buy it, if you want a long time of play, this is not the game."
,Recommended,219640,25314171,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TurkTurkleton,Be prepared to get votekicked for the dumbest reasons by the dumbest people.
,Not Recommended,219640,28975061,Posted: 3 January,all,Horacio,"WASTE OF MONEY. ALL PLAYER ENCOUNTERED HAVE BEEN RUDE, COLD HEARTED AND GENERALLY UNPLEASANT TO PLAY ALONGSIDE AND AGAINST. GAME MECHANICS ARE TERRIBLE ALSO."
,Recommended,219640,28912003,Posted: 1 January,all,KINGAK47,It's good game :D
76561198065208305,Recommended,219640,27743228,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DovahSpy,10/10Onward brothers! To glory!
76561198050910654,Recommended,219640,28130639,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,BigBadBat,MUHAHAHA !! Yeeeees ! Have at thee you fiend I shall chop you to bits.
76561198119442324,Recommended,219640,28410342,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Photography Raptor,♥♥♥♥ing great game!
76561198003255063,Recommended,219640,27885866,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ataraxie,For the order!
76561198283487214,Recommended,219640,29999713,Posted: 17 February,all,Des des Kawaii,"yeah its great and a lot better with friends and can get really funny when you fail and neither of you know how to do anything but spam left click till you chop their balls off, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,29933543,Posted: 14 February,all,TheSandwichGuy,"There is no ""skill"" involved. If you have 12,000 DPI you're a goddamn god."
,Recommended,219640,28505636,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MAX .BAZRAS,NICE GAME !!!
,Recommended,219640,28507548,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,tree33,This game is amazing. If you like people running at you and screaming with heavy armor and a double bladed axe then you should buy this game.Rank 3 gave me 5  hours on the game due to me sucking at this game.
76561198063757473,Not Recommended,219640,28356847,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Tony,"Breaking ankles in this game since 94'. I spend more time questioning my life choices than actually playing this game. 1/10, chivalry is dead, bro."
,Recommended,219640,26041264,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,MAD | Phenomenal,Killing they said. It will be fun they said.
76561198218745737,Not Recommended,219640,26057357,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Neil Breen,Did not enjoy it at all. What in the F*CK was I thinking?So sloppy. Feels like early access. Where dat label at?
,Recommended,219640,27723600,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CZR56,Swing around like a helicopter propeller and you'll be fine
,Recommended,219640,26082608,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Sir,"Sees player without head, proceeds to cut his legs & arms off.... still alive 10/10 best brutal game(When my parents came in the room I needed to switch to Gay porn it was easier to explain)"
76561198068084035,Recommended,219640,26576912,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,AEON31459,I dont want to have a ballet simulator. The game is really fun if u try to play it without people exploiting the game mechanics but many people do and it's actually just ruins the whole medieval experience. If you want an actual medievil experince get Mount and Blade and stay away from this.
,Recommended,219640,26250957,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,kpz,I'm glad I picked Chivalry. It's definitely one of those games worth the money.
,Not Recommended,219640,28398133,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GOD.ZILCH.,"A very disappointing game to say the least. I had high expectations for it after hearing how ""good"" it was from my friends. Instead I get a game where you pretty much get killed more by your teammates and arrows then by the actual enemies themselves."
76561198079384202,Recommended,219640,29305136,Posted: 16 January,all,Lmc452,extremely fun
,Recommended,219640,23411695,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,mino,"Hack and slash with lots of yelling. Another R v. B simulator, and stupid fun playing with a few friends."
,Not Recommended,219640,19079471,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Cadeusept,The Game isn't working on Mac 10.10.5!!!Give my money back!It freezes on control layout screen!
76561198101738314,Recommended,219640,18528143,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Nips,"Really really fun to play, especially with a friend for quite a few hours but then gets a bit tedious if im honest. Needs more customization in my opinion. But good game."
76561197966535968,Recommended,219640,8849232,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Wangstones,"Think soul caliber 2 first person, more people"
,Recommended,219640,23121550,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Lexic,you kill your team and the enemy.then you suicide and they kill each other while you pick archer and shoot off their heads.11/10 would kill my team again
76561198078425986,Not Recommended,219640,17782932,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Snapback,"Crap....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561197996609012,Not Recommended,219640,23057745,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Calswei♔,"Would be fun, if it wasn't a huge laggy mess"
,Recommended,219640,16073666,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,TWD Kenny,"It's hard to say that I don't like this game. I've had so much fun with it, even though I've owned it since earlier this morning. Multiplayer is the ONLY option in this game,so you MUST have an internet connection. On that note, the multiplayer netcode is amazing and the game has a very thriving community.GameplayThe gameplay is very solid and works very well, actually. Swordplay feels VERY powerful and slow- like how a real swordfight would be. Archery, on the other hand, isn't as great in my opinion. Player's movement is usually jagged and all over the place, so archery is hard to learn. Hitboxes have been reported as an issue, but when I was playing, the hitboxes seemed as they should have- normal. There are 4 classes to choose from- Archer, a Run and Kill class, Vanguard, and Knight. All these classes have their own set speed and set armor. Classes such as the run and kill offer little to no armor, but very fast paced moving speeds.  There is lots of customization to your character as well- you can choose your helmet, armor, emblem, weapon, and also color your armor, helmet, etc. You may also buy helmets with your native currency as well.MultiplayerMultiplayer is the only real option in this game, so if you get a very high ping or don't have internet, this is NOT the game for you. On that note, I've never experienced lag at all. Yes the servers I connected to gave me around 5-18 ping, but still, the only lag I had was from unoptimized settings (which I toned down to a playable framerate) instead of connection.Game modesThere are LOTS of different ways to play. There is your average free-for-all, TDM (team death match), and then you also have your ""Medieval modes"" where you must stop the enemies from doing certain objective (burning down food markets, infecting water supply, etc). So if you like to play casual and do a TDM or FFA match, you can, but if you like to explore new modes and such, you also have that option.CommunityPlaying with friends is just as easy as inviting them to your own personal match. No use for Hamachi or any 3rd party applications. As for Online Mulitplayer, the community is (like I said before) very thriving and is populated fairly well. You can filter out matches that do not have players currently in them and you can also filter out games that are full. Either way, you will almost ALWAYS have a server with people in it. Oh, and did I also mention that there are dedicated servers for newcomers? VERY helpful for newbies. You rarely find higher ranked people in those servers- mainly levels 0-5.ConclusionChivalry is a VERY FUN game and will keep me playing for a long time. This game is on sales pretty often (especially during the summer sale, which starts June 11) so buy it there. I picked my copy up for only $4.99, which is a steal in my opinion. The game is definitely worth your money and offers a smooth and fun gameplay. 10/10"
76561198056226411,Recommended,219640,11553944,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,MaximusTheMan,Great game if you like gore and swords and bows and spears and slings and staffs and maces and daggers and boiling pots of fire. Is fun.
,Recommended,219640,26043153,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Cro,"Probably the best medival game out thereAwesome character and level designAnd dont get me started on sound it features some of the most known lines on the battlefield like: ""AAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa""""*gurgles blood* aah *gurgles blood*"""
76561198102821883,Not Recommended,219640,15627288,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Manuel2101[SWAT],"Ver bad, and slow screen. I see all time the screen in black. I am using linux mint. I would like to refund my money. It's necessary before shop a game in steam test the game. This problem is not the first time. Are they any posibiliy to refund my money?"
,Recommended,219640,28882442,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,NBD | Bop,Gave thy knight PTSD
76561198021043858,Recommended,219640,28914457,Posted: 1 January,all,bladecs1,"grate game .we have old eroupe trups(crusaiders) here i think we need Saladins trups to for the bigest battlegrounds in the history, and for players can get Coss or moon"
,Recommended,219640,28622727,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Skamer csgoatse.com,"Good game, i recommend you buying it with the Deadliest Warrior DLC!"
,Recommended,219640,28634146,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,JeexPoy,Game is nice because it is basing on your skills. At first you won't get it into it but casual plays can improve your skills
76561198134652606,Recommended,219640,28701657,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,YoDawg,i love it
,Recommended,219640,28620317,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,CyberKiller,"I hope next uprage, we will play CMW with Turkish language. Regards"
76561198289645705,Recommended,219640,28407717,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,LORD POMPADOUR,"Very Fun Game to play. I bought this as a four pack for me and my friends for Christmas. I dont know what the other reveiws are complaining about. Many still play this game online, and even when you cant play it online you can play against your friends in many different game modes (for example me and my friends favorite are Team Death Match). You can also activate up to 24 bots in multiplayer game against your friends. Me and My friends enjoy playing this game and you will to. Its an amazing game that one could play for hours on end."
,Recommended,219640,28475053,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,SirMaxiTheGreat,Good game. Kappa.
76561198045142477,Recommended,219640,28444967,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Zabor,"I honestly love this game. I see a lot of negative reviews almosts solely complaining about the real-time combat system (which means the sword's location durtion its swinging animation is where the sword actually is, and if it touches the enemy, that counts as a hit). The real-time combat system provides nigh infinite room for improvement for players, and it's not difficult to learn. Half an hour of online videos and you'll be playing on par with those enemies you just can't seem to block. If you don't want to take the small amount of time it takes to learn the intricate parts of this game, then yes, you wont have fun going into higher level servers. I feel like that's every competitive game though. If you don't take time to learn the intricacies of League of Legends, you'll never make it out of Bronze (or wont have much fun getting stomped on when you do make it out). Every competitive game has its own little things players will have to learn to stay in the game, Chivalry's ""little things"" are just unique from other games. Don't be scared to learn about it, and you'll be fine."
76561198034409694,Recommended,219640,28445727,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sqwatle,Great Game
,Recommended,219640,26072199,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,DeadDarkOne | 2033,"great fun awesome, one of the best mp games i ve ever played"
76561198301790307,Recommended,219640,26063260,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,voost gaming YT,"great , bad quality"
,Recommended,219640,26640137,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,IceColdTabasco,"The most unique and addictive multiplayer games I've played in awhile. While yes, it's combat is very novel, it feels more like a stepping stone to what could've been a truly fluid and responsive medieval combat simulator. Its one of those easy to learn but almost impossible to master type of game, with high level players tending to blur the line between game exploits and competitive tact. The community is still lively, though a tad emaciated with its stagnant player growth.To put it short, it's a fun game that is sure to spawn a MUCH better sequel. Hopefully..."
,Recommended,219640,28954640,Posted: 2 January,all,disregard team,press m1 and hope that you dont teamkill
76561198118565422,Recommended,219640,26348646,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,i am donald duck,Best game ever CS:GO suk a♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198073335903,Not Recommended,219640,26264039,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,b0rn c0nfused,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!  Bad community, bad gameplay, bad everything.  If you want to get killed by your teammates all the time then buy this game.  If you want to get booted becasue you killed the other team, then buy this game.  This game is awful!!!  DO NOT BUY!!!!!"
76561198138836743,Recommended,219640,26348052,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Limamufu,"TL:DR - Score 8/10Overall is a good game. Devs made a good job on the optimization. The graphics are okay, nothing special considering that was launch 4 years ago its still enjoyable. The major point in this game is combat. The good side is that really need skill to win a battle and, indeed it has a steeper learning curve. The down side is that after lvl 15 ( about 10 hours playing) you will fight players that have 100+ hours in official servers. The only thing devs needs to do is to match players levels by making servers with different ranges: 0-15; 15-30; Free levelPros:Good graphics for a 2012 gameCostumizable weapons and different classesDifferent playing modesSkill-based combatCons:Servers with only 0-15 and free level rangeany (X>1) vs 1 player is an extreme difficult fightArcher class feels, somehow, broken."
76561198040156068,Not Recommended,219640,28929809,Posted: 1 January,all,morbidmistake,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ community , reminds me of csgo and l4d get kicked and banned for nothing"
,Not Recommended,219640,26092331,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Браконьер,The creators of the game - liars!http://steamcommunity.com/app/219640/discussions/4/341537671984869942/Read it and explain me please.
76561198155826972,Recommended,219640,29996373,Posted: 17 February,all,reagan.wiese,if u dont like autism then get this game
,Recommended,219640,18204675,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Exevolt,"Chivalry: Medieval Warefare is a game that I consider well worth the money, especially when purchased on one of the many sales that it participates in. It's a simple yet complex game. I highly recommend it and here's why.[Gameplay]The combat is rather straight forward right? For the most part, you use mouse buttons to swing and parry/block and keyboard for movement. The big complicator that comes in is that no matter where you point yourself anything that touches your sword mid swing, enemies or allies, get hit. This allows you to over power an enemy by turning into the swing to speed it up and make them parry to quickly by turning away from it to slow the sping down.[Classes]Here's where it's straight forwrd. Archer shoots bows and X-Bows. Man At Arms has little armor but a variety of medium speed weapons. Vanguard uses power two handed weapons at medium armor. Knight is slow but can survive through many battles before death.[Community]The community has been a generally good one. Really all there is to say[Dev Team]They really turned their♥♥♥♥♥♥around since the early days of the game and have been doing a lot of community outreach but this can be said. They focus way too much of silly helmets."
76561198252673584,Recommended,219640,28426908,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,jmt3311,great game alot of fun
,Recommended,219640,28568424,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Forgth,Sweet game...................                     Waiting for second version
76561197995018597,Recommended,219640,28381525,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sharpe's Sword,This game has provided countless hours of fun Middle age combat experience.
76561198133661171,Recommended,219640,28424769,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mr Werky,very difficult but fun
,Recommended,219640,28427165,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,The BattleRattler | Pvpro.com,GoodIt's a great game with fun machanics and basicly it is the crappy version of mount and bladeBadIt can have some questionable stratageis and hit boxes I blocked a door way with a sheld like  a half smaller
,Recommended,219640,16819641,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,eat pant,"This is the most realistic medieval pvp game I have ever experienced. It has everything, good graphics, good pvp experience, good everything."
76561198060163678,Recommended,219640,13798263,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Lord,"chivalry is a very entertaining game with varius play styles like speed, range, and strength along with with very wee thought out game modes such as defending a castle or just plain team deathmatch on a down side the amount of team killing is so high that i sometimes rage and go to offline with bots, though there AI is not the best on game modes like team objective"
,Recommended,219640,28064194,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cthulhu,Good game i guess needs more hats!
,Recommended,219640,9809633,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Backseat Cuck,Worst game ever to graze this Earth.
,Not Recommended,219640,20799580,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Andrew Patroclus,mehhhh it feels like this game was made in 2004 to be honest
,Recommended,219640,12422189,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,FFA,Best slasher I've ever played. Good fun for a few ours a day. Gets a little repetaive in long sessions tough.
,Recommended,219640,20981422,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MasterGFX,Well its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198071343690,Recommended,219640,20986337,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,>:(](0O0)[):<,"you can behead people, so play it"
,Recommended,219640,20961077,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Blaqwulf,Like severing limbs? Like plundering the villages? Like Braveheart? Say no more!Click buy now. This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Best FPS/3rd person melee multiplayer that I am aware of.
,Recommended,219640,16304918,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Xero,"Kicked somebody to death, then chopped his head off.10/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,23961963,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Tom | g2a.com,gets boring after 10 mins or so...
,Recommended,219640,1324088,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Baron von Arthur,"A great game for a great price, Chivalry is one of the better multiplayer versus/team games out there. It's a lot of fun and straight-forward like Battlefield or Call of Duty but with melee combat and medieval ranged combat that's a helluva lot of fun. I highly recommend this game and the Deadliest Warrior DLC for fans of that awesome Spike TV show."
76561198068444451,Recommended,219640,14684316,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Juice,GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING THE BEST
,Recommended,219640,21155703,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Sauron,EDIT: ♥♥♥♥ my last review.This game is my Salt machine and im its Ocean
,Not Recommended,219640,25584161,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Script Kitty,"You get hooked on the game.  Before you get to level 15, the game is AWESOME.  It's amazing, you feel like Leonidas slaughtering Persian after Persian.  When you get to level 15, however, the game instantly becomes absolutely horrible. (See below)  After level 15, there's no way to even survive without abusing the exploits that everyone else does.-Only people who abuse cheap tactics win.-There are too many cheap tactics to keep track of, and an even higher number of players who exploit them.-Combat is unresponsive.-Daggers swing much faster, but stagger you just as long as swords do, so their spammability is off the charts.-Archers suck.-People think making teams in Free-for-all servers is funny.-You have to pay real money to unlock customization options, weapons, shields, etc.-Game devs are inactive when it comes to improving the combat.-Just trying to survive makes me sweat.-People hate on fundamental basics of the game's combat because they are obsessed with cheaper techniques that shouldn't even work.It really makes me sad.  This game was SO amazing before you reach level 15.  I am SO sad that it turned out this way.  I REALLY want this game to be good, and until I got to level 15, it was.  But when I DID reach level 15, I was lucky if my KDR was 3/19, so it became more frustrating than fun."
,Recommended,219640,16379491,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,dillbill21,I PLAYED SO MUCH OF THIS GAME AND ITS COOL
,Recommended,219640,20032385,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,WolFucK,best game
76561198082867783,Not Recommended,219640,20063174,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Arvel,game is like isis....DYING
76561198067271076,Recommended,219640,20792704,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Smash Or Pass,Battle screaming simulator.Littarly press C to scream...I reccomend
,Recommended,219640,11045988,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,OiBigEarz,69/420 would decapitate your mum again
,Recommended,219640,17177068,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Randinator,Super fun First Person Slasher!
,Recommended,219640,25141329,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Neil deGrasse Tyson,Anyone on steam without this game is a ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥CUNT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥8.5/3.5
76561198103030175,Not Recommended,219640,18149215,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,rai,Is this game really finished ?Torn banner studios really made a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game from a good idea.
,Not Recommended,219640,25133377,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Obscurenamedigit,"Team Killing all the way! So my guess is the devs and most admins prefer to have friendly/team damage turned on by default to minimize the amount of hacking and slashing! This is meant to be a skill based melee/sword game, accuracy and game sense should play major roles in-game when you are swinging a sword round, but no-one seems to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Where its most annoying is team matches where someone from your team thinks its a great idea to just run in swinging while you are mid fight! It never ends well. Might just play with bots, its kinda more fun tbh, much less toxic and team killin isnt an issue.♥♥♥♥ PEOPLE."
76561198119517976,Recommended,219640,11041009,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,๑ﭥ CrimsonFire ๑ﭥ,Whats better that running around with melee weapons and cutting off other peoples limbs
76561198094589479,Not Recommended,219640,17871779,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Slightly Dissapointing Salad,this game sucks my hairy balls
,Recommended,219640,15859674,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,KingKull2112,"I'm a total noob at this game and I would recommend it. It's 100% realistic and I really like it, even if I do suck at the game. I love shooting people in the head with a crossbow and watching their helmets fly off, though"
76561198193890570,Recommended,219640,24418185,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Revenge csgobig.com,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥butt
76561198032503097,Recommended,219640,18499091,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Mercenary2001,"Game was on my Wishlist until the 80% off..... So bought it.The BadHigh Rank players dont fight each other during ""Free for All"" - they avoid each other or team against others....U Can get stuck on trees & doorways....Objectives will disappear & U will lose ie kill villagers/destroy stuff - villagers/stuff marked but non-existant.Game freezes on startup regularly....Lack of Armor & Decals....Chat & Objective text doesnt stay on screen long....The GoodEasy to master gameplayCheapOk server availability"
76561198065683771,Recommended,219640,25108442,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Spyro,TF2 Huntsman practice simulator.
76561198006649128,Recommended,219640,2387664,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,[ZFG] mrkey,"This is, imho, one of the best new games on the market.Get it, and start cutting off heads and limbs.Listen to other peeps rage at you as they take every single hit personally.Be an Archer and earn the scourn and derision of the enemy. Enjoy the vitriol that comes your way when you accidently hit a friendly with a stray arrow or quarrel (just remember to say sorry).And remember ""the first cut is the deepest"" - hopefully."
76561198043383281,Recommended,219640,10546774,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Chef,"It's like skyrim, with medieval stuff."
,Recommended,219640,9915142,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Tetrah,Press F10 to explode! YAY!
,Recommended,219640,9913848,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Okonkwo,I dont get 1 hit by brazillians with 300 ping10/10
76561198026992459,Recommended,219640,9921142,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Iceman,Get Head chopped off and smash in faces in medieval combat 10/10 for malrick
,Recommended,219640,9923335,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,perakis,Whoa . Yes .
,Recommended,219640,9902616,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,piratetank,"Deadly game. one of a kind. so brutal, dangerous, gory, this makes us feel how the medival ages fought. WAY better then cod. SWORDS, MACE, SPEAR, BOWS hell yah....baby...."
,Recommended,219640,9921421,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,GROSSLY INCANDESCENT,My bum hurts
76561198042790012,Recommended,219640,9924766,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,oddjob,"While training mode is a little sloppy, the very unique combat more than makes up for it. Swordplay is weighty, fun and refreshingly skill-based. Controls are tight, it runs well on most setups and finding a match shouldn't be a problem. This satisfying, visceral medieval combat game is definitely worth it's asking price.8.5/10"
,Recommended,219640,9982564,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Spells,one of the best games so far iv'e ever played but their are some flaws like but mostly gmaeplay flaws such as the crossbowman (might have been updated) should be able to reload while moving
76561198093263981,Recommended,219640,9989642,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,NordJitsu,"Chivalry is fast paced and visceral. Its one of the best ""pick up and play"" games around and has enough depth for hours of entertainment. Skill based combat and brutal graphics lead to many OMG! moments. So whether you just want a quicky and dirty hour of play or are looking for a full night off hackign off limbs, this game is reccommended."
76561198127642595,Recommended,219640,9987871,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Yoaudy,Awesome games!!The game has a few bugs like if you dont choose your class fast enough you may have to do it twice. Also just FYI you can hurt team players but team kill are rare once you learn to play it might even add to the challange.  Overall i enjoy thjis game with all its imperfections expansion pack not required if its a couple dollars more for the expansion also then yes.
,Not Recommended,219640,16632877,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,KendrickLamarVEVO,"I'm pretty open to most games, but when this went on sale for 2.50 I was pretty exicted to play, had heard good things as well, but after not being able to even play it for a full hour before losing interest, I find it hard to recommend this game. I understand the appeal, and there's a high skill cap which I clearly did not reach, yet so many fights ended with trading blocks, until one person got a lucky hit, and that's that. Almost feels like a turn based game, the fighting just didn't feel as fluid as I had hoped. In addition, after playing the other gamemodes they all feel about the same just with a different title. I'm not saying it's a bad game, just I'm not partiularly a fan. For 2.50 I'd say it's worth it, but 25 is too much to ask for this."
,Recommended,219640,17677674,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,rackerbam,"Im going to keep it simple.It is a very interesting consept using swords, shields, and axes instead of guns.Make sure you have a pretty good computer though, or else it will lag, even on a low resolution."
76561198093034759,Recommended,219640,13801597,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,lubardi,"this is a rely good game with realistic midevial fighting and is like FPS like without guns,it runs rely smothly and has amazing graphis,but i vave been running into trouble when i try to post a video of it to youtube so i will need to get ahold of the develpors but other than that it is all around a fantastic game and i highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,219640,12496717,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Skooma,"Great game. I've spent a lot of time on it, and met a lot of good people. If you can handle the mechanics changing every few months or so, the feel of combat is blood-pumping and addicting."
,Recommended,219640,16314523,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,GeminiStatic,"Bro, it's like I'm playing Call of Duty, but like I slash a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and kill him. Then I continue to hack at his body repeatedly which is much more personal and affectionate than tea bagging your opponent which is totally insensitive.10/10 - Will hack a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ repeaedtly again."
,Recommended,219640,16835731,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Baked Pepe,"If you want to SCREAM and BEHEAD lots of people, this is the game for you. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,16848525,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Oh Yes Bryce,"I have NEVER played a game where killing someone is this satisfying. Every kill gives you that special feeling.... the one that you get when you just got off a roller coaster... you know, the one in the bottom of your stomach... the one you really like....9/10 would ride roller coaster again just to chop someone's arm off"
76561198214229512,Recommended,219640,16849397,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,GuerrillaXSoldier,fun but challenging
,Recommended,219640,16852800,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Mako El Paco,FOR GLORY!!!!
,Recommended,219640,16854434,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Watch,"Your team mates will accidentally kill you a lot, but it's ok, because you will kill them back.Push C to unlock Mel Gibson mode."
,Recommended,219640,33093659,Posted: 1 July,all,Kaos,Rip Off of For Honorlol jk. is gud
,Recommended,219640,24025603,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Knospe,-buy game-join a server-choose bow class-instantly get insulted by russian5/7 would play again
76561198075260457,Recommended,219640,33229967,Posted: 4 July,all,Догшин Балдан,nica
,Recommended,219640,7997942,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,max,slice em up
76561198082858160,Recommended,219640,33180624,Posted: 3 July,all,Jun,funnyyyy
,Recommended,219640,12631992,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Zeren,I kicked a ninja into a pit in Sparta.  10/10
,Recommended,219640,11046844,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dragoooon,10/10 would play.
,Recommended,219640,33286008,Posted: 5 July,all,LeDankFrog :DD,you spin me right round baby right round like a record baby right right right round
,Recommended,219640,33269984,Posted: 5 July,all,TheAster,"If you want For Honor but your computer cant run it, this is the best game for you ;)"
,Recommended,219640,33304177,Posted: 6 July,all,Suomi,Omfg Its amaizing when playing with bots!
,Not Recommended,219640,17272907,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Noy-Pi,STUPID GAME
,Recommended,219640,29530722,Posted: 27 January,all,Morgan~ Andre,"holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ fantastic  ! really had a great time with this hidden gem, cant"
,Recommended,219640,2065736,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,mixi creamstar,FOR THE ORDAAH
,Recommended,219640,29019406,Posted: 4 January,all,RainZ,Awesome with friends!
,Not Recommended,219640,5416783,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,bee king,bad devs and game/10
,Not Recommended,219640,28406187,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Oliver Rape,"A good looking game , but when i go to play online i cnat even tough  i did the traning and everything and it says Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is not responding becuase i cannot load the goudies or videos"
76561198158225477,Recommended,219640,18561856,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Master Humpledink,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a Medieval based sword fighting game that is honestly pretty unique and can be a lot of fun.The combat is fairly fluid, there's nothing more satisfying than a well timed strike slicing through your enemies neck, the pop as their head separates from their body. You will die a lot in this game, especially at the start - once you get passed that initial bump you'll slowly but surely start to pick up more advanced techniques and learn to string them together into devastating combos. Eventually you will start to predict where the enemy is going to hit and manipulate your character to duck under, run away from or even jump over their blade, while counter attacking and gaining the momentum for yourself.It is easy to grasp the basics, but very hard to master. I feel fairly confident that I'm a decent player after 500 hours, but there are others who completely destroy me without me making a dent.There are bugs, ghost hits, desyncing issues, but they don't crop up so often as to be a major concern, just a minor annoyance.Do yourself a favor and do NOT join the level 15 servers. You'll be the best of the special class until join regular servers and go 1-15 every other game and quit.The biggest downside? While the community isn't all bad, there can be the occasional jerks, but you're playing a video game so don't let it get to you.As a final note;Most of the negative reviews appear to be people who are gettingrektby other players with hundreds of hours while being under 50-100 themselves. The reason they are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all over you is because they have far more practice. Go figure, when you spend 1000 hours doing something you get pretty good at it.Chivalry is also the first game I have played that tells you how to""exploit""in the loading screen.  10/10DEFEND ME, WASH MY BACK."
,Recommended,219640,26184601,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Morckow,"I played this game for about a week. I`ve bouth it on sale so it cost me only 1.49$. Well spent money you guess? Probably.Let`s start with music and sound effects. Music is kind of absent, but fury shouts, battle cries and gurgling sounds of slain rivals is worthy of respect and surely made by sick people.The graphic design is simple. You may think it`s dull, uncool, boring and looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥but it allows you to concenrate on gameplay which is pretty great and interesting and may amaze you and infuriate as well. Combat system looks like something i was waiting for a long time. Block`n`attack system makes gameplay quite original. It will take time to get used to it maybe about an hour or even less cause it not so hard really and when it`s done the most interesting is coming to you.The game is balanced. Totally. Everybody can kick your♥♥♥♥♥ Doesn`t matter is it your enemy or your ally. Enemies will always be faster, more vital and more damageable (is there such a word?) and your allies sometimes will be more even more hazardous then foes. You will be killed by your friends hundred times cause nobody in this game knows what they are doing and who they are attacking. I don`t really know how much time you need to play to truly stop sucking. It isn`t hard to get to the top of your team in scores but anyway you can be sliced in atoms by every opponent player. Missions? Only with God`s blessing some of your teammates will help you to defend/destroy something. Otherwise they will chop into the cabbages themselves on a towering rage just in front of the respawn zone. It`s biblical blood bath.You`ll feel the medieval age by dying and dying and dying... It`s fun at first, but i was surprised how hotheaded this game makes me. I always was a calm guy and it was once in a blue moon when i lost my temper due to games. But just in a week i`ve broke my mouse and almoust destroyed a keyboard while playing.This game is totally worth checking out, but be prepared cause it can realese a medieval warrior rage out of you.20/10 severed limbs"
76561198068568978,Recommended,219640,26216499,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,AnonyM,iv got almost 9 hours played and so far i can say that i like it. The thing i like the most is that you  dont have to play several hours a day to be good
,Not Recommended,219640,30935708,Posted: 3 April,all,IrishBoss,This game actually ruins one of the core reason why I love getting new games; achievements. They have never fixed their achievement tracking and thus some of these are actually impossible to complete as it just doesnt track some of the things you performed. I will not be buying any more games from these developers and I hope they read this and decide to put a little more effort into a system that accurately tracks what a person does in their games. Very VERY disappointed in this poor development.
76561198269617888,Not Recommended,219640,33459514,Posted: 11 July,all,ravenholm,"great combat system( its really not, in my opinion) and even better matchmakiing, in witch in matches me, a rank 4 (when im posting this) against ppl ranks 15! your expecting me, a lvl 4, to beat 1 or more lvl 15s? gg."
,Recommended,219640,28211155,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,cs.money Madz,If you are into hardcore melee combat this is the game for you!
,Not Recommended,219640,14089017,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,.tv/sofasseagull,"I honestly havent played this game enough to really get into depth about why i find it such utter garbage,  other then if you want to look any different then everyone else. whether its the new USER GENERATED CONTENT update. that you have to BUY everything, even though its user made. my biggest issue is the pay to play everywhere. the newest update with UGC fell so far short of what id hoped for. for a long time ive waited for armor and such that could be switched out for free based on how often i played. well, when every single person is running around with the highest tiered weapon, because the choices are so few, thats a balance issue. WHO ADDS FIRE ARMS TO A GAME WHERE MELEE IS PRIMARLY USED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the pirate OMFG. blunderbus. thats all i should have to say. when you can use one class. and one shot eveyone, and barely every die because youre USING A GUN versus bows, spears,swords, etc. no no no. im infuriated with this title. 16 hours i grinded my♥♥♥♥♥off. for what? MORE BUY ME CONENT!!!!!!!! I BOUGHT YOUR GAME ALREADY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    all in all, Valve is a cack, and wont refund me, thus why half the titles on steam exist. thus why EVERYONE tries to get theyre game on steam. cause valve is a ♥♥♥♥♥ about refunds, even though nothing about it is theirs,  and bad dev's keep undeserved money."
76561198058156360,Recommended,219640,14089346,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,saudalthani88,good game but it hardcore game
,Recommended,219640,16150395,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Slayze ツ,"What can you say about this game? Chivalry first started out as a Half-Life 2 mod, but later became standalone. This game is ALOT of fun. There are many gamemodes, including community created mods, my favorite being Giant Slayers and Horde mode. The community is one of the worst ever, being incredibly toxic and cancerous.Pros:+Fun!+Gory, lots of flying limbs+A whole lot of game modes+Character customization+Press C to AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!Cons:-No campaign-TF2-inspired microtransactions-Can get a bit repetitive-Worst ♥♥♥♥ing toxic community ever, but find a non-toxic server and you will have fun"
,Recommended,219640,7667404,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Katlock,Amazing FPS (First Person Slasher) Only MultiPlayer though.
,Recommended,219640,12798786,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Blizz,I took a solid 5 seconds to reload a small bow while a large man in armour bashed my head in with a hammer 10/10
76561198202363260,Recommended,219640,28419532,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Comrade Pol Pot,"Despite all the negative feedback from ""veteran"" players this game is actually really fun. The gore system is pretty good, the  sounds of knights dying is very distrubing, and the weapons are fun to use. I hopped right into the game and was already at the top[ of leaderboard in a match. this is very easy to get into. As of now I give the game a solid 8.4/10"
,Recommended,219640,18010371,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mr. Gem,10/10 A great medieval fighting game to play with friends or even just killing bots.
,Recommended,219640,32056174,Posted: 29 May,all,Arturius Pendragon,I have a couple hours in this.Midnight.Bootup.Pick best helms.Find Moorlands.Have a cok fight.Fight as Mexican Jesus vs Donald Trump.Gather followers.Get killed by one of said followers.Drink a potion and become marshmallow of death.Rain terror.4:00 AM10/10Would time travel again
76561198218694589,Not Recommended,219640,33572941,Posted: 15 July,all,Spoon,asss
,Not Recommended,219640,13704535,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,boglin,unless you are standing on the server you will have 4000 ping all the time. i really enjoyed my time with it good game. 8.87/10
,Recommended,219640,13381355,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,SnipersFEAR32,"This is one of my favorite games in my library. But a bit of warning for new players. Starting off it can be a pretty good and pleasant experience. Get yourself in a Recruit Lobby until the level cap. Then after that unfortunately when you join the veterans area then this game quickly turns in Team Kill Simulator. The real hardcore player will TK you on the spot. Missed a sword swing and hit them? They will TK you as many times as they want. The game is currently divided by those types of players. On One hand you have the recently new players that are good to get a long with. Loads of ""GG"" and ""Sorry for hitting you."" On another hand you have the ""Get out of my way"" players that will show no mercy and kick you with the vote to kick system. Regardless of some of the negativity you read, this game is still pretty awesome."
,Recommended,219640,15414605,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Roblox_Player_74,like it
,Recommended,219640,13358708,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Crippling Depression.,WoW!! Medieval Simulator!! HaHa!!
,Recommended,219640,13374364,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Ace_of_Hearts_,"Very unique. It reminds me of my childhood that consisted of running around the front yard swinging around a toy sword and pretending I was King Arthur or Robin Hood or something. Good times... Anyways, great game!"
76561197969272026,Recommended,219640,13397962,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Pugman,"This review covers the Deadliest Warrior DLC:Bottom Line - If bought on sale, this DLC can be quite fun, but glitches and lack of maps detract from making it a must buy.Deadliest Warrior DLC for Chivalry pits dissimilar classes (Samurai, Ninja, Pirate, Spartan, Viking and Knight from MW) in a variety of modes (Free for All, Team DM, Last Team Standing, Duel, Hold the Banner, and CTF).  The classes are quite different in terms of speed. armor and weapons and requires the player to learn the advanatges/disadvantages for every class.When played on a server with players with similar ping and skill, DW can be quite enjoyable.  The overall problem with the game is:1.  Lack of servers/server with good ping/latency2.  Lack of maps3.  Lack of will/time/interest from the developer to fix the current maps or add new maps.4.  Exploits from experienced playersIt may seem that I've listed more negatives than positives for this game, but with over 700 hours invested into it for about $10 USD that's a value that cannot be beat."
76561198102091156,Recommended,219640,9599594,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,greek613,Loved This Game
,Recommended,219640,9600829,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Daheji,"Quite difficult for first time players, but when you get the hang of it, it's incredibly fun. Some bugs here and there like invisible walls or hitboxes that don't match characters or weapon, but still a really good and fun games with quite a nice community of players. Worth every penny !"
,Recommended,219640,9623635,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Lomens,Its Just....AMAZING WONDERFUL GRAPHICS AND.....AND YOU JUST NEED TO GET IT!
76561197971724080,Recommended,219640,9611094,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Intrepid Tampon,Made a peasants head explode 10/10.
,Recommended,219640,9825568,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,King Aero,this game was swords... must i say more?
,Recommended,219640,8155065,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,bub,Game sucks dongs. 7/10
,Recommended,219640,8157515,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Big Hoss,this game is great
,Recommended,219640,8205434,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,I eat white girl booty,Recommended 10/10 would bang
,Recommended,219640,8230342,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kicking Falcon,For Agatha!
,Recommended,219640,8283810,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,advonahnen,This is an extremely fun game once you get the hang of it!
76561198098227191,Recommended,219640,8261292,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Fist of the Heavens,"This game has endless hours of fun and addictingness. Has the gameplay of Call of Duty, but the style is Elder Scrolls series, you can't go wrong with that!!!If you are into large multiplayer senarios then this is the game for you :)"
,Recommended,219640,8057671,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,-={BallBraker}=-,exalant gameo
76561197989061947,Recommended,219640,8972392,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Beethoven,BLOODY AMAZING
,Recommended,219640,9005194,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Kashi,Much skill is needed to survivebut when you get such skill the game is extreemly rewarding
,Recommended,219640,9596735,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Sharky,Amazing Medieval simulator get it when sales come up but make sure your computer has the necisary SPECS
,Not Recommended,219640,12394176,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Colonel Nico,Hitboxes: Connection Warfare
76561198103316484,Recommended,219640,14231221,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,GabberSlapper,"amazing game, there is no update that can make this game any better because it is already as good at it gets. I wouldnt have this game any other way."
76561197997693040,Recommended,219640,10716183,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ViciousPuppet,I chopped off a guys head then my arm got slashed off. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,10670298,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mr.Crabber☭™,"LOVE VIKINGS AND KILLING BUY FLUFFY BUNNY LAND!you like love good friendships and dancing GET THIS GAME(includes killing , killing, killing, killing, eating cats, killing! ITS THE BEST"
76561198133514705,Recommended,219640,15057327,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,N1gga Jones,"Yugoslavia split up into Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro, and Macedonia. That had nothing to do with the game, but you can't say you didn't learn something and knowing is half the battle. Ponder that.Between 19 and 37 I rate it an 8 (enjoyable)."
76561198010160917,Recommended,219640,20264250,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Steven Seagull,"Don't expect too much from this game, but for a few hours it can be fun and this is the first MMOFPS which plays in medieval times so you can finally use swords, bows, etc."
,Recommended,219640,10604534,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mehungrey,Cut dudes with a crossbow
,Recommended,219640,11144400,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Littleking,"Fun, fast-paced medival wafare game."
76561198152781905,Not Recommended,219640,26368176,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Thanatos,One of the WORST games that I have ever owned.  The Hit detection is pure garbage. Kicking doesnt work half the feckin time. And as for your ability to block welllll......IT IS ABOUT AS WIDE A VERTICAL TOOTHPICK DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF YOU!!!!!! ALSO KEEP IN MIND THERE IS NO SINGLE PLAYER MODE WHAT-SO-EVER. Overall Game is garbage unless you like a bunch of teamkillers hacking at each other and an indefinite amount of trolls as far as the eye can see. ONCE AGAIN....I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME AT ALL!!!!!
76561198070272883,Recommended,219640,15515778,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,KonRak,By far my favorite medieval themed game
,Recommended,219640,14766159,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Katastroaf,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,11083563,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Java Awp,FOR AGATHA!10/10!!
76561198145244860,Recommended,219640,15497344,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Aphid,be like the extremely fun to watch Rhino Crunch and totaly be good at this game
76561197960343128,Recommended,219640,12432,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,c0ck fighter,best melee FPS game ever made.just try it.
76561198049468419,Not Recommended,219640,14767438,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Oven,"I bought this game expecting Dio Brando to be the star athlete. I was dissapointed to find that Dio Brando has been removed from the English release. Also there are no star athletes. I am quite honestly disappointed in the way the video game industry is advancing. It seems like its been ages since the last truly good game that had Dio Brando as the star athelete featured Dante from the Devil May Cry series. Perhaps its just a personal problem but I just don't think that this is the right path for the future. I suppose From Software will improve once their dog, Danny, is burned alive. 9.78992.5 / 10."
,Recommended,219640,14658131,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,AstroSloth,this is definitely one of the best games i own on steam.  whether it be cutting off and enemy arm/leg or assaulting a castle to kill the king.   i would definitely recomend this game to anybody who likes medieval settings or to somebody who just wants a first persongame (without guns).
76561198055640787,Not Recommended,219640,11855188,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Frice,yy
,Recommended,219640,13546671,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TrickyJesta,take the game and your weapon and start cutting head off
,Recommended,219640,13913287,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Scrubby-duup,10/10 game
,Recommended,219640,13700894,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,FrostyChef,I love this game even though it may as well be called Team Killing SImulator 2014
,Recommended,219640,15362033,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Fancy,You scream.You shout.You let it all out.12/10 IGN
76561198089173943,Recommended,219640,12646032,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,ErasableSalmon,Watching my limbs fly 12/10.
76561198061640523,Recommended,219640,12191340,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,mcbenis,10/10 Бац бы снова
76561198063303277,Recommended,219640,28478196,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Jani.,Best knight simulator!
76561198134791988,Recommended,219640,13042469,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,That Guy,Great game
76561198050895598,Not Recommended,219640,30319009,Posted: 4 March,all,Accidentally =],"This is my thrid time installing this game and giving it a try again after several dissapointments about the kicking system, it's never about gameplay, it's really amazing, and the combact system looks great, but when those kids who ain't so skillful keeps dying and couldn't do anything about this, they would just spam on the kicking button to cast you out with lots of crazy reasons (Ping...; This guy needs to go...; Byebye lol) I mean wtf is happening to this toxic community, speeding the death of this already dying game, why would devs still allow kids in spaming their kicks on dedicated players who really love this game, but could not reenter any servers (not much servers filled with players already, maybe 1 or 2) becoz of kid's rage on spamming that kicking system? Devs please do sth about this, it's been many times already, when people doesn't like 'better' players on PvP, they could just easily kick people out with kid's words saying blablabla, this game is so ruined I never want to play again with that only playable server denied me from entering so many times just coz of kids, please"
76561198123701483,Recommended,219640,17918979,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,CaptPip,PLEASE FIX THE FPS LAG ON MACS!
76561198149265506,Recommended,219640,13061445,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,TheLegend27,"love this game, i played it on the free weekend and it was sooo aswesome and fun!!"
,Recommended,219640,14094106,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Sisu™ Gu$i Gu$i,CoD back to the basics
,Recommended,219640,24975541,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Chris,"Eh, it's a good, fun game. That's all I can really think of."
,Recommended,219640,7817530,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Fruiti,Great game. Very good controls once used to it.
,Not Recommended,219640,9077436,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,MasterCrate,lagged out due to a small processor complex.
76561198062481645,Recommended,219640,16093075,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,SpectreBear,Great game easy to learn and Extremely hard to master
,Recommended,219640,26040556,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,The Nut Guy,>First match Free for All>Spawn as Archer>Crossbow>Start picking people off while they're fighting>Profit
76561198058734531,Recommended,219640,13173768,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MrWugfe,Super fun with a nice progression and good diversity. 8/10
76561198267639791,Not Recommended,219640,24709813,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Rubicon,"Pros: Fun game, wide variety of weapons, fun levelsCons: Toxic community, will get kicked for no reason, various times."
76561198068255016,Not Recommended,219640,29710412,Posted: 4 February,all,PinballWizard,Fun for a little bit it gets boring pretty quickly. not worth the 25 dollars. if you really want it ten definitely wait for a sale
,Recommended,219640,26040591,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Big Poo Poo Boi,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,16093320,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,drayx11,There is always that guy who has everything unlocked and one hits you to oblivion while they were jumping off a wood tower avoiding milimeters the 69 hundred thousand arrows from your team. ALWAYS.
,Recommended,219640,16411623,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Unafflicted,"Very fun game, different than your typical fps/multiplayer game. Best and most in depth melee combat you can experience. Tons of game modes and maps. Graphics engine was well utilized, game looks good and the unreal engine powering it is well optimized for even entry level systems. Great game for lan parties as well.You can decapitate and remove any limb from your opponents body. its bloody visceral. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,14533660,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,SillyGandalf,Niceeee
,Recommended,219640,14536052,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,SiKeLoS,perfectooo.....
,Recommended,219640,14537860,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,VIRTUAL,"Just gory enough to make every kill satisfying. It's mostly just goofy, but it can be a ton of fun. Get a couple of friends and slash at each other with all sorts of sharp objects."
,Not Recommended,219640,14168349,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ob,>Getting 5000 fps in menu screen>Have adaptive vsync on>getting 1200 fps in game>Game not in Alpha or BetaGG
,Recommended,219640,14529454,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Какаду,I killed someone with a flag then I punched a knight with my fists then finished him with a dropkick.Would dropkick agaim 10/10
,Recommended,219640,14537528,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Daring Dunkachino,"Medieval Warfare: To me, it falls short of its downloadable content counterpart, but none the less it is a superb medieval warfare (heh) simulator. The combat and movement is clean and precise and it's got quality gameplay all around. And hell, I'd be lying if I said the taunts and battle cries dont crack me up some. If you're into swords and shields battling, this is the game for you.Deadliest Warrior: What's better than slicing a pirate to shreds with a katana while your buddy is about to cave your skull in with a mace? Stop talking, there isn't anything. This entirely worthy of stand-alone DLC provides hours upon hours of fun and competetive combat along with a variety of different warrior customizations and weapons. The maps are diverse and the scenery is beautiful, though I don't know how much time you'll have to spend looking at the trees as a viking is chopping your limbs off. Overall, 10/10 would buy again."
76561198038874103,Recommended,219640,26073784,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Apanatshka,"Nice game, but really laggy online multiplayer."
,Recommended,219640,28406689,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mortiest Morty,.
,Recommended,219640,19916628,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,LeafRebel,Runs to enemy. Gets shot in the head by a archer.10/10 Would get camped again
,Recommended,219640,16195952,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Patyumi,XD so FUNNNNN especially when you do black knight mode and cut off peoples limbs and they live long :P 10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,19165261,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Weeaboo,"I dont like it, i think it is very unfair on online matches. I do not reccomend buying this"
,Recommended,219640,32438818,Posted: 15 June,all,1948dallas,ONLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ RUNNING AROUD U
76561198132998878,Recommended,219640,21180846,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SeanJohn,"I would recommend this as no but it is a good game. If anyone had ever played Mount and Blade it's really just the multiplayer for that. I will admit it is fun but it had its flaws. I like Mount and Blade so much because of how realistic it is in terms of weapons and units and battles. Yea the units might not be all like sonething out of the History channel, but they are close enough. In Chivalry, you just have 4 classes to play from and all of the classes incorporate a different type of unit into one class, making them better off making the different load outs just different classes (ex:longbow for archer would be longbow man, crossbow would be crossbowman, etc.) Overall it really is a good game but I would HIGHLY recommend playing Mount and Blade (ant one of those games) first."
,Recommended,219640,16373810,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Flame,"Combat is quite basic but it gets the job done. The amount of game modes online is pretty good. The classes and weapons you will get will be interesting as well. I suggest playing with a controller for this one, but you do you. The map design is very good. The bloodiness and limbs I can cut off makes this game kinda fun for me. I'll give this game an 8 out of 10. It's really good and all, but it doesn't really wow me."
,Recommended,219640,16080219,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Skipper,"I love this game, but my guns wont work"
,Recommended,219640,13482111,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sir Johnny Von Dickledick VII,Awesome and realistic. 8/10
,Recommended,219640,26158189,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Feels,"Really fun game, just don't take it too seriously. If you're playing this to be the best and tryhard anyway you can you're just going to get frustrated. So much funny stuff happens in this game. It'll create a lot of hilarious memories that'll keep you coming back to enjoy yourself rather than win every match you play. A lot of people say the community is really bad but I disagree, to an extent. Some people take it way too seriously and honestly it can be cringey becuase this just doesn't feel like the type of game to be that way in. Just have fun. Don't get frustrated when you reach rank 15 and leave the noob servers and get destroyed by people who've been playing for years becuase it will happen. I was winning literally every match I played but I left the noob servers and got my butt kicked over and over. Playing against better players you'll learn new strategies and how things work. There's a lot of elitsit, people who look down on new players and will make fun of you for simply asking questions. Google is your friend, don't be afraid of him. Very steep learning curve in this game. It takes awhile to actually get good at so don't be discouraged. Let me give you a simple tip for starting out. Don't swing horizontally around allies. Do overheads and stabs to avoid injuring your team mates. It's ok to remind people of this in the noob servers becuase a lot of people don't have a clue what they're doing and spam left mouse. Avoid spamming, remember ducking, press F, and avoid endless blocking. Most importantly have fun."
,Recommended,219640,12587863,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Eleganto,"best sword simulator ever, Awesome graphics awesome mechanics hardcore gameplay"
76561198025401428,Not Recommended,219640,14566019,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sjukpensionären,It had some good potential but flail manipulation ruined it. Once you reach level 18 you're gonna wonder what the hell is going on and then realize it's not a medieval game anymore. It's all about who can glitch the game the most.
76561198083648777,Not Recommended,219640,32006589,Posted: 27 May,all,PANTER,Fix this unoptimized game
76561198053753629,Recommended,219640,18484239,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mr. Increbidle,"George R.R. Martin's best-selling book series `A Song of Ice and Fire' is brought to the screen as HBO sinks its considerable storytelling teeth into the medieval fantasy epic. It's the depiction of two powerful families - kings and queens, knights and renegades, liars and honest men - playing a deadly game for control of the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros, and to sit atop the Iron Throne. Martin is credited as a co-executive producer and one of the writers for the series, which was filmed in Northern Ireland and Malta."
76561198086636581,Not Recommended,219640,18212894,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,snake_plissken,"It is a fun game, if you like being kicked from every other sever, and if you like being kicked when you team kill by accident, and if you like being kicked because you made a snarky comment, and if you like being kicked because your ping is slighty higher than others, and if you like being kicked because you didn't yell ""CHARGE!"" with your team.   Basically if you like being kicked from servers, this is your game.This game used to be really fun, but now it is just full of annoying people that hate the world.  The community has ruined this game."
,Recommended,219640,18689380,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Vq.| DangSmallWang,this game is the cheese
32498695876253489,Recommended,219640,18284505,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Malak1man,Come Hither!
,Recommended,219640,18024748,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,✪ trexx,This game is very fun but only if you play it with a couple of friends.... I had a blast playing with my two buds and would totally recommned
,Recommended,219640,1351149,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Robert E. REEEEE,It's k.
,Recommended,219640,18551758,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,redlegocraft,The game is cery interesting the graphics are good and the multiplayer mechanics are good
76561198008142448,Recommended,219640,18526989,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,MothMan123,amazing multiplayer combat system. first real intense melee fighting
,Recommended,219640,18527257,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Splasher9000&1,good game !
,Not Recommended,219640,18528098,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,not in use - new act.,No. No. No. No. Just ♥♥♥♥ing no.
76561198085971784,Not Recommended,219640,19033740,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Reeven,"This is a good game, but the community makes it kind of crappy."
,Not Recommended,219640,19194823,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Carnuficor,Pretty boring and basic. Gets old after about 15 minutes
,Not Recommended,219640,18837354,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Spookador,"Awful.Buggy animations, swing/bock timing is terrible (enemies will swing THROUGH your block to kill you), level 40 players on newbie servers, purchasable weapons with incredible stat boosts.Don't buy until development gets competent."
,Not Recommended,219640,18837786,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,the think emoji,"Broken, customization doesn't work."
,Recommended,219640,28546074,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,LordWeegeeIII,I was slicing the heads off my own team mates just to get kicked from the server. ;D
76561198018699886,Recommended,219640,17116467,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,A Very Displeased Bird,"This game is weirdly compeling, you kind of fall in love with it, I read up a bit about the Agatha Knights and there loyal, honourable ways, and when I am home alone I scream for agatha while I tw*t members of the Mason Order in the face. I feel this game is so detremental to my life after only 24 hours I will be buying a battle axe so I can sit at home holding it screaming for Agatha while i quiver in my chair and die of hunger, I probably should have brought food with that moneyPretty good game.......Mason Order are cu*ts..........FOR AGATHA! PUT DOWN THE ORDER!"
,Recommended,219640,17890826,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,[SCP]侍Phil295CZ侍[66pp],Very funny and amazing game !!!
76561198141278252,Recommended,219640,16100001,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,WeTong Le Asian King,Its worth it trust me 11/10.
,Recommended,219640,23395138,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Heinz,So good this game
,Recommended,219640,7514720,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Bogs,"Awesome!-Weapon unlocks ranging from Bows to mauls!-Addictive Melee combat so player skill is what wins! not the weapon (of course you may be better at some weapons and diffrent shields!--4 Completely diffrent classes, Archer (archer) Man at arms (fast and light) Vangaurd (spearman that can charge into batttle) And the knight (slow and heavy.)-Well designed maps ranging from giant castles to open fields-easy to use ""talking system"" so you can say ""help!"" or laugh and much more... at the push of a button-awesome ragdoll system (you can cut someones HEAD off!)Cons- some classes are a little bit OP with the right players-Very rage inducing"
76561198106559004,Not Recommended,219640,17932862,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,okyman,"This game is fun if you can find a server that has consistant ping.  I join a server with 50 something ping and as soon as i run into battle, i get killed in one hit.   Almost everytime.  Shouldnt happen with the most heavily armored charcter.  So i goto look at my ping and it has jumped to 110-120...  I am right by my router, and i have excelent connection on other games.  So i have no idea why this one gives me so much♥♥♥♥♥♥ to where its unplayable."
,Recommended,219640,17993508,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Jawunleashed,"Here's my honest review of Chivalry: Medieval Warfare!As I entered my first match, I ran up and chopped someone's head off.Turns out, that was my teammate's head. I then got kicked by said teammate.24601 / 42 would DEFINITELY get kicked again for chopping a teammate's head."
76561198174145675,Not Recommended,219640,18367842,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,TheChosen1-1-7,"The game was great until it stopped working, now it just says app not responding and doesnt even open, please fix this issue."
,Recommended,219640,17957213,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,[88] Godder,Dance simulator...
,Recommended,219640,19918852,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,EpicGroover,you can chop off peoples heads and other limbs! :D
,Recommended,219640,19919186,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Мечта,All I got to say is its gory and is fun to play
,Recommended,219640,19918949,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mr D,Awesome
76561198142416045,Recommended,219640,19920526,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ergo,MUCH FUN SUCH RESPONABILITIY
,Recommended,219640,19922062,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,fuyck furries,"♥♥♥♥ yes, but cancer community"
76561198054143463,Recommended,219640,19920873,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Cthuluhoop,I remember a game like this i forgot what its called
76561198108165672,Not Recommended,219640,17396595,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Scout,"bad community bad players  thats all im gonna say not wasting  170,kr on"
,Not Recommended,219640,17153004,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Hyptex,eh
76561197999812841,Recommended,219640,17188351,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,NowM,How did they ♥♥♥♥ up such a good game.
,Recommended,219640,17536041,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,ÅŁҒå,Good game with perfect combat system
76561197994429001,Recommended,219640,19771620,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Soma Cruz,"Fun game, awful community. If you don't take it seriously and want to♥♥♥♥♥♥around for an hour, this is a fun time waster."
,Recommended,219640,19951585,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Виктория Супова,Заебок рубилово.
,Recommended,219640,19937226,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Weeb,idi nahuy
,Recommended,219640,18556065,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,merdo,nice game
,Not Recommended,219640,18527964,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,NitroGlicerin,Usually fine but has a ♥♥♥♥ ton of broken mechanics ergo negative reviewDEVS STOP BEING LAZY AND FIX
,Not Recommended,219640,15878528,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,TheDemonFolf,"one of the least fun games ive played in awhile. Ping plays far too much of a role in games and the classes seem to be not balanced very well. plus the learning curve is so extreme that getting new players in is a huge hastle. Ive had much more fun playing Pirates vikings and Knights 2, a much simpler, albeit graphically worse, game that i enjoy a lot more so ill stick to that."
,Recommended,219640,8038235,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,[CoC9] Vintage Fenrir </FUG-III>,"Having previously downrated this game due to hit detection being almost non-existant, I have since reinstalled and given it another shot. Hit detection has no longer been a problem, and having actually been able to play the game, have found it excellent. The gameplay is fast and full of action, and there is humor spread about without getting in the way of the rest of the game. Very well made."
,Recommended,219640,8039805,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,The Beast,"I have both Medieval Wafare and Deadliest Warrior. They both run really well despite me not having the best of PCs. The games are extremely fun, you can either be competitive and try to beat people using very smooth melee fighting techniques or you can be a derp and try to get funny kills, either way I love this game and I reckon most people will too."
,Recommended,219640,9079936,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,NaturalSelector89,You can hit someone with a sword in the head.You can hit your friends with a sword in the head.10/10.
,Recommended,219640,5100817,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,SKG ASZ,銃がない戦争FPS。弓以外は主に近接武器で戦うことになる。城を攻めたり、王を殺しに行ったりとMAPにより勝利条件が違ったりするのがすごく楽しい。・・・が戦い方自体は非常に単調。やりすぎるときっと数日で飽きるwドハマりはしないけれど、そこそこ楽しめるゲーム。セール時でも12ドルくらい。もっとMAP増えてくれることに期待！
,Recommended,219640,11513461,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,digitalstomp,hodor
76561198016633124,Recommended,219640,10759691,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jeffy,Great Meelle Combat GameTakes some practice to be good at dis game.Better then most medival time games out there
76561198007330518,Recommended,219640,8068260,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,inTense RioTz,"i usally go on about combat systems or things like that. But lets says this. If you dont like this game, you have no soul. the only bad thing is the unlock system."
76561198069250085,Recommended,219640,11665569,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Green Bastard,Awesome
,Recommended,219640,25005094,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Gibus Hero,http://store.steampowered.com/app/17570/Free Chivalry 10/10
,Recommended,219640,11532483,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,caveman igor,$HIT Game dont buy
76561198066484078,Recommended,219640,9329543,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,lord_yenehc,"Great game: medieval 1st/3rd person slaughterfest, and now with Deadliest Warrior - Slaughter as a multitude of classes."
76561197971427786,Recommended,219640,9331573,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Chief Mass,"deadliest update +100, game is a bit fun without the expantion but your fun will increase should you DL the expantion"
76561198059420416,Not Recommended,219640,9903880,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Snoblind,"Yes this is a great game, but as for the previous updates and the dlc content Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior, I can see they have ruined part of the game and will continue ruining the spirit of Chivarly, So i cannot vote ""Yes"" at the moment."
,Recommended,219640,9327446,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Weaponized Qurans,its like counter strike but without guns
,Recommended,219640,9327043,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Insert Text,"This Game is really fun, however the unlock of weapons holds it back, but if you can look past that this game is a definite buy."
,Recommended,219640,8469777,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rin Pin,"daggers are op , volvo pls nerf"
,Recommended,219640,7746673,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Estoppel,"An unexpectedly addicting game with a steep learning curve an a surprising amount of depth. It is essentially a first-person fighting game whose gameplay revolves around spacing, hitboxes, and frame data. Even though it is a bit simplistic compared to traditional fighters, it is amazing how much fun you can have with only three buttons and chain combos. Also, the first person aspect of aiming your moves and having to specifically block your opponents weapon make it a very unique experience.The game suffers from most of the problems a first game does though. Significant glitches and sometimes sketchy netcode can sometimes make the game frustrating, as do balance issues and map design. Still, it is great fun to play casually and I hope a true, more polished sequel comes somewhere down the line."
,Recommended,219640,13172897,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,maybeweredead,Would be fun if teammates didn't always kill you themselves.
,Recommended,219640,13826637,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,4our2wenty,nnnnnnnnnnnnyessssssss
76561198038716359,Recommended,219640,14425947,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,IAMHOBBIT,"""Art thou my eunuch? I shall make it so!"""
76561198127566583,Recommended,219640,26621376,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,halklas,staby staby
76561198154726018,Recommended,219640,27132970,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WitoS,reka noga mozg na scianie
76561198068488436,Recommended,219640,29743190,Posted: 6 February,all,KezoN,Good
76561198065487132,Recommended,219640,28919305,Posted: 1 January,all,RedScream5,Very fun game. Definite skill depth if you want it too.
,Recommended,219640,29982303,Posted: 17 February,all,Johnny the salesman,"One of the best Medieval Warfare games, anyone can easily spend hundreds of hours playing"
76561198077391429,Recommended,219640,29763589,Posted: 7 February,all,krakekou,i tink fun game buyt i refunt cuz mij vrind mac didt run goed zo it i vun wit vrinds
,Recommended,219640,27174934,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RockRoll,This game is something fun
,Recommended,219640,24747453,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,No Homo Bro,i dont get it
76561198044038344,Recommended,219640,27788167,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,†GruffyWuffy†,AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,219640,26351169,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,MaveTheSlayer,Oooooo ♥♥♥♥ing gore!!!!! Best game!
76561198036001762,Recommended,219640,24284305,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,LilBobbyFuFu,"Best. chivalry game. ever.Also, it's addicting :P"
,Recommended,219640,24211410,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,snek,shields r 4 wankrs/10
76561198090051215,Recommended,219640,24056571,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Russkiy,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198147938484,Recommended,219640,22170545,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Moldy Turtle Burgers,"Good parts of the game:-Great combat system (when it isin't getting abused by higher-ranked players)-Very immersive-Sounds and animations are glorious-Great graphics even for today-Full ragdoll and dismemberment abilities, making killing someone alot more satisfying when you chop off someones head or something. (Especially fun on black knight servers)-Great voice acting-Very skill basedNot-So-Great parts of this game:-Very skill based. Everyone will be better than you, and when you get better than them there will be someone else who is better than you after that, and so on and so forth. Then there's people who just abuse the combat system. (Don't get me wrong its good but its bad at the same time)-The combat system. 99.9 Percent of the time people will be using the knight-twister techniques which just makes it impossible to fight against them. They can either hit so fast you wont be able to humanly react or swing so fast that you wont even physically be able to block, which is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cause then your basically a pincusion for them till you die. Then, they can also swing slower by manipulating thier bodies just like you would be swinging fast exept you just drag your mouse rather than flick your mouse. What makes it even more insulting is that when you slow drag most people (including me) tend to block because you think that they are going to hit you faster than what they are really going to hit , so you end up block earlier than the stike, making you completely vulnerable to thier giant mace pounding your skull to a nice pulp. You know what's similiar to that? fienting. People usually shun other people who fient, especially when they are a higher level than that person that they are calling out, but they, themselves are technically fienting by exploiting the whole combat system with thier slow drags. Hypocritical, much? On top of that, there are usually a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amount of vanguards or archers which are extremely OP classes compared to the others. I.E. the Vanguard has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amount of reach and spread damage, and on top of that do a lot of base damage themselves, depending on the weapon. They also have a notable amount of armour, the second best amount of armour in the game, in fact. Now for the Archers. They have extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ armour and can die in one overhead of any decent weapon HOWEVER, that does not really make up for the fact that they are the only class that is forced to use daggers, which do a little bit of damage but a WHOLE lot of stun-lock. Like, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amount. You basically need to block them before you can even do a dent of damage on them. Then combine that with the fact that they are supposed to be a weak melee class but alot of player use this class for melee, it seems kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Then also combine that with the fact that they a the most ranged class in the game with one shot weapons were if you aim in the general direction of a enemies head with an X-bow or Javelin and shoot into a crowd of people, regardless of your teammates or not, heads will be exploded. Anyway, im gonna stop typing because my hands are tired. Good night if you live in canada."
76561198074308009,Recommended,219640,24957731,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Just Ballista'd You,"""Are you out of your mind??""  - ""Yes, my lord""Beating weapons together.... ""IT IS A GOOD DAY...TO DIEEEEE!!!!"" - *arrow explodes head*, *dies*""Your wife is a hobby horse!""  - ""Thank you brother!""""Doest thou insist to fill the world with VICIOUS QUALITIES??"" - ""NO, MY LORD!"""
76561198243581658,Recommended,219640,26059585,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Wall Frog,kek
,Recommended,219640,26422097,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ZiggoKill,One of the best online medieval games!8/8 needs more kings to defend.ProsEverything about this game is a proConsIt would be cool with a campaign but the online experience almost makes it feel like it is a story.
76561198103322620,Recommended,219640,26347989,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ridver,soy yo
,Recommended,219640,18729311,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,LukaDamn,"Hmmm...Chivalry Medieval Warfare...Its Basically Call of Duty placed in 10th century.Why? Well..- It has pointless DLC's that are kind of expensive- It has TDM, FFA, and many more Call of Duty based gamemodes- Graphics and optimization are the same- The name is starting with ""C"" and ending in ""Warfare""- It is really MLG 720 1080 360 noscopish (yep with a bow)- Has MLG OP Leveling up system- Has MLG OP Custom Class system- You can quickscope (yep with a bow x2)- You can be a super tryhard (noobtubing, wooow i went too far)10/10 would quickscope with a bow and trickshot with a....hmm..oh yep with a bow( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198074549103,Recommended,219640,18595663,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,don wan csgobig.com,"great game, bets played with friends"
,Recommended,219640,1244293,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Capnmaf,"This is an almost arcadey-like first-person medieval action game. It's quite unique, offering a gritty-yet-cheesy war experience most other games don't offer. The combat system is quite fluid and makes sense, offering skill-based play to happen. It's also quite satisfying. Once you get past your enemies defense and strike the final blow, you hear your blade slip through your opponent as his head rolls, blood spurting from his neck, which you follow up with a poorly voice-acted taunt. It's fantastic."
,Recommended,219640,5336030,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,Kraken,Travel back in time and slice ♥♥♥♥♥'s heads off
,Recommended,219640,3957252,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,BrokenIQTest,SO FREAKING GOOOOOOOOOOOD!
,Recommended,219640,9658739,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Quinn,"Hard, but fun with friends"
76561198213664775,Recommended,219640,28503889,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hugo,gg
76561198049184392,Recommended,219640,9679535,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Only the British Empire,blood and thunder
76561198032317229,Recommended,219640,9676983,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,eggerskyle,"A FPS with sword, axes, maces, sheilds, spears, and bows and arrows."
,Recommended,219640,6797232,"Posted: 13 March, 2013",all,IDGAFOS,*spawns* 1... 2... 3... *AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHAHHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111!!!!!!!!!!!!!*
76561198076175433,Recommended,219640,6817383,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,still alive,Good Game!
76561198063613497,Recommended,219640,7453707,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Walker,"A hard learning curve for any slow person. But, knowing the flow of combat will leave you very satified. Its 29.99, a steep price for a game that has many bugs. But, if caught on sale, grab it. I grabed it for 6.24. Best bet, get while on sale or get Deadlist Warrior beta. Thats only 14.99. Note you you need this to play the dlc. And a 15 bucks dlc. Wtf..."
,Recommended,219640,7722814,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,∂єα∂ мαη´ѕ Hamburger,"Awesome,Funny,Brutal, uhh... Buy it :)"
,Recommended,219640,5990329,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,Saul Goodman,Buy it and let me chop your heads off!
,Recommended,219640,5605871,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,⎝👽⎠ Error404 ⎝👽⎠,Kauft es euch!!! Es lohnt sich!!!
,Recommended,219640,9270045,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Gastrodon,"Incredibly intense fight sequences, competitive gameplay, as well as great mechanics, beautiful scenary in the maps.I highly recommend it,"
,Recommended,219640,9348396,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Kotton,yes
,Recommended,219640,8616524,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Shogun,Call of Duty with swords 10/10
76561198066424986,Recommended,219640,8437083,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,NyQuil,really fun game
,Recommended,219640,3707328,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Eduardo,AGATAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH !!! Buy this game ! Now !
76561198214340105,Not Recommended,219640,17951653,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,wehckk,Choppy game with poor gameplay. Waste of money even at the $4 price point.
,Not Recommended,219640,17903722,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Cheshire Kat,"Medival TF2.  No campaign mode, all pvp."
76561198087895693,Recommended,219640,19474559,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,HUUHH,"Chimney:  Mediocre Wellfare is one of the best strategy games out there.  It has features similar to Sims, as you can build and customize your house in many, different, unique ways. The geo-political strategy part is smart, realistic, and mostly educational."
76561198049137391,Recommended,219640,19776122,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,HorseMcHorse,bEST GAME
,Not Recommended,219640,20157120,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,R3FRSH,"The gameplay is fun however is is ruined by an overly toxic community. This game is full of trolls, more so than any other game I've played, and will kick you from matches for no reason at all."
76561198098409935,Not Recommended,219640,20267343,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,chapwest,Do not buy this game!!! It lags sooooo much it is imposible to play.
,Not Recommended,219640,20267865,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheCaliph™,Okay...This Game Is Simply Not Fun....you need to be a pro by start because its unforgiving....no matchmaking so you can play against a pro in you frost game which just ruins everything.....it is hard to control and servers only have 32 players maximum which is really boring when you are i na huge server with only 32 players.....not the game i expected it to be....just go buy mount&blade warband its way better and has 250 player servers.....
,Recommended,219640,26069935,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,WilkuS,Polceam tę gre jest świetna można w nią grac godzinami.Po odpaleniu nie mogłem z niej wyjsc przez 3 godziny tak mnie wciągneła.Gra jest warta swojej ceny.Polecam Bardzo serdecznie.
76561198009201598,Recommended,219640,20794161,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Milton Waddams,A good game for Fatswordsman people.
,Recommended,219640,21091222,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ProcDrone,"Game modes are pretty dump and far to small team count, but the gameplay itself is pretty good, its fun to fight with swords with this fight model."
,Recommended,219640,17866448,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Weast $ide Thug,Its ok...
,Recommended,219640,3196327,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,White Lion,BEAST that is all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,16079701,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Macaroni Smiles,meh
,Recommended,219640,14099403,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Edgy Mcedgyface,"this is the best gaym everno it sucks, or does it?no it's actually the worst game i've ever played"
,Not Recommended,219640,26319865,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Widdly Scuds,"Worked in Beta just fine, to this day still cant get the game 1080 full screen since it released. It has every damn resolution known to man except 1080 in options. I have even set the hight and width with the steam launch options, still didint work."
,Recommended,219640,18500645,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,I did 9/11 No Scope,Crack your knuckles and start playing.10/10 would crack my knuckles again.
,Recommended,219640,18500501,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Moisturizer,realy good game recommend to every one that likes fps and medival games the game looks nice an realistic
76561198031713759,Recommended,219640,24173846,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,*KoV* Emskinz,its ok
76561197970078168,Recommended,219640,378649,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,hermetico,"GOOD IDEA BUT POORLY DEVELOPED.This game could be an awesome game but, it has lots of minor issues that, together, make a big issue.Controls aren't quick responsive, what makes a hell to fight with sense.You can loose your weapon while in training mode, without possibility to get it back.Lots of stupid programming glitches.Location to Spanish is bad, accentuated typos are wrong and, text takes more size than available in menu.No way to select full screen mode.Briefing it: don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,17066142,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Zanphear,"Skill required, easy to get better with practice. Satisfying gameplay when hits connect and you win a fight. Would definitely recommend."
76561198031235256,Recommended,219640,17078948,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,scott1,I find this game challenging yet fun. I love the satisfaction of killing another player and dominating the field and hate the disapointment of being dominated. This game has a learning curve but once you get it the game becomes more enjoyable. I play this to get out any pent up aggresion XD
76561198131213510,Recommended,219640,17065488,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,✪ b,This game is awesome!Loving it so far!
,Recommended,219640,17077362,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,YoungPalpatine,Tis' but a scratch!
76561198084555140,Recommended,219640,11028209,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,SQUABLYBOB,great game slash people yea.
,Recommended,219640,30824903,Posted: 29 March,all,RYUJI'S GOOD LEG,meme/10would in fact meme again
,Not Recommended,219640,11886857,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Duke,"To be honest it's still playable and can be fun sometimes, but with every patch they just seem to ♥♥♥♥ it up somehow. Swords use to be king but then those got nerfd to♥♥♥♥♥♥and maces became good and then swords got good again, you get the idea.and more offten then not i feel like i'm playing a tryhard simulator."
,Not Recommended,219640,11898828,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,♥ Ancient Gay ♥,"I would not recommend this game. Administrators have in the♥♥♥♥♥cheaters. Whenever I connect to any game, it will always be a cheater. For this unbalanced class and full of bugs in weaponry. Do not buy this game, because you lose only the money. If nothing is done with the cheaters, I want a refund for the game!"
,Not Recommended,219640,11826602,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,coolguyace,"Duel is horrible. Once you get to highly experienced players, they exploit glitches. Shields do no work properly and weapons are not balanced at all. The controls are bad and it's a waste of time to wait for a such a large game to download. If the gameplay is horrible, there's no reason for great graphics. This is the worst game I own on Steam. It's full of glitches. Might as well be a charging goon or an archer, because that's all it's good for."
,Recommended,219640,15189566,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,~iNstawiN~,The best competitive medieval style hand-to-hand combat game.
,Recommended,219640,15179679,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Sprinklepuffs,"A brand new knight in this world of war. I begin in a terrain of rolling hills with my team mates to kill the opposing team, everything's all fancy. We charge, and I let out a blood curdling scream that even I was surprised by how long I sustained it. My response were more soul ripping screams from my army running alongside me.I look over to my side to see my chivlarous friend fighting against a knight. What a time to help out! I begin running towards him only to see a second and third enemy fly out from the cover of the trees and cut him down with no remorse. And in a split instant, they all spotted me.....and charge.I should stand my ground, and provide honor for my name and clan, but ho hey! Wait a minute! I am part of The Mason's Order, a group that secretly plotted and are fighting against the Agatha Knights, their previous friends. Any honor I had, VANISHED. So I turned and ran, for my life depended on it. I felt the footsteps get closer, my time was drawing near. In the midst of the day, a friendly archer swooped from around a rock and shot one in the throat. One down! The a vanguard comes and begins taking on all three. I was free!I took a moment to look around the battefield. Blood. Bodies. Bone. My vanguard cuts down the second enemy. A friendly knight falls with only one arm. A man of the Mason Order ran up to another friendly, and threw his lance into his back. Traitor.Suddenly, my vision reddens and a searing pain escapes my arm. An arrow! I turn to my left and see the enemy, and begin running. He readies his bow and I scoop to the left, narrowly missing a second shot. He draws another arrow, and shoots! I manage to jump high and over the speeding bolt. And finally, I was on top of him.I take a swing, and direct hit! But he takes out a dagger and manages to sink it into my side. Not today, for I kick him which winds him, and bring down my sword upon his head, in one swift motion.The exhiliration was intense, adrenaline coursing through my blood. I turn around to locate my next target, when my teammate runs up to me and stabs me straight through my stomach. We lock eyes, until he retrieves his weapon and proceeds forward.My death was brought to me by a traitorous traitor whom I called a brother. Oh, the irony.But yeah, good game. I'll get back to it"
76561198106572540,Not Recommended,219640,12833417,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[REDi]1R PTE Alex Jones,Just not fun
76561198055490600,Recommended,219640,13550331,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chubs,It's aight
76561198129672958,Recommended,219640,16101168,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Meme Spirit,"Well,the graphics are excellent but there's are some lil' problems like : lag and no censorship of some kind of words like: f***,su**,di**,bit** etc.The gameplay is fun and gorgeousAnd last but not at least the gore,the gore is so fricking awesome!9,45/10"
76561198028367406,Not Recommended,219640,16069461,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,[OTG] Maxhell,I don't recommend this game at the current time.
,Recommended,219640,16269040,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,☠DaddyPays,"Good game. Can be buggy at times like almost every game. It is very violent and realistic, needs to be 18+ :D. It is very fun to be good at it, and I recommend this to everyone :)"
76561198052363878,Recommended,219640,16318198,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Packy Stan,"I havent even bought this game, but it makes me hard."
76561198132689609,Recommended,219640,16333196,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,CUL-GAI,best multiplayer ever made
,Not Recommended,219640,16334993,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sagge,"B*llshit. If you dont have the bes computer to play to play games with high-graphics, I recommend to  not buy this game. It doesn´t have possibility to change the settings. 0/5"
,Recommended,219640,5071612,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,pingveee,Вот это БУГУРТ!
,Recommended,219640,16114293,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,♡WolfSong♡,Great game.
76561198112061970,Not Recommended,219640,16109638,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,topshot582,i cant open game
,Recommended,219640,16111711,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Sex on legs,cs:go but 10x better and medieval.ADDICTIVE
,Not Recommended,219640,15892751,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,caboose,I want my money back. I have 40mbs down and 20mbs up yet no servers with lower than 300 ping. I dont know where the ♥♥♥♥ to get ahold of someone but seriously i want my money back
,Not Recommended,219640,15895029,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Demrok,"♥♥♥♥ this game....Gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥in the last 8 months of not playing.... improvements to interface and look, congrats.Game...♥♥♥♥♥♥..2H sword is MEGA broken... you start a swing over your head looking away from an enemy and you can spin around and still chop through them... ♥♥♥♥ing eh, GG... /uninstall"
76561198052119702,Recommended,219640,15871291,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,BonziBuddy,got banned trying to sneak a speedhack into a tournament 10/10
,Recommended,219640,20946232,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,vladd00,+
,Recommended,219640,27729246,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Brain_Master,You'll take lots of arrows in the knee.
,Recommended,219640,27729413,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Uitkering,good
,Recommended,219640,8160976,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,ArchCorpse,this gaem iz the shitz
76561197993593347,Recommended,219640,13604553,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,tim,Fun if they ever fix the lag on the servers
,Recommended,219640,23679417,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Buzz,s'okay
76561198065169168,Recommended,219640,19295556,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ArcherPrime,"Super fun game. The combat is difficult at times, and Im not sure about why you need to pay money for certain weapons after already paying for the game, but all in all it has a lot of different gametypes, as well as a consistent player base. I would definitely recommend buying it!"
,Recommended,219640,6661003,"Posted: 27 February, 2013",all,BodomChild farmskins.com,Some folk metal + this is a f ucking org4sm.11/10 valhalla awaits for me
,Recommended,219640,30816639,Posted: 29 March,all,mquc,"You want to play For Honor, but you don't want to spend so much money and you don't have the PC for it? Buy this game. Nothing else to say."
76561198146532925,Recommended,219640,30817060,Posted: 29 March,all,Big Smoke,"This is the best medieval game I've ever playedNobody judges you if you are low level, or if you don't have skinsCommunity is nice not like in TF2 or CSGO"
76561198047710570,Recommended,219640,5307311,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Refugee_Life_217,"TERRIBLE game, very graphics demanding and very difficult to play, keep your money and use it for gas not this game!"
,Recommended,219640,4701804,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Crazyiness,is good mane
,Not Recommended,219640,4745987,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Slick of the Stitch,"2013 Positive Review:Blood spilling, arm cutting, adventure. Choose a side and fight alongside with your brothers at arms.10/102015 Negative Review:There was a time when I would recommend this to everyone (even those without computers) but this game is still filled with so many glitches and exploits that it is pathetic.As servers die out and there are fewer around it would seem the opposite is happening for those that exploit the game. Apparently doing an overhead through the game is not an exploit as it is a part of the game.The balance in this game is horrid. Huge example being 3d person players can play against 1st person players... yep. So they have an advantage especially if they set their FOV to the highest settings this way they can see behind themselves, more importantly, they can see you.Many glitches still exist such as the kick attack sometimes refuses to work. People are able to block your attack without even looking at you. This is rare but extremely annoying when sneaking up on an enemy fighting someone else.Quality of servers are deteriorating.5/102015 Edit:They removed first person deaths as well which sucks considering I play first person. Completely takes away all immersion2016 Edit:Review is still negative for the fact that packet loss continues to be a random problem in this game. I can have it randomly for a week then next few weeks are fine! Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game >:("
76561198062829784,Recommended,219640,16375214,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Terminally Chill,got head punched off10/10 would do again
,Recommended,219640,19563305,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Rabbit911,LOVED IT!!it really felt like the medieval times...well that depended by the players though... but i really like the sounds and the scream s in the game.... i only wish my internet is fast enough so i can play again
,Recommended,219640,18494913,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,SAD PANDA,"This is my favorite game. Stimulated, FPS, Compeletly multiplayer midevil combat. Amazing team objective missions, duels, last man standing, FFA. Great user community adding workshop content. Overall, just an amazing time, you will feel like you are in a movie with the level of intensity and action involved with the experience. Just an awesome game."
,Not Recommended,219640,18496127,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,--s..Lich..s--,"Pros:decent game.cutting someone down is always new.fun when vsing equally skilled opponents (rarely the case after lvl 15).Cons:some lacklustre or downright horrible models and decals (like archer clothingand a bald guy).no variety in armour designs and some bad looking helmets (archer helmets primarily).no female character.I rarely hit with the bow, but other players shoot and rarely miss.movement slightly too easily exploited by good playersno pooling blood.Some of the cons above particularly the models/helmets and them not being improved in some way put it into not recommended territory. I can hear the quiet snicker and elbow jabbing to their colleague about how the bad looking armour/archer clothes/bad helmets and bald character will make people want to pay for in-game items. -1"
,Recommended,219640,16810974,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Flynn-Is-not-John,"> Join a game.> Black Knight mod, which means limbs can be removed and can affect how you play.> Kill some dudes.> Get both my arms cut off.> Run around like a ♥♥♥♥boi until an archer ends my misery.> Did I mention people can still survive for 10 or so seconds after they are decapitated?> Minding my own business.> Woopty♥♥♥♥.jpg> All of a sudden, this headless ♥♥♥♥ing pikeman appears out of nowhere and charges right at me.> Well that just happened.> I cut off both his arms and hack him to death.> Shot in the back by another archer.> That little rascal.> Driven by an unquenchable thirst for vengeance, I set out to ambush all the archers.> Success, I send the little feeshes running.> The slayer walks the earth.> I  am a relentless killing machine, nothing can stop->Arrow in the back.> Dead.> You have got to be kidding me.> 11/10 would fully 200% recommend."
,Recommended,219640,16748036,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,usedtobegod,for the watch []==|:::::>
,Recommended,219640,28431345,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Avraham Stern (asian bistro),wish i was good at this game. mac port sucks
,Recommended,219640,3440373,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Smeeth,buy itdo it for the flails
76561197972446122,Recommended,219640,583074,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Burnsie,Bash dem skulls real good
,Recommended,219640,1558529,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Chesterville's Gh👻st,"You finally have a reason to say ""lopping"" again."
,Recommended,219640,900745,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,xoops,This game sucks. Wasted money on my part. Please don't bother with this turd!
,Recommended,219640,26346802,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Yuudha,this is an awesome game! with great graphics andlightly for lower spec computers.
76561197976856778,Recommended,219640,10609749,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,JayKay ★,"You will die horribly and bloody until you get the hang of it, but then it becomes the greatest game ever!!!"
76561198133994878,Recommended,219640,29698558,Posted: 4 February,all,Vlad CSGOCasino.net,it is relly nice
,Recommended,219640,29754633,Posted: 6 February,all,ANZA | Melon Dude,CHARGE BROTHERS!!!
,Recommended,219640,26689181,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,9LivesCat,"good medieval game, graphics are alright mechanics could be a little beter but its a good game"
76561198352932502,Recommended,219640,29061180,Posted: 6 January,all,ThePriceIsHigh,This game is pretty cool if I do say so myself
,Recommended,219640,28407029,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,nini,"A lot of stupid fun, recommended if you have friends to play it with"
76561198282282422,Recommended,219640,28408339,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,finalsphinx1,Everyone should buy rhos!
,Not Recommended,219640,28641755,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TheOldLadyStrikesBack,bad
76561198056440441,Recommended,219640,27741288,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ДEDA,This is good and Deadliest Warrior is also a good add on like a game in a game.
,Recommended,219640,2362752,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Pattonius,"This game has presented me with the greatest simulation of first-person medieval combat that I have ever seen.  Fast, brutal and utterly satisfying.  Gone are the simplistic ""click to attack, repeat"" mechanisms of most medieval FPS games.  If you thought Skyrim had advanced combat mechanics, this game will shatter your mind.  If you enjoyed Mount & Blade's more advanced system of blocks, parries and alternating attacks you will greatly appreciate how Chivalry takes that concept and makes it fluid instead of clunky.Attacks are tied to the left mouse button and the mouse wheel.  The left button will perform a regular attack with whichever weapon you have (typically a slash), whereas the mouse wheel will stab if you roll it up and chop if you roll it down.  Stabbing someone in the face feels more satisfying when a quick flick of your finger on a wheel gives the command.  Tapping Q mid-swing will feint, which can trip up opponents and leave them open for a follow-through.All attacks can be blocked.  The general idea is to aim for the tip of the opponent's weapon and use the right mouse button to time your blocks.  This won't always work if you're out of stamina or if you aim poorly (or attempt to block a giant axe with a dagger), but I've had ridiculous exchanges where my opponent and I danced around parrying eachother's attacks for a solid 30 seconds, getting in little jabs and cuts where possible.  My♥♥♥♥♥is placed solidly on the edge of my chair for the entire duration.One of the best aspects of Chivalry is the sheer staggering level of violence you'll encounter while playing.  You can behead (and be beheaded), dismember and otherwise mutilate your foes.  Blood is gratuitous without feeling overdone.  Screams and cries of agony echo throughout the battlefield and many hilarious taunts and commands you can shout through a context menu add to the flavour.  It is possible to run a man through, spam laughter while watching as he sinks to his knees, and then place a solid kick to his face (optional, but why wouldn't you?) that sends him toppling backwards.  Few games let you interact with your foe even after he has died.  This all works together to create desperate battlefields filled with severed limbs and the screams of the dying.  Sudden death can arrive from all sides (even teammates), and is usually surpising and hilarious enough that even getting killed is a lot of fun.The weapons come in a healthy variety.  Each of the four classes have three primary weapons, which in turn have two unlocks each.  You gain unlocks by killing foes with said weapon over the course of many games, and they remain on your record forever once obtained.  An unlock is not necessarily better than previous weapons, just different.All of these weapons and classes (and their respective strategies) are enjoyed over a number of maps and gameplay modes.  There is no single player to speak of, aside from the tutorial.  Everything is online, and it's great fun.  Deathmatch servers have maps that include such locales as an arena filled with death traps, a town and a battlefield.  Mission modes exist where one team must complete objectives while the others try to hold them off.  This leads to sieges and ridiculous melees as people scramble to push bomb carts to a gate, defend the King, burn down a village or use ballistae to sink boats off the coast.Overall a very satisfying game, and shockingly good for an indie title.  Considering the low price tag and the fact that it seems to be on sale frequently, I highly recommend that anyone pick this up as soon as possible."
76561198006403432,Recommended,219640,26077706,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Hanslettermen,"If you get angry easily, this game isn't for you. Expect to be team killed every few minutes.I'd recommend getting this game while it's on sale, but not at its current $30 price."
,Recommended,219640,7449062,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Dublin Odinson,"This game is addicting, frustrating, fun, annoying, and hilarious all rolled into one blood-splattering battle royal. If you’re just starting out, prepare to die…a lot. Best played with friends… very drunk friends whom you can hear scream at you on skype or something. Trust me; your friends will MAKE this game awesome.  Out of a Scale of 1 – 10, I’d give it a strong 7."
76561198019936986,Recommended,219640,29395505,Posted: 21 January,all,CEVOLORD,"I got killed by one of my teammates.i said well done sir on team chat,he said stfu and voted to kick me,25 people of 30 pressed yes,i got kicked.WELL DONE SIR"
,Recommended,219640,23998091,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jackal,Can make heads explode with a big war axe and laugh at them after 11/10
76561198278651926,Recommended,219640,23997809,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Slothful,it's alrighti give this 4 roman candlesand one lighter
,Recommended,219640,23992903,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,fatboy,Very addicting with challenging combat and great graphics. Also you can make 12 year olds rage in this game pretty easily so ya. 7/10
,Recommended,219640,23999255,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,yx  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Simply amazing. The sword fighting feels really good, and the objectives are fun and never repetative. good mods avaliable and great community"
,Recommended,219640,28276242,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Chicodog2011,Good.
,Recommended,219640,28265458,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Dramecookie,10/10 pvpingone of my favourite games
76561197991962805,Recommended,219640,14171231,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Slick Willeh,Doesn't suck
,Recommended,219640,23421892,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Praefectus Foxicus [PTF],"Where to begin?Graphics: Beautiful. Dismemberments and such look on-point and somewhat realistic. The hitboxes for dismemberments can be a bit weird, for example you'll slash at someone's arm and somehow decapitate them, but other than that it's fine. Now when I say beautiful, I mean that more along the lines in character detail, character animations, etc. What I do not particularly enjoy is the maps. Yeah they're good but some textures tend to be poorly rendered, and I'm working with a pretty damn good machine with my graphic set to High.Gameplay and Actual Fighting: Alright, if you're just now getting into this game, be prepared to die. A lot. There are so MANY people who abuse the hitboxes and literally slap you around behind their back in this game. You have people spinning around like literal ballerinas. If you're coming in for historical accuracy like Mount and Blade's mid-strike parrying, chambering, etc., you will not find it here. In this, it's physics system is near broken with odd and misarranged hitboxes, but it's still fun. Hell, I usually top the scoreboards but I still don't do the whole weird♥♥♥♥♥ballerina BS. But, to give you an example of what I mean. ♥♥♥♥♥.>Sprints towards enemy, sees pink-coated veteran man-at-arms with a ♥♥♥♥ing bull helmet.>Stops, sees what weapon he has, advances and down-slashes.>He side-steps away (it's an ability for the Man-At-Arms called dodging, they can fling themselves and dodge in 3 different directions).>He then rushes me, bends his♥♥♥♥♥over whilst turning fully around. He downstrikes to the ground in front of him which is AWAY from me. But because the hitboxes are♥♥♥♥♥♥poor his mace somehow smacks me and he repeatedly does this until I'm dead. Yes, he even parried anything I threw at him. I kicked at him, he dodges, I swing at him, he parries, all while facing away from me.0/10 IGNBut anyways, yeah, if you're looking for realism don't buy this. Bannerlord is coming out and same with Mordhau and Kingdom Come: Deliverance. I'll link all of those games YouTube videos in the latter part of the review. But anyways, to continue...Community: Wooo....Oh...OH boy where to start with this one. This community is filled with trolls, sweaty neckbeards who shout ""HAH REKT NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERD."" To think with all the complaining I do, you'd think I'd suck pretty bad lold. But anyway, people will REGULARLY have fights per server. If it's not two people fighting, then the whole server joins in. That's before they start randomly kicking people. Hell, this one kid tried to flame me for kicking his♥♥♥♥♥over and over again, I roasted him back and I ended up getting kicked for it. dontteamkillever 0/10 ign. Oh yeah speaking about teamkilling, good luck. Half of my deaths are to teammates who just spam left mouse button.""HAAHHA HEY A BIG CROWD LEMME JUST SWING MY TWO-HANDED SWORD THROUGH IT OOOOOH YEEAAAAAAH.""But yeah, teamkilling should be an OPTION in this game. Too much TKing in this game is definitely prominent. Additionally, there's a mod called Black Knight, where it's based off the Black Knight from Quest for the Holy Grail. If you don't get that, go watch the movie you uncultured swine. Anyways, it's where you can lose every limb and even your head (but you only live for 10 seconds after decapitation) and keep fighting. You'll have those jackass archers who can't aim for♥♥♥♥♥♥and just shoot off your damn arm or head while you're in the middle of killing someone, completely ruining it. That, or they'll do it on purpose and get the rock-sling and throw ♥♥♥♥in' rocks at the back of your head to kill you.So yeah, tl;dr: If you want realism, don't buy. If you want good community, don't buy. If you want a team that doesn't kill each other, don't buy. \I do admit, I took some of this♥♥♥♥♥♥to the extreme, the game is SUPER fun, but also extremely frustrating at times. It offers such a good challenge. Especially when you're crowded. Because you can block multiple attacks here at once. This is where attacking one at a time in the movies actually works. 3v1ing is glorious and feels ultra satisfying when you beat the three ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Anyways, I digress. If you want an arcadey-type first/third person medieval game, go ahead and buy it. It's worth it trust me. It's ultra fun. But if you're looking for realism in a sense where people go out onto a battlefield and group battles actually organized and are lead properly, go get something like Mount and Blade.The Other Games: (This is the end of the Chivalry Review, but I'll be talking about the three other games here)Mordhau:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-B4AwgArwAMordhau is basically a chivalry remake with so much better graphics and fighting mechanics. No more weird♥♥♥♥♥hitboxes, but so much more in-depth skill usage. Check out the video for more.Kingdom Come: Deliverance:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOkd-Lmmcb4A game of Mount and Blade done by a company that actually cares.Mount and Blade: Bannerlord:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoFxftYYe1kGood luck on this one. Hopefully it's good."
,Recommended,219640,16624074,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Arthalor | CSGO500,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare is probably the best current Medieval Online Warfare game you'll find out there...The graphics and gameplay are very good. I don't like 2 things, though...There is no minimap, and there is no Voice Chat. The DLC ( Deadliest Warrior ) is better than the original game, in my opinion. Buy it if you want a lot of hours, wasted on a fun pc game :D Totally worth it!"
76561198007974758,Recommended,219640,16770689,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Time,"I 'cautiously' recommend this game to everyone. I've separated my review into subsections for convenience.Audio/Graphics: The audio in this game is absolutely great. From the terrifying screams of de-limbed soldiers to the fierce battle cries of charging knights the sounds in Chivalry really help to set up an atmosphere which makes you feel like a soldier fighting alongside others in the Medieval Era. The graphics are great at maximum settings (which most machines can likely handle) though if you start turning things off like anti aliasing and texture fidelity the quality drops quickly.Combat: The combat in Chivalry is where the game really shines. Players duel and attack waves of enemies in real time. The system facilitates a painfully realistic blocking mechanistic where the player has to aim their crosshair where the enemy is striking to block successfully (if you point to the right and block and the enemy swipes at you from your left you'll be hit regardless of block timing). Also, different weapon types do different amounts of damage to different classes. A mace will be much more effective against a knight in platemail versus a shortsword. Similarly a man at arms in leather armor can easily be stabbed through with a longsword whereas a mace wont yield as much of a damage bonus. Overall, the system is amazing for 1v1 battles that do take place among the larger frays of heated battle.Community Interactions/Battle Logistics: Unless you are willing to go into a Free for All match (you are a better person than I am if you are) this is probably Chivalry's mightiest flaw. Though you will commonly find players role playing and really getting into the whole Medieval mindset, working with strangers in this game is largely impossible. In Team Objective (one team attacks a town or fortress and achieves objectives, advancing the map, while the other defends against a clock) players will certainly attempt to do objectives but many simply want to kill people. This is rather understandable as the combat is so much fun but it makes objective based maps a lot more frustrating. Similarly, in team battles (whether in deathmatch or objective servers) players own need to slay foes is probably the largest obstacle to yourself forcing me to commonly say 'The most dangerous foe in this game is your teammates'. Team damage is enabled on most servers which in theory makes the game more 'realistic' however the drawback is astounding. Much of the time you'll find yourself charging in a wave toward enemies. Upon reaching enemies your team will almost certainly begin swinging their 5 ft long weapons at random in the hopes of killing enemies; and they end up indefinitely killing you. This could be solved by people using lunge attacks rather than swipes, or the elimination of team damage (but certainly maintaining the mechanic which cause your weapon to bounce off people to prevent a literal 'wall of swords') but I doubt either of these scenarios are likely to occur.In summary, you should play this game and enjoy it, but be careful about your teammates, they WILL be the most frustrating enemy you ever fought."
76561198005754718,Not Recommended,219640,18123785,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Azularia,It can be fun but I'm more of a bot player and the bots on this game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198124429347,Not Recommended,219640,20855648,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,xX_Kip_Xx hellcase.com,I just going to stick with Mount & Blade.
,Recommended,219640,24319619,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,"DaJuan ""Entropy"" McDaniel",When you feel like playing warband but with less combat depth but higher fov
76561197986981646,Recommended,219640,23838515,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Leprechaun,Haven't played the game very much but i like it
76561198282283672,Not Recommended,219640,23297897,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,>Lilhawk51,10/10 Would Toxic Community Again
76561198090977323,Recommended,219640,23957665,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,brandon.last99,"before buying chivalry i had seen a lot of reviews about cheats and how the game is corrupt and you cant get a single swing in. i decided to buy this game anyway because why the hell not?-Spawns into game- Goes for a swing to hit the enemy- team mate walks in front and i chop his head off10/10, would behead again..."
,Recommended,219640,24836187,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,spaezitzle,">starts game>players load in>dude spins at max mouse sensetivity>match starts>whole team starts sprinting besides 2 dudes that start tking eachother while laughing>dude screams ""AGAAAAAAAAATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"">dude gets an arrow straight through the throat>I scream ""AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH"">the whole team screams>my team and the enemy team collide in a charge>5 dudes die in 1 second>a man at arms in all pink laughs while throwing oil pots>i kill 2 teamates because of spamming lmb>a dude chats ""what the ♥♥♥♥ kick this stupid n**ger"">i get vote kicked with 90% of the team accepting the vote>alt f4"
76561198093843067,Recommended,219640,28890951,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mrkueling,Absolutely great game!! Very cool community and the gameplay is great.
,Recommended,219640,28189373,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,CoinJocky,It's bloody fantastic
76561198072215021,Not Recommended,219640,25780754,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Paolonius99,dio cane
,Not Recommended,219640,27700145,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Solchain,"Summary: Pass, unless you want to end up featured in one of those ""gamers rage"" YouTube compilation videos.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is the single most frustrating game that I have ever played.The premise and execution looked intriguing enough initially; however, once I dove into the game itself I found that this game really punishes you for dying. Not only are you brutally mangled by other players, but the camera forces you to watch your body ragdoll for quite a while before it allows you to look away to ""ghost"" after other players, while simultaneously showing you just how many times that other player has killed you.It feels like everything about the death system is about rubbing your nose in it. Unless you're on a kill streak and you're just on fire (proverbially), it's a really unpleasant and enfuriating experience. The Free-For-All gameplay mode is a joke. A surprisingly large number of players rage about ""honor"" and fighting one-on-one in some of the team-based play modes, but once it becomes a free-for-all, ""honor"" goes out the window and everyone is running around looking for opportunities to stab- or shoot- someone else in the back.If I did well in the game, it felt dull, like there was no challenge. If I did poorly, it was infuriating and I felt challenged to continue to play until I was able to do better. Whether I did poorly or well, every time I stopped playing the game, I considered just uninstalling it.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is one of the prettiest and most promising failures I've played in some time, but ultimately it is - in my opinion - a complete and utter failure. I never once had a moment in this game where I thought ""wow, that was really fun."" When I won, I was bored, and when I lost, I was infuriated. I've never experienced that before in a game, and it was a such a bad experience that I'm never going back."
76561198127957244,Not Recommended,219640,26077127,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The Lorax,"This game is fun at times, but mostly just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Once you acquire some skill in the game it will be easier to take on the higher rank opponents but the devs have to do something about team kills. You could be playing and having a really good time and then all of the sudden you will get team killed by a reckless teammate. It really ruins the flow and fun of the game. Especially when you get clustered up with 6 teammates and they all just start swinging at the same one enemy and end up killing eachother. Sure the devs can blame it on the actual players, but some players just don't care. I would have recommended this game, it's just only frustrating and fun at certain times."
,Recommended,219640,25734722,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Shaz Insky,"Despite the bugs ans the poor optimization, dis game is for me the best multiplayer hack and slash. Needs pratice to learn to dance as a master but it is so pleasurable to get better and progressively slash more and more opponents without being touched.Several classes, mods, weapons. Some are great, others less. No pay to win, you can just buy skins for your characters or weapons. Enjoyable characters' personalization, but could be more complete.Good community, sometimes a ffa server can just go completely friendly and full of laughs and jeers. Lots of high levels regular players.CHIVALRY'S NOT DEAD"
,Recommended,219640,25915903,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SpiffyGoat,"Sweet and simple, its an AMAZING game. I played this game for seven hours straight wthout getting bored. I highly reccomend it to anyone."
76561198059978199,Recommended,219640,24439537,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,AlTeR,"Genuinly a great game,  its very fun to play with friends and has brilliant mechanics10/10 would get decapitated again"
76561198088283721,Not Recommended,219640,25273903,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MoronicBadge,Don't buy this is you plan to play it on Mac. It lags horribly and is basically unplayable
76561198058448727,Not Recommended,219640,24408655,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Grymm,"Ballerina simulator 2016First fifteen levels are a lot of fun. You are matched with people that are of equal skill level. Good time. After that you lose access to the beginner servers... So basically you are put against these ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that decided to spend 1000+ hours spinning around like ♥♥♥♥ing ballerinas in a mother♥♥♥♥ing game about ♥♥♥♥ing slicing people up with god damn broadswords. Seriously what the ♥♥♥♥.It is still fun to play with friends though, if you have 20 of them that all play this cancerous game."
,Recommended,219640,20754505,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,mehlonqt,<==|:|Medieval Spinning Warfare==>
76561198117457307,Not Recommended,219640,18633317,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,PaladinGear15,"This used to be one of my favourite games on steam, but because of the lacklustre design, most players above novice level exploit several glitches that are literally impossible to avoid (such as the glitch where you turn around, crouch (which in this  case never results in damage because invincibility frames are all over the place) , and attack three times at once in less than two seconds)After getting told I was a ""♥♥♥♥ing loseR Tard!?!"" a million times when politely asking them to stop the exploits, I gave up playing this game.Before all the exploiters this was an amazing game, now this is barely playable... Thanks♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,30250881,Posted: 28 February,all,Norum,"Started playing this, then I tried the For Honor beta.."
,Recommended,219640,18028752,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Torbjörn,This is probably the best game I've bought in a while. It's really fun. It's not hard to master either. I would recommend it to all kinds of gamers.
76561198126711149,Recommended,219640,18027626,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Turtle,Fun game
,Recommended,219640,18035284,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,DerpADerp,"Nice game, if u have the no server problem and cant find a fix, have u restarted your pc?"
,Recommended,219640,25278916,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,dinorice,"""Let's play catch- oh♥♥♥♥♥♥your arm came off."""
76561197972572020,Not Recommended,219640,24348109,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Minimaggot,"CancerAvoid at all costsTerrible physics, worst community ever, glitch exploits, salty as f##k players.OrIf you love being an A-hole to other people, please buy this and play only this, so normal people won't have to put up with you."
76561198065131446,Not Recommended,219640,32072668,Posted: 30 May,all,Zoli,"It was okay for a while, but this slow gameplay is driving me crazy! Not to mention, the slow♥♥♥♥♥attack!If i want something medieval, i might watch a movie!Don't buy this game!Don't even have it for free!"
76561198141346449,Recommended,219640,14527452,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Heavyweight,"This game is seriously seriously fun. It's actually quite hard and very rewarding if you manage to kill someone.There are 4 classes that are all different enough to make it interesting and a good range of weapons.The levelling system is a bit redundant (so I've found so far) and is only really there to show, well how experienced you are.Game modes are also very varied and there are always good servers available.Pros:- Good graphics- Funny voice acting- Good variety of game modes- Good battle and fight dynamics, easy to play hard to master.- Each battle is different and i've never had a boring fight.Cons:- Sometimes lag or whatever can make it a bit hard to play- Team kills are a certainty, but i'm not sure if its the games fault- Lacks some depth. Feels like they could make the levelling system  matter moreI regret that I only found out about this game now"
,Recommended,219640,8586791,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,hang me w/ a nerd rope,I like to chop people into little bits
76561198331717756,Recommended,219640,32117860,Posted: 1 June,all,Greedy Plumber Wario,"iS gOoD mElEe FiGhTiNg GaMe, OnLy PrObLeM~o WiTh GaMe Is ThE aRcHeRs."
76561198154984552,Not Recommended,219640,17369091,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Eidos,"Price : 2,29€, game with DLC.I don't mind playing games in english, sometimes I even choose english if the original voice acting and descriptions are more polished. But ""spanglish"" it isn't spanish.Also, the tutorial is buggy as hell, unplayable, and this is important because the game is suposed to be average-hard to play, or that is what I heard. The DLC is like a beta unpolished with bugs.The multiplayer seems to be fun, I have to play it more but for the moment, this isn't appealing. I will update when I have a deep experience of the game. I'm starting to have fun with multiplayer, but the full price is way to high, specially the dlc ""Deadliest warrior"" for the current state. At least the game has a good number of players.You may think 2.29 is not a price to complain of (""tiny"") problems, but this review is for people thinking in buying the game at full price. For 1´90€ or 2´29, I would say grab it, but not sure if Mount and blade Warband offer a better and more complex experience than this tittle."
76561198148596196,Recommended,219640,24802319,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Xtm28,I cant play it when ever I try to launch it it just says preparing to launch and never launches can I get some help
,Not Recommended,219640,16690025,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sex_Johnson,"Fantastic game, horrible community. There is a steep skilly building curve in this game, which is awesome because it definitely means that there is more than gear separating the good from the bad. I, being a noob, completed training and went to play on a noob server, so I could, ya know, figure things out. What I got was a heaping pile of hate for being a bad player, attacked by my own teammates (on puprpose) and afforded no opportunity to figure anything out. I've tried different modes and a couple different servers but there aren't very many noob options and I've found a similar hate experience 85 percent of the time. I'd love to play this game, because it's a exciting and could be amazing, but IDK if it's worth dealing with the kind of people who are internet ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s for recreation."
,Recommended,219640,10671314,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Frojo,"This game is absolutely amazing, hand to hand warfare in a first person perspective is something i quite like, and quite rare to see, too. There's a nice variety of weapons, and the DLC ""Deadliest Warrior"" adds even more classes with each unique weapons, and those classes are fairly balanced too, suprisingly! Buy it! You know you want to ;)"
76561198010039410,Recommended,219640,2613069,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,=irish=,good  game 7/10
,Recommended,219640,30210296,Posted: 26 February,all,HUEHUEHUE,the best medivial game
76561198134616440,Recommended,219640,30192339,Posted: 26 February,all,Eternal Anglo,After killing your oppenent always decapitate that is a the code of chivalry.
,Recommended,219640,16114417,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,DeReK Uchiha,its a great game its worth
,Recommended,219640,22797399,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,H.E. Pennypacker,"FOR MALRIIIIIC, HYYYYAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,10762592,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,A Vision of Sound,Imagine COD but with swords and decapitation.
76561198112295049,Recommended,219640,22800162,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,sloth meister,If you are intrested in the medivel times at al you are gona love this game. you get to decapitate people so it got to be a grate game right.
,Recommended,219640,22815180,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Galuh.AK,Hahaha .
,Recommended,219640,28361309,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,IronHammock,"Fun and goofy, make sure you join servers where people aren't taking the game too serious. It won't be that hard to find one."
76561198010167947,Not Recommended,219640,13528205,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,FireMessiah,"Barely 30 seconds into it, I was bombarded with so much hate speech from the other gamers that I gritted my teeth. It ruined the experience and I haven't had the urge to play it since."
76561198000418088,Recommended,219640,12890857,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Szputnyik,Really nice game
76561198124803290,Recommended,219640,15195639,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TopHatVader,A great medieval fighting game. one of the best that I have played.
,Recommended,219640,15186713,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,cravengiant,A very fun game and I would definetly recomend it. Could do with a bit of optimisation here and there. But overall very good.
,Recommended,219640,15196591,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Sloppy Seconds,FUN! So much Fun! what a bloody mess.
76561198080896572,Recommended,219640,23429921,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,pazkor,"I really love this gameFinally a decent middleages multiplayer gameNeat weapons and xool game mode outstanding death physicsHopefully a new update will release to fix minor bugs and glitchesI would add  A more visible  ingame indications for killong someone ,exploded killing spree titles and names above the players"
76561198040349286,Recommended,219640,25524362,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,D3V1LB0Y,Better then call of duty.
,Recommended,219640,28456799,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,gget a new jazzman.,yes
,Recommended,219640,28456254,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dennis Nedry,"Brilliant game. Mind blowing puzzles. I laughed, I cried, I felt every emotion a game should make you feel- 7.8/10 too much water."
,Recommended,219640,11877488,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Matthew,10/10 Scream button.
76561198108694581,Recommended,219640,15958022,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,AN3L B3@DS,FREAKIN AMAZEBALLS
,Recommended,219640,15986028,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Vidvorun,This game is like a mild dose of crack. Just cheaper.
76561198008444056,Recommended,219640,16040273,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,D-Mosk,"I absolutely love this game. Everything from the hardcore gore, to how difficult it is to master combat. I believe this is the best Medieval combat game in existence, and it is certainly one of my favorite games of all time. I would highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a challenge, and all enthusiasts of hacking limbs away from torso."
,Recommended,219640,16043117,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,HymenDestroyer69,Your malformed skull is unfit for my♥♥♥♥♥♥pot!
,Recommended,219640,16043896,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,epichp,like COD with swords 10/10
,Recommended,219640,16044377,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,KADESH,Awesome game i love it to death
,Recommended,219640,16047981,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Milky,"This is the game where I'm called cancerous stabbing ♥♥♥♥♥, tumor, pesky filthy archer, hacker, wannabe, aimboter, wallhacker, noob, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, b!tch, scrub, cheapy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. ""We hate you!"" ""votekick him already"" ""another rank 50♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; ""how?!"" ""stop spamming stabs u ♥♥♥♥♥!"" ""turn off aimbot"" ""vote yes pls"" .... yet I am just an ordinary guy who paid around 4€ in discount for this thing.. I enjoy it and I can't help myself, I like playing archer because kills provided by this class satisfies me very much.. frankly, it warms me around my heart when I hear that sound of explosion right after the bodkin arrow shooted from my warbow, penetrates the head of my enemies. I would like to describe this feeling by some picture, for example ->http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/591/928/94f.pngpretty much suits it. Also I love heavy crossbow, because this little slow loading friend is able to headshot those fatty tanks.. I mean.. knights. Oh and I almost forgot buggy sabre, I love to abuse its tip. Very confusing and annoying weapon. Yeah.. I must be very annoying and that leads me to the rating.. despite this.. 420omgzomgrektyoloswagcancertumorm9 community I managed to cross 1K hours cap, by all logic it means I enjoyed it pretty much.. of course there are moments like ghosting, devs removing flinching.. many bugs .. many kids.. etc.. however I spent quite a time here ..having a lot of fun..thus .. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,16060768,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,King Eel Bee,Wield a blade and decapitate everything in sight.
76561198091479206,Recommended,219640,16063719,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,fadial_ghamdy,the game is fine but you need to play with pepol you know
76561198033264054,Not Recommended,219640,32288095,Posted: 9 June,all,Gluteus Maximus,Game ruined when you get to level 15 and get matched with people abusing the game.A lot of fun until then though.
76561198109784865,Recommended,219640,8303441,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ronilius,absoloutely an amazing game. it is a very fun an dunique experience. its essentially oblivion meets call of duty. not to mention its an incredible bargain!
76561198202042702,Recommended,219640,26039270,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Archigeer de Jævla Drittsekk,This is like Call of Duty if it was actually still fun and in the Medieval times.
76561198082724116,Recommended,219640,13166731,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kommandant Duncan,"Good game you just need a decent computer to run it with out getting a 2 FPS and that is with the graphics turned down it could be more open world but then that isn't what this game is about, so I recomend this game just have a good computer and the chocking sound when some one get decapitated... I LOVE IT"
,Recommended,219640,3673555,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,FISH KILL,"Okay here's a more serious review on Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. So after hours of play and unlocking weapons and getting past the learning curve. This game is simply amazing. It's so fun and addicting. The community is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, but what can you expect it is an online only game. Torn Banner continues to update the game with new things and bug fixes (they added new maps, weps, and fixed some bugs and other things in the update today). You really gotta learn how to block and then pull off attacks. Flanking is the best thing to do when the enemies are spamming archers. There's four classes in Chivalry. Archer who has the long range bows, crossbows, and even javelins and other throwables if you need to get up close and personal, Man at Arms is a fast brutal enemy up close due to the fact he can attack insanely fast and get away fast, Vanguard is like the knight (which we will get to last) and the man ar arms. I guess you can say he has ""the best of both worlds"". He has 2 handed weapons and moves slow, but faster than the knight. His weapons due some serious damage. The Knight. I never really play as the night because I like to move fast, but this guy can take some deadly blows and deliver them hisself. He's a slow moving guy. Really this game is insanely balanced. I highly recommend this game."
76561198032070879,Recommended,219640,14735037,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,[MwM]Lord of the Fjords,"One of the greatest games of all time! So much fun, especially with friends. Now one of my favourite games, and I have Half-Life 2. This game is so underated and unheard of. Definately recommend! 10/10 This is an absloute steal at the moment! (Chrstmas 2015)"
76561197967220570,Recommended,219640,7781636,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,【神わざの】,Epic
76561198095324986,Recommended,219640,29195442,Posted: 11 January,all,Orange,fantastic game i would like to see more in the future!!!!
,Recommended,219640,6281365,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineI love the Medieval style in Chivalry, from a mod Torn Banner Studios made a good game that travels you back to the historic times. And although I don't agree to DLC, Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior which is mostly based (as far as I know) on the TV series adds some new classes like Samurai, Knight, Pirates and more!Arrrrggghhh!RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
,Recommended,219640,14614127,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Origin Saint,"Think Call of Duty....with no guns....and no perks....and it's fun.....and you have swords and stuff.  Seriously though, this is the best get-yourself-decapitated simulator I have ever played.  There is a fairly steep learning curve to playing this game successfully, given the complex way they handled the different sword handling actions, but once you get it down pat, it can be very fun.  I find it hard to rage at this game, mostly because I'm too busy laughing at the guy that just killed me getting his head chopped off.  This game has very fluid mechanics and controls.  The controller controls are a little stiff, keyboard and mouse and better for this game for sure.  There are a satisfying variety of different game modes and a fairly decent amount of servers that are actually being used.I give this game a 8.5/10 overall for it's nice graphics, great mechanics, and general enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,219640,14718920,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Elcor Spectre,Game is plagued with constant crashes and even unplayable to some (including myself) with no real fix in sight. Don't waste your money on a game you aren't 100% sure you will actually get to play.
76561198022650165,Recommended,219640,14291595,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Funkatron,game is really cool and funny/exciting. Please add matachmaking team last man standing
76561198045963180,Not Recommended,219640,14714888,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,kellermd82,Awful game  terrible key bindings and controls.   Which makes it no fun what so ever
76561198066485012,Not Recommended,219640,14711792,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Gregnic1997,"OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG WHAAAAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THAT HIT BOX I WANT MY MONEY BACK ¨Dear friends avoid this game.The entire game is wonderful. Excepts one thing , the hit box, i have never seen a default that would destroy the game experience like that."
,Recommended,219640,24508606,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ℬՏ- Abraxas,gud game nothing to complain
76561198070689769,Not Recommended,219640,32697979,Posted: 23 June,all,Horatio Velvetine,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,26518585,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kissa Ninja,pros:-voit leikata ruumin osia irti-äänet-taistelu mekaniikkacons:-sinulla ei ole mahdollisuuksia voittaa niitä saakelin balleriina kokeineita pelaajia
76561198255149084,Recommended,219640,18755654,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,WEAK LION,amazing
,Not Recommended,219640,23524375,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Bayj0nes,gets old fast
,Recommended,219640,13131570,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Jodeth,Really fun if you don't take it seriously.
,Recommended,219640,11825294,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Krazy_Fool,Pros:-You can have 360noscope punching battles-You can kill the filthy peasantsCons:-You're gonna get quickstabbed by an archer anyway20/17 -More peasants please
76561198081948595,Recommended,219640,32821687,Posted: 26 June,all,Ritalin,good made. they should of made chivalry instead of that game beginning with the letter m
76561198212700828,Recommended,219640,32870671,Posted: 27 June,all,GoÐLiƒe,"Excelent game, but the servers suck"
76561198102659191,Recommended,219640,22188026,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,FreeTheSlaves,Fun game. Can grind and play forever :). 8/10 due to no lifes
76561198349833952,Recommended,219640,29941304,Posted: 15 February,all,Clarence,10/10best lee rigby simulator of the decadevote ^
,Recommended,219640,16376196,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,fantasea,"bought for X dollar, the next day reduced to half X dollars. thanks Valve"
,Not Recommended,219640,16375851,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Questra,no
,Recommended,219640,33282838,Posted: 5 July,all,Vorobushek,Намана
76561198050692506,Recommended,219640,26846115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lol,Deus Veult
,Recommended,219640,12434976,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Dipitinyourtea,"Great game, I find its the perfect sort of game to spend two or more hours on getting more and more frustrated at your self for not being a better gamer. 8/10"
76561197980390077,Recommended,219640,10142257,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Death,"All the fun of hacking up unhygenic Europeans without the smell and bloody mess to clean up afterwards.I recommend this game if you enjoy killing people up close and personal, and are turned on by blood, dismemberment and gore.C'mon you closeted sadists... what are you waiting for? Jump in and slice your opponents to giblets today!"
,Recommended,219640,10144955,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Rick,cool game >.<
76561198087571241,Recommended,219640,10149914,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,For The watch,"I'ts quirky, laggy and sometimes crashes.. But this game without a doubt will have you chuckeling at the antics of the players and it's overall game play. I have never been as amused with a game as I have been with this one. Completely addicting despite it's drawbacks. Be prepared to die..A lot."
,Recommended,219640,10149542,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,lasticfury,The game is fun! love the classes and the atmosphere. Could use better war music and smoother battle mechanics though.
76561198047497802,Recommended,219640,10135519,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Conrad,FUN FUN FUN! If you like the medieval age and going around with a claymore chopping heads this is the game for you!
76561198065272167,Recommended,219640,10141162,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Gumball,this game is awesome and fun to play with friends.
76561198130031091,Recommended,219640,10148990,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Jawbuster63218,Very cool game but it is a little hard and that is great
,Not Recommended,219640,10098768,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Onionike,I wouldn't pay that price again. This game was fun the first three or so rounds but after that it fell flat. Not to mention the mechanics are non-intuitive.
,Recommended,219640,10122920,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,pespy warlock,"I would most definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys PvP, MMOs, and, yes, Medieval Warfare."
,Recommended,219640,10134944,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Galactic Funk,This is the most fun game that has ever been made.
,Recommended,219640,10136027,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,♥Nightcore♥,"long comments.. long disappointment.. just shut up and enjoy the game, its the only game i know which has special mechanics like this.. its like actual medieval times, you cant just take a billion hits and live like COD.. so shut up complainers.. and yes im complaining about complainers.. anyhow you SHOULD buy the game.. its worth it if you like medieval stuff and awesome mechanics. its♥♥♥♥♥♥if you're an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who doesnt appreciate.. game art"
76561198071109846,Recommended,219640,10136122,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Star_Scream,"+ medieval combat+ Brutal, brutal combat+ Murder peasants+ Brutal combat10/10"
76561198125538023,Recommended,219640,10136635,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Robbie Rotten,Awesome game
76561198093362710,Recommended,219640,10148551,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Avo,Shot a guy in the face 3 times. Didnt die. Chopped his arms off. Didnt die.11/10 Would totally try to kill this dude again.
,Recommended,219640,10149899,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,The NumberJack,"Do you like Monty Python and the Search for the Holy Grail? Do you like medieval knights? Do you like blood and gore? Are you a sadist? ""Tis but a flesh wound"" will have a whole new meaning to you after this game! This is a game where limbs are lost, heads are rolled, and blood is abundant. I love this game!"
76561198057704275,Recommended,219640,10149975,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Rocket™,Awesome game!
76561198071254149,Not Recommended,219640,13051943,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Just Carl,"The game is OK, but if you're lossing prepare your♥♥♥♥♥♥ The spawn zones are perfect for spawn killing/camping. It's an alright game don't get me wrong, but since it's ALL multiplayer there's almost no reason to care about this game. I got it on sale, so meh, no biggie. I'll contune trying to play to see if it becomes any better, but so far its under par from what I'd expect from a medieval game."
,Not Recommended,219640,33678264,Posted: 20 July,all,LeqendMG,Mechanics suck.
,Recommended,219640,30571315,Posted: 17 March,all,Meme Man,i like it i guess it was worth my $1.60 on winter sale but i dont think its worth 22 dollars its quite a simple game and theres alot of people tornadoing their swords which is annoying
,Recommended,219640,27476264,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Carlisle Conway,Almost as violent as the Trump protesters.
,Recommended,219640,33638789,Posted: 18 July,all,[KoC] Jaisus the Ultimate,"I absolutely love Killing Floor 2, Counterstrike Global, Team Fortress 2 etc... but Chivalry: Medieval Warfare takes the crown, absolutely love this game <3 NEED TO MAKE CHIVALRY: MEDIEVAL WARFARE 2 !!! AAARRRRGRGGGHHHHH !!!"
,Recommended,219640,16227342,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,General Runtime,"If you like killing people you will love this game.High level play gets silly with the physics-defying ballet, but the graphics, sound, action and humour are always fun."
,Recommended,219640,26232945,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Горри_Shprotter,10 орущих т имейтов из 10
76561197989461797,Recommended,219640,14767593,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,MonkOFam,"10/10, would get my arms chopped off again"
,Not Recommended,219640,14896236,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,VeryUpsetBanana,"Used to be fun. I dont know what they did to it, but i havent touched this game in a year and i come back expecting the same entertaining experience but no. Buy if you feel like slamming your head into your keyboard."
76561198130035499,Recommended,219640,30318156,Posted: 4 March,all,Cobra Commander,This game is great! I havent been playing for that long but from what i've seen in this game its awesome and unique to the other fighting games. It takes a new approach to medieval content.
,Recommended,219640,8721047,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,That's How They Getchya,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▐░░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ U HAVE BEEN REVIEWED BY THE▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄SPOOKY SKILENTON░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▐▌GAM IS 2 SPOOKY
76561198108334080,Recommended,219640,16334483,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Оня с розите,"Guys this is very good game!I played it for 2 hours and i really enjoyed the game and i don't think i wasted my time.Very good medieval game with many gamemodes,which are very exciting.The melee is the primary fight style, it's not like games like cs go or tf2 where you only fight with guns.I think we need more games like chivalry medieval warfare"
,Recommended,219640,18541596,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,BrookenG,"So far its fun. I ididnt really expect to buy it but after playing on some self created servers with bots, I think getting it on sale is well worth the 5 bucks. I dont like online gaming aganst other eople coz after years of doing it I can never get past the feeling that too many are cheaters or exploiters. SO having the bot function is nice. I will look at the map making feature too as this would def be a plus for me. I didnt care for the expansion pack Deadliest Warrior so far brcause it seems soley multiplayer and does not have the ability to create your own server. I aldo found it kind of lame that when I kiiled an opponent with a pike or a spear they became completely dismembered. I dont think a pike or spear will remove both your legs , both ur arms and ur head to boot. but was still midly entertaining and for 2 bucks I cant complain. All in all I would say buy it on sale. I did notice the AI is pretty poor at getting around and it seem it could def use some work on the pathfinding. Not sure if its mesh based AI pathfinding such as BF2 or BF2142 but maybe if I can create some maps I will find out."
,Recommended,219640,14558148,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Caile Ferate Romane™,"Kill people with a variety of weapons, ranging from short swords to firebombs. Add that with jokes that a 12-year old would make and you've got yourself a really fun game with in-depth mechanics.DEATH TO THE ORDER 8.5/10"
76561198049032062,Recommended,219640,26312068,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,StaticLemonade,Decapitated someone with a pickaxe 10/12
,Not Recommended,219640,1559448,"Posted: 18 February, 2013",all,Cago™².,"Boring, slow, unbalanced, bugged... Those are a few adjetives to describe this game. Dont buy it. I recommend Age of Chivalry instead of this attemp of game"
76561198030543787,Recommended,219640,10729872,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BrunoBdckPL_2000,"Awesome game, definetaly worth the money. 8,5/10 for me. The graphics are AMAZING and the gameplay is even BETTER. The games physics are good as well and you can customize your characters and do plenty of other things, pretty cool game actually. Really addictive. It's a shame you don't have singleplayer campaing or co-op just basic training and multiplayer, however, the multiplayer is really good.Note: This game is very cool as it is based on the players reaction and technique, so it's not just some stupid shooting game that gets boring after a while. The game is pretty difficult and it took me queit a while to get used to it, however, by Rank 5-6 and by completing the tutorial I managed to get used to it. Brilliant game for me."
76561198103479304,Not Recommended,219640,33559202,Posted: 15 July,all,[+ENS+ Arrow8D],dont buy this game the community is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and trolls and you get kicked for being the best on a team or if people jsut want to hog servers and no one youses the vote to kick system farly like kicking players who keep killing team mates and mainly youse it for trolling.
76561197981014232,Recommended,219640,18514850,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,DavyRocket,Totally awesome!
76561198049848206,Recommended,219640,22431905,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Captain Joestar,pls nerf 2 handed sword k thx
,Recommended,219640,22445414,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,EvergreenKings.com,"So, I wasn't expecting a whole lot from this game for some reason. Then it was gifted to me. I LOVE IT. Its CALL OF DUTY meets SKYRIM with a little Soldier of Fortune. Sure it has its bugs but damn is it fun to warcry while charging your enemies and hacking off limbs. And for whatever reason, I freaking LOL so hard I cried once whenever somebody gets burned alive. It's hilarious. You will laugh. Sick, disgusting kind of laughter. But oh so good."
,Not Recommended,219640,17888754,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,lemnare,"I'm super glad I only paid 5 dollars for this game - froze consantly, incredibly clunky movement and game play no matter how I tweaked the settings. Do not recommend for people who don't like being frustrated."
,Not Recommended,219640,17888045,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,james is retarded,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU LIKE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T ANIMATIONS, DESYNC, AND ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ DODGE MECHANICS AKA WHEN YOU DODGE OUT OF A STRIKE AND STILL GET HIT"
,Not Recommended,219640,19019316,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Dankness,"This game is garbage, people cut right through my guards, my attacks can't even connect to others, the community is a bunch of catty ässholes. I demand a refund.Seriously don't buy it. No one but ♥♥♥♥♥♥s play this game"
,Recommended,219640,27849135,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KingGhidorah,"Can say ""thank you"" after killing people. Can behead multiple people at once. 10/10"
76561198060977283,Recommended,219640,31457734,Posted: 30 April,all,Noother,"Take back the holy land from the archer scummake hanzo mains quiver in their quiversdrive halberds through their weakling bodiesevery archer in the world will lay on the floorbroken, just like their bows"
,Recommended,219640,27027315,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Okora66,"A true gem with great combat(Aside from the spinning ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, its a good trick but overused)"
,Recommended,219640,27028256,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,n_ms,"Best part is when people are just gargling their own blood. That and the people who spam voicelines like ""HELP!"" or just maniacally laugh while fighting people with their fist."
,Recommended,219640,27030618,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SudoChump,"Accurate representation of medieval combat, down to the underage participants. Also the dismemberment is a good time."
,Recommended,219640,27035778,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[Aks][KI] Jeongyeon,"Love it; combat, love it."
,Recommended,219640,27040775,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BigBoyAppetite,This Game is so fun. I really love just hopping in and crushing skulls with my friends. For AGATHA
76561198155678878,Not Recommended,219640,14152747,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,TrulyHavoc,worst **** ever
,Not Recommended,219640,14148878,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,3kh0,"Controls are very messy, and physical moving of your character gives you a feeling that you control a cube/block and not a character. Couldn't feel the game because of bad moving behaviour. Don't get me wrong, I am an older player, (commodore and pc186 world), and I am used to such old ""physics"", the problem happens when moving starts to interfere with your playing and restricts you, making you unable to perform some simple tasks or ideas in fight. My low hours of play is because I couldn't take it more then that. If they fix the physics and give some feeling to the moving I would be glad to install game again and play it, but untill that happens I do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,14152478,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dr. Frank N Furter,"This game is not everyone's cup of tea.  If you like fast paced medieval combat, I suggest you keep looking.  In my opinion, this game isn't worth the money or the frustration."
76561198071098066,Not Recommended,219640,16557857,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[SC.BO] Mitch,"On MAC OS XPros:- seems fun on paper- i killed an enemey, then stabbed him, then cut his arms and legs offCons:- Lot's of bugs- The game will crash or stall every othe time- Slow as hell in on a high end computer- Very small community, few servers with people- In game purchase of customizations..."
,Recommended,219640,10122532,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,VNCHY,Very fun a Addicting game ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198085100590,Recommended,219640,10122878,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,logan.wilbur,this game is exellent if you want a slasher but without the complex story then this is the game for you i give it a 8/10
76561198090151356,Recommended,219640,10135817,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Baldie,"This game is the most detailed mediaval warfare ever done.You don't play as some sort of an overpowered hero crushing everyting but as a regular soldier on the battlefield full of filth and♥♥♥♥♥♥.It is the perfect simulator to make you feel like a true warrior and the combat is hard to master and is pretty complex.It is a kind of game that at first will look awesome,then you will accidentaly kill someone by gangbanging him,then you will get killed a lot and actualy rage at the game wanting you money back,you play some more get a hang of it and finaly come out victorious and proud of you skill and what you have learned about fighting in mediaval ages.And then you will school begginers.10/10 would probalby need a bit more eternal organs everywhere when you kill someone ."
76561198066053383,Recommended,219640,10122487,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Daddy Yeet,Wow the combat is amizing the graficks are equaly so.
76561198041073674,Recommended,219640,10122621,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,tacomunchies,"so much laughter, amazingness."
76561198007278353,Recommended,219640,10122849,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,DeliciousCookies,"it is good. make the world beautiful, like much!"
76561198016755763,Recommended,219640,10122948,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,MED,"Haven't played enough to avoid getting killed quickly and repeatedly, but it is fun to play and ridiculously gruesome. It's all about mastering the timing of your swing or block as opposed to just flailing away to hit whoever you can especially as you can kill your teammates if you're not careful. Definitely worth picking up on sale which it often is."
,Recommended,219640,10133398,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Richard Nixon,Great game!
76561198005745781,Recommended,219640,10135450,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Matteus,"Hauskaa mättämistä! Raajat, ja huvittuneet ärräpäät lentää."
,Recommended,219640,10135731,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Šerednej zmrd,"Violence, blood, limbs, heads, epic battles. 10/10And yes, it is way better with friends."
,Recommended,219640,10138412,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,jess the mess,Fun. nuff said
,Recommended,219640,10138434,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,FØZ,You can scream and yell whenever you want.Best Screaming Simulator11/10
,Recommended,219640,10141170,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,ONLY SMOKE GAS GANG 420$$$$$$$$,This game is really fun. Nothing else to really say other than James Doherty is gay
76561198104553309,Recommended,219640,10141510,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Douglas,Just plain awsome.
,Recommended,219640,10145063,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Jin-Juh Ninja,get it.
76561198066408623,Recommended,219640,10146812,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Afvegaleiðir,10/10 medieval combat online!
,Recommended,219640,10149092,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Draconux,good game. but a bit laggy. worth the monney. just look out for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ op archers8/10
,Recommended,219640,10123149,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Traitor,LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
76561198060159461,Recommended,219640,10133390,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Heisenberg's Face,itsagood
76561198001008120,Recommended,219640,10133561,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Insanely Asian,"This is one of those game which seems to have no quality but lots and lots of substance. The game was made by the very small indie developer who made the Half Life 2 mod ""Age of Chilvary"" so don't expect alot of updates.The game itself has little to offer in regards to Graphics, Sound, Story, Community and Polish. However the gameplay seems to shine regardless; and not matter how buggy and infuriating it may be, at the end of the day it's just so addictively fun.This one of those games that's fun to play by yourself but absolutely hilarious to play with friends."
,Recommended,219640,10138558,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Dovah,"This game is super fun, i really love it so much 11/10"
76561198025543560,Recommended,219640,10142833,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Fisch n Chips,"got my head chopped off, covered in boiling oil, lit on fire, arms and legs dismembered, impaled by a ballista, crushed by a rock, kicked off a cliff, kicked into spikes, and called a knave. 10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,219640,10144353,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,General Awesome,An all-around decent game that will keep you entertained for hours on end. I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys both Medieval combat and teamwork.
,Not Recommended,219640,16121210,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[ShtokerBox] Seaotter [1st AAD],i have brought this games 2 days ago when it was on offer and the money has gone and the game is not in my library any more i would not recommend to get this game and waist your money on could of gone on more
76561198128975076,Recommended,219640,29118340,Posted: 8 January,all,Tartey boy,Good game but wait until sale when its only 3 $ other wise its not worth it
,Recommended,219640,7238393,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Going through hard times,it is a very good sword fighting game if u like fighting this is the game for u
,Recommended,219640,727396,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,RussTech,"Bought this during a sale after watching some gameplay videos. A bunch of knights violently hacking away at each other in co-op or PVP,and it's a blast. A bloody good time if you like melee combat."
,Recommended,219640,26078085,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The Queen of Bastards,"Pros: Lots of yelling, lots of bloodshed, and lots of funCons: People dont understand that a duel means a ♥♥♥♥ing duel now ♥♥♥♥off interferers"
,Recommended,219640,33706706,Posted: 21 July,all,Hodor,Perfect for the average person's manslaughter needs.
,Recommended,219640,33712025,Posted: 21 July,all,themaggotspulse,"Modern Warfare with swords or For Honor before it came out, take your pick, this game is still awesome"
,Not Recommended,219640,32904926,Posted: 27 June,all,Serpy Serperior,"this ga,me♥♥♥♥♥♥ecksdenIGegRs"
,Recommended,219640,11955938,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,OhioMan,Very good game
,Recommended,219640,33753237,Posted: 23 July,all,Mr. Berko,"Killing peasants has never been more fun, 11/10."
76561198073098927,Recommended,219640,33728358,Posted: 22 July,all,wasted_arcangel,Good fun
,Recommended,219640,14134224,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Harry Pooter,"This game is great, love the mechanics. The different ways to attack and such. The game requires a little bit of skill with your timing but you get the hang of it quickly enough. This game has community servers too, one of my favorites being the badass Star Wars servers.Great purchase on sale OR full price."
,Recommended,219640,25199417,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Controleriam,Great.
76561198123001452,Recommended,219640,18379055,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,HuXy,Fun and nicely made game keep it up
,Recommended,219640,18495444,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Solidghost,The first and so far only game I've played that really does first person melee combat well.
76561198066679370,Not Recommended,219640,8098824,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,OswalD,"The game itself is good, but it is not very fun when you are being kicked from every game for doing nothing. This game also has many problems. The game is usually having problems where every map is black, and that is nearly impossible to play. In addition, this game can get very annoying and frustraing when your weapon magically passes through an enemy. Also this game can crash a lot do to the supposed ""updates"", which usually make this game worse. In conclusion, this game is not worth what they are asking for and if you want to buy it you should wait until it is on sale or something."
,Recommended,219640,18496066,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,broseefus,"pros:-engaging multiplayer-fun and simple combat system-deadliest warrior dlccons:-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s-""you hitbox abuser noob"", ""ugh, a feint noob, i cant play this server anymore"", ""this isnt fair, you guys have so many players"", ""can someone switch team so that my friend can join my team?""-limited amount of classes-get bored easily8 screaming archers and op spartans out of 10"
76561198042585090,Not Recommended,219640,18474947,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Sahmosamson,Unless you've played this game since the beginning getting into it now is near impossible.
,Recommended,219640,18434623,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Eujo,knights fightingmedieval/10
,Recommended,219640,2120007,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,BlurryLight,awesome game and brutal as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,8233990,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,HeadShot,"Be knight, kill knights!+ : graphics, gameplay, fun to play- : no singleplayer, difficult at the first playthrough8/10 would smite again"
,Recommended,219640,12561870,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,cyan,A fun game to play with friends. Also a great game to destroy friendships. 10/10
76561198076139168,Recommended,219640,18717338,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SkyChrome,"Thought you have seen the worst brutallity in the world? Well check out this game! You can explode peoples heads with a huge mallet. To get this mallet, you must get a total kills with a hammer made out of plastic! And you can even shoot arrows and make no scopes with crossbows!10/10 Would kill it again!"
76561198034821193,Recommended,219640,14845730,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ronnie Pickering,AAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!LETSF**KINAVVIT!!!!!!! RRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
76561198147234139,Not Recommended,219640,14823836,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Artix,i have a mac and it alwys says application not rsponding what do i do ??
76561198075686544,Recommended,219640,14861741,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,LE MEXICAN™©,Sorry i would like to play this but it doesn't load on mac
,Not Recommended,219640,14973019,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,lllDunkahlll,"sucks, mac dosent work"
,Not Recommended,219640,23623646,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Hubby Express,♥♥♥♥ off
,Not Recommended,219640,26090446,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Razoor,Nice concept but joining in now is hellish. Every weapon is locked and your draw speed is horendous.When your swing takes 1.5 seconds and your opponent only takes a second or so you do not stand a chance in hell.Also they have shields as men at arms and you do not. Level 1 to 2 at least. I dont get far with so few kills with everyone beeing armed to the teeth and i am running around with the equivalent of a toothpick.
76561198021603189,Not Recommended,219640,26119405,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Car_Mrazomor,"This is the buggiest game I have ever played. Talking about hit detection , also the game runs like crap."
,Not Recommended,219640,26058767,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Clancy McFancy,"Mac version doesn't even work, so I can't even play the game."
,Not Recommended,219640,26093341,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Smonkh,"It seems like a good game but its hard to tell if i can barely play it. It crashes almost all the time and is very laggy. When I was able to play it, I tried customizing my characters. But it doesn't save it. I looked it up to see if I could fix it, but its been happening to people since 2013! It seems the devs gave up on this game, which is sad."
,Not Recommended,219640,26109434,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Sgt. Paint,"Terrible on mac, insane fps drops even on the lowest settings, and im on a good rig usually able to play on high without a hiccup, and im on a strong ethernet connection. Guess its a bad port."
,Not Recommended,219640,26135307,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Dumle csgoroll.com,"with the thought that i couldn`t even play the game im giving it a negative review. i wasted over an hour trying to fix the game, but i was simply impossible. i wanted to play this game so much but it didn`t work even tho i tried everything"
76561198006175457,Not Recommended,219640,26140578,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Rai,"engraçado, mas tosco pra kraleo"
,Not Recommended,219640,27890899,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rezlov,"From my experience , this game is really horrible ... but not gameplaywise , it's the ♥♥♥♥ing servers . NONE OF THE SERVERS ♥♥♥♥ING WORK .But that's just my experience .If you ask me ; don't buy the game, save it for something better."
,Not Recommended,219640,28089514,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Your Dad,"It's okay. The UI is extremely clunky, god forbid you change any controls in game, but it's an okay melee based game."
,Recommended,219640,32013982,Posted: 28 May,all,Gixie,nice gameplay
,Recommended,219640,22349982,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,/cloud/,AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,219640,28800123,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SaltyAFF h1z1swap.com,"Fun game to play with friends now and then, I enjoy playing on Duel servers (1v1). The game can get a little repetitive though, so I'm not normally playing for more than a hour, but it's always a fun hour."
,Recommended,219640,18450635,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,helvete ,"this game is rediciulously funny. very good to have a good laugh once in a while. charging into a swords fight with a battle cry. this game is not very beginner friendly. you should defenitely not bother to get killed a lot, especialy by teammates.If that doesn't bother you that much - you can have a great time.this is pretty much what the game is all about:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhRUe-gz690"
,Recommended,219640,10393757,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,xAVIS,Yup osm
76561198088613691,Recommended,219640,26285791,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,shlomit bona soca,i love this game idi nahoi
76561198054721798,Not Recommended,219640,10560918,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The Judgment,This game is very challenging but ultimately just an arcade hack and slash
76561198039230666,Recommended,219640,28712084,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Dark Ranger.,"When I first started playing Chivalry: Medieval Warfare I found the game to be quite frustrating. I have never played a game with a combat system like this before. I died many times failing to having to block someone's attack. After some time I started to become slightly better. I realize that timing your attacks and blocking at the right time truly helps out and is the key to winning. Though the servers lag quite a bit for me. Overall, it is a fun game to play. :)"
,Recommended,219640,28744626,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,mightycool,Not Bad
76561198123139440,Recommended,219640,21387776,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Bullet Spamming Patriot,The only game I've played and seen a Knight teabag someone. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,23749132,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Polska,"Possibly the most fun I have ever had in a game, and all I did was fist fight people and get people to chase me over a long distance."
,Recommended,219640,19865294,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Kropolis,Stabbed a guy in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ More like a jab...I jabbed a guy in the♥♥♥♥♥♥..huh...I jabbed a guy in the♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,219640,20691026,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,CatsReverything,The game could really use some polishing...but the game itself is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome9/10
,Recommended,219640,21654136,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Harambe,Rip off of minecraft
,Recommended,219640,24686031,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,god himself,10/10 would crash again
,Recommended,219640,29071651,Posted: 6 January,all,PICKLE RICK ム,"Great game, cancer community.Matrix-Sword-Fight/10"
,Recommended,219640,26085104,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ghn,Not even hack and slash. because you need hack to slash.
,Recommended,219640,8702062,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Kim Jong Un Chan,this game is awesome and has amazing graphics 10/10
,Recommended,219640,30726665,Posted: 25 March,all,Juzzram,"cheap version of ""For Honor""."
76561197990014238,Recommended,219640,30682371,Posted: 23 March,all,Tolovski,One of the best medieval games ever.
76561198068823604,Recommended,219640,13047460,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,penut8193,awesome game
,Not Recommended,219640,31197073,Posted: 17 April,all,koniygn,"1) There are choke-points in many maps. You have to spend 30+ secs to run to that choke-point, engage for 2secs, head got chop off, respawn, run 30+secs again, fight for 2 secs, dead, respawn, repeat and repeat. What a waste of time.2) Classes have no actual trade-off characteristics e.g. stronger weapon but run slower, lighter armour but run faster. Everyone choose the heaviest class no matter what."
76561197973610898,Recommended,219640,8609122,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Dolemite,A new spin on FPS as you hack-n-slash and toss spears and arrows at people as you would in any other FPS.  Chop off limbs and decapitate heads in this high energy medievil title.
76561197966024801,Recommended,219640,22724922,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,|$m0k!n|-*{916}*gunner,excellent and very addictive multiplayer game.really enjoying it thoroughly.
,Recommended,219640,10151122,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,HipsterDoofus,Tom Dickson from Blendtec would be proud
76561198116161873,Not Recommended,219640,25872666,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Samurai Jerk,"Let's see, sloppy yet complicated controlCombat mechanic that make no senseWeird model animationEveryone is Might of DemaciaEnemies can hit you when they're facing opposite direction.Control delaySlower weapons are basically uselessApparently a slash on the face can't stagger oppoent, but a kick in the belly can.A one-handed sword and even a dagger can block warhammer and strike back immediately1/10 would refund if had a chance."
,Not Recommended,219640,25816452,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ＴＨＥ ＢＡＴＨ,"used to be fun, but now it's just full of people who bend all over the place. even in rank 15 and below."
76561198036696747,Recommended,219640,33909615,Posted: 30 July,all,Dinner,Good game just drag ♥♥♥♥ everywhere after level 16
76561198169182290,Recommended,219640,33916507,Posted: 30 July,all,Arkaruth,"Hard, but challenging love it! Amazing graphics! Gore and blood! My favourite! 8/10 - Bugs need to be fixed!"
,Recommended,219640,19299507,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Crayola Snarkel,its an alright game
,Recommended,219640,17795512,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,happycarrot50,"This is a brilliant medieval warfare player vs player multiplayer game. The execution of the game is also excellently done and allows for many good game modes and great and varied gameplay, all within a fantastic looking game with a great and smooth engine.11/15 - ""Well made medieval warfare game"""
,Not Recommended,219640,1187648,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Saxton,used to be goodbut that was a while ago
,Recommended,219640,28902524,Posted: 1 January,all,MaelStrom,At first I was like -( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)But then -( ͡⊙ ͜ʖ ͡⊙)Then a little later after that -( ͡◉ ͜ʖ ͡◉)
,Recommended,219640,20901919,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,BlackMetalEva,Is this one of the best games ever? Because it entered my pantheon right away! :ccskull:
76561198138219600,Recommended,219640,18536925,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,local meme market,greatest game ever except for tf2
,Not Recommended,219640,15728276,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Haravin,"I find this game to be annoying, and hard to get the hang of. After playing for 50 hours, I still get killed pretty much instantly. Mount and Blade:Warband seems to be better at fullfilling what I wanted, combat is more fun and rewarding. and the game is even modable to turn it into basically anything..EDIT: After playing this game latley, I can say its now broken. It crashes after 5 minutes of launching, probably from a memory leak."
,Recommended,219640,29662606,Posted: 2 February,all,cxza\\HM01urself,it's like Counter-Strike with swords
,Recommended,219640,29659274,Posted: 2 February,all,"Ornate'o,o'Owl","One of my top 3 multiplayer games, and my all time favorite Medieval fighting game. I would say its fighting system outranks the big game Skyrim itself. :)"
76561198043776068,Recommended,219640,29646417,Posted: 2 February,all,123,fun for awhile
,Recommended,219640,26323925,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Slangespiser,10/10 game-Do not rush then u are dead-But you are a man when u play this game
,Recommended,219640,16379197,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MinceFleshPipes,jab jab NO AUSSIE DUELING SEREVERS ♥♥♥♥ INTWDBFDHFGDHNFDHJH
,Recommended,219640,24604485,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Rocketpants,"I don't know why so many people seem to bash this game. Okay sure, there's not too many people playing it anymore but you can still find matches. Or, get some ♥♥♥♥ing friends and play it together! How else are you going to smash them into a limb-less, bloody torso?For Agatha!"
,Recommended,219640,23456817,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,tarachiupaul,The best medieval game out there !!! It's really worth it!
76561198084409743,Recommended,219640,23448167,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Faglord McFuckshit,TIS BUT A FLESH WOUND
76561197976956268,Not Recommended,219640,14691037,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,maggerz,Total garbage. The focus on multiplayer madness would be a better description...too much going on and a frame rate of treacle on a cold day makes this almost impossible to play.  No single player options.  POOR
76561198075202019,Not Recommended,219640,21042094,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Loomy,Get mount and blade Warband instead
,Recommended,219640,28821779,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rodoljub Vulovic Roki,DEUS VULTDEUS VULTDEUS VULT
,Recommended,219640,28929614,Posted: 1 January,all,[VTG] CO,Maybe this game best saler game of 2016 :D
,Not Recommended,219640,34420720,Posted: 22 August,all,ReDaerD,"This has to be the worst game I have ever played in my life. There was an enemy with his fists out so I rightfully attacked him because that was the objective of the match. A couple dumbasses on my team teamkilled me and said to never kill unarmed players because they were being ""Friendly"". From then on, I kept getting teamkilled at the beginning of every round so one time I teamkilled the guy that was killing me over and over again. He then votekicked me and 100% of the lobby voted yes. Even the enemies that had no idea why I was even being kicked in the first place. Also the whole dismemberment thing is a scam. There was little to no dismemberment. All you did was hit somebody in the chest and they fell over. Not even much Ragdoll. There was this one time where I hit somebody in the head with a bow and their head just disapeared and they fell over. On top of that, the community only wants to play one map which is just a big open field. I didnt experience any others. And then there is the class selection screen which is so confusing and contradictory to itself. All the weapons that I could use said locked below them. That is wierd because I was able to use them in a match. And with the story, I was on a beginners server, so how was I suppoded to know anything about the game and not to kill unarmed people? That just goes to show that the community of this game is cancer. Hell, everything about this game is cancer!"
,Recommended,219640,33343156,Posted: 7 July,all,Enkazadas The Conquistador,"Chivalry is a decent experience. However, ping can be a huge problem and cause no end of trouble. Even if your connection is fine, your opponent can seemingly teleport around you. The net code doesn't seem especially solid either. THe combat itself is pretty nice, although it also seems open to massive exploitation through insane body twisting and other such things, leading to an overall very enjoyable experience PROVIDED there is nobody lagging and you don't have one of those... Twisters as a foe"
,Recommended,219640,18600675,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jesus,"10/10 game, really fun and brutal, but playing for a long time you get bored."
76561198117652441,Recommended,219640,31124223,Posted: 13 April,all,Moist Meme Master FISH OIL!,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. Man, where do I even start? Alright so I'm gonna jump head-first into the game.Over-all, it is a fantastic game. Great visuals, great combat, and the community (Or at least the portion I've seen) arn't all that bad. Sure there are a bunch of tactics that may seem unfair, but its part of the game, what can you do?This game is fun even when un-skilled, and there IS a tutorial that actually helps out quite a lot with playing early on.But once you get better and better at the game, each one v one becomes a dance of death, and thats fun. At least for me.The skill cap is quite steep, but no matter, its still fun to play.I'd recommend this game to those who like a good challange, and a high skill ceiling."
76561198056213173,Recommended,219640,31141976,Posted: 14 April,all,cliffbray83,333 hrs.  Lightsaber/StarWars map mods.  10/10.  Would buy again.
,Recommended,219640,31124463,Posted: 13 April,all,Diamond_Sky,Man I love this game
,Recommended,219640,31167292,Posted: 15 April,all,2-Stronk-danksn1p3r3D,"Disclaimer: If you are looking for a fun swordfighting game that has any sort of realistic features, this is not it.If you are looking for a hollywood spinning blade attack simulator, this is just your thing.  You can move your mouse to control your swing in real time, so just crank up that sensativity and start the pwnage. The animations of course look bonkers when you do this hardcore dragging, so its very easy to own people unaccustomed to fighting it. And duels also look funny when both of you are masters at advanced derp drags (also known as exploits by the non-cheesing plebs).  So if you are willing to practice and git gud you can have a lot of fun doing that.Free Tip: In Team Objective, just run into the nearest group fight and start swinging. It doesn't matter if you hit your team, just flail your massive sword around while having a seizure. Throw in some derp drags for good measure. You are now top of the leaderboard."
,Recommended,219640,31154624,Posted: 15 April,all,✪ Henedoi,Me as a player: %1 Game play % 99 Scream LEL
,Not Recommended,219640,28953054,Posted: 2 January,all,Eratian,"Punished for playing the game the way it was intended? Check.Was Kicked because of my low rank even though i was in the top 3? Check.Was Kicked because i killed a higher ranked than me in solo combat? Check.Was unable to join the maaybe 10 newbie servers because they were all full? Check.Was kicked from everywhere else once again when they saw my rank and commented ""oh ffs newb""? Check.One of the most toxic communities out there? Check.It's a shame, really, don't buy this one."
,Not Recommended,219640,14386671,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sida,pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!why make a game like this JUST ♥♥♥♥ING WHY
,Not Recommended,219640,20751822,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Capros,"This game is trash, you just bugg the attack animation and free win."
76561198143045936,Recommended,219640,34564969,Posted: 28 August,all,Vq.| Spodermen,"A very fun game, but it died today, chiv servers shutting down. Rip spinny ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t 2k17"
76561198071798866,Recommended,219640,13967842,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Kikk The Cumrag,"really fun and skill based game, im having a lot of fun cutting the heads of my friends in duels :D"
76561198057763953,Recommended,219640,34044471,Posted: 5 August,all,GaidenFocus,Still the best Medieval combat game ever.
,Recommended,219640,11338827,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,"Bernie ""Feel The Bern"" Sanders",I like to chop off heads... Both Kinds... GG 3.14159265359 x 3
,Recommended,219640,12562867,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Vq.| Apex,allah akbar. yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. 5/5
76561198166058132,Recommended,219640,28395817,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,stonedpimp,"this game is fun 0-15 but after u hit lvl 16  you go against nothing but vet players who have mastered the exploits of the game.  im lvl 16 just learned how to feint my attacks, and now im forced to play with pepole that has been playing for years and know the art of glitch attacks.  the game needs a mid lvl bracket or some kinda match making system to keep u with players your skill and  lvl. Dout i will play much more. not much fun trying to play against seasoned vets that know all the advantages/disadvantages and exploits when i don't even know how to change my weapon yet.  i will recommend the game even tho i proly won't play the game anymore.game is worth playing 0-15game is not Pay2win what so ever hard to find F2P games like that.after lvl 15 GL"
,Recommended,219640,28395480,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Team-Pulsar | Anti,Amazing
,Recommended,219640,10439812,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,NyanNyanTime,This is a impressive game for its gore and I just love it. The game concept is sorta like Call of Duty but medival themed. My comments for this game is my opinin. I rate this game at 8/10 because the concept get a little repetitive and your team mates can ether kill of accidently hurt you during gameplay.
,Recommended,219640,8180045,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kawaiian Pizza,VERY fun game! Imagine the good pick-up-and-battle aspects from CoD multiplayer and put that in medieval times. The fighting is very responsive and easy to understand yet hard to master.Hardcore recommend.
,Not Recommended,219640,22580072,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Ｄｅｕｓ  Ｖｕｌｔ,"Let's face it people, the community of this game are a bunch of blood thirsty ♥♥♥♥ing degenerates that do anything to make others salty. Personally, i work, i get off my♥♥♥♥♥and work, and while i don't earn much, i can still get some okay internet, -100, but when i do have those random moments where my ping suddenly goes up to 900 for 10 seconds, suddenly, even when i'm standing still, kids scream: ""HE'S GOT HIGH PING, AND IS TELEPORTING! KICK HIIIMMM!""See what's wrong with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t? I've been trying to play with my friends for the past hour, and all i've gotten is these little idiots kicking me because i had over 200 ping for 10 seconds, it's very ♥♥♥♥ing sad and pathetic, and the fact that if just over half of the server is compiled of complete, idiotic children, i can be banned for five minutes... What.. the... ♥♥♥♥? WHY? WHY CAN THEY MY ABILITY TO PLAY LIKE THAT? I BOUGHT THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!There is absolutely ZERO ♥♥♥♥ing reason why anyone should be able to kick, other than teamkillers...OR NOT AT ALLHackers? In Chivalry? Yeah.. right... no.In conclusion: The community is filled with a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s that need to be put the shoes of a person that lives in a bad area and works for his money.P.S Game is pretty fun when i get to play it...Also, ♥♥♥♥♥♥s usually kick people one person is better than the other... WHY? because they're salty."
,Recommended,219640,14104019,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Astrocrab,quite possibly the best game ever made
76561198139640933,Not Recommended,219640,16118734,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,MageFries,Just like any steam game its full of hackers no point in playing unless you hack too.
76561198120365698,Recommended,219640,10151133,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Rim job master,ULTRA HARD AND ULTRA FUN
,Recommended,219640,26035246,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Kendryque,Beautiful.
,Not Recommended,219640,5192742,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,Mr. Moonshine,A once good game ruined by♥♥♥♥♥♥devs and♥♥♥♥♥♥community
76561198238499226,Recommended,219640,30606432,Posted: 18 March,all,Cole 1498,"morhou philips hue kms kys H1Z1 911 Dank MEMES pepe` cheese train facts lol lmfao what CS:GO 2.0.......Those were my impresions,,,,,,,.bad spelling...."
,Recommended,219640,30740350,Posted: 25 March,all,____,love this game.. get in it and slaughter noobs
,Recommended,219640,13199493,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Jan,"Though arguably a less serious and sincere, (though humorous) take on first-person historical combat, Chivalry is nonetheless an entertaining and somewhat addictive first person melee combat game, which does a decent job at standing it's own among a great variety of similar titles. In my view it is fairly comical, and really pushes to sell itself on an exaggerated take on medieval brutality on the battlefield, but it ultimately enjoyable if even in a tongue-in-cheek fashion.Just play the tutorial (see how quickly you grit your teeth) or listen to some of the voice-overs to see where I think the game begins it's play on humor. Though I personally prefer an intuitive control scheme as featured in games like Warband, I find this is an enjoyable foray into the first-person competitive stylization of medieval combat.The issues I have with it are somewhat minor. Projectiles seem to travel slowly and leave glaring streaks which arc behind them, presumably so the player can see where they're going similar in some respect to modern tracer rounds. The second issue is the clunkyness of some of the animations, and the very, very awkward running and moving animations. Take your character to third person, grab a shield, bear it up front, and crouch-walk forward to get a taste of what I mean.Anyway, in conclusion. Enjoyable, silly and funny. I exploded a man's head with a sling bullet somehow.  I did the same with a mace. That's chivalry for you."
76561198085962443,Recommended,219640,26751757,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,matthewjknight,"a true Gentleman's game. when you aren't being interupted by some charging Vanguard who thinks it would be funny if he both stole a kill, kill his ally in the process, and end up ruining everyone's fun.really reflects that fact it is literaly called ""Chivalry""9.5/10"
76561198030686288,Recommended,219640,26751716,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,BLADEZ64,"""FREE THE SLAVES, BREAK THE CHAINS.""""AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRHGGGGGHGHGHGHHHHHHHHHHGHGHGHGHGH!""Slice, hack, slash, crush, splat, decapitate, shoot, impale, stab, dismember.""CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGE!""- Chivalry Medieval Warfare"
,Recommended,219640,17912976,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Beastii,nice medival butts 10/10 IGN
76561197963504473,Not Recommended,219640,19292740,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Kapumpapa,"fun till you get out of the noob servers and meet the people who actually put effort in playing with exploits. It makes no sense, save your money."
,Recommended,219640,10141083,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,CRAZY DAVE [dennys grand slam],FOR THE GLORY OF AGATHAAAAAAAAA!!!
,Recommended,219640,10141023,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,XOSpicy🅱ada$$,"Im going to make this short as possible, and honest to the best of my ability. I LOVE THIS GENRE. But to an honest answer, not this game. Real patches to the game have basically been dropped, and map packs and purchasable content (even though it is not a free game and has a level system which could be utilized for item's to unlock) are all that is really added anymore. The game was fun, until the fighting system kinda went to♥♥♥♥♥♥when everyone started puting their sensitivity on 1000 and just swinging at the floor and spinning in different directions. I can say something good about this game, ALOT OF PEOPLE PLAY IT, and I mean to the point of annoying. The game is fun and when you just play with friends its pretty cool on modded maps and servers + stuff, but all in all the optimization and graphics, the combat, and the content are pretty poor to me. I want to see another game like this, as well as Mount and Blade (Not like War of the♥♥♥♥♥♥games), that is really really well done. Like the possible new game, ""For Honor,"" by Ubisoft. I do recommend this game, but in reality I say you shouldn't buy it unless you got extra cash and some friends."
,Not Recommended,219640,8421506,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Pugwis,"The stats and kill seem to be saved correctly only on the official server.There is nothing to do in this game and combat mechanic are just bad and cheap, at least battle cry are pretty fun and you can kick your teamate into a ravine.With no doubt Mount and blade and War of the Rose are better.5/10"
,Recommended,219640,10157646,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,☚Snyders☛,I just love it.
,Not Recommended,219640,8593272,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Face Hugger,"Pretty, mindless fun as long you don't care about balance or fairness, and aren't bothered by a community that thrives on grief.Classes that utilize slow weaponary are at a clear disadvantage to those with a faster weapons. Traits meant to offset the loss of speed, such as damage mitigation or weapon reach, are not implemented well and ultimately do not factor into balance. This leads to most matches being populated by the ""man-at-arms"" class - wielding a starter sword or mace and choosing to forgo a shield, they're capable of effortlessly decimating heavier classes even when outnumbered. It completely trivializes melee combat, makes itemization pointless, and negates any reason to play the more cumbersome classes.Archery can be rewarding once one unlocks better weapons and becomes accustomed to the cadence of movement and combat. It's the only balanced aspect of the game.Griefing is rampant by abusing map layout, game mechanics, and the vote kick system. One common example: other players will block doorways and force team mates to assault them so that they can exit the spawn area. Doing so will allow them to put those that attack them up for a vote kick - and since many players mindlessly confirm vote kicks without question it allows the griefers to quickly empty servers. That has happened on at least 75% of the servers I have played on at some point - typically as soon as the fight begins. And there are many, many other ways that one can grief.The graphics are nice, the audio and voice acting top notch, and most team objective map designs are thoughtful and well designed. Unfortunately lipstick doesn't save this pig. A trivial amount of melee balancing along with some alteration to the vote kick system would make this game worth buying, but right now unless it goes on a sale of 75% or greater it's just not worth it. Still, as I mentioned in the opening, if you're looking for mindless slaughter and can ignore the complete lack of balance, there is fun to be had."
,Not Recommended,219640,16977722,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,the eyebrow dancer,"I played a couple multiplayer matches, then I felt a really bad pain around my hips.I went on WebMD and it turns out its cancer0/10 gave me cancer"
76561198043861268,Not Recommended,219640,13531783,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Futurist Caesar,"While the combat system is very enjoyable, the community of the game is especially terrible and the balance of weaponry is utter trash. You will try your best to find good duels but fail as you proceed to get shot down to low health by cocky archers who then stab you once or twice to win. If you don't face archers, you face other unbalanced weapons which players use in exploitive manners to get the upper hand. This game could have been so much more, but it is instead a trash can. Or a giant toilet."
,Recommended,219640,13531147,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Useless S. Grant,got both arms cut and head cut off and still lived as a stump 10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,6454915,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Stan The Man,They put so many microtransactions you would think it is a free to play.
,Recommended,219640,17132806,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,mishugi,hard like myrock
,Recommended,219640,7454114,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,AFAP Rocky,♥♥♥♥ archers.
76561198175585810,Recommended,219640,16421023,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,JonnyFuse,5 *****
,Recommended,219640,17280225,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,219640,3121138,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,"An amazing testament of honor and glory!  With spetacular melee focused combat, this game captures the feel of being on a medieval battlefield SUPERBLY.  The action is fast, brutal and furious, and the kills, oh so very satisfying.  Do not overlook this game.  It's worth everyone's attention and is a very fresh competitive multiplayer experience!   TOOOOOO MEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!"
76561197968475087,Recommended,219640,12988441,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Bob Swashbuckler,"Brutal and bloody! Still, it makes you laugh and smile.Not because of the violence but because its so damn fun!You here by have my permission to try this out ! :D"
76561198158015575,Not Recommended,219640,16118351,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Youri,"I played this game a lot on the PC in the room below me, so i bought it for my brother on this PC but we had to switch pc's before he could play this game, so now I tried to play, but for some reason My game is spinning like crazy.. and then I mean, IMPOSSIBLE Spinny.. So yeah.. if someone can tell me why or how Thank You!"
,Recommended,219640,6552742,"Posted: 14 December, 2012",all,Akraken,"Awesome first person slasher, some of the best graphics possible, really timing based."
,Recommended,219640,12083393,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,That boy LachieT,10/10 would Chivalry again
,Recommended,219640,10497910,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Tom The Medic,"9/10, made me lose my head."
,Recommended,219640,12655123,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Jack,Everything is going for this game i cant see apart from a few things how you can't love this game here are some pros:+Great graphics+Realstic death and stuff+The sense of an actual war+Great FunThere are some cons though:-Maybe slightly to much gore-Bad 3rd PersonApart from those little errors there is no more to say.I would give this game 8.5 out of 10
,Recommended,219640,26098649,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,以凡人之身 達神之意志,"What the ♥♥♥♥ everyone of you complain about how unrealistic and broken the game mechanics was.It is called, skill-based, git gud scrub."
76561198312034813,Not Recommended,219640,29813872,Posted: 9 February,all,Little Troll Boy,"This is one of the hardest thing you will play, it requires a very fast computer and countless wasted hours practicing and quick thinking. Even on new player friendly servers you will find people high ranked who come to mess up your fun. i should have known when i bought this game and its dlc on sale for $5."
76561198273516760,Recommended,219640,30146310,Posted: 24 February,all,skirk248,I enjoy the game. People have more honr on ere than the game with honor in it's title
76561198066665003,Not Recommended,219640,28338565,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,EAGLEWAX,This game is okay nothing fancy it will be better ones they fix the teamkills and other players from your team killing you so be ready to die from your own team 9 out of 10 times
76561198100582880,Recommended,219640,29012421,Posted: 4 January,all,lasagna,"very lesbian game, yes"
,Recommended,219640,16391421,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,GGMattt,I chopped a guys head off.10/10 would do again
,Recommended,219640,22602198,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Ken,fmsg'ZADSHG
76561198026118480,Not Recommended,219640,21331495,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,[]Something,"You subhuman baboon. You literal♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥How dare you speak, you swarthy jungle monkey. How dare you open your big lipped, rim encrusted, menthol cigarette smelling mouth?You are human trash, Diego Tyrone LeShawn de Maradona. Universally despised, derided and mocked. Your nationality and skin tone offers no hope to the world that South America can ever prosper. Crawl back in to the Brazilian jungle you came out of, you literal orangutan.I hope you decide to sail your grandfathers skip to the Falklands and♥♥♥♥♥♥some sheep, as is in the negroes nature. It would still be the whitest ♥♥♥♥♥ you ever had. Give Nigel and Robert a chance for some target practice, your sole use to the world. Argentinians obsession with a few windswept islands in the Atlantic is hilarious but sad. Coincidentally its the only worthwhile contribution Argentina has made to the medical field. The MUH LAS MALVINAS sentiment in the average negro Argentinian is both an early warning sign of autism in children, and early on set Alzheimer's in adults.Take your black hairy fingers off your keyboard, and never talk about the human species again, you mockery of our supposed shared ancestor.. No amount of olive oil and wheat flour slabbed on your face every morning will make you white. It's about as delusional of an idea as your daydreams of European heritage.You♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥You make Bolivia look like a beacon of civilisation.You are the Baltimore of South America.Go fertilise the pampas with you and your families corpses, its the best you can hope for in life. For the first time in your life,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you have a job making food for beings vastly superior to yourself. Uruguayan cattle. Coincidentally, it would be the first time an Argentinian ""man"" provided for a family.Die, Diego. No one would miss you. Except for Australian Aboriginals, who now would have no one to make them look good."
,Recommended,219640,19021625,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,[TPnP] Ocean Man,I'd give this game a thumbs upand i willit's everything you'd wantknightsbloodswordsEVERYTHING!
,Recommended,219640,11467124,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Bman (ecks dee),You can chop peoples limbs off and make them cry.
76561198043341860,Recommended,219640,4921551,"Posted: 7 February, 2013",all,Hazard,"Awesome slashy, bloody gore fun....come and play and i will stab you in the head lol"
76561198081785338,Not Recommended,219640,24457325,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,GuntherThePenguin,Don't play this game just don't
,Recommended,219640,34171739,Posted: 11 August,all,Mukidongo,gud game many sword thank you
,Recommended,219640,34224382,Posted: 13 August,all,ScaryPillow,"The best sword, melee or dueling game out there. It does duels extremely well in that players are separated by skill, knowledge of mechanics, knowledge of other class's weakness and strentgh, quick reactions and how much they have practiced. The gameplay is literally amazingly smooth and you really feel in control and in a very good duel. There are a lot of bad reviews because this game is hard. You need a lot of hours to get good at it and it's true once you are above level 15 you are not allowed to play in beginner servers anymore and it's brutal. Think of a US Marine being put into a fighting ring with any average joe, it will be a massacre. The average joe has no chance. And that's part of the beauty of the game. The outcome of a duel is dictated completely by skill and there is no way that someone who has practiced 200 hours will ever lose to someone who only practiced 10.I will admit the are about 2 attacking mechanics that can be abused and are basically impossible to counter but they are few and far between as even they take skill to execute well. And  a player who is otherwise bad will not be able to suddenly beat pros by abusing a single mechanic. Duels depend on mastery of dozens of aspects of play. If you want to experience the best skill-based melee game out there, this is for you. If you just want to go in and hack and slash and expect not to be absolutely shreded by pros if you choose to face them, this game is not for you. Take note you can avoid pros by sticking with a group in team vs team game modes. Or just play archer."
76561198134484881,Recommended,219640,34224937,Posted: 13 August,all,Norlandy,Tis but a flesh wound.
,Recommended,219640,34223688,Posted: 13 August,all,Mr.Attractive,"This game is bloody halarious, everything about it is horrid, awkward hitboxes, server lag, and it's just a complete ♥♥♥♥ fest but its fun with friends so its cool."
,Recommended,219640,34228420,Posted: 13 August,all,Billy Mays,"if you have friends and you want to kill them a lot, get this game"
,Recommended,219640,8413793,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cyberdildonics,"much game, very good 8/10"
,Recommended,219640,8557786,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,creamboy ဪ,I like this gamee because of the sword
,Recommended,219640,26285079,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Bobert Raratheon,"It's a great medieval warfare game. similar to it's console counter-part and similar to the next best medieval game which is, Mount & Blade. Besides all that since this game was on sale, I thought why not give it a try, after all you can just refund it, however, after playing about 40 minutes of it I generally never thought about refunding it as I had so much fun.I played custom games with friends and those games were quite fun and were filled with laughter. The MMO servers were also great to play with competetive sword fights and quite tense 1 on 1 duals.BUTIt's quite unfortunate that you can be banned for team damage as it is difficultnotto hit your own team mates because the PvP is all over the place.Apart from that, I highly recommend this game if you are looking for a bit of fast PvP and some good old *** woopin' towards the other team.I rate this 8/10.(P.S ~ The console counter-part is called ""For Honour/Honor."")"
,Recommended,219640,24642806,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Cookie The Crossdresser,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, it's a great game, if you're prepared to die. I mean, from level 0 to 15, it's easy peasy hack and slash, but once you're past that, you'll have to join the ""regular"" servers. A lot of newbies still don't know how to play well and die constantly because the higher level people who have played this game for years now kill them instantly because of ""unfair exploits"" (aka drags, rainbows and other stuff). But the thing is, if the game was without that, 1v1 dueling wouldn't be as fun as it is now, without the so-called exploits people will only strike and block, block and strike, untill someone loses all his stamina. And since the newer players have never seen anything like that in the lower ranked servers, they'll instantly call it unfair and dislike the game. The community is thus divided into two, the lower ranked players who quit the game because of it's unfairness, and the higher ranked players who have played it for years now. People nowadays are too much into the stuff like CoD, that they forgot games can also can be hard, because there is a very high skill ceiling for Chivalry, and people don't get it.This game should be played like Call of Duty from level 0 to 15, but once you're done, it should be treated as dark souls.You will die.(I died. A lot.)"
,Recommended,219640,29108838,Posted: 7 January,all,Kikatu,"i like this game, so much fun. it feel like in real war. you can use ballista and catapult.it is hard to newbie but when you know how to play it, it will fun."
,Recommended,219640,29106787,Posted: 7 January,all,M'aiq the Nigga from Elsweyr,'tis pretty good
,Recommended,219640,34313919,Posted: 17 August,all,Lt Mentle,"Yo I heard you like swordsSeriously this game is pretty enjoyable.... but recently its been getting less popular I guess, but this game is still very much alive and the gameplay is great and is what you'd expect from a Medieval set game with sword dueling and bow shooting along with other neat features, so there really isn't much to say.. there's a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t sometimes, but meh as they sayBlame the lag?"
,Recommended,219640,24818693,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Ping Wang,Only fun when everyone on the enemy team sucks. 7.8/10
,Recommended,219640,24347685,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mr. Dear,8/10
76561198048227370,Recommended,219640,29146106,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,"The game is great. The community is a bit small, but it's pretty good size seeing as it's now four and a half years old. Sadly there is a rather large amount of toxic community members. Baring the downsides of the community, this game is great fun. Also, it has a good bit of customization, which I love."
,Recommended,219640,29153250,Posted: 9 January,all,Auggy,"Nothing like kicking back, relaxing, and slaughtering others, until you take a crossbow arrow to the mouth, then its game on."
76561198009979779,Recommended,219640,23009974,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,AmpleNickel4262,"Simply put: it's fun as hell. It's one of the best implementations of a sword/shield melee combat ever. And while I think the sounds, feedback and just the overall presentation of how I would imagine having a shield being pounded at full strength swing with a mace would feel, it's adequate and not my main contention. My main complain is I really wish the game had a single player campaign/story. That''s just me though, I love medieval times and a really great set of missions could have been made with these systems. But I haven''t played that much of it so can't comment on multiplayer player progression or if there even is any I can say the matches are fun as hell, have just the right amount of people and oh yeah, is fun as hell."
76561198154520470,Not Recommended,219640,14709067,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,flash,crap
,Recommended,219640,21615135,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,getdestroyedmindgames,"r u chivalrous, boicom mon down"
76561198076160689,Recommended,219640,21609016,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Komojo,Vote-kick simulator
76561198042488236,Recommended,219640,21597413,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,jruleall,"9/10Whats not to like, you got: blood, first person melee action, people telling you to ""come hither""."
76561197981795525,Not Recommended,219640,32238314,Posted: 7 June,all,PatMartins #Explosiveparty@UK,I got a refund on this because the controls were so goddamn bad. The block and kick only worked whenever they felt like it (AKA almost never).
,Recommended,219640,34000302,Posted: 3 August,all,MFW-MeepoRandom,"I was a kang and shieet, 10/10 would mace a peasant again"
,Recommended,219640,34064075,Posted: 6 August,all,The Italian,"It got a bit stale after a while, but so does everything else if you don't put it in an airtight container."
76561198073723687,Recommended,219640,29811021,Posted: 9 February,all,HelloTitty123,"This game is really brutal, i love it!"
,Recommended,219640,30453523,Posted: 11 March,all,Daddy Aiden gay,111.96 Thats how much I would've paid for 4 copys of the game but I got it on sale for about 10 bucks for all the games and holy truck the game is fun you should get it!
76561198066375512,Recommended,219640,24143777,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MasterRage,"im gona tell you a story about a knight in the days of old.For years he fought men young and old, taking castle after castlethen one day a new foe appeared the deadly annoying the ballerina knights.the spinning blades of cheapness then the knight dies!!!! ThE END10/10   its ok if you like ballerinas and a spam feast of sword and blood"
76561198200292113,Recommended,219640,20398688,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,"Matt ""The Goat"" Serra",♥♥♥♥in awsome
,Recommended,219640,34969452,Posted: 15 September,all,Xy,"Guys, before I start thisI want you guys to know, that this game is almost NA based.There are little to no asian servers in this game.other than that, lets goIt's a great game, especially for its genre (being a genreless genre lol)But yeah, if you want a medieval, first person war game, then this is the best it can get.UNLESS, there'll be a better game in the near future.I recommend this game, not much for Asians tho."
,Recommended,219640,34962000,Posted: 14 September,all,Murshull,da power metal game
,Not Recommended,219640,32654042,Posted: 22 June,all,Zygarde ツ - PTS,Bad Game
76561197985733125,Recommended,219640,10971425,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Pyroo,Awesome game
,Recommended,219640,11368150,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,CTRL,Dat learning Curve.... at best i kill one then die to another... if you are new you will prolly have a KDA of 0/20/20.. @~@
,Not Recommended,219640,35085567,Posted: 20 September,all,Cromulons,"Amazing game.. Horribly unoptimized.I have a gaming pc and I couldn't run this game on at least 30 fps. I had everything to low, I even put my resolution to the lowest possible and im only getting 17 fps.I can run games more demanding than this.Note: I used to be able to run this game 60fps flawlessly."
,Recommended,219640,34121168,Posted: 9 August,all,twitch.tv/FrogeTV,yes
,Recommended,219640,23450665,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Triple Chin Lord,Please Make Updates More Often I Enjoy This Game More Than GTA V Beacuse Its So Fun A Lot Of Blood And Brutality And It Requires Team Work ( not all of the time ;) )And Please Make Horde And Official Co-op Gamemode(but change something in it of course for examle remove giants)
,Recommended,219640,360238,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,Yuno,"Yes i like it! BRUTAL, BLOOD, CHOPPING HEAAAADS !! YAARRRRRRRRR6/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,8166666,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Jeem,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing buggy that you cannot play it and it has crappy graphics too
76561198100851076,Not Recommended,219640,16877518,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,ronwidjaja,Actually this is quite a fun game for such chaotic battle but...unfortunately it's just too chaotic for me imho. :(
,Recommended,219640,20513643,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Smoothie,For five bucks you basically get five years of goofing around with your friends on a deathmatch server of something to that extent. If you like games like team fortress two with a overall aspect that is more fun than skillful then this is the game for a you.10/10 Best melee game ever
76561198060948925,Recommended,219640,20514988,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,nordicfatcheese,"This game is very well done; it does one thing, and it does it really well.The combat is skill based and rewards timed attacks and blocks as well as accurate hits.There is a progression system which involves acquiring new weapons, but none of these weapons are blatantly overpowered and/or give experienced players a huge advantage over newer ones. Skill with your weapon is vastly more important than tier of that weapon. However, it should be noted that the majority of players are experienced and therefore good at the game, making it incredibly hard for a new player to learn the mechanics of the game. A bot mode is available (but honestly not very useful) for practice.The microtransactions are purely cosmetic.Map design and game design (that is, the design of the team objective and other game modes) are both done very well.I recommend the team objective game mode, it is the bread and butter of the game modes (free for all, team deathmatch, last man standing, and various other game modes are available as well).Bugs I have thusfar encountered (this will be updated if I find any game breaking bugs) have been mostly glitches in the bodies. For example, a corpse's teeth, fingers, and big toe might be suspended three feet above the ground, pulling parts of the body along with it.I have had a couple crashes occassionaly, which should not be ignored, but it has not happened enough to really get on my nerves. All the crashes happened while I was in the server browser, but more than that I cannot say about why they happened.UPDATE: These crashes have suddenly become very frequent and annoying. As for the cause, I still know nothing but that they always happen in the Server Browser. So watch out for that.The biggest thing to watch out for in this game is the community. The community is highly toxic, angry (that is, they tend to rage at the other team a lot), and generally rude. The general community insults, taunts, and harrasses each other at a level comparable to the community of League of Legends (for reference).I highly recommend you disable the chat in the options menu. That will solve most of your problems.However, be wary of random vote kicks. I have seen several people, and myself been, vote kicked for no apparant reason."
,Recommended,219640,20516260,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Rochey426,This is an AWESOME games that everybody should play
76561198089849045,Recommended,219640,20518047,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,El chapo,It even has a button to scream while you charge your enemies. 8/8
,Recommended,219640,20526233,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,ayy lmao top keks,"Still one of my favourite medieval games!If you like M&B games and other hack and slash, this game is probably for you.As I said, this game is like Team Fortress with Mount and Blade, purely awesome!Takes little to no time to master and get good at it, pretty enjoyable.The downsides to this game is limited content, a bunch of maps with diferent objectives, but there could be a lot more or it could be added from time to time. Customization is good but you unlock weapons fast and there aren't really alot to choose from, there could be more immersion in this game, aswell as more content and complexity. For that I awair patiently for a sequel of this game, which I'll probably purchase upon release! :)Totally reccomended."
76561197971194573,Recommended,219640,20526292,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Sonez,It's good.
,Recommended,219640,20507080,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Obi_WanCanDan,"Great game, love the combat system and online duels."
,Recommended,219640,20516485,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,cj55 noah myka,I like to stab.10/1 would stab again.
,Recommended,219640,32114166,Posted: 1 June,all,NikolA,"Price is too big ,gameplay is 6/10 ,it have much glithes ,but i was waiting for 90% sale and boght it"
76561198107223074,Recommended,219640,26062258,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,IgnemManus,"The game is great, its not perfect but its incredibly goodOk, let me get this out of the way:People cry about ""Microtransactions"" in the game, but you are never forced to buy anything nor will speanding money will give you an advantage buy-able items are PURELY cosmetic, i havent spent a dime on cosmetics and i still enjoy this game a lotNow about the game let me begin in the major points of the gamePros:No hand-holding mechanics: Your camera wont be locked to always aim the enemy or pushing buttons in a certain order to do a combo, you MAKE the combo with the main 4 or 6 different attacks all weapons haveSkill matters: As ridiculous as this sound, it makes sense the way you´re looking will affect the time a swing will land, most people confuse this with broken mechanics, both effectively using this method and blocking requires different degrees of practice you can totally tell the difference when fighting a new player against a skilled player, it´ll be a one-way massacre wich leads me to my next pointBalance: You might think that in a game where enough skill can turn a fight into a one-side massacre will be unbalanced but devs do some classic things about this, they make new player-only servers to prevent this they might be full as of now because of the 90% off means a large influx of neophytes but it does help a lot, be aware tho it wont fully prepare you against real pros if you want to fight those it´ll take a fair bit of time but will reward in the satisfaction of beheading that golden-hatted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that used to kill you 0 - 10Cons:Performance: While the game should run well in all systems, its not very optimized and framedrops can turn that amazing1v4 ez win into losing your head to a 2 meter sword before even noticing, expect some crashes here and there but never too annoyingBalance could use some tweaks: The vast majority of weapons are balanced to work very nice with damage/range/speed expect for 1 weapon: THE ♥♥♥♥1NG DAGGER! so far if a fairly-skilled person with it can counter most weapons on a high-level skill person, and personally i struggle an awful lot against this weaponThe game is unique in the genre and overall really good in the industry, combat slown down to facilitate the reading of swings and relying more on skill rather than real-life accuary but its still very accurate historically speaking, i would totally recomend this game and give it a nice 9/10 easily the best FPS meele combat gameoh and also.... FOOOOR AGATHA!!!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,26062257,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Nezzy,Great Game. THE TEAM KILL THOpls fix.
76561198025250930,Recommended,219640,26061919,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,SupahDupa,"The normal game is fantastic enough as it is, but you won't know the purest enjoyment of this game until you play capture the flag with 63 other players on a Star Wars modded server on a Halo CE map, anyone on the fence doesn't even need to think about it, this is a game made purely for having a crazy good time."
,Recommended,219640,20494212,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,juruo,gore.
76561198146060891,Recommended,219640,19804752,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,LG | Kami 神,its ok
76561198046414932,Recommended,219640,11761179,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,dcigs,I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants while playing this game. Get it.
76561198128464919,Recommended,219640,11542856,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Richard Sticky,"I've owned the game for 3 days and it is going on my top games of all time list.  The combat system is immersive, well thought out, and easy to pick up and play.  The controls are simple and easy to learn.  There are also low level servers so you don't have to worry about getting man handled by more experienced players.  I'm really kind of speechless because this game is so good.  Do yourself a favor and buy a copy for yourself and 3 for your friends like I did.  Its really that good."
,Recommended,219640,10771728,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Fawcks,"A disgusting ♥♥♥♥ing excuse for a ""game"". I'll be getting my money back one way or another."
76561198091989942,Recommended,219640,17054124,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,iCarpz,"Amazing game, amazing graphics and endless hours of fun.Recommending to all humans."
76561198072491224,Recommended,219640,11702825,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,~PootieTang~,Chiv=Life
76561198169038185,Recommended,219640,17956386,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Official @TitanOwl,IS AMAZING
,Recommended,219640,29041590,Posted: 5 January,all,Peil,"Got this game 90% off for $2.49  At that price, its worth it.  At full price, no.  Now don't get me wrong.  This is a fun game, but that fun will only last about 10 to 15 hours until you leave the noobie room.  Then it's hell.  You will be playing against people that have 1,000 hours under their belt and/or people that use hacks and never get caught.  Hackers are very hard to spot in this game as they just look like good players because they have high rank and only if you've used an aimbot before will you have the eye to spot them.  The other thing is that players that are good that are tired of the hackers will reset their accounts and go into the newbie rooms and dominate.  Maybe about 1 out of 3 games will have these type of players in the noobie rooms.This game will deliver frustration and if you're not willing to put in 500 hours to ""get good"" don't bother buying this."
,Not Recommended,219640,23837714,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,roadman shaq,ваще средневековиедаг а в н о
76561198091623623,Recommended,219640,16087766,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Weaponized autism,Iits a great game but way to much blood not saying its a bad thing
,Recommended,219640,1992530,"Posted: 25 February, 2013",all,Dizzy,This is the greatest game of the 13th century.
,Not Recommended,219640,20521773,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Rowbot,"Yeah.... after playing this a lot more, you realize what all the glitches are that people use to cheat the system and do more damage, have more reach, or pretty much not be able to hit them. If you play this and see some idiot spinning like a ♥♥♥♥ing beyblade... leave them alone or learn the asinine counter to it. Instead of fixing it, the devs .... they just don't even acknowledge it. I love the mechanics of the game when people play correctly, but as it stands... here's hoping Mirage: Arcane Warfare fixes the mistakes from this game. Pick this up on a heavy discount or not at all. It hurts to say that, because the game is fantastic, but a few flaws really bring it down."
,Recommended,219640,944763,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,Mata Leao,Epic
,Recommended,219640,17952041,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,FreeZey,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh - knight
76561198206303820,Recommended,219640,25681351,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Avi,The Star Wars game mode is the best
,Not Recommended,219640,26360241,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,N00BRUNNER,medieval beyblade buy For Honor instead
,Recommended,219640,21138241,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,☭☆ l0lad ☭☆,The hitboxes are bigger than the ♥♥♥♥ing fattest man in the world.
76561198063365585,Recommended,219640,23791362,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The_Q,"4.19$ .... alright... some day later... havent stopped playing this game.price 20/10great sword play.. 9/10ragdoll 9/10body mutalation 11/10emojes.. Yelling and taunting your enemys before engaging in the epic metal clashing sound bloody mess known as Chivalry.. 11/10but the game needs a little more debth in my taiste. but once you learn to watch for sniper dks, and learn to tell when someone is behind you when your in a 1v1 or so on is very fun...and remember watch your camra angles. and no when ablaze by pitch dont stop drop n roll just keep swinging. :D*small note when someone puts their dukes out ""fists"" ether fight them Duke to duke or let them be"
,Recommended,219640,33371447,Posted: 8 July,all,hellcase.com CSGO-CASE.COM,"This is a very cool Medvial game,You need teammwork to beat the Enemy and your also allowed to use catalaults.There is multiple classes and weapons you can pay for weapons that just LOOK diffrent but do not provide in-game advantages.The game is very cool and indeed NOT DEAD.9/10-You are allowed to Damage your teammates,which leads to some people intentionaly damaging and killing you."
76561198061832928,Recommended,219640,19954576,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,xanxiety,fun af
76561198155407778,Recommended,219640,13023970,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Vlad The Inhaler,it's okay. worth the $6.54 I paid for the Game That came with The Deadliest Warrior DLCBoth DLC and Game would have came to $38.99 so I feel I can't hate on it much. Definitely Would not have spend anywhere near that Price. Wait for a Large Sale. then buy.
,Recommended,219640,22519249,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Joost Buis,"Combat is pretty dank and watching people having there limbs cut off is like watching a quinten tarintino film ( ♥♥♥♥ing amazing but grousome ) Can get quite repetative and the servers are mostly empty or full , but apart from that decent game and is pretty cheap , defo worth getting ."
,Recommended,219640,24414147,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ImMoral,"It's buggy, it's glitchy and community is crazy hostile for newbies. 10/10 so much salt in this game <3 PS. did I mention easily exploitable game mechanics and laggy animations?"
76561198036035069,Recommended,219640,11483201,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,n8,its ok not as good as mount and blade tho 8/10
76561198058570278,Recommended,219640,14004466,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,GOKU,En general el juego es muy divertido y algunas acciones como gritar a tus enemigos al decapitarlos pueden llenarte de emoción. La acción es excelente y la variedad de objetivos en los niveles te dará muchas horas de diversión.Esta es una excelente elección para aquellos jugadores que quieran disfrutar de un multijugador agradable y sea amantes del combate cuerpo a cuerpo.
,Recommended,219640,16220241,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Lunat!c,"Hello! I´ll make this one short: You should get it, because: - Medieval, skill-based fighting - different mods (even fun mods) - nice community (even the old ones from the old mod) - funny tutorial - not pay-to-win -.....Haven´t even used it´s full potential yet! ^^ It´s either good for a quick match, or long gaming nights, especially with friends!"
,Recommended,219640,14099934,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,chizen00,good game for you if you think M&b isn't hardcore enough..
76561198077130981,Recommended,219640,14238147,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,☪Karaoglan43☪,"Oyuna ilk girdiğiniz an kendinizi çömez hissediyorsunuz.Ama oynaya oynaya alışıyorsunuz.Oyun şu anda steamda 39 TL'den satışa sunuluyor.Ve aldığı parayıda misli misline hak ediyor.Oyunu alın.Hiç vakit kybetmeyin.Çünkü oyunun ortaçağ atmosferi sizi hemen içine alıyor ve saatlerin nasıl geçtiğini anlayamıyorsunuz.Oyunda iki sınıf var Agatha ve Mason.Ama birbirlerinden hiç üstünlükleri yokOyunda 4 tane sınıf var.Her sınıfın kendisine has bir özelliği, artıları ve eksikleri var.İsterseniz kısaca bu özelliklere değinelim:ARCHERBu sınıf bildiğimiz ortaçağ okçusu.Yani takımın kıç kollayıcısı.Uzaktan düşmanları indirerek özellikle Team Objective oyunlarında -Birazdan oyun modlarındanda bahsedeceğim-baya iyi görevlerde bulunuyor. Çok çevik olan bu sınıf yakın dövüşlerde çevikliği kullanarak düşmanlarınızı alt edebilirsinizMAN AT ARMSBu sınıf ise hafif zırhlı piyade.Okçudan sonraki en çevik piyade.Hatta bu sınıfımızın en belirgin özelliği ise ALT+W,A,S,D tuşuna basarak -İnşaallah yanlıış hatırlamıyorumdur- anında o tarafa kıvarak bir manevra yapabiliyoruz.Kendisinin çevik ve kalkan taşıyabiliyor oluşu-Gerçi tüm sınıflar kalkan taşıyor- özellikle Team Objective oyun modlarında çok işe yarıyor.VANGUARDBu sınıfımız ise zırhlı piyade kategorisine girebilir.Bu sınıfımın en belirgin özelliği ise uzun kılıç taşıması ve belli bir süre hızlı koştuktan sonra saldırı tuşuna bastığınız zaman rakibe doğru ileri sıçrayarak kılıç sallaması.Cüssesine oranla çok çevik hareket eden vanguard özellikle tepelerdeki okçuları veya adamları temizlemede çok iyi işlev görüyor.Ve sınıflar arasındaki 3.en çevik sınıfmızda bu sınıf.KNIGHTBu sınıf ise ağır zırhlı piyade kategorisine giriyor.Takımın kas gücü olan Knıght bir nevi takımın taşıyıcısı rolünde.Kendileri çok yavaş olmasına rağmen tek vuruşta okçuları yatırabiliyor.Eğer 2-3 arkadaş beraber oynuyorsanız biriniz bu adamı alabilir geri kalan arkadaşlarınızda sizi kollayabilirse düşmanların canını çok sıkarsınızOYUN İÇİNDEKİ GELİŞTİRMELEROyundaki her sınıfın ilk başta kendsine has bir kılıcı var.Ve siz belli bir adam öldürerek bu geliştirmerle sahip oluyorsunuz.Örneğin okçu sınıfının ilk okunun menzili 20 metre -rakamı salladım- eğer siz bu okla 40 adam öldürseniz -salladım- menzil 40 metreye çıkıyor.OYUN MODLARISizlere üç tane oyun mdounu söyleyeceğim ki zaten bunlar en çok oynananlar1-Team Objective:Bu oyun modunda bir takım saldıran diğeri ise savunan oluyor.Örneğin saldıranların amacı defans yapan takımın kralını öldürmek.2-Team Deathmacth:Bu oyun modunda takımlar halinde savaş yapılıyor.Örneğin ilk 60 adam öldürme puanına ulaşan taıım kazanıyor3-Free For All:Bu oyun modunda herkes tek.Yani bir nevi gladyatör moduOYUN PUANLARISes:10/10Oynanış:10/9Grafik:10/8Oynanış:10/10"
,Recommended,219640,8346490,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Darkmoon Knightess,good
76561198092038386,Recommended,219640,27830417,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Red Machine,10/10 would slash limbs over and over again.
76561198060415114,Recommended,219640,20938912,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Life Is Good,"This game is the best medieval combat game around.And the deadliest warrior DLC is even better. its worth of every dirty f*cking sucking bloody-hard-earned sent you put in it m8! (in other terms, it's worth the cost if you didint realise that.) Chivalry is constanly updated, so it has no bugs at all and works perfectly. Far more realistic than pvk2. Has little to none hackkers. Easy and fun to play if you got the skill. And i aint talkking about warps, that is laughable thing for fat kids. it makes you look like anorectic aids penguin whit alcohol proboblem and trying to hit the same sex by jumpping and spinning in air like brick maker that has gotten a falling blick to his head and gone nuts. the only thing you get from warpping is making yourself look like a complete♥♥♥♥♥ Real men fight whit sword, not ankwardly dance whit it like little girls who dont know how many sides there are in a triangle. Grow balls&beard and learn how not to fight like a disgusting f*ggot.Owerall a good game, there isin't better one made in this game genre. i love it."
,Recommended,219640,32956833,Posted: 28 June,all,LelleN_TV,Fun!
76561197968357855,Recommended,219640,311344,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,Bonesjustice08,One word. Epic
,Recommended,219640,27138027,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raiden [GER],is good
,Recommended,219640,26983955,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪XXXTuPac_ 👌,its lit my nibba
,Recommended,219640,7565887,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Suxov (RavenZ),Super game
76561198078962041,Recommended,219640,25336663,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,anonymous,"I usually shy away from online gaming in general, but Chivalry sucked me in. Now to be sure, the online aspect is my LEAST favourite part of this game. I would actually prefer if they were a bunch of bots and I was playing alone, but despite the ""onlineyness"" of it, the core game is so enjoyable that I overlooked it, and there seemed to be much fewer idiots than in other online games - perhaps because the skill and perseverence required to master it is much higher."
76561198330764870,Recommended,219640,31716293,Posted: 12 May,all,Road to silver four :P,a community more toxic than counter strike
,Recommended,219640,31736341,Posted: 13 May,all,NIB,Very  enjoyable game! 9/10
76561198119198788,Recommended,219640,31775006,Posted: 15 May,all,Kawaii Hitler,.
76561198126877062,Recommended,219640,31793357,Posted: 16 May,all,Killall-TK,Good!
,Recommended,219640,17398494,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Winters,TSAKWSTE TO!
,Recommended,219640,20317996,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,It's like I fear death but also,I hear the in-game screams when I sleep at night
76561198065559785,Recommended,219640,31714481,Posted: 12 May,all,Kaladin Stormblessed,"Tons of fun, just an all around solid hack and slash with some mean archery mixed in.  Like a modern warfare with swords, axes, maces,  flails, bows, crossbows, and spears.  OOOOhh don't forget the ballistas lol"
76561198065347045,Recommended,219640,31722537,Posted: 13 May,all,Kaiser kitten,The only way to settle disputes with friends is by a duel in this game.So I give it a 2/10 seeing as I always lose.......
,Recommended,219640,31730445,Posted: 13 May,all,Sanithur,"Now that I've played it a bit I can tell that Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is simply awesome. It is the first game of its kind so there obviously are some flaws like body feinting (dragging). The feature is for good and takes some time to master, but the animations on them are quite laggy. You could also say that health regeneration is a bit too fast in CMW, but that is totally opinion-dependant.The community on certain server is highly toxic but that is easily avoided by choosing different servers. All things considered CMW has a unique player experience for offer. You should give it a try before Mordhau comes out."
76561197993961974,Recommended,219640,31830917,Posted: 18 May,all,Vq.| Luke Skywalker of [USA],"I love this game. Its my favorite game of all time, until Mordhau comes out in March 2018. Heavily skill based game, definitely not for casuals."
76561198008428169,Recommended,219640,12125136,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Gen | Cyanide,Good game.
76561198045525910,Recommended,219640,17741953,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,BigDaddyCruiser,> See teammate getting bullied by two enemies> Rush in to help with claymore> massive swing> kills both enemies with one blow> swing goes wide> also kills teammate> AGAATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198044404037,Recommended,219640,30962688,Posted: 5 April,all,quakedisruptor,A tale of two tribesArmed with long knivesShouting and screaming and taking their livesWith my sword I missedYou raised up your fistAnd punched me so hard my head no longer exists
,Recommended,219640,31814329,Posted: 17 May,all,Windfs ( ͡O ͜ʖ ͡O),cos sometimes u just need to fight other dudes online with battleaxes and♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,31815142,Posted: 17 May,all,Bunny,the aspect of being a fisrt person samurai is soo awesome
76561198008926659,Recommended,219640,29747378,Posted: 6 February,all,jorgepichu_n,"-Got it in a Steam summer/winter/easter/every♥♥♥♥ingholyday sale for 3 bucks-Respawn, see 8 guys in kneews looking for something in the ground-One of them says ""I lost my keys around here"". Everybody continues seaching.-After 5 minutes in wich I was involved too, the guy says ""here are!!!!. Thank you for helping me""-Everybody says in the chat ""you are welcome""-Then we went to take a whole ♥♥♥♥ing castle.10/10"
,Recommended,219640,31706708,Posted: 12 May,all,Finkle Panfe,"Very fun game, solo or with friends.That being said, the AI is not the greatest and objective based game modes will not run the greatest solo with bots. Otherwise, just load a deathmatch game with a ton of bots, and swing a sword like crazy. Its even more fun with friends with voice chat as everyone wants to do their best PVK viking sound effects while murdering everyone.Controller support leaves a bit to be desired though as the mapping left out the throw weapon button.Would decapitate friends again 9/10"
76561198061044100,Recommended,219640,31694153,Posted: 11 May,all,Shovel knight,eh
,Recommended,219640,31816190,Posted: 17 May,all,Paint Paw,It's 2012's scream and dismemberment simulator
,Recommended,219640,21619396,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,RenegadeMario,"WARNING!!!! If you are a impatient person you are gonna regret bying this because after rank 15 you will have to join high ranked servers and the players there are gonna destroy you. Period.Anyway the game is fun,the gameplay is smooth and there many mods and maps constantly being made by the community     so i highly recommend itP.S. Please forgive me if i did any grammar mistakes because english is my second language"
76561198092617486,Not Recommended,219640,16967648,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Lady Tsunade,This game is so laggy can't play for♥♥♥♥♥♥ fps is horrible.
76561198045544429,Recommended,219640,29215749,Posted: 12 January,all,Puj,Hackin' and wackin' and smackin'
,Recommended,219640,29214472,Posted: 12 January,all,Dalek,"I thought this game was hard but then I played it, It turns out 90% of the community is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible at their game, So grab a spear and poke it up some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s boys."
76561198097459655,Recommended,219640,29217358,Posted: 12 January,all,Pioneer,The combat in Chivalry is the best I've seen in a video game besides Kingdom Come: Deliverance (not released yet).
76561198065624916,Recommended,219640,29225568,Posted: 13 January,all,Isahn,FAGATHAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,219640,29148848,Posted: 9 January,all,blyat,TOO ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME
,Recommended,219640,29145049,Posted: 9 January,all,VASPO,So much fun especially when u play with friends *~*
,Recommended,219640,29151944,Posted: 9 January,all,Delta 2-1,Its a pretty psychotic game. But you should get it when its on sale.
,Recommended,219640,14732954,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,greedomorph,"10/10 would rate 10/10, but seriously...IS IT WURF? yamand"
76561197981441664,Recommended,219640,34629507,Posted: 31 August,all,VERIFIED ALT RIGHT,a game where you spend more time being teamkilled than killing yer foes
76561198148462925,Recommended,219640,21164254,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,IceCold5620,good game
,Recommended,219640,3948456,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,xKillerbees,Yes and yes
76561198099984579,Recommended,219640,25277814,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ivar the shinigame,this game is truly a masterpiece it's fun and challenging but it is hard to truly sort out the noobs from the truly experienced players because any noob can rainbow (reverse overhead) and do crazy ammounts of dammage while experienced players can combo and combine a large array of attacks and fend off a good ammount of enemy but if someone comes along and shoots you with a bow or you get rainbowed you are toast in addition to you can max out your dpi and preform much better which is very unfair all in all it is a really fun game that does take some time to get used to but can be frustrating at times
76561198086968012,Recommended,219640,20628983,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Sean P!,very good game but too many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who do 360 degree ♥♥♥♥ing death hits that are completely unblockable and ♥♥♥♥ your day very good gore
,Recommended,219640,20623040,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,BlisteredBlood,"It's no secret as to what this game is marketing itself as: A Call of Duty clone, but it isn't made by Treyarch or Activision. Shocker! Even more shocking, is the fact that this game instead pits you as either a member of the Agatha Knights or the Mason Order. Blue and Red, nothing new there. But yet, this game seems to change the way the modern FPS is played, by instead of having everyone run around with guns, you instead carry weapons like swords, axes, bows, quarterstaffs and all that other good stuff that can really put a hurting on someone, depending largely on what class you're playing as and what you're up against.But where this game really shines is its combat mechanics, where you can either psyche out your opponent into blocking when you wind your character's body differently to either slow your attack or speed it up, feint or even aim a swift or hard kick into their gut to keep them off balance. The same can also be said in terms of defense, so it's not all bad news there, for positioning your body differently can be a major life saver in dodging a sideswipe or sidestepping to get out of the way of an overhead attack from behind. And that's another thing, too. You absolutely have to keep your wits about you, for one careless swing or mistimed block can and will get you decimated rather quickly. One other protip I can offer is that it's also imperative to move with everybody else, as charging in all alone can get you killed just as quickly. But other than that, what do I think of this game as a whole package?Frankly, I'm a little disappointed that there some forms of microtransactions in order to get different weapons, but I'm not going to harp on it too much, since it's relatively cheap. The music is a blast to listen to, for it's just enough to get your mind ready for the battles ahead to the critical points in a matchup. There's also plenty of match variety, so you're not just stuck with one matchtype. And if that's not enough for you, you can also snatch up the Deadliest Warrior DLC - entirely optional - and from there, you can prove who's the toughest of them all.Now, would I recommend this game? Of course, I would! Is this game any better than most modern FPS's? Not really, since the Single Player AI can be downright... Well... Stupid. But what this game lacks is more than made up for with intense swordplay, sweeping music and everything else in between.Oh and one more thing. Always bull rush archers. ♥♥♥♥ those arrow-slinging ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,219640,20634478,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Crusty Cob,"As if beheading filthy peasants isn't enough fun, this game allows you to hunt down various sorry folk (they like to call themselves archers) with other team members (usually at least 5) to slice their puny little faces from their necks and dance upon their dead body afterwards! One of the best FPSlasher games there is."
,Recommended,219640,12892812,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Big Mean Pumpkin King,MAKES ME FEEL LIKE A KNIGHT........But not a cool one.......one that gets killed A LOT ><
,Recommended,219640,19167528,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,DA| Dark バ,"RRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! *takes arrow to the head*11/10 - IGN ""Would die yelling ( GARRHHRH!! ) again."""
76561198092230238,Recommended,219640,8597811,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Georgie,"Great game. Really, um, detailed."
76561198242065410,Not Recommended,219640,24395939,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Commander Francis,BOOOOOOOOORING
,Recommended,219640,28239624,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,OVIR,best medieval first person game :)
,Recommended,219640,26032933,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,loxiast,"Its steam sale for 3,19 euro(including the Deadliest Warrior DLC) this game is one of the best deals you can get!"
76561198201341410,Recommended,219640,26054555,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,PogoHomo,fejn giera nawe luks mozNa poocuzc sie jak w starrorzytnych czasa sh gdzie rcyerze walczyli ze sobom oraz walczenie na zamakch naprawe super gra zagrajceie sobie ze znAjommyi i sami se zobaczycie gra szybko sie sciaga
,Recommended,219640,26053771,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Mr.Rental,"Although it's a ""rather old"" game, it's still extremely enjoyable.Yes, you do come across a crowded server once in a while and yes you doneed to say ""Sorry"" every 15 secounds, but who cares.420/11Also, you can annoy people sitting on the loo."
,Recommended,219640,26033511,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,کҜ | dawn,i've had worse.
,Recommended,219640,28240431,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Hello..Hades..,great game that give me my  midevil fun
76561198068670881,Recommended,219640,28252351,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Ralphthemexican,"I been playing this for 2 or 3 years now if not more,i thought its time i put a review :P only thing i got to say his thats its still the best game of its kind and it will take a long time before we get a great fithing game like this, its still has fun then it was when i started it, i say this game his a must have in your collection if you like medieval fighting and like a game that you really need to pratice your personnal skills to get good at it, cause no mather the weapon you have or character the only thing that will help you his how much you practiced with them, its ♥♥♥♥ing aswome its one of the only game i keep coming back too that his always has fun has the first time and that you can always get better at it and things you must expect his to get teamkilled alot but its really rare that it will be vonlontary its always a case of you getting infront of a guy that has started his swing or noobs that mistake you for the other gagne and other ways but its never volonteer"
76561198071253139,Not Recommended,219640,16727731,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Turbo Virgin,Vanguard is way OP. Everyone plays him so dont get it unless you can tolerate it.
,Not Recommended,219640,18519108,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Smepp,"HIGHLY DO NOT RECCOMEND ~I used to enjoy this game until it needed major fixes~This game feels as though it is an unfinished product. People can simply spin around in circles and destroy anyone no matter what. The glicthes are endless, and physics are as though a child made this on a cracked version of some game designing software thats worth $10. People can hit a wall across the map and somehow manage to decapitate you if your playing the black knight mod. Also, in my experiance, your swings never follow through, almost as if your fainting the opponent but your not. Hit boxes also seem to need improvement, as I have been killed by a guy who wasn't aware that I was behind him, and he swung in front of him to attack some one else. I died, even though he didn't turn around slightly.This used to be one of my favorite games but I cannot reccomend this game until it gets fixed like it used to be."
76561198335193170,Recommended,219640,29651165,Posted: 2 February,all,hemere,+rep The best player+rep Good player+rep Good booster+rep Good teammate+rep The best clutcher+rep Nice clutcher+rep Very good awp+rep So goodness+rep Best M4A1-S player+rep VACSHOTS ALL GAME!!+rep Vac man+rep Deagle master+rep Best AK-47 player+rep God of Gods+rep Please teach me how to play this game+rep Best player+rep Very nice player+rep Very good teamplayer+rep Nice WH+rep Nice Aim
,Not Recommended,219640,16432860,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Leon the Loner,"Not balanced, floaty controls, and pointless moves and mechanics.  If you catch it for $5 and under it might be worth it to you if you're really interested.,You play the tutorial and you think ""hey this seems cool"" then you get to online. Between ping and floaty as ♥♥♥♥ controls it's damn near impossible to do a damn thing.Heavy class has the longest, widest swings, can take a million hits, and even when the lightest class runs away you can swing faster than they can get away, and if you do get away they can jump dash to you and one hit kill.When you parry that should leave people open to your flurry of slashes, but instead you just get locked in a pattern of trading slashes (no matter the class, the speed of the slashes are just about identical, so the lighter class dies) or constantly parrying. The aiming of the throwing weapons, the artilary, and anything ranges is just horrible.The animations don't lend themselves to making things feel fluent, or the way you throw. If you'd played skyrim and you do a heavy attack, where the character doesn't seem to have a real wind up they just hold the weapon to the side and then you do a move that looks slow and choppy, every move is just like that. It feels horrible.The thing that needs to happen is a revamp of at least the first person animations, Don't make the heaviest class the only real choice, and give the turn times some kind of control. Turn up the DPI and ♥♥♥♥ing hurricane that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198027678137,Not Recommended,219640,18540222,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Critical_BOOM,I heard about this game from word of mouth. I thought it would be amazing!  It's not. That's a bummer too. I was looking forward to this game.Pros:-Team Death match is Chaotic fun-Choppin' heads & arms off-It's a medievil gameCons:-MOST OF THE ITEAMS ARE BEHIND A PAYWALL!!!!-New players will have a tough time playing. Due to being placed in matches with  more veteran players-Micro-transactions
76561197978203097,Not Recommended,219640,16434983,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,WonKers,"Picked this up as part of the summer sale event. The sword combat is awesome, the back and forth between two players is epic. However be prepared to be killed 70% of time by friendly fire. Waaaay waaaay to many idiots swinging their sword wildly running into your epic 1v1 duel with an enemy.Heres a common senario: You and your buddy both attacking the same target, he lunges, you swing at the same time. His blow lands first killing the enemy but yours is still in mid swing. You dont react quick enough and your swing connects with your team mate's head. Now his headless corpse falls to the ground. O.O oops. Little box pops up with your name and a vote to kick you for team damage/kill.Why there is even team dmg at all in this game is beyond me. Nothing better than charging into combat with 75% of your health gone because of team mates.  I could see that it would prevent zerg swarming enemies but thats it. Also....... Connection issues/hitbox/lag and so forth.... in a precision sword/shield combat game like this teleporting enemies are a real headache. Often I would find myself in a 1v1 fight and we both swing, its clear that I am going to get the first hit, seeing how my mace is 2 inches from his head and hes still in mid swing. Then you head explodes, his hit has somehow connected first and he has also taken zero dmg because it show emeies health bar after they kill you.I could see this game having a lot of potential in competitive matches but its a mess in large public severs with zero ping cap."
76561198044704156,Not Recommended,219640,16631060,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Halonachos,"Attack animations abused to make slow attacks faster, check.360 noscoping with warhammers, check.Half the times you press a button it will fail to respond, the other half of the time it will fail to respond on time. Either way the controls are rather pointless, the speed mentioned in the classes is pointless due to the chase mechanic allowing the slowest to rather easily catch up to the fastest class.Half the time you use a shield to block it seems that the opponent's weapon will go through it anyways, riposting is nearly impossible, and overall the core mechanics of this game are flawed by stun locks, useless stagger moves, and more nonsense than an ancient aliens documentary."
76561198059188946,Not Recommended,219640,16888649,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,[WTC]xXx1_800_g3T_RekT_SkruBxXx,PURE CRAP
76561198150424443,Recommended,219640,18541358,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Gilbert Gottfried,Very unique and fun exspirience for anyone really
,Not Recommended,219640,16473490,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ushumann,It's a fun game when people aren't abusing the♥♥♥♥♥♥mechanics with reverse overheads and all.Plus the devs just like adding skins and making money. Who would've thought.
,Not Recommended,219640,28361813,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MrMince,Fun for the first few hours as your in servers with other low levels but after that you get matched up with guys who just play man at arms or vanguard all the time and it stops being fun.Don't expect to play this game for a while.
76561198013155706,Not Recommended,219640,16442564,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Cybernetic Penguin,"I paid $2.50 for this on sale, only to find out that to make any custom classes (literally ANY)  I need to drop $ 25 on DLC.  This is a micro-transaction (pay to win) game posing as a complete multiplayer game.  Apart from that, I was promised severed limbs and decapitation, neither of which occurred when I hacked an archer to death. Plus, the combat system and backstory are much superior in War of the Roses.   0/10 buyers remorse."
,Recommended,219640,16390831,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BitSane,It's like skyrim with swords.
,Not Recommended,219640,18684296,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,[ATW]Heisenberg,"В этой игре отсутствует оптимизация, Из-за этого игра становится не играбельной. Не советую покупать данную игру !"
76561198158275802,Not Recommended,219640,27248117,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,_Choppedjunk,"This game is pretty awful after rank 15. If you dont want to hop around like a ballerina, do not buy this. It is definitly not worth $25 and has a suprising lack of content. After you make your way down a weapon branch you are halted in all weapon progress and cannot level weapons or anything, so the game suddenly runs into a significant lack of point and will dissapoint you.It can be fun on the occasion of having friends play 1v1s with you in private servers. I would only recommend buying this game if it was on sale."
76561197987186201,Recommended,219640,8270451,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,D3M3NT3D,CHIVALRY: Deadliest Warrior !!! This is absolutely one of my favorite games of all time. I haven't had this much fun on a multiplayer game since quake 2 (which is the reason I bought a PC way back when...) and I've played every major game out there since. All I want is more and more head explosions!!The graphics and game play are good on an old Pentium Dual Core E5300 2.6 GHz system and FN SWEET on AMD FX(tm)-6300 six-core 3.5GHz system. The shadows are mesmerizing and the stock voice chants are just funny enough to make me laugh everytime... hours and hours of pure and satisfying slaughter to share with your friends...and enemies!!! It's well worth the money.
,Recommended,219640,17880303,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,A Large Wallaby,"So there's this Early Access title called Killing Floor 2 that seems more complete andlessbuggythan this game and obviously Tripwire Interactive, the developers of Killing Floor felt bad for Torn Banner because people keep complaining that the game is broken and the combat devolves beneath games like Mount & Blade which look worse but play better. And I agree with these people, but I have a small bias against the claim, which isTom Banneris literally the best thing that has happened since Harold Lott. He spews Olde English memes and comes with a weapon that is more or less a reskin (although it promises more effort than Torn Banner's partnership content which were completely cosmetic reskins that don't even look good or make any sense) and considering the game was on sale for $5 at the time, the same asking price for a character pack from the original Killing Floor, nothing of value was lost.I would rate this game a 3.5/10 but I too feel bad for Torn Banner so adding Killing Floor 2's 9/10 and then averaging the two brings this game up to a 6.25/10 meaning I have to recommend it. (Get in on sale i/p)"
,Recommended,219640,18650430,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,"Demonic ""Nelly"" Elf","It's a fun game with unique mechanics, a decent community, and not too many bugs.Gameplay : 9/10 - interesting and funGraphics : 7/10 - decent textures, quite stableMusic: 3/10 - repetitive and unoriginal, turn it off and play your ownCommunity 6/10 - good enough, for new players more experienced players will be quite a thorn in your side, not as bad of a skill gap as what you would find in a fighting game where it is absolutely impossible to even have a chance. Even at lv 0 if you just lmb you can kill some semipro players if you group up on them."
76561198087937934,Not Recommended,219640,12742059,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Aлександр Cидоров,this game oh...HAHAAHA.Funny story.I didnt like this♥♥♥♥♥♥2♥♥♥♥♥♥♥WORDS                                     INSTA DEATH
76561198041856810,Not Recommended,219640,13041404,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,grim reaper,♥♥♥♥♥YOU ON LEL 0 WEN START AND GET BUT IN WITH LEL 30 FROM START SO ALL YOU DO IS DIED ALL THE TIME♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME
,Recommended,219640,7432229,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,[☯] Namali,Sooo much fun.
,Recommended,219640,10458999,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Galahad,"While this game isn't for everyone, Chiv's wacky violence and great community is something that many can enjoy. You probably won't have a great K/D (believe me on that), and at times the game is frustrating, but I would reccomend this game to anyone who likes violent games. It's a real break from all the lackluster shooters out right now. This is probably the world's #1 first person slasher (FPS).P.S. If you try out Medieval Warfare and have some extra mullah laying around, you should try the expansion DLC (Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior). It is tons of fun, has better graphics, is more polished, and is has more variety than Chiv. Each class is uniquely different, with unique abilities, animations, etc. (Duel weilding, shield throwing, and combat rolls are just some of the new awesome additions.)"
,Not Recommended,219640,16751110,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,The Adventurous Proctologist,"Laggy, floaty, slow. Not fun"
76561198111444979,Not Recommended,219640,16431230,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,The Iron Maiden,"I expected something entirely different when getting this game, honestly. I could see how it'd be fun for some people, but I saw it as a Call of Duty/Battlefield type game set in Medieval times, which sounds like a good idea, until you come to find some character classes are wildly superior to others, and you might die as soon as you spawn, repeatedly."
,Recommended,219640,29910523,Posted: 13 February,all,GenkiB,"Fun, casual medieval deathmatch!"
,Recommended,219640,10192258,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,[Sample Text],Game is essentially a shouting simulator. I love every second of it 7.3/7.3 evel chickenmin
,Recommended,219640,7437298,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Lord Loud,Super crazy game with gore great fighting mechanics and good graphics. A must buy on pc
,Not Recommended,219640,19445830,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Coral,"Get ready for best review EU+NA*Cough* So basically I have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of hours in this game so you would probably think that I love this game...well you are wrong I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game. So you may ask ""But Coral AKA best knight eu+na why do you have so many hours if you hate it?"" and the answer my padwans is that this game was not always so ♥♥♥♥♥♥. This game was the best game I had and it was my main game back in 2012 (glory days of chiv). The mechanics were Urghmazing the community was LEGIT the servers were top kek and it was well polished and fluid. Also nice thing about 2012 was feints were readable or much easier to read. So it was all gud n♥♥♥♥♥♥until the worst day of my gaming life occured :""( the day that the era of updates began. The devs of this game who had created this amazing game suddenly thought to themselve ""hey lets spam our loyal fan base with horrible updates for the lolz of it"" and slowly but surely this game envolved into a game of utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥ness and toxicity. These updates pretty muched ♥♥♥♥ed this game in the♥♥♥♥♥and its community. Somewhere in 2014 a rather large update was released that pretty much changed everything (it was the one where a new crosshair was included) the animations became♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the graphics seemed to be ♥♥♥♥♥ier, and everything was just ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. Somewhere along the way feints became nightmares. SKIP TO CURRENT DAY CHIV. So no we are here let me give a run down of what game we have. We have a game that has: horrible mechanics, horrible feints, horrendous exploits, dank weps, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community, and no comp scene what so ever. I cannot blame the players that the comp scene is dead for it is a joke now. My last scrim I did I realized the extent of what chiv comp had become because in the kendo not a single person blocked or tried to read the enemy team (and quite a large amount of our team) they just did reverses when the other guy started a windup. And a great point I want to mention that I heard about from tyguy (rumored to be best shield user after Coral) is that the devs have become greedy money seeking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I support this by the ♥♥♥♥♥torm of sales and free weekends (aimed at bringing noobs in to buy the skins) which brings in influxes of players. These huge influxes disrupt servers and fills them wit people who just lmb anything they see including the team they are on. This results in TO and other pub modes being impossible to play and duelyards are left wit level 0s joining every 15 sec ffaing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the server. I just feel like this game is one big bug and the devs are just interested on releasing horrible updates and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skins to get peoples money instead of fixing games. FINAL THING: last reason why I do not recommend this game is that IT WILL RUIN YER LYFE!!! To get good or anywhere near good you have to invest a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of hours and it has to be consistent (you cannot play for a bit one week and expect to come back the next as good as before) and in the end it will not even matter as people just gamble and use sow and feint. But if you do get this game I am sorry for you."
,Recommended,219640,35215675,Posted: 25 September,all,Tooldealer,People abuse me because I use feint.
76561198082320766,Recommended,219640,7004908,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Elmo went mad,this. game. is. amazing.
,Recommended,219640,13922694,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,tali,"Good game, Bad community. 8/10"
76561198057886486,Not Recommended,219640,23028030,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Wolfharth of the Jam,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare:Originally a promising remake of the Source mod ""Age of Chivalry"" it was impressive. Not only did it fix many of the flaws that AoC had, but it also was (arguably) more fun that AoC ever was. However, everything changed when the unbalanced classes attacked.Only Torn Banner, master of developers, could stop them.But when the world need them most, they vanished.100 years later I discovered a new game, a game called Mordhau.Though it's fighting was great, it had a lot to learn before it could overtake Chivalry.But I believe.. Mordhau could save the world.(Seriously though check out Mordhau)"
76561198119666298,Not Recommended,219640,29237418,Posted: 13 January,all,CHUBBY_BUDDY,Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. More like Back Break Simulator!
76561198254731264,Not Recommended,219640,29456328,Posted: 23 January,all,Twitchy,"It's a good idea, but as it stands, this game blows chunks. Physics are junky, arenas are boring. Looks like porpoise hork etc. Overpriced.4/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,18492581,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,UltraViolence,unfortunately the physics of the game allow people to fight in ways that aren't possible. you can start a swing and jump and rotate your mouse insanely fast and create a windmill of death. kills it for people that don't want to abuse flaws in the gameplay design.
,Recommended,219640,23125341,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mooshi,i think this game is AMAZING you should get it
,Recommended,219640,5983018,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,PaulDoymin,7/10
,Recommended,219640,24718740,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Nikker,"""I have defeated you, worthy advesary!""""Tis but a scratch!""""A scratch? Your arms off!""""no it isnt""""whats that then?""""... I've had worse""""you liar!""""well now, come at me you pansey!""-Monty Python, Quest for the holy grail"
,Recommended,219640,14656870,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BrokenDoop,This is good game.
76561198054294599,Not Recommended,219640,13046395,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,NazareeM,running into the same ragers is on the menu .
76561198098223615,Recommended,219640,14010002,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Vladi,"Best ""Writing sorry into the chat after killing your teammate"" simulator 11/10 - ""Could be better"",IGN"
76561197970491665,Recommended,219640,20450645,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,maleficarus™,"Great game, better if you bought it on a steam sale!"
76561198122538856,Recommended,219640,20449623,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,atomicwonder,I absolutely love this game my only problem is you have to buy most of the content
,Recommended,219640,20453839,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dj_Khaled_Woo,Chivalry represents the art of 360 slashes that knights did in the medieval age. 8/8 realism 2 strong
,Recommended,219640,20446585,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Jose Stalin,Screaming simulator.Press C.I dare you.
76561198111676151,Recommended,219640,20460401,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Pharoah Intel,"Do you like my sword, sword, sword my swinging sword, sword. Imma chop your head off then I will get bored bored. I can swing a sword sword. I can swing a sword sword. Swinging is my business and by that I mean swinging swords. You know I am th-*decapitation* CRAP..........well time start over. FROM THE TOP!!!! Do you like my sword, sword, sword my swinging sword."
,Recommended,219640,20473736,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Ron Cheedle,"Lots of problems: Terrible community, bugs, poorly optimized (the maps are at least twice the size of their actual playable area!), and microtransactions of all things. If you can get past the bad though, the good is pretty good. I can't think of a better first-person medieval multiplayer combat game out there."
76561198063103750,Recommended,219640,20478885,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Soldier,"Game is free all the time, why are you reading my BS review"
76561198042530652,Recommended,219640,20463159,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Johnny 5*,Become VanguardRun around in circles until charge popsdo 360's until i hear an enemy nearbyone hit him b/c i am amazingrepeat
,Recommended,219640,20463230,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,BiLLy,"This game is very realistic, with great mrdieval graphics. The funny part is that there is a few training bots with professor Snape in Harry Potter voices. I will grade it 9.5/10. The other 0.5 is due to some multiplayer problems."
76561198099440109,Recommended,219640,20464351,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Specktral,"""Like Skyrim with guns without the guns"" - IGN"
,Recommended,219640,20466384,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,One Man Apocalypse,its a good game. viva lavida
,Recommended,219640,20466667,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,intense_butt_stabber,This is the good game. Why? Because here its BLOOD MEAT and u hear  only AAAAAAA!!11!! 9/10
,Recommended,219640,20481758,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Zenodorus,Awesome medieval melee action :D
76561198262456141,Recommended,219640,22080916,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,play like masai,this game is cool but the multiplayer rooms sucks.You are 3 rank and you play vs 30 rank.the game have a few players.if it is more cheaper or more sales this game would have more players
,Recommended,219640,12919838,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,cha0tic^,this game is so awesome its a first person shooter and a 3d person what can be better everthing is so great on from decapitated heads and limbs sperating from your body my favorite part is the awesome update THE SAGA OF THE CRYPT  probably one of my favorite updates of all time i definately recommend this game for all the people who like 1st person and 3d person and always have a great day all you gamers on steam!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,2259050,"Posted: 5 March, 2013",all,SkinHouse.lt - Gvazdas,"Big, armored sweaty men poke at each other with sharp, rusty sticks. What MORE can you ask for? BUY THIS NOW."
76561198142945216,Recommended,219640,23074603,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Thompson Man,10/10 screaming simulator
,Recommended,219640,10277135,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Reignswolf,"Decapitation-fest, & screaming simulator. What more could you ask for?+ Awesome combat+ Fun objective modes+ Good community+ Classes with unlockable weapons+ Hysterically funny laughs- Small bugs in need of fixing- Need to fix weapon damages- DLC required for armors"
76561198035566951,Recommended,219640,20631372,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Brotherhood Of Blood,Insanely fun to play...great gameplay...lots of playstyles...great community...YOU GET TO BE A REAL KNIGHTwhat more could somebody ask?? join the noble fight!!
,Recommended,219640,20628067,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,[SBE] Sha Nay Nay,"This game is fun if you enjoy chopping people's limbs off or getting your own head chopped off. While I only have 11 hours on this game, I don't know why I don't put more into it. The whole point of the game is to correct yourself and to learn from mistakes. While you cannot prevent being torn apart by 3 enemies at once, you can make good habits in-game to prevent yourself from dieing. I like to try to move the mouse wheel in different ways, it seems to change the way I swing my sword. It's competitive to an extend but can be brutal.You can choose between 4 classes, Archer, Man-at-arms, Vanguard (my personal preference), Knight.Each has there benefits and weaknesses, Archer having no armor and Knight having the most. Keeps the game fun, I suggest finding your preference but it's fun to switch it up."
76561198057511824,Recommended,219640,28929604,Posted: 1 January,all,RedKnightTemplar,Learned what dragging was.Became a drag queen.Still lost.10/10 would lose a duel again.
,Not Recommended,219640,23076571,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,❤Hentai❤,"Its fun, at some points but it will anger you if you are not a good at it. Forget that say you are a god you get all the kills. Well if you are like me, then after owning for 2 rounds this game becomes really unfun as you feel there is no use playing. Even playing in a 40 player match you feel very alone at some points even clahing swords next to other people. Its fun when played with friends but not just one thats gets boring quick too. You need a group over all i do not recommend this is not a game you will spend a lot of time in."
,Recommended,219640,23714863,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,CompletelyDeaf,This is a very good game apart from:-The noobs that team kill everyone-the team full of archers-and the 306 axe swings that somhow hit you everytime
,Not Recommended,219640,26343541,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,F🅰G💯,Too many dancing ballerinas spinning around and hitting you from crazy angles.
,Not Recommended,219640,10191255,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,stranded,"This game use to be fun until the new UI came , than everyone is just a lamebrain."
,Recommended,219640,13531786,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sinistral,Pretty fun when you get the hang of the strikes down but it's frustrating early on. The new crypts map is great for practicing with different weapons.Skip Deadliest Warrior. Very few players and not as many game types.
,Recommended,219640,35250675,Posted: 27 September,all,Chad Kensington,to ez
,Not Recommended,219640,10292671,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Compassion Milkshake,"The developers of Chivalry: Medieval Warfare have been killing the game steadily since launch. They have practically refused to fix bugs and problems but continued to make updates to worsen the gaming experience. The controls and mechanics have been unreliable from the beginning, and the hit boxes are among the worst in multi-player gaming. If it wasn't bad enough, they then released the idiotic Deadliest Warrior DLC for $15. Performance, stability, and the technical aspects of the game are also well below standard, leaving much to be desired overall.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is mediocre."
,Recommended,219640,11048201,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,JorReno,Banned for being 'too much of a pirate'. No regrets.10/10
,Recommended,219640,13022321,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,DoubleDipin,This game simulates old time combat! its fricken awsome esspecialy with all the modes and characters to choose from like a pirate or spartin to even a knight or vikings!
76561198124394677,Recommended,219640,33796267,Posted: 25 July,all,Donald Trump,Where the %&$# is my AK-47?
76561198016477228,Recommended,219640,34816712,Posted: 8 September,all,Crankage,Do you like blood? Do you like sexy men clad in sexier armor? Do you like loud screaming and epic music? Do you like starwars? Then buy this game. Enough said.- Crankage Games (Developer of Metal as P H U K)
,Recommended,219640,33343015,Posted: 7 July,all,POWERFUL,Good Game ..
,Recommended,219640,21355655,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Jade,"A pretty enjoyable and worthwhile experience. While the hit detection is a bit buggy, the overall experience was quite uinque and fun the entire time. I hope to see more workshop items implimented but for now it's still pretty good."
,Recommended,219640,7414708,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,dokartist,Not bad!
,Recommended,219640,26968168,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stoned Raven,What a lovely tea party!
,Recommended,219640,28923808,Posted: 1 January,all,[SS] Dylan,Really good game i mostly play on the servers where it replaces the swords with lightsabers really cool the only downfall is that it is slowy starting to die but theres still a good community right now Over all score 9.2
76561198202466815,Not Recommended,219640,32229571,Posted: 6 June,all,My Hard Nipples Can Cut Glass,"This game sucks and here is why. Full of helicopters, children, children flying helicopters, and just the overall community sucks♥♥♥♥♥ The game is alright except for all of the weird dragging and helicopter moves. I'm looking forward to mordhau and saying goodbye to this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,7684495,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,AlienNutsackInvader,"Fun, if you like medieval style call of duty, DO NOT play games that have high ping as combat is almost unplayable do to lag."
,Recommended,219640,10809487,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Suzu-chan,"This game may seem like a dream come true. A medieval-style Battlefield game. Endless hordes of footsoldiers charging a stronghold; arrows flying; blood and glorious combat every direction you look. something straight out of Stronghold Crusader. And this game certainly has some of that. The combat system is heavily skill-based and well done for the most part. Surprisingly, the pinnicle of this game is the battlecries- extremely well done and hallarious. However, this game just feels like it's not as big as it could be. You will participate in a charge of maybe a large squad of 12 soliders, but not a small army of 30 (at least not on any servers i played on). There are large battles, but not enormous ones. And also, another minor complaint is the maps. They may get repetitive after a while. The glorious charges and whatnot can eventually become slightly predictable. I only recommend this game with an almost reluctant 7.5/10, only due to the slightly disapointing replay value. With friends, 8/10. If you aren't in a rush to chop off some heads, maybe wait for a sale. If you are, then please go ahead and yell out some battlecries. Or wicked laughs. Or taunts."
,Recommended,219640,6917907,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Jäger,"Sticks&Stones.... Ohh wait no !!! SWORDS AND BOWS, Knights and Honor >_<"
,Recommended,219640,18852174,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,charpie,"The mechanics are really in depth and interesting. Once you look past the hack and slash kind of gameplay, the tempo of the fencing is really engaging and personal. The game is fairly well balanced and your ability really shines through in your gameplay. Unfortunately this also means that somebody much more skilled than you is going to dominate you with an iron fist, and this can get really frustrating. It's not very fun spending hours respawning because someone's just that much better than you."
76561197998968957,Recommended,219640,35337723,Posted: 30 September,all,Moon,OK I really like this game. There's something about it that just works. Easy to get into and complex enough to keep you hooked. FPS melee. It's the best medieval battle game I've played.
76561198126110725,Recommended,219640,35362981,Posted: 30 September,all,Swiggity Stag,good
,Recommended,219640,22190030,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Mr.Crosby,"Don't listen to all of the negative hype...the people who complain about it are people who don't have the balls to be a medieval warrior nuff said, you'll see people complain about dragging about being teamed up on about the community..most if it is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t people get upset and try to give the game a bad rep it's a great game especially for it's price....it has it's issues but it's an amazing innovative game the feeling you get playing it is legit might as well be a knight IRL if you can look past the negative reviews...all of wich are people who play it for like 50 hours and get their feelings hurt on the internet....(yes people who play this game will call you a ♥♥♥♥♥ and talk♥♥♥♥♥♥to you and about you especially if you're whining about the game IE ""OMG U DRAGGIN ♥♥♥♥♥♥ THATS OP"" it's like a joke the people who are good will make fun of you I would too honestly.  would rate it 8.5/10 worth the money worth the learning curve worth the verbal abuse"
,Recommended,219640,10797764,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,bzawisza08,Chivalry: Medieval WarfareGood gameGood gameGood gameGood gameGood game
76561197995242467,Recommended,219640,7445947,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Dee-Jay,Gaming skill inadequacy has never been so cruelly exposed.  And so much fun.Brilliant stuff!
76561198075657540,Recommended,219640,14706322,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,CursedHonor,I play this so I don't go on a killing spree in real life. 10/10Great graphicsGreat bloodGreat GameplayFast pasedTatical
76561197984512372,Recommended,219640,26986079,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DreadnoughtTV,Funny Medieval Clashes
76561198011458486,Recommended,219640,2710093,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Boom1axe,Its a lot like the true medieval age wars confusing and countless missed swings. If you played Skyrim will be forced to learn to swing a sword thats ten times harder then the simple point and slash game play. You will have to put a good amount of hours to learn just how to get a kill with out just pure luck. The game will make you scream with the countless deaths and missed arrows or swings. The point is this game is not suggested for more relaxed players. The starting advice is to replay traning untill you can take out the AL enemys with out too many problems then practice practice practice.
,Recommended,219640,7568034,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Aaron,"If I got a dollar for every time I died, I'd still quit this game.♥♥♥♥ this game man."
76561198042099620,Recommended,219640,7479659,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Justin,GOAT
,Recommended,219640,11126257,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Adolf Hideki bin Stalin,"This game is really intense and fun, it actually has got my heart pumping a few times :P"
,Recommended,219640,18006722,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Traybair,Solid Alt-F4 function 10/10
,Recommended,219640,20195831,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,papagal,"It's really fun, hard game, but fun. Community is pretty friendly, to be honest. I heard that at higher ranks people find players that use glitches. I hope they solved it. Well, I got it for 3 euro with the Warrior DLC. Totally worth it bruh.BTW: Prepare your ears for a lot of laughs and screams!"
,Recommended,219640,16669636,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Tramplefoot,"10/10 ""It's Counter-Strike with Swords"""
,Not Recommended,219640,24339872,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,lordholnapult,"Bah... this game sucks from every side.Pity combat in an era where ping is still an issue, and poor gameplay at all. Do not think it's like Warband. Do not thing it's like Doom, do not think to a single player side campaign. There is no single player and the engine was already done.Models and screen is colorful and epic... but that's all you can get: a nice sequence of photo. The rest is poor. Go to Warband, multi or single.byeLord Hol Napult's experience: 4/10"
,Recommended,219640,16079596,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Norski yes?,80% = Insta buy
76561198076527925,Recommended,219640,16371157,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,METALROX,FOR AGATHAAA!!!
76561198138659564,Recommended,219640,16738513,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Geo Boy 1,medieval fighting.......with first person........nuff said
,Recommended,219640,6651241,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,gamzrck,For The King!
76561198059434018,Recommended,219640,7972686,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[◄V㋖ S λ V L i k a t o r ㋖V►],Most epic and fun medieval game ever.
76561198045116937,Not Recommended,219640,8848050,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Kyeshi The Calm,"If this game was free to play, I still would not waste the time to download it.  The learning curve is far, far to steep, and takes hours just to be able to function in this game, much less enjoy it!  I honestly wish I liked this game, because then I wouldn't feel  like such an Idiot for spending ten f*cking dollars on this horrible game.  I got it on SALE for 10$ and I still regret that purchase, please, please do not waste your money on such a horrible, horrible game."
76561198195614858,Recommended,219640,20420314,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,He-man,It is like Call of Duty but without guns and larger knives! 420/10
,Recommended,219640,24915520,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Mustain11,"It is VERY frustrating (for me at least) when your♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game but once you get a sense of the mechanics and develop your own style it is VERY satistfying watching heads roll and your sword cut through flesh in first person with great graphics. To get good at this game all you need to do is accept you will die ALOT dont be afraid to block and duck to run down their stanima. If you just relax and survey your oponents play style, class and weapon it is very easy to manipulate- say if your fighting a knight with a maul he will be very slow so you can get lots of stabs in and disrupt his attacks and he only has a medium range so if you just keep a distance when he swings you can jump in and hit him in his recovery phase. And a vanguard for example- VERY long range and medium armour but does ♥♥♥♥ all damage up close so you use that to your advantage-- you get the picture.Absoloutly great game and I'm looking forward to Mirage: Arcane Warfare10/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,14787011,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,boog,wow this isnt fun
,Recommended,219640,10183437,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,the raunchiest noot,"*Spawn, Die, Repeat* great game though"
,Recommended,219640,26022920,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,♕Jack♕,"super fun, realistic game. I love it. plus you can dismember every limb including the head.only one problem though, there's a lot of people who dont realize how often team damage happens and get really salty when a giant sword from their teammate kills them and 3 enemies in the process and try to kick you. I would give it a 9/10 and think everyone should give it a try. Even if you aren't into medieval style games this is a must buy because trust me its really fun"
,Not Recommended,219640,24271156,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,K★B,Weird animation and very buggy.
,Recommended,219640,27741867,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tudor,Really fun! You can't get bored with this game!! It's a must!
,Recommended,219640,23336196,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,QuantumCobra,really fun game i got it for $5usd i got it as a 2 pack this game has a really good soundtrack aswell XD
76561198045622281,Recommended,219640,12639923,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,The Grim Reaper,Love the game best medievil game around
,Recommended,219640,12668184,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,kPeRiSh,Medieval warfare.
,Recommended,219640,347450,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Drunk,One of the best games i have ever played.
76561197998017293,Not Recommended,219640,1789412,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Wep0n,"gameplaywise better than war of the roses, but still not the thing i was looking for in a first person medieval game. i was hoping for some more complexity and better tactics. the meele system feels not really as good or complex as it does in mount and blade, and that is a pity."
,Recommended,219640,118505,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,[NaCl] Kahuna,"Stellar hack-and-slash multiplayer action game.  Very little skill required to play, but it has an incredibly high skill-cap, and genuinely good players can shine.And it's brutal, fast, and fun!"
,Recommended,219640,2354997,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,DrAnal,BEST! Its so much fun! :D
76561198257824261,Recommended,219640,26136266,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,PCPort,2 Words: Sling OP.
,Recommended,219640,4934677,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Pinochet's AirTraffic Revolution,"Vastly entertaining, very thorough, and well produced; definitely the only FPS (First Person Slasher) on the market. It has a slightly slanted community, with a lot of people at beginner level and a handful of people pub-stomping at the Master level, and not a lot of people running from Adept-Expert level. It is mildly accessible to new players, but a bit steep with its learning curve the more you persist with it. It's also very tropey, latency is definitely a major component of combat, as is grinding to get better weapons at times.Having said that, it's not impossible to play, it's very fun and definitely unique. The game will give you many good hours, definitely worth a twenty-thirty dollar price tag. The world is also charming, and the amusing gameplay supports some realism. SOME realism. Being beaten to death with the haft of the Godfork for more damage than a mace swing is a bit of a physics conundrum, but, not gamebreaking.Balancing issues sometimes upset people, and you can sometimes start a fight with the whole 'fair' issue. But, as long as you aren't an archer, you'll have plenty of fun playing the game. If you're an archer, you're a target and will be hunted and killed.Don't be an archer.(I'm kidding, go be an archer if you want!)"
,Not Recommended,219640,28552855,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mr.Spookyman,"Welcome to How to be a Human Helicopter in the Medieval Ages.On a serious note, the game is perfect when you're level 15 and below.But after that the game goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥when you're forced to go onto servers with very high leveled players who do ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥backward overhead attacks, helicopter spin attacks, and other various ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that will want to make you kill yourself.If you don't wanna have a ♥♥♥♥ing seizure while playing because some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is ruining your day by being ""too good"", then I highly recommend playing on Horde Mode. It's a PvE type gamemode where you kill waves of bots with weapons that you earn with your score.The devs don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥other than just releasing new♥♥♥♥♥♥to make your character look cooler for the low, low price of at least 2 bucks.Have fun ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198020144608,Recommended,219640,13678345,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,219640,31003039,Posted: 7 April,all,BrotherLewis,Surprisingly potato compatible
76561198066222126,Recommended,219640,17228707,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Tyrannos,press f10 and all your limbs fall off10/10
,Recommended,219640,24780637,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Case,"super fun game, buy it when it goes on sale for sure!the player base is dying though.... i give it another 2 years tops before the official servers get shut down and this game passes on into legend"
76561198053589957,Recommended,219640,29333412,Posted: 18 January,all,Mr.McSisterFister,I BEG YER MERCY ME LOOOORD!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,30980085,Posted: 6 April,all,age_of_potato,"Do you like gore,blod,agonizing screaming you should buy it if not try it you can always refund"
,Recommended,219640,33724160,Posted: 22 July,all,Whites Cause Fights,TIME TO CRUCIFY THE ♥♥♥♥ING KNIGHTS
76561197994641567,Recommended,219640,1554230,"Posted: 19 March, 2013",all,Zen Tractor,HIT THEM.HIT THEM WITH YOUR SWORD.THEN HIT THEM AGAIN.OH GOD THIS IS AWESOME.
,Recommended,219640,19039367,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Ɖavid Pole,+
,Recommended,219640,35069124,Posted: 19 September,all,moonis,fun for a bit like not worth it tho
,Recommended,219640,35037685,Posted: 17 September,all,Scar,Its pretty cool I guess.
76561198049956942,Recommended,219640,13562949,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kolakocide,10/10Killed by the tree gods.
76561198079614773,Recommended,219640,35396096,Posted: 1 October,all,CSGONECRO.COM CSGOYOURMOM,"My official review of thus therefore whereas before I had been abducted by kittens my great great great great great great great great great great great grand father who was involved in the creation of yes u know it, that's correct, yes the thing ur thinking of. Wellll anyways let me inform your friends of this pop tastic pop tart of a game we are discussing right now. I really think that yes it is a game where u press buttons so yes. Obviously. LATERrrrrrrrrr"
,Recommended,219640,16373543,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Thotimus Prime@hellcase.com,10/10   i cut people head off  with bow
76561198071323152,Recommended,219640,14569815,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Gaben's Garden Gnome,its not a bad game but the graphics kinda make my game lag idk why...i can run a game with better graphics witout lag
,Recommended,219640,8599282,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,啊!,Being set on fire and decapitated by your teammates: the game.
76561198041156134,Recommended,219640,8457179,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Don't get weepy touch ur peepee,"Extremely clean animations which actually perfectly match up with what is actually happening in game. If your sword looks like its gonna hit it's gonna hit, and if it looks like a sword is going past your block that means it's gonna go past your block. It's an easy to pick up game with a low skill floor, but has the added benefit of having an insanely high skill cap as well. Def pick this up while it's on sale."
76561198108033289,Recommended,219640,13519947,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hutt'nkloas,"The FPS with Sword, Axe n Bow. Brutal and straight in your face. Great game for mp clashes"
,Recommended,219640,35429437,Posted: 2 October,all,Mr Wobble $$$,Chivalry is ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious. The game mechanics might be a little clunky but if anything that just adds to it. The characters make the most ridiculous noises and it everyone playing is just there for a good time. Shame the playerbase is dwinding tbh. Would recommend.
76561198108131331,Recommended,219640,35401394,Posted: 1 October,all,jsms101,"best melee, spine-breaking attacks simulator 20XX"
76561198106407461,Recommended,219640,35396920,Posted: 1 October,all,Popalupa,"Fun game, wait for sale."
,Recommended,219640,35424152,Posted: 2 October,all,Jeffro,Very glitched game. Also I lost my unlocks at level 19. Repair this game.
,Recommended,219640,12594534,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Issa. K,Great! The best medieval game ever!Gameplay 9.7/10Graphics  7/10Multiplayer 9/10Just buy it! dont think!
,Recommended,219640,10931821,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,coldkeyes,"If you haven't watched Two Saiyans Play This game, THEY DEMAND YOU GET THIS!"
,Recommended,219640,11349647,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ChaosCommando,"A very fun, satisfying game. If your into the Medieval genre, then this is the game for you (hence the title!).Realistic maps including forests, ramparts, castles, bridges etc.Interactable items such as; boulders that can be pushed down hills.Couldrons of oil that can be tipped onto enemiesCatapults that can be projected towards soldiers, or castle walls.& Much more!Ranged infantry can be very satisfying when getting fluke shots from long distances, heavy infantry (vanguard) are powerful, but like all other classes, has its weaknesses. Knights are a well-balanced class, can have a two handed sword, or a one handed weapon with a shield, customization is great. It allows you to choose your set up to your liking, but each item does have its weaknesses, e.g. throwing axes deal more damage; throwing knifes deal less damage, but axes contain less ammo! Its hard to create a perfect set-up for every scenario, so its useful to play as a team, or group up with friends and you can have more than one speciality which is very effective.Overall: 9/10. A great fast paced Medieval era game, lots of gamemodes, maps & items/achievments to unlock throughout playing this game. Definately worth the money!"
76561198131160855,Recommended,219640,17454139,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Papa Holocaust,"Cool game with nice graphics and dynamic , just a pity that very quickly become boring ( according to me):+Graphics+Audio+Gameplay-Too much blood-detaching the head and other body parts (unless you like that sort of thing in this type of games )My rating for this game is 7,5/10 As I said in this game it is too much blood and still no falling off . Style graphics part of this game is very nice Audio also no great gameplay , and most importantly it is a epic.I think that my review has helped you :)"
,Recommended,219640,30062245,Posted: 20 February,all,*You're,You just gotta get gud.
76561198039143834,Recommended,219640,14320135,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,balance808,"Excellent game. Lots of fun. Gameplay feels a little stiff, the sword work could use more fluidity, but its ok. The bottom line is the game is a ton of fun. You'll have fun learning how to actually fight, rather than just point and click like in most games. This game is not easy to learn and will take some time and patience... but once you figure out the mechanics of it and how to play the role you like, you'll get the hang of it. Just be patient and don't get frustrated when you join a server and get sliced and diced. As of the date of this post there's lots of people playing and still lots of beginners so its not too late to join. One other thing... as you level up you unlock SLIGHTLY better weapons. So weapons do not make or break you in this game... it is straight up skill. So its totally up to you as to how good you are in this game. You'll love it. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,219640,17605191,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Stttutter,Fun game that on the surface is fun hacking and slashing but when delving deeper has complicated mechanics that seperates the good from the amazing.
,Recommended,219640,29367141,Posted: 19 January,all,六和尚,DEUS VULT!
76561198325341326,Not Recommended,219640,33131151,Posted: 2 July,all,Borsu Din Ciorba Lu Ma-Ta,I can't play this game . why? is crashes
,Recommended,219640,8183337,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Oberst Schulz,Its good ♥♥♥♥♥ ^^
,Recommended,219640,32861829,Posted: 27 June,all,Jesus Lives,its fun. Interesting idea ive not seen before.
76561197965338422,Not Recommended,219640,30780017,Posted: 27 March,all,NoSurprise,Chivalry: Ballerina Warfare.
,Recommended,219640,29770529,Posted: 7 February,all,SGT America,Just get it.
,Recommended,219640,25065876,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,✪ SquanchyJ,freaking awesome kickass game i wish that was cheaper so everyone of my friends would buy it at we play online
76561198067009391,Recommended,219640,20455814,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Lavincci,Best team kill simulator ever. Where else can you team kill 4 allies with one charge of a greatsword?
,Not Recommended,219640,13111349,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Snake,"It's impossible for me to imagine how a game that amateurish, unpolished and sloppily thrown together is being sold as a retail release. The melee mechanics are clumsy and clunky, the animations and models are poor, the movement feels awfully stiff and the general level of polish has 'fan UE mod' written all over it. Give this one a pass."
76561198072331510,Recommended,219640,16037344,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,analcreampie,Chivalry: Apologetic Warfare11/10 would say sorry again
,Recommended,219640,8274347,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mr Squiggles,"♥♥♥♥♥Pillage,Repeat"
,Recommended,219640,22785357,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,gette,chop off arms and legs while screaming in a manly way
,Not Recommended,219640,19321311,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,tyguy,"Pros:- Realistic weapons.- Beautiful graphics (assuming you play it on high)- Customizations, where you can upload your work and have it put in to the game as a customization (I will get to the payment of customization in the 'Cons' section)- Learning more about this game doesn't stopCons:- Realistic combat? Good one! Enjoy yourself to many bizzare medieval attacks, such as rainbows (where you put your back to the enemy and overhead, resulting in an instant attack that low level players will not be able to block, or will block too early!), drags (where their attack is slowed down to a point where low level players will not be able to predict and block early)- Good luck reading feints in this game, when you have about <0.3 seconds determining if it is a feint or not, without any certainty that it is, this is why so many players begin to gamble (when you hit without trying to read).You can also spam about 8 feints without losing all of your stamina (not taking in to account weapon drain)- While a lot of the community is friendly, the parts I have seen (various FFA servers / duelyards), it is rather the opposite, it's better in NA/AU as well.- This game is riddled with exploits (There is a shield exploit that, when practised correctly, lets you avoid being stunned as a result of no stamina and even gives you some back), there are also many two hand exploits of which I will not discuss.- The gap of skill is huge in this game, a player above level 40 is just going to♥♥♥♥♥♥on you.- When you first saw this game, you probably thought: 'wow i am going to look so gud be aragon' - sadly, this is not the case. While you do have a few (helmets) skins, most of the skins will cost between €1-5, limiting the players to the ACTUAL cool-looking skins.TL;DR: if you want to get this game AND be decent at it, you're going to want to devote, many many hours into it, and at the end it's all pointless."
,Not Recommended,219640,9629800,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Alptraum,"♥♥♥♥ no. This game is so extremely unbalanced and frustrating that I've litteraly broken♥♥♥♥♥♥because of this game. You have about 3 chances in maybe 5 seconds in the average melee fight to defeat your opponent. If you don't do the absolute best of those chances every single time then you will die horribly. And sometimes it doesn't matter how well you do because they just use coward tactics like extremely fast weapons so that all you can do is stand there and block until an archer shoots your head off. The man at arms and the vanguards are the most overpowered classes in the game. The man at arms can jump around, or ""duck"", so you swing at him, he jumps back and instantly forward against you again and your swinging animation has barely started when he's 5 inches from your face and slams his mace into your skull, and keeps doing this until you die. If you just try to block, he kicks you to break your block and make you flinch, leaps forward and hits you. Your only chance against a skilled man-at-arms is to swing like a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot or team up with someone against him because if you try to run, he'll catch up.The Vanguards have this really excellent, well-made, thought-through ability where they drag their mouse while they swing. I'd say the swing lasts a good 200 degrees in a circle around them. Not OP at all. Plus they have a running leap-attack that all the cowards use. They make you chase them and act scared, only to start running away from you until their charge is up, and that's when they just instantly turn around and leap at you. All you can do is block unless you insta-die as all classes except knight, and that greatly reduces your stamina so you won't be able to hit or block as much and you're an easy targets.Archers are also a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because they just draw their bow and wait for you to get as close as possible until you can't duck and then they shoot. Or if you have a shield they wait until you swing at them. Plus they have the fastest weapon in the game, the dagger. Try outswining an archer with a dagger and you'll be dead pretty soon.This game is only fun if you play with equally-skilled opponents and both of you use fair, fun tactics. Not being a little ♥♥♥♥♥, not exploiting, not being a coward, playing the game as it's supossed to be played. This game can be really fun with friends if you're not playing seriously and getting mad like I always do."
,Recommended,219640,16651505,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Hunt3r,Chivalry: Medieval Apoligize Simulator 2012sorry
76561197975464456,Not Recommended,219640,8608252,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Decoy,A good game for people who have no interest in complex or skillful fighting mechanics.
76561198089392299,Recommended,219640,10148077,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,pajama sam's fat dad stomach,Don't do anything in this game and you will gain respect from the community.
,Recommended,219640,13581545,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Njall,Best melee game that i played. Playing this game since release. 9/10.
,Recommended,219640,8238207,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Apok,This Game is fun to Play !
,Not Recommended,219640,14597828,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Fulvic,"By far the worst game ever, pay to win dlc's, filled with bugs and poor optimization, the list goes on. if you want cancer buy this game."
,Recommended,219640,22704448,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Ace,Very Good Game. For King Malric and The Mason Order!
,Not Recommended,219640,30626999,Posted: 19 March,all,ShammyMammy,Don't buy this game it's a glitchy mess that is terribly made.
,Recommended,219640,23037376,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kronix,if chivalry was still alive i would be married by now
76561198084038321,Not Recommended,219640,23459237,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MiniEinz,Attack and Die simulator.
,Recommended,219640,7477297,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,The Policy of Collectivisation,"There's just something so richly rewarding about crushing people's heads in with a ridiculously over sized warhammer, or slicing off the limbs of others with huge♥♥♥♥♥greatswords, and this is why I play Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. I would go as far to say that Chivalry has the best combat system of any game I've ever played, just for the sheer meatyness of it.Chivalry doesn't boast beautiful graphics, or even a compelling badckstory to what you're actually fighting for (it's practically non-existant), but that doesn't matter as the combat makes up for everything that Chivalry lacks in. The unlocking of weapons after a certain amount of kills gives the player a good incentive to carry on, and the wide variety of game modes and weapons adds for a good amount of diversity, ensuring you won't get bored quickly.If there was one thing I didn't like about the game, it was the archery. Maybe it was just because I sucked at it, but it was incredibley difficult to hit targets, and even after you did manage to hit one, there was no satisfaction of it, no PING or anything, it just felt stale, as if it was rushed into the gamejust beofre release  to give a bit more diversity (which in hindsight it probably was). Another thing is the arrow dip in this game, its really weird; one moment you arrow is travelling forward just fine, the next its plummetting towards the ground as if it hit a wall or something.Having said this, Chivalry is DEFINATELY worth the buy, although I would recommend that you wait until its on sale, because this game goes on sale a lot. So pick it up with a few mates, sit back, and get ready to feel the thrill of crushing in a virtual skull with a virtual weapon whilst your real life friends look on and scream 'DUDE AWESOME! YOU JUST MESSED THAT GUY UP!' (That actually happens a lot)"
,Recommended,219640,30780892,Posted: 27 March,all,GAR1X csgo500.com,i pay 3$ now its free....... nice
,Recommended,219640,8194498,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Salvatoori,NO. YES. NO. NO MY LORD. YES. NO MY LORD. YES MY LORD. NO.HE-HE-HE-HEEELP!!
,Recommended,219640,8836548,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Skaara Dreadlocks,"Get. This. Game.If you're into Medieval Warfare, like the title says, then you should definitely get this game. Archery, fencing, everything. This game is -the- game of the games. F*ck Skyrim, F*ck Mount&Blade. This game has the most realistic and perfect combat system I have ever witnessed. You can hit in five different ways; each attack and each weapon takes different damage, different stamina and different speed, so there are many alternatives to how fast/strong/lasting you want to be. You can block as much as you can with shields, but they lower your mobility, and the enemy can still attempt to sneak his sword around your shield, which you must try to prevent. You can also block with weapons, but only for a short second, which means you have to time it perfectly.You constantly use fingers on your left hand, you constantly use fingers on your right hand, and you constantly have to be focused, have quick reaction and quick judgement as to what should be your next move. One second of hesitation, and you're dead meat.  It's not all bashing your way through the enemy; this game has some serious tactics. And all the while, you can have fun with guts and blood splattering around as you chop your enemy's heads and limbs off while using ridiculously awesome voice-commands.I'm mostly into linear games, but considering that this game is only a competitive game.... 9/10."
,Not Recommended,219640,7773122,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,"scott ""big baller brand"" disick",♥♥♥♥ing queers only go after teh archer. ♥♥♥♥♥rs.
,Recommended,219640,28817511,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,stonephone,This game is a ton of fun. Plenty of crazy mod servers. I recommend playing any with lightsabers. I'm late to the party but i will definitely be playing with friends again soon.
,Not Recommended,219640,28418156,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Chando0,Boring. Easy to get kicked in a salty server. Doing bad? Immediately getting vote kicked. The way the melee and block works is complicated.
,Not Recommended,219640,30820742,Posted: 29 March,all,Get_Retarded,"Horrible game, badly optimised, no SA Servers... ♥♥♥♥ing awful experience"
76561198104361263,Not Recommended,219640,29188895,Posted: 11 January,all,Taddy Mason,"This game has a lot of promise, and as someone who loves medieval themes and combat, I thought I would like it. Especially since I'm always looking for newer and more interesting (perhaps even better) combat systems/mechanics. This game's combat is awesome, I'll give it that. But it fails to get a recommendation from me because it's all multiplayer. My biggest problem with multiplayer games like this is it's not always about skill-it has just as much (often more) to do with your internet connection. If you have mediocre internet, this game won't be fun for you. Even if you have good internet speeds, there's no guarantee you'll have fun as there are (or were-I haven't played in a while and don't plan to any time soon) plenty of people exploiting glitches and cheating to win. I've no problem being murdered over and over again by someone who's clearly better than me-it's when that person is glitching around to kill/be unkillable that I stop having fun. I didn't like how many people were obviously cheating to win. I also found myself wishing I was playing Mount and Blade the whole time.I realize the game is trying to capture what it must have felt like to be on a battlefield in medieval times, but it just ends up feeling like I'm in a buggy, glitchy medieval version of a bad COD clone. Even if it's on sale for much much less than it's incredibly overinflated $25  price point, don't get this game. If you wanna feel what it's like to be on a medieval battlefield, I suggest you check out the Mount and Blade games. Warband has a multiplayer option that's more fun and cheaper than this is. I played its multiplayer less than this one and liked it more. Not to mention Mount and Blade 2 is in the works. Follow those games if you're interested in a good medieval combat game.I realize this review turned into me promoting mount and blade and not actually reviewing this game that much, but I really don't know what to say about this game other than that I hated playing it and enjoyed the Mount and Blade games better, so that is what happened. Sorry to anyone coming here for an indepth review of chivalry. There are plenty of other reviews from people who know it better than I do. I'm more familiar with the Mount and Blade series and so it was easier to talk about it than try and make up stuff/reiterate what other, more familiar people have already said about chivalry:medieval warfare."
,Not Recommended,219640,17550822,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Witch's Colonel,"I might catch some oil pot heat for this, but it needs to be said.Chivalry, at its essence, is a good game, I loved playing it.Sadly, a combination of questionable design choices, chronic issues of bugs and miscellaneous problems and relatively poor optimisation, are just a few reasons why I cannot in good conscience recommend this to anyone, especially not at full price.If this game ever goes Free To Play (Whether that's a good thing or a bad thing for Chivalry is debatable), then I would say maybe give it a try, because despite its flawed execution the core concept underneath is good.However, until that day comes (if ever), I would advise you to save your money, and spend it on a title that is actually worth paying $20 for. Torn Banner really dropped the ball on this one."
76561198071421958,Not Recommended,219640,18866168,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,eternal jape,"Got banned from all official servers for NO ♥♥♥♥ing reason, I'm cussing now because I've tried all ways of contacting the official admins.I literally never talked, used my mic, or anything. I just have been ""banned""."
,Not Recommended,219640,8157602,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,☠mankey☠,Pretty much Mount and blade without skill needed. Just a mash fest.
76561198202131109,Recommended,219640,19101099,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,PATRiCKFBiPaganCelticViking,"6 hours of gameplay on my first day, this game is like FABLE meets CS (except its not an overrated RPG nor an overrated shooter, yes i think Counter Strike is overrated), has not phenominal but pretty good graphics, the combat is a bit immersive giving you challenge, after 3 years the game is not dead, servers still very much alive, bloody you can cut off limbs, i don't like free for all but maybe you will, bought complete edition for 6.99$ at a sale, its worth every penny, there maybe no flintlock guns, but you can still have fun with the bows & CrossBow's, its a 8.5/10 game, very fun when you play Killswitch Engage - As Daylight Dies Album. BUY IT! JUST DO IT!"
76561198157190239,Not Recommended,219640,28460308,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Solohahn,No fun
,Recommended,219640,21759822,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,A wild OchiDO,Get kicked by players vote just for be good. 10/10http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=652713455So cool!
76561198214936279,Not Recommended,219640,31023937,Posted: 8 April,all,{BadDudes}aBomBa,"It's fun until you reach the big boy league at level 16. Then you'll have to start playing against lvl 50 autistic teenagers who just learned the meaning of the word &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, and who's sole purpose in life is to play this game and maybe take a break every 12 hours to masturbate.And the level gap is not even the real problem here, the real problem is that pretty much ALL OF THEM are cheating their asses off, exploiting the animations and various glitches in the game, and if you don't do the same, you won't be able to win a single freaking match/duel EVER. Oh, and they'll harass the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you for being a ""noob"".  Because not cheating is lame, apparently.I wouldn't recommend it, unless it's on sale."
,Recommended,219640,8360132,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Crackleking,"chivilary medieval warefare is a fun multiplayer game that has great combat, an interesting setting and a great online community. buy it 8/10"
76561198094167454,Recommended,219640,7908468,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,world renowned xc superstar,You act like an idiot and swing swords at each other10/10 would buy again.
76561198038902273,Not Recommended,219640,7924818,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Petschie,"This is the worst ♥♥♥♥ing game I have ever played. The melee is so ♥♥♥♥ing terrible, people hitting you through shield, you not being able to block, swords spams, daggers piercing heavy armor... Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game if you want to save yourself from bashing your PC into little pieces. Terrible, just absolutely terrible.Oh, and it's infested with hackers."
,Recommended,219640,14039121,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Beavernuts,10/10 You can perform brain surgery on your teammates. Would go to college again.
,Recommended,219640,16098282,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,skittle,"this d*rn game is fr*cken d*nk as h*ck mates, i mean chopping guys d*ng heads off and all of that p*o, sooooo fun.*edit* lynch n i g g e r s"
,Recommended,219640,19927382,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,BabyStomper,fake and gay
,Recommended,219640,13132109,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,5irSniper,"Chivalry is extremely fun and entertaining while you are still able to play in the low level servers, however once you start playing in the regular servers with players of all levels, you will come to find that the skill gap in this game is so unbelievably massive that you will stand absolutely no chance against people with more experience.The game in all honesty, is quite fun when you are playing against the right people. If you are one of those people who strives to be the best in online multiplayer and cant stand to lose, then this game may not be for you unless you are willing to put in hundreds of hours in order to be on par with the best players."
76561198086196422,Recommended,219640,9967649,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Weezy,"From the short time i have played this game I have enjoyed every minute, hacking and slashing my enemies apart was just so soothing! Definitely worth buying"
76561198068621617,Not Recommended,219640,26700639,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mr. McGurt,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.This game encourages glitching (Called Matrixing) as a way to avoid blocking. This is not a built in mechanism, but somthing  found and used by players that the devs never fixed.Timimg and an understanding of this games impossible physics are needed for any kind of success. (think of learning common core math in a forign language)The ""variations"" of weapons is the poorest Iv seen in any game. Ever. And the payed weapons are only skins over the crappy free weapons.Fair to dsay this game needs serious work and overhaul before it could be considered finished.Just a gamers opinion, been gaming since the 1980s."
,Recommended,219640,2387141,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Literally Who?,Press C to win.
76561198065844732,Not Recommended,219640,16381665,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ghost Chips,"Cool Concept, However online is horrible, almost impossible to find a server without team killers"
76561198043571914,Recommended,219640,8201209,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Wumbo,"When I load up this game, I get sucked in and just can't turn it off! But when life takes over and you only have 10 minutes to play, one match will satisfy your thirst for an escape from reality."
,Recommended,219640,9947628,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Galafox,"Its like COD but with knights. Also if you're playing on wal-mart internet speed, you're ♥♥♥♥ed in multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,219640,19933590,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Maho ツ,boring i rather play pirate viking and knight its free and more fun :/
76561198083761481,Recommended,219640,12130979,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Casey Anthony,It's alright
76561198059308888,Recommended,219640,18487471,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Augustine Underfoot,Got called a hacker for going 15 and 8 10/10
,Recommended,219640,8238856,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,"Guts, Very Bizzare Man",FoOoOooOooOoOoOooooOOOOoor Agatttttttttttttthhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaa an' stuff liek mang real good game mang like dismemberment mang good one thing I brought my diaper like real mang yeah.
,Recommended,219640,10003595,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Child of Obesity & Diaphoresis,"Get this game its really, but don't quit at the start it you keep dying, it takes a little to learn."
76561198021962839,Not Recommended,219640,20336015,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,rogueci5,"Just rechecked 12/06/2016:Its worse, toxic community, new exploits and developers who really do not care.Once again Buy M&B of any type and enjoy yourself.Original Review:The game has degenerated into utter rubbish, it was trying to be Mount and Blade but has failed.Save your money get Mount and Blade, its far more fun and does not have as many exploits."
76561198038386929,Not Recommended,219640,26154966,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,iwasadeum,"Awful. Just plain awful. Extremely twitchy character movements, I get 1 hit killed but takes dozens of blows to kill enemies. Just random chaos. I crap better things than this."
,Not Recommended,219640,30997009,Posted: 7 April,all,Ray,more like just dance than a medieval game with all these ballerinas
,Not Recommended,219640,30988477,Posted: 6 April,all,MaeTheTacoPrincess,"Don't buy this, wait for mordhau!"
76561198104790153,Recommended,219640,10000697,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,An amazing game!
76561198050934272,Recommended,219640,26960818,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,|Kila| TapsnTraps,Still as good as the day I bought it. I jest.
,Recommended,219640,8956535,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,DefinitelyNotTom,Its a fun game
,Recommended,219640,25235705,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SimonjoBGR,"iz veri gud, ples byu it"
76561198081300799,Not Recommended,219640,23712239,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Ƥ₥ῲ Pilot,deadliest warrior is dead af :/
,Not Recommended,219640,13996545,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,drbouncyballs™,♥♥♥♥ING REMOVE ARCHERS
,Recommended,219640,10064740,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Tomo,Awesome game!
,Recommended,219640,10012789,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Ranceporter,"If you're looking for a fun multiplayer game that you can jump right into, without requiring much investment, look no further."
76561198068822464,Not Recommended,219640,9041263,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Icarious114,One of the worst games ive played in a while. Infuriatingly difficult. At times it made me want to pull all my hair out. All the other reviews are from people who got luck and did get the regular people in their first few matches. I dont think i went positive in a single one. If one person got good at a weapon everyone else is screwed cause they will frickin destroy you. The learning curve is so harsh. When it says difficult to master i means difficult to play. If you have any self respect dont buy this game. it is a waste of money unless you want to sit there pulling your hair out and wanting to kill yourself for a few hours. The only good things about this game are its graphics and its unique fighting style.
,Recommended,219640,3736898,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,Graeme,"Well with nearly 15 hours in this game I think it's time to write a review/reccomendation.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare has a wonderful concept, one I have been wanting to see for some time, a multiplayer medieval game. However I would not reccomend this game if you are looking for that.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare has possibly the worst weapon and combat systems I have seen in any game. Newer players are nearly unable to kill those with weapons of a higher tier than theirs, and as such, are unable to level up their own weapons to make the gameplay even again.The combat system amazes me. How a developer can mess up combat this badly using UDK is phenomenal. They have this wonderful system going, where an unarmed man wearing leather and chainmail can punch a fully armored knight to death, and the knight is not able to even raise his weapon in defence. Every class has at least one weapon that is totally overpowered(Jav/heavyxbow for archer, tier 3 halbard for vanguard, maces for man at arms, and hammers for knights) These weapons are basically uncounterable, unless you have perfect timing or are boxing them, rendering them unable to even block or fight back.The game seems fun, a great waste of time, and once every weapon is unlocked(the only form of ""reward"" this game has) you will get bored.TL;DR Game will be fun for a while, then it will get boring. It may also never be fun if you start noticing all of it's flaws."
76561198042532292,Recommended,219640,10048599,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Rush B,Tons of fun over a long time and most people are respectful :) Played for a while and found it may get a bit boring after hours everyday but is great and fun
76561198082285706,Not Recommended,219640,26067206,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Offensive Swede Man,"Been spending the entire morning on the totorial but in the end i coulnt finish it thanks to it being riddled with bugs and for the moment ruined all my lust to play this game, played the totorial 5 times now and been stoped in diffrent places all the time, the dialogs keeps bugging up, when you're about to learn about the classes the game only lets you talk to the vanguard even tho you have your mouse on the other classes, etc etc, i havnt even gotten into the core of the game and still had to quit thanks to the bugs"
,Recommended,219640,30777318,Posted: 27 March,all,♦ Mrpat ♦,Sad to hear that the playerbase is Dyingi hope that better times wait ahead for this game9/10 Shall never decapitate friends again
76561198182885569,Not Recommended,219640,26076814,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Titan,Returned it
76561197992800739,Recommended,219640,30782482,Posted: 27 March,all,SNAAAKE,The best multiplayer game on Steam. Replayable until the ends of time.
,Recommended,219640,8183904,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Captain Catley,"Only played 2hrs but I need to play it more, It is so fun!"
,Not Recommended,219640,28521639,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Alhanalem [DD1 Community Dev],"said it was on sale for 90% off til the 21st, I come before the end time and its already not onsale anymore.Will change later when its on sale again"
76561198043503245,Not Recommended,219640,31010795,Posted: 7 April,all,Soviet,"Chiviarly is one of the worst Medieval games on the market. People will swing mauls faster than you can swing a dagger because of the horrendous ping problem. This game will have you feeling like its always the pings or the games fault and rarely yours. It has potential to be alot better and find myself playing it out of bordem. It is however a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, were the only way to get better is to exploit better than the other people."
76561198038689052,Recommended,219640,8524222,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Professor Hugedix,da bes
,Recommended,219640,9936582,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Captain Crowbar,Monty Python and the Holy Grail: Black Knight Fight Simulator.
,Recommended,219640,31177059,Posted: 16 April,all,Marak,You want a hot bodyYou want a BugattiYou want a MaseratiYou better work b*tchYou want a LamborghiniSip MartiniLook hot in a bikiniYou better work b*tchYou wanna live fancyLive in a big mansionParty in FranceYou better work b*tchYou better work b*tchYou better work b*tchYou better work b*tchNow get to work b*tchNow get to work b*tchNow get to work b*tchNow get to work b*tch
,Recommended,219640,34421437,Posted: 22 August,all,CaptainObvious,played a little. I recommend
76561198160833681,Not Recommended,219640,17963913,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Toaster Dog,This game is AIDs
,Recommended,219640,26023091,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,✞Ben.Ten✞,its k
,Not Recommended,219640,23156249,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Tex,"Chivlary used to be a great game; Keyword ""Used"". All that is left is a conglomeration of extremely toxic children and Chivlary veterans with massive ego's.- You WILL be kicked from servers for no reason.- You WILL eventually kill a good player, but be votekicked by his friends.- You WILL be banned from community servers for no reason.- You WILL be bombarded by unwarranted profanity.- You WILL come across egotistical 15 year olds who think they have conquered life because they can dance around as a knight on a video game.As stated above, the game itself is fantastic. Unfortunatly, the developers fail to see that the majority votekicksystem only works if the playerbase is a honest one; and one with morals. Seriously, this game makes the Counter Strike community look like a ray of sunshine. A new game is coming out soon called ""Mordhau"", I would look into it before you buy this one.If you have never played this game before and are looking to start off as a brand new player, all I can say is ""Good Luck"" and ""Try not to get to mad"".Game gets *10/10* when you are the only one on a server hitting a tree.Game gets a *1/10* when people start to join that server."
,Recommended,219640,7485456,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,firestarter_Cx,such gore
76561197992674721,Recommended,219640,8306322,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,DDD,"Yep, another medieval game that kicks♥♥♥♥♥ stunning graphics, brutal, violent, lots of maps, colorish and very fun."
,Recommended,219640,25424388,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Dalorath,"This is what I used to think about this game...:""A Mindless Hack N Slash game. Not much to it and after about 24 hours of game-play, Ive become Utterly bored of its mindless repetition...There is some major flaws with the combat mechanics which allows players to take advantaged of cheap moves that throw off almost all players. IMO completely ruins the appeal of combat once you leave the noob servers...IMO, Don't buy this game unless you don't mine mindlessly hacking and slashing randomly at various players...""About a half year ago...UPDATE:After further experiences with this game, I would recommend the Duel matches... Ask people to teach you how to fight, and Ive encountered a lot of good people willing to help teach me in the duel matches...Ive found that there is actually a considerable amount of concentration and thought in the heat of battle that is required in order to orchestrate a successful attack vs your enemies movements... This game is interesting, but i still see many flaws in its design, I will change my down vote to an up vote for now since Ive been enjoying my experiences lately :-DRecently....UPDATE 2:After almost a year of playing this game, Ive found it to be the most exhilarating and has the potential to really draw you into the action...."
76561198148590646,Recommended,219640,25916217,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mijo5202,if this isnt your favorite game then you should probably die
,Recommended,219640,5636744,"Posted: 18 February, 2013",all,Skindiacus,The best fp slasher there is.
,Not Recommended,219640,10163140,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,TomPlum,Broken.
,Recommended,219640,10159502,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,AGR2k6,GAME IS GOOD...BUT IT WILL DESTROY UR INTERNET CONNECTION FOR PART TIME!!
,Not Recommended,219640,26074715,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dandorian,this game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ Worst then no man sky(tm).
76561197967812622,Recommended,219640,10058362,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,BOB!!! (CHUNK!!!),This is a very fun game. It is nice to have a first person point of veiw on a midevil game.
,Recommended,219640,27203145,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Owain Owjo,"What an amazing game. Requires a lot of skill, but once you master the combat you can dominate servers recking everyone in your path!"
,Recommended,219640,28407516,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Nappev,veri nais imo much community gamemodes such skill curve wery lurn  mocho
,Recommended,219640,7885695,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Captain,"Great game, Great graphics! overall fun but a very steep learning curve!"
,Recommended,219640,15299465,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Spartacus,"Probably the best and most polished Medieval fighting game out there! Forget all of the other ones. There's a reason this one hold a player base even after several years. It's not just dualing or teamfighting either. The castle siege is some of the most fun I have ever had. I also really love the objectives you have.I like to search for some sort of negative in a game even one that I love to play and it was hard to find one in this game.Only thing I could think of is more variety in weapons and gear, maybe the ability to earn more gear with gold coins or something but that's not really the focus of this game and you can technically earn gear but it's based on kills with the weapon before it etc.If you do not have this game already, BUY IT!"
76561198082852159,Recommended,219640,32325446,Posted: 10 June,all,VAPE NASH'YALL,this game is pile of♥♥♥♥♥
76561197978981761,Not Recommended,219640,16111360,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Kumbassa,Its not for the PC for 5.00 I got robbed.
,Not Recommended,219640,28392917,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ftstani,"This game is not what was not what I expected. But for the low price of $2.49 (sale), I will not request a refund. But I won't play it again either, except maybe in many years from now when I want to show my kids how people lived in the dark ages."
76561198114125312,Not Recommended,219640,22138412,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,a random person,"if you are reading thsi pls do not buy this game it is wank wht everyone does is basiccly just ♥♥♥♥ing spam the atttack button the block doesnt work in multiplayer 90% of time and it is just boring for the 2 v1 or 3v1 and sometimes theres super dumb things like i grabed a hammmer ent to the middle of 5 guys cliked and killed the all it just felt unfair and stupid. Oh and btw thsi AI is teh most dumb thing ever the peasents keep desapering and tehres team damge i once threw a random arrow in the air killed my team8 from like 2 miles in the head 100% luck and got kick just cause of that. And in som other game i was acctually quite a good killer and there was this guy in our team that kept killing our team8 and saying sry sry when i tried to kick him they mostly said no and kicked me, ♥♥♥♥ing corrupt people. Jsut dont buy pls dont waste your money i know it looks cool you will in 25 hours have at MAX 10 and minimum wich is my case i only got like 5 hours because it was before some super dumb♥♥♥♥ing update that ruined the fps and textures and added a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of bugs i acctually remember it beign fun but i played a bit recently and it just wannnkkkkkk. PLS DONT BUY"
64352475685687562,Recommended,219640,29652743,Posted: 2 February,all,DAB KING,One cool Lord ? I ! One member in the castle ? I have ! All my ♥♥♥♥♥es !
76561198127301819,Recommended,219640,21474571,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,spacefroge,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.Eat."
,Recommended,219640,10172739,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,GaryTheBadGamer,MASTERPIECE !!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,10227167,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Meridianus,babie's first sword fighting simulator
,Not Recommended,219640,19260038,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Banterslav,"interesting concept but repetative, full of glitch abusers, developers dont fix glitched abuse of combat moves neither add more interesting stuff to the game 4/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,20115933,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sir Sp00ksalot,"Unoptimized, micro-transaction riddled♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,219640,28568311,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SineDeus,"Better buy Super Mario on Nintendo, pay to win"
,Not Recommended,219640,28571590,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mr.F***,that was worse than 2006 sherwooddungeon. 10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,20759801,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Jake,"Mount & Blade has better combatWhen you press a button, It actually does what that button is suppose to do. Unlike this game."
76561198123196270,Recommended,219640,13020343,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Astronaut Sloth,10/10
,Recommended,219640,17949743,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,black,Try to kill people but then you realize you are bad so you just mess around with the ragdolls.
76561198166923785,Recommended,219640,17895537,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,MasterOfBacon,This game keeps getting better like i dont own Killing Floor 2 but man if i did it would be awesome it really shows how community driven these 2 games are :D
,Recommended,219640,7422306,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Woster,THE BEST FPS EVER!!!!
,Recommended,219640,28454132,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Markk_,The best! :D
,Recommended,219640,15700002,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,But Nuster,An amazing looking game with great content!
76561198010443955,Recommended,219640,9588110,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Ciaphas,This game sucks fuzzy ballsack
,Recommended,219640,15684150,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,AidWil,Alot of sweaty nerd no lifers play but apart from that it runs well and combat is pretty good. Balance it very good and the engine is fluid. The graphics are outdated however this hardly retracts from the fun experience.It would be good if match hosting had more in depth options for messing around with friends and AI on because it is currently very basic.Overall it is a very enjoyable experience and is very satisfying to play and I would love nothing more than a sequal to this franchise.
,Recommended,219640,17654516,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Mango Papi,Chivalry is dead in todays society.
,Not Recommended,219640,16108570,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,uneducated ant,"Where do I start? The BETA loads, but then when I decide hey I want this stuff, I go and spend (WASTE) $5 on a game that makes it so most of my time is spent IN A LOADING SCREEN! :D But at least I remember the controls now! Thanks for taking my money!"
,Recommended,219640,16410062,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,yooperJM,FUN!
76561198016939498,Recommended,219640,3069756,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,RTK | Notorious BIG Fiddy,hella fun game
76561198118789556,Recommended,219640,18563421,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Bennire,"A really fun game that I highly recommend, especially if it is on sale."
,Recommended,219640,12240118,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Healy,I chopped a guys arms legs and head off 20/10
76561198048382348,Recommended,219640,8041409,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,FlackeRaw,hurp durp knurhgts n swurds n exes
76561198038748621,Recommended,219640,11905613,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,RexxySexy,Really fun and also really difficult ^_^ i just really hate the pro's with they're OP♥♥♥♥♥moves
,Recommended,219640,10174481,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Paytron5000,RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGEyeah its an ok game.
76561198073230373,Recommended,219640,9613417,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Dinkleberg,fun.
,Not Recommended,219640,9824792,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Ok JFI Dickeys,british men screaming and poking u with stuff
,Recommended,219640,26118390,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Dave,i want to die
,Recommended,219640,28488184,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Parthas,This game is just amazing. It never gets old and it has a smooth combat system. This game is definitely recommended!
,Not Recommended,219640,17731889,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,She got a donk,"and they say Chivalry is dead...it is, who even plays this♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore?"
,Recommended,219640,6748091,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,EatMyToasty,"t90g-prd[ogprt'dfogikjgopr[tofd,mjgoiretlfd"
,Recommended,219640,8999065,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Vinseant,Who needs tea bagging when you can decapitate and mutilate corpses?!FORR THE ORDEEEERR
,Not Recommended,219640,9860693,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,AGaming,"Boring, overrated, tries too hard to be fun, but it's bretty bad."
,Recommended,219640,6356661,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,stonky honky,God dam this♥♥♥♥♥♥is wack
76561198071795054,Recommended,219640,18585611,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,BLACK BANDIT,why can i post a review when i dont even own the game :/
,Not Recommended,219640,21891697,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Onyxbrent,"It is not a bad game at all really but i cant play this game at all anymore because people abuse the tactic were you spin around to get a kill and its really annoying. Before this all happen i had fun and couldnt stop playing the damn game but until this came upon us this game went down hill. This move takes alot of time and effort to get the hang out of and i must say to whom ever figured it out congrats but i must add ""You have no ♥♥♥♥ING LIFE."" It absorbes you so much to even learn the move you lose precious time in your life. So unless the move can rid of its self then the game can be fun again."
76561198028905147,Recommended,219640,15629949,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Трісен,"♥♥♥♥ THIS LOSER GAME ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥I HATE IT SO MUCH I COULD KILL THE DEVELOPER WITH A FORK. THE GUNS ARE STUPID, YOU ARE STUPID, GREG FARSHALL IS STUPID, HASBRO IS STUPID, BILL GATES IS A BILLIONARE, COD IS FOR FAGGTS."
76561198055627235,Recommended,219640,16363580,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mobachiize,"I was play with friend and we got diferent color. It was in FFA and we last to alive. I pit against him. ""mobachiize is kill"" he says. ""No"" as I hack him to bits"
76561198087365051,Recommended,219640,8268288,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mightyimmortls,"i recommend this game to all of my friends (man walks away) THAT WAS CLOSE. Seriously, it is an amazing game."
,Not Recommended,219640,24514119,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,mira,Nights are for ♥♥♥♥ing nerds lmao worst game ive ever played.
,Not Recommended,219640,19931042,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Boss,"First time playing,♥♥♥♥♥♥players blaming me for not playing well because i'm still a newbie and they treat me like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Indeed this game is has a toxic community. Not recommended if you are not into a medieval games."
76561198079460298,Not Recommended,219640,24835556,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Dildo Faggins,ABSOLUTE    S H I T    GAME. PLAYERS ARE ALL GRIEFERS AND HACKERS. SWING POINT BLANK AND BLOOD COMES OUT OF HIS NECK? NO HIT. HE HAS A SLOWER MOVING WEAPON AND YOU START THE SWING FIRST? YOU GET HIT FOR 90% HEALTH. ABSOLUTE    S   H  I  T.     WHEN YOU MAKE A LOBBY WITH FRIENDS ITS GREAT BUT AGAINST RANDOMS?      F  U  C  K     THAT BULL   S   H   I   T   . 10/10 WORST GAME I HAVE EVER PURCHASED AND THAT INCLUDES WALLACE AND     F   U   C   K   I   N   G     GROMMET ON THE ORIGIONAL XBOX. I WANT MY   ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING    MONEY BACK!
,Recommended,219640,30024379,Posted: 18 February,all,beesus,its good when you get agatha because you scream deus vult better than 4honor because 4honor is black people game
76561198281627781,Not Recommended,219640,30811327,Posted: 29 March,all,-Burbulas,add match making plz
76561198229838408,Recommended,219640,23846925,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Soap,"Chivalry has unique combat that i wish were in other titles, it runs well and is still worth getting hours on"
,Recommended,219640,11546245,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Thur,Fun blood and guts! Worth the $6 i got it for!
76561198093966252,Recommended,219640,25304788,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Fluux,"It's like Call of Duty, but better."
,Not Recommended,219640,18487611,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,MiniMeth® ✅,"Was great fun, is not anymore...What happened?Go ahead and leave a comment!"
76561197961802719,Recommended,219640,18488082,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Butters,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH10/10
76561198090070562,Recommended,219640,18488272,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Gremlin426,smash and decapitate people 10/10 would smash and cut again.
76561198262492533,Recommended,219640,33298548,Posted: 5 July,all,Serge Thire,Great game the only thing is you must play for a while to get the feeling of it after that it awsome!
,Not Recommended,219640,15890099,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,kantek,"największe♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥świata, nie kupujcie tego, 1/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,15892604,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,[TA] Tommy W.,"I liked this game.... I really did...... But after you get past the great graphics.... and the cool B.S that they put in the game..... You find it's terrible troll community with it's terrible movement and hitbox system, Literally you could be a knight in a full set of armor and spin around in the air like a F\/Ck!ng ballerina and chop your head off. I just wasted my time and money with this game and I will never get it back."
,Not Recommended,219640,14716217,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Commie Face Puncher™,Game crashes and wont even start. Mac support is horrible. Absolutely trash. 0/10.
76561198030892308,Recommended,219640,18017002,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,borus,"I tried to be an archer, I shot all of my freinds. :("
,Recommended,219640,8139912,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,CrazyShooter,fantastic game
76561198064565313,Recommended,219640,13366868,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Kaki,"Yes this game have bugs, Yes its the graphics are horrible, YES ITS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!! :DOne of the best games in my libary at the moment, no matter how much you suck or how many bugs you encounter, you still gona love this♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game :D"
,Recommended,219640,13408341,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Xaba1993,Love his game recommendet from me buyhis game you like it !
76561198120028055,Recommended,219640,13378434,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Lugger,♥♥♥♥ing best game ever
,Recommended,219640,13310081,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,[Impact Blue] Hero_,"Too laggy, cannot give proper review. Will change once I get off this potatoe."
,Recommended,219640,14214565,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Pappa Gunther,¯\_(ツ)_/¯╔══════╗║Mediocre║╚══════╝Fairly good medieval multiplayer game. Yet has it's flaws in the engine.Lots of joy to be had while playing with your friends.
76561198105625045,Recommended,219640,13341946,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Domis #OneManArmy,Great game..
,Recommended,219640,26024108,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Halo Jumpa,dank
,Not Recommended,219640,27379524,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,-VirginityStealer-,"The animations are kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥, the game is hard to run for such a cheap game, and it's very hard to play. It depends on what you like if you like this game. I'm not hating, I just do not like it."
76561198001590620,Not Recommended,219640,16117895,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,$team is full of shits,how 2 play chivalry:mouse sensitivty to 660get parkinsonsequip maulwin
76561198271830427,Recommended,219640,28840641,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,.E.S.Irish,Great Game Play it all the Time!!
76561198197472038,Not Recommended,219640,33644916,Posted: 18 July,all,IckySticky,just here to hate cause i suck at the game
,Recommended,219640,30832169,Posted: 30 March,all,Combat Wombat,Can kill muslims 10/10
76561197989123482,Not Recommended,219640,18892951,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,WIGGAGATTS,"everyone is waaaaaay too good at the game, its hard to have fun let alone get better when everyone is level 50"
76561198015842629,Not Recommended,219640,16212833,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Kensen468,"Deadly boring. It's Counterstrike in a Medieval dress. Nothing new, nothing innovative. Content-wise not accurate."
,Recommended,219640,21860360,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,BOT Jack,If you love respawn delayt then you'll absolutely adore this game 0/10 not call of duty.
,Recommended,219640,12484967,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Slash,Awesome game i love it
,Recommended,219640,6762813,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Abducted Pug,Es Buenisimo
76561198144345082,Recommended,219640,16380757,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,xeny@,oyunun içinin dokuları ve ses efektleri muazzam oynanması gereken oyunlardan biri
76561198157201854,Recommended,219640,16380890,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Fat Nigga,i like it
76561198025067137,Recommended,219640,16382299,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tortilla Recall,THis game is guds
,Not Recommended,219640,11064682,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,the original fuckboy,this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ only tkers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198091203454,Recommended,219640,26084017,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,MUMSON,is the best medieval warefare game ive ever played 10/10 would have a sick 2 v 5 and win again
76561198106290051,Recommended,219640,28844875,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Akira,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,219640,29868810,Posted: 12 February,all,MarWood,Chivalry hands dow is a great game but I find there is too big of problems that I can recommend this game to anyone.The game it's self is brilliant and I have sunk many hours of enjoyment into it. The biggest issue I have with the game is the optimisation of the game. this is because first of all the highest resolution you can run this game in is 1280 x 1080 which in itself would but me off but the larger problem is the quality of graphics. I should be able to run this at high setting but I lag on low for now readson and this really disuades me from the game.All in all Chivelry is a great game but I find that there is too many issues with the game for me to recommend the game to anyone.
76561198104052219,Recommended,219640,23232545,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Shokka,Best game on Steam
76561198315478531,Not Recommended,219640,26316404,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,jemel004,Horrible game. Requires the use of to many keys and mouse to play
,Recommended,219640,30274289,Posted: 2 March,all,Silenius_,Death to the Agatha
,Recommended,219640,30269044,Posted: 1 March,all,Angry__Bull,Good
,Not Recommended,219640,13564843,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Master Nurmi,"Distances & Aim feel off.No pummel from block.Flat terrain, like playing Oblivion.That said, it's very hard to actually hit other players unless I run against their bodies, so it doesn't matter which weapon am I using and its just about the positioning."
76561198046669210,Recommended,219640,28569388,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,adel.hrron™,games 8/10
76561198134005489,Recommended,219640,21067548,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DCC (Trading),Kills teammates with archer class.Gets kicked.Keeps doing it...No more server left..is banned on allIt was fun..
,Not Recommended,219640,9894102,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,davezorz,"Pretty awful game, pretty awful people, pretty awful servers. I wouldn't recommend playing this unless you love slow games with no real benefit as you level up. The only game mode worth playing is Free-For-All, which is Call of Duty with swords and bows. Worst purchase on Steam, ever."
,Recommended,219640,8485762,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,HarmfullCape38,I love this game so realistic. Its really to play. Works with a Pc xbox controller. My Favourite game. 9/10 i would recommend it :)
,Recommended,219640,8029834,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Ghost,AWESOME!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,6910082,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Tricky,"Its on sale! You should get it, Its laggy though if your computer is slow. Just lower the graphics and play on a ffa map. But for most people its good on a few maps I dont lag at all and I kick some peoplez asses with my swords and shtuff. Very fun game if you get used to it. Its hard though! Challenging and a team game. Brutal aswell slicing off your enemys head or getting a snipe shot across the map with a crossbow. Really fun only 6 bucks right now. I'd get it if I didn't have it already. I'd like to play with someone so someone should get it.""Besiege castles and raid villages in Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, a fast-paced medieval FPS (Slasher with a Multi-player online focus)Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a first-person slasher with a focus on multi-player. Featuring competitive online combat that seeks to capture the experience of truly being on a medieval battlefield. Inspired from the intensity and epicness of swordfighting movies such as 300, Gladiator and Braveheart, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare aims to bring that experience to the hands of a gamer."" ;)"
,Not Recommended,219640,9748997,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Chocolatedonkey,Chivalry is dead
,Recommended,219640,9630357,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,The Bodacious Bro,Buy this game so you can learn to live the right way
,Recommended,219640,8052304,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Mr.Ducky,BADASS IF U BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,219640,8061612,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,RedneckJP007,best best best !!! :D
,Recommended,219640,8061691,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,[asc] Lionheart2477,"amazing in all it's glory, simply amazing..."
,Recommended,219640,8048702,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Laurgo,BUY IT
,Recommended,219640,8048964,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Mr.Penguin,AWSOME GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,14643517,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Neo! 본좌,this game sucks donkey♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,10940852,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,GrandRiser,"Nice game. It feels so good when you kill your enemy at a swing, chop their body parts off, and scream out battle cry. Sometimes TK could happen, but that is the fun part of this game. I laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off when i accidentally killed friendly unit. lol. What I don't feel good is that I feel too stiff swinging weapons in this game. I think they need to tweak the animation speed, movement speed a bit, so players won't feel too stiff. Also, I prefer there's a damage/hit success indicator, indicating our damage landed/slashed succesfully.This game is like battle systems in Skyrim, where you can block enemy's attack, swing them at cost of stamina, pace your sword swings carefully, and hit the enemy hard enough so they die. But more realistic. Truly needs skill, practice and knowledge/experience to win most duels with enemy, not just a hacking and slashing game."
,Recommended,219640,14226890,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,About4Ducks,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198128646968,Recommended,219640,14592163,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,puunkeeh,"Pros:+Gameplay is fun.+The maps are AMAZING.+The 4 classes (archer, man at arms, vanguard and knight) play differently and feel very unique.+The team-objective game-mode is awesome.+Graphics are nice.+Character customization.+A LOT of replayability, you won't get bored very soon.+Great soundtrack.+Very skill-based.Cons:-Not very well optimized.-The game-modes except team-objective are not that good.-A little hard for begginers.Overall, this game is awesome and it's very cheap (I got it for 4 euros on steam sales).Best medieval game imo. (At least until For Honor comes out)."
76561198121346151,Not Recommended,219640,13062115,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,byrd twinkie,terrible game where you have to spend money get good and when you play bots there too stupid worsed dicition of my life is playing this game
,Recommended,219640,13023355,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Ugly God,badassjk havent played iti like pizzago die
76561198119517048,Recommended,219640,14280461,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Niall No Smile,very good
76561198023002932,Recommended,219640,13026913,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,cripple,Agatha knight 2underpower pls nerf hogwartz ty
76561198111402087,Not Recommended,219640,10395723,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,GUTTS BERSERK,"Awesome game like cuddling kittens? But better,less,soft to or as well if you prefere?  It is not worth spending money on though unlike kittens?  Kittens are like katts that arent fully grown?  NO homo?  Card games on motorcycles?"
76561198095373186,Recommended,219640,17471748,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,ReichWing,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
76561198066431704,Not Recommended,219640,28238739,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Alexterr,A game not to be bought!There are almost no players unless during free weekends. And in the 1 or 2 matches you find (with just two or three players inside) you get kicked 50% of times with no reason 10 seconds after you joined! An absolute waste of money.
,Recommended,219640,14535589,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Asenicz,"Great Gameplay, Great Atmosphere, Great Mods, Fun with Friends, so go and just buy it."
,Recommended,219640,14527819,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Daddy,10/10 team killing simulator of the year 2015 :)
,Recommended,219640,14531488,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Haze,"one of the best games ive ever had the fortune of playing, buy this game immediately!"
,Recommended,219640,19641151,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Gamer,Best team killing simulator i ever play
76561198153441446,Not Recommended,219640,12561617,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Accusedbee486,I don't know why but when i downloaded the game it came up to a chivialry screen that had blue and red the blue said chivialry so i clicked on that and it just went back to the homescreen
,Not Recommended,219640,23221106,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Reaper,This is you when you gonna play Chivalry Against/With High ranked peoplehttps://media.giphy.com/media/xT0GqGNywRCCmiXEqc/giphy.gif
,Recommended,219640,13793592,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,lil mop,I like it when they bleed :)
,Recommended,219640,14912315,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,SkiLLzThAtKiLL88,You're a b!tch if you don't like this game.
,Recommended,219640,15913109,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,prwizet,"Good game,The graphics are ok and I enjoy very much when I play it, especially with friends."
,Recommended,219640,16054929,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,I hate humans,Nice
,Recommended,219640,16052545,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,NaTrolleon,"The ""glug-glug-glug"" noise that one guy makes as you cut him in half with a broadsword alone makes this game worth every penny. It's like Skyrim with swords! 10/10-IGN"
,Recommended,219640,16003585,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ScaredyHam,i love this game
,Recommended,219640,16060091,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,T.H.U.G LIFE,10/10 IGNLimbs decapitation ahead
,Recommended,219640,16064874,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,FoetusBoy,Buy it.
76561198059603013,Recommended,219640,16041293,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Rexor,Mlgmntndwepr0dancinskeelz
76561198141272296,Recommended,219640,16056360,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,BossSausageGeezus,THIS GAME IS EPIC!!! everything i ever dreamed of!
,Not Recommended,219640,13136972,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ElvenArcher,I looked at some gameplay and rewieves. Then played a bit. Combat mechanics are different than usual tps swordplay and very clunky. i didn't enjoy it. maybe you can. i can't recommend it.
76561197997995942,Not Recommended,219640,8138504,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Commissar Obvious,"This isnt a game, its a beta gone bad."
,Recommended,219640,19917005,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,R0x0R`,I will send a random positive review altough I don't have this game ..
76561197990737080,Not Recommended,219640,19920282,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,GitGud,terrible terrible dmg
,Recommended,219640,18679531,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,plofkipcs,Decapitating Simulator 2012
76561198154676464,Not Recommended,219640,18357296,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Just Wanking Around,What A Piece Of♥♥♥♥♥♥Game Even KeyBind Doesnt Work In It
,Recommended,219640,2327552,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,ASSBUTT Dave the Father of Feels,"If you don't buy this game, you're gay"
76561198073266358,Recommended,219640,9934197,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Biggie Smalls,I hate everyone that plays this. 10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,19926653,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SoFeint,medival minecraft
,Not Recommended,219640,19922097,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,GuestVeea,"♥♥♥♥♥mechanics, awful community."
,Recommended,219640,20951190,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,actually going insane,actually could put 10/10 but i will give a 8/10 because there are new player servers but there are tryhard level 26s and its quite hard to rank up when you have work and stuff not much time to play
76561197998495270,Not Recommended,219640,9357189,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,[SST] Hacksword,"Terrible game, even worse community. Bad sauce all the way around."
76561198253189376,Not Recommended,219640,23353644,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Camper[S1MPLE],so bad game ever and to much blood!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,28446814,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,alcohols nipple,i pressed c a whole lot
76561198108340504,Recommended,219640,26678466,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Archie74,Chilvalry good game cuz chilvalry
,Not Recommended,219640,23561521,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,DropkickCabby,The game sux! dont waste your money
,Recommended,219640,10156306,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Purple-shirted Eye Stabber,1.Fun2.Exite10/10 game
,Not Recommended,219640,18567998,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Kiete,Game is great but for mac users it laggs too bad even against 5 bots! maybe get this game in the future when they sort out this issue
76561198246467158,Not Recommended,219640,26318843,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,✪Max.Inc,The multiplayer doesn't work
,Recommended,219640,10922625,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Nagoomppa,alright
76561198126157520,Recommended,219640,16094436,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,The Humble Worker ☭,FUN FUN FUN I LOVE IT
,Recommended,219640,16041882,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Khan,The only game where I can let my inner Genghis loose.
76561198036960971,Not Recommended,219640,15228421,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,BIG BLACK BRUCE,What do you get when you recreate a windows based game and make it for mac... An unplayable mess of lag
,Not Recommended,219640,14698796,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Purim,"its like call of duty with swords, which is pretty gay."
76561198064215349,Recommended,219640,30824196,Posted: 29 March,all,predator,DEUS VULT
,Recommended,219640,16899152,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Soldier 76,Online Skyrim.
,Recommended,219640,15184210,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,☣Dgn☣,Midleage batlle.I love cut people
,Not Recommended,219640,31384612,Posted: 26 April,all,Omega Force,Generic medieval pvp with 10-20 bots stuck at spawn and bugging through textures
76561198050929218,Recommended,219640,10158451,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,willnotlose,THIS IS THE COOLEST GAME EVER
76561198075262723,Not Recommended,219640,31868611,Posted: 20 May,all,x),so u think being a knight and fighting other knights is cool?? no.
76561197979562472,Recommended,219640,826502,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Kolt_Drakon,"In two words: Melee Counterstrike (plus arrows, of course).Like chess, it's simple to learn but difficult to master. There's a ton of depth to what is otherwise a simple set of game mechanics (3 types of attacks: stab which has the farthest reach, overhead when attacks from above and does the most damage, and horizontal slash which is the easiest to land and can hit people to the side of you, plus parrying/blocking strikes and dodging/strafing), just like how in CS you're basically just pointing your cursor and shooting people, yet there's also the matter of crouching to move silently, effective use of cover, and being able to accurate hit people and score headshots while not getting killed yourself. Yet even here, the gameplay has even more depth to it than CS, and being able to effectively parry enemies' attacks and not get hit while at the same time being able to hit them without getting parried or blocked is very challenging. The challenge is what makes it fun for me though, and what keeps me coming back for more. The weapons in the game are also very balanced for the most part, there is a lot of variety in the weapons each class can use.Just like CS you can quickly jump into a game and be instantly in the action, either playing many rounds for a long time or just playing a couple to kill some time and then dropping it. There are also several different game types, ranging from FFA and Team Deathmatch to team objective-based game types.So really, the best comparison I can make in terms of gameplay is to Counterstrike, just with swords/axes/spears/etc (with associated close-combat mechanics) and (cross)bows. I highly recommend this, as I have found it to be a great alternative when taking a break from Natural Selection 2 (which you should also get lol)."
,Recommended,219640,28381731,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Captain Ahab,"Es bueno, si."
76561198115113474,Recommended,219640,16098494,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Grumblyspace386,yes its sooo fun
,Recommended,219640,14735639,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,twitch.tv/AnimeFigureArts,"A Must-Buy Game. Very Realistic and Funny Game. This game is simply like, the middle age of Europe version of Call of duty or Battlefield. you will probably almost not regret buying this game. This supports Linux as well!"
76561197975479002,Recommended,219640,10020296,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,EwokOverlord,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGATH!
,Recommended,219640,10116474,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,sshamm,The game is action packed and gave me hours of fun.  Something you can casually jump into inbetween a busy schedule.
76561198134656181,Recommended,219640,10074242,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Krawbeard,"Definitely worth buying.  Partial gamepad support and no options to turn up stick sensitivity with no button for dodge, but can still rack up some points playing with it, I'm sure the Xpadder can help with some of those buttons just not sensitivity.    Overall I tend to lose track of time when playing this, so for me thats a sign of a good game.  With or without the expansions its great to have in your collection."
,Recommended,219640,28569929,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ανωνυμουσ,Battlefield: Agatha Crusade
,Recommended,219640,16079626,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Dramm,"It's some bugs here or there, but if youre really into RPGs, then maybe you should check it out. Should use a better community though since some people really enjoy killing their own people on their team."
,Recommended,219640,10306409,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,n1 xD,Prepare your self for GETTING KILLED BY YOUR OWN TEAMMATES...EVERYsingleTIME... <3best game ever 11/10 would buy again
,Not Recommended,219640,23925078,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Spotify,clearly pay to win. do not buy this game.nothing more than a money waste.
,Not Recommended,219640,16046795,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,(Magi) Ya to Sha,KICK NOOBS THEY ARE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AND ARE DUMB
,Recommended,219640,280552,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Needs Food Badly,"This is basically Mount and Blade's multiplayer combat with the violence factor increased several times. That is the entire game. That said, it's really fun to play and watch, and easier to learn than M&B. The violence is completely hilarious."
,Not Recommended,219640,18560454,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Dr. Frasier Crane,"Quite boring and slow, really. I could see the appeal for some, definitely, but it is not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,219640,14029274,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,๖The Notorious™,"An Awesome Hack'n Slash Game, bugs are mostly gone , but it will take some time for the devs to remove all the bugs and glitches , but still this is one hell of a melee game! get it 10/10"
76561198123409835,Recommended,219640,28781993,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,♠V♠ Twonkie,I hate this game it's ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ It can literally suck my indonesian♥♥♥♥♥
76561198060991079,Recommended,219640,31111782,Posted: 13 April,all,eggstinct,Cheap man's for honor
,Recommended,219640,19919338,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,StephLux,Basically a CS with swords. 10/10 would slash people again.
,Recommended,219640,10143739,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,thegreekeconomy,"I really loved this game, really recomend it the first person aspect is great. Very unique."
76561198044035668,Recommended,219640,10143557,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Strangerinmytub,"Press Shift+C, charge into the middle of enemy lines with a massive warhammer crushing the skulls of dozens of rebel scum, while screaming incoherently like a drunk donkey. This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,10021095,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Goy,Gore and dismemberment makes the game perfect.
,Recommended,219640,10088940,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,PrisTine,awesme and fun
76561197978474446,Recommended,219640,10008284,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,kareful,Its ok as far as mechanics. Hard and unforgiving. A good game for those who like challenges. Worth but on sale.
,Recommended,219640,10008986,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Gory,"I've been watching Kingdom of Heaven on repeat and now I cannot stop playing this game. Fortunately, I'm yet to contract leprosy or face Saladin in battle."
,Recommended,219640,10030973,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Barrio505,"Don't know what all these bugs are that people speak of as I've not seen many really. I have come accross hackers however, but not all too often. I find the only problem is the cheapness of 3rd person fighting, the methods people begin to use to swing wildy are absurd, you can filter servers for 1st person only but it seems everyone prefers 3rd person so they can also play cheaply. I'm not hardcore into this game but as a faster paced fighting/action game, it is pretty good. There may be imbalances but they don't seem all that bad since the patches. So forget what these haters are saying, just remember: 3rd person is cheap as hell, and that is about it as far as frustrations go. I would recommend this as a casual play to let off some steam and laugh a bit, just don't take it too serious as this community likes to be racist, facist, vulgar, and just plain stupid really :)"
76561198086335643,Recommended,219640,10052948,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,kukkusin trepist alla,kõwa
76561198091912596,Recommended,219640,10074198,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Bryhno,PLEASE MAKE THIS FOR MAC
76561198062823867,Recommended,219640,10074797,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,IDrowseBritI,"a couple of words pillage,swords and gore"
,Recommended,219640,10076663,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,JoshTheBassist,Worth the money.  A great easy multiplayer game.  Make sure to play with friends for lots of laughs.
76561198084502950,Recommended,219640,10088961,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,JiveTurkeyJukes,Got decapitated.10/10
76561197978947921,Recommended,219640,10121103,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Aldakos,its t3h l0lz0rzxzx k1ck 4$$ z0mg kkthxbi
,Recommended,219640,10121578,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Relic Entertainment,i would play this but my pc only runs it at like 0.5fps so its like im playing as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ knight and everyon else is super man
76561198052329030,Recommended,219640,10141811,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Doted,Realistic killing game. Would recommend if you plan on doing so
76561198092370845,Recommended,219640,10142746,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Ceasar,this game is amazing its worth the price
76561198068135959,Recommended,219640,10143222,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,The Salty Doge,it is a fun game
76561197972316222,Recommended,219640,7642308,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Gurgel Brannare,Best online multiplayer 2012!
,Recommended,219640,20282893,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Julius Caesar,I decapitated 5 people in a single hit while on fire in a huge cloud of smoke while shouting gibberish...GOTY 2016
,Recommended,219640,7748752,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,SavaTom,GREAT GAME and Im not very good at it. No time to get any better right now. They put this on 66% sale quite often!
,Recommended,219640,18495445,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Oreo,This game combines piano skills and your skills from the game Simply Chess it promotes german supremacy and destructive behavior i would not recommened this game for fifthgraders or above the gore factor is very low and you will never ever find a server with friendly and respective people over all i give it an 8 out of ten from my dunkview.
76561198273702991,Not Recommended,219640,24328235,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,K5 - LenTiko,DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY first the game is broken in lots of ways. The game is super overpriced it shouldbe 5-10 dollars not 24                 Training/tutorial is broken at the ♥♥♥♥ing overhead his side.i want and will get a refund. 3\10 for trying
,Recommended,219640,9397456,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,James Gaff,"This game is so very cool! It's so very addictive and competetive! I would highly reccomend this to anyone who loves Pvp, Medival fighting and cool castles!"
,Not Recommended,219640,7445065,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,ϟϟ CptAssCheeks,"Man at arms is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly overpowered, 3 hit combo autokills vanguard and presumably archer. Lets say you block his first hit and swing, either the shitbox will let him win or he'll DODGE (lo y evin hav blok>??) and hit again as you recover, once he gets the first hit in just accept it because he hits with the second/third swing before you recover. The only way to survive 1v1 with MaOP is the help of a teammate. The only method of beating  MaOP is gangbang, which is the only guaranteed method of killing anyone.Shitboxes are so goddamn horrible and often blocks will break randomly regardless of the striking weaponPriorities are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in general of course arent most in online gaymes where melee is involvedHammerv2 for the knight is so good theres no need for any other class or weapon, it's slow enough that if you block when he raises to swing you get hit because you wasted your .4 actual block time and if you strike as not man at overpowered then he'll beat you to itArcher is luckman from tf2DO NOT BUY"
,Recommended,219640,28381316,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,=Pepper*Spray==,lou giving the chopp
76561198282924860,Not Recommended,219640,33723408,Posted: 22 July,all,Max3447,IT SUCKS
76561198040214260,Not Recommended,219640,15030487,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,herbzula,R
76561198214612456,Recommended,219640,16075197,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Rabidgoat69,"Fun, Fast, worth the £4 I spent on it but its not worth £18 no way."
,Recommended,219640,16362440,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Wiff,Can chop people's heads off. 11/10-IGN
76561198199317089,Not Recommended,219640,17761524,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Gandhi Floss,"Worst game I have ever played.To start the game is severely broken. Like glitches, bugs, exploits run ravage through the game although the developers clearly have no interest in fixing any issues. In the eyes of torn banner this is a dead game, you are much better off buying a game with a dedicated team because you DEFINITELY wont find it here.Not to mention the lack of any new content, unless you like paying outragious prices for weapon and armour skins. The game is severely broken and I'd reccommend buying a bottle of vodka instead because you will have much more fun drinking it than playing this.There is no such thing as a community, everyone hates each other and will instantly kick you from a game if your ping is above 90. YES that's right, you will be kicked for the stupidest of reasons no matter what. Also the game is so unfairly balanced any new players will kick themselves out of frustration for buying it.In conclusion, this is a dead game with horrible developers who have no interest in futhering the game, let alone fixing it. The community is toxic and incredibly harsh on newer players. I bought this game in the steam sale and believe me, it wasn't cheap enough then so don't pay full price. You're a sap if you do. Buy a better game like cs go, rust, arc, mount & blade. Heck even adventure quest is 1000 times better than this pile of manure. JUST DON'T BUY."
76561198080735947,Not Recommended,219640,16986963,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,HazelTerror,A game focused entirely on medieval combat but the blocking doesn't work 1/5 of the time.  Quality.
69696969996669696,Recommended,219640,16381982,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hitler for gay marriage,GODDAMN ARCHERS!!! HKIJABLASFGHERMAGIRED
,Recommended,219640,2535182,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Suave,"Chivalry is one of those few games that does what it says on the tin, so to speak. Well, aside from opening doors for big-breasted girls. You're a soldier of a non-descript medieval army fighting on either side of a civil war which means you get to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥ In the act of killing♥♥♥♥♥♥you have three different ways of doing so. You can either stab, swing or overhead attack depending on the situation. This control scheme is elegantly handled with your scroll wheel. Blocking also has to be precisely timed and aimed, meaning each block feels earned. On top of this, with each attack you can feign, pulling back at the last second, and fool your opponent into blocking early.The result is a fun and often chaotic brawler with each fight feeling as gritty and sluggish as a fight between two heavily armoured men would be in real life (aside from the fact the only people who do so now are fat neckbeards). I end up spending a ridiculous amount of time poking people to death because I'm an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. But goddamn poking people with sticks is more fun in this game than any game I've played.The game does have its problems, however. Iffy hitboxes and general bugs aside, archers are the biggest problem. In a game with a well thought out melee mechanic it boggles the mind as to why they added such a class. Often you're too sluggish to dodge their arrows coming from half a map away and they generally feel cheap and aggravating. There's nothing more frustrating than dueling someone whilst an archer constantly takes potshots at you from afar. Seriously, I've seen red over these archer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.TL;DR - REALLY FUN MULTIPLAYER GAME ONCE YOU GET A HANG OF THE MELEE MECHANICS BUT ARCHERS CAN ♥♥♥♥ OFF. GODDAMN ♥♥♥♥ING ARCHERS.- Suave ""Pokes with a big stick"" Mongrel"
,Recommended,219640,26327192,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Str8 Boolin,"Spicier than my grandma's tacos, so i guess you can say it was worth every penny."
76561198073369865,Recommended,219640,15444516,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Email,gg
,Recommended,219640,30664955,Posted: 22 March,all,Cyrus,ШВАРЛИ!
,Recommended,219640,31188165,Posted: 16 April,all,eddy the edge lord,i dont know how to change my resalutiong i keep getting 1/4 of the screen
76561198157536192,Not Recommended,219640,26587155,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Stormageddon,Worst game I've ever played even for $6
,Recommended,219640,16042058,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,✪ 车 十 八 点 八 ☓,Great game where you spent 20 arrows to kill an enemy #The Arrow
,Not Recommended,219640,13531029,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Nas,too many scrubs
,Not Recommended,219640,13531301,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pnukup,its eh
76561198175887567,Not Recommended,219640,14690943,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,The OG Crimson is back,mine wont load and it will  probly will do it to you so dont get this game also if your reading this tell the steam guys to fix it
76561198079336201,Recommended,219640,10339650,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Galiper,its veri sweg
76561198129305185,Recommended,219640,13951404,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Im a bro,yes
,Not Recommended,219640,17091890,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Major Ocelot,Terrible... everything about this game is terrible.
76561198100632969,Recommended,219640,18316735,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Gucci Sweatpants,"good community, good stuff"
,Recommended,219640,18380005,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Tassie Dingo,Great game.
76561198054774189,Recommended,219640,18434824,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ToastyPrawn,"After rank 15, teams are stacked, opponents are of insanely disporportionate rank and mid rank matches don't exist. Is that relevant to enjoyment? Not whatsoever. Grab a few friends, and start the slaughter."
,Recommended,219640,30327560,Posted: 4 March,all,"Pebble, the goy who cried Shoah",♥♥♥♥ing gnarly my negroid pal
76561198125658643,Not Recommended,219640,26036254,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,John MacClane,It took me a while to realize this game has no strategy. Its mostly gang bangers and laggers. Do not play. Gets very boring.
,Not Recommended,219640,17919066,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,dick butt ass,game is like a box of choclates. Its good for about 20 minutes then you try to find something else to do.
76561198038929861,Not Recommended,219640,16119605,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,WhiteLightNL,Please don't buy this game. The gameplay is terrible. Mostly you will get killed by people that playing 50+ hours a day this game and use those fake Mechaniks......
,Not Recommended,219640,16119474,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Sparushkyッ,It's not so funny as i was thinking...pretty hard game...♥♥♥♥♥♥ development
,Recommended,219640,8990170,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,jordjord,like tf2 but with swords
,Not Recommended,219640,24459953,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Apache,"This game is full of salty players who flame at you for ""Getting in the way"" when they run into battle swinging everywhere. Teamkilling is to common for a game with such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat system, where all you have to do is spin around in circles contorting your body so you can't be hit. The players aren't fair or honourable fighters, they will do anything cheap and dirty to win a duel like spinning or spamming kick to lower your stamina so you can't block. Guitar Hero has a better combat system than Chivalry and it isn't even a fighting game."
,Recommended,219640,19191511,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,YetiBaptist,https://www♥♥♥♥♥com/r/yetibaptist-56506108724dc
,Recommended,219640,27878225,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,$hifty,I nominated this game for THE “TEST OF TIME” because is an old game and is very realistic.
76561198056939253,Recommended,219640,19593691,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,CaptainSteephs,.
76561198067989250,Not Recommended,219640,19888284,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,White Knight,imagine seeing your mom naked and getting an erection
,Recommended,219640,28088580,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,fred is gay like a gay,my freinds dsdonts plays thsi with mes soi fyou have freinds sprepare sfor thesms yo tnever play
,Recommended,219640,16397490,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,sp@inis15#CSGOsick.com,plz copentivite
,Not Recommended,219640,29814718,Posted: 9 February,all,M4CB,"MAC Users Only:DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEThis game, no matter how fun (and it is really quite a fun game), is completely unoptomized for MAC. When I say completely, I mean completely and utterly unoptomized. I'm not just talking about old MACs either. I bought my MAC in early 2014, and it had every bell and whistle that I could add. Apparently, the developers didn't even have access to a MAC when they ported it over. This poorly optomized piece of crap was made just to increase sales. They have known about the problem for years and have done absoutely nothing to rectify the situation. Feel free to look up how laggy this game is on MAC and how MAC users can use bootcamp and it runs perfectly fine on the same system. Unl;ess you have bootcamp (and if you do, obviously this review shouldn't apply to you) DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,219640,19183691,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,AxeAshbrooke,"Do you enjoy decapitating and/or being decapitated? If so this game is for you.It may not be the most realistic recreation of medieval combat, but it certainly is the most entertainting. Every encounter is like a complex game of rock-paper-scissors. Victory comes with a mix of luck, skill, and ability to read your opponent.More times than not, when you are killed you actually feel like you have been bested, and not cheated. This is rare for such a comptetitive combat game."
,Recommended,219640,33530832,Posted: 14 July,all,Fehlnir,Prequel to For Honor. It's less cartoony and has more heroes.
,Not Recommended,219640,29008688,Posted: 4 January,all,The Night King,Useless game
,Recommended,219640,26174120,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Schyde,"Crap, But lovely"
76561198126783889,Recommended,219640,34069777,Posted: 6 August,all,Jumbos Jimbo,meh
76561198081562452,Recommended,219640,6984355,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Denied Anal,Just play it and you will see ;)
,Recommended,219640,21393685,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,BLUEMARCUS. SHAMELESS,That type of games that you only care about killing.
,Not Recommended,219640,34200849,Posted: 12 August,all,Unipon,worst game ever
,Not Recommended,219640,34148515,Posted: 10 August,all,WULF,"Bad community - Dueling on TEAM battle modes,go on duel mode u ♥♥♥♥- You will get kicked playing as archer 99% of the time. Enjoy unlocking anything on him.- Some cancer members of community complaying on TEAM mode by how much they gotoutnumbered,again go duel mode♥♥♥♥♥The game is alright,but community is its biggest cancer. 7/10"
,Recommended,219640,16108478,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Brrr!,battle-axe the size of a small child gets repelled by small archer dagger10/10 would use hard-on as defender again
76561198072038039,Recommended,219640,14781038,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Keneno,"Zajebista giera, podobna do Mount & Blade Warband"
76561198163869280,Recommended,219640,29100253,Posted: 7 January,all,Horsey Horsington,Was beheaded by a player named ‘ISIS Member’
,Recommended,219640,11952923,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Nomad,Amputation Simulator!7/10
,Recommended,219640,26061961,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Gengar,It's good game
,Recommended,219640,11670622,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,MightyChicken,"CALL OF DUTY only using Swords, Sheilds and,,,,,Skill. If you like to knife people, this is the game 4 u"
,Recommended,219640,8049657,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,☪ P E B I S ☪,Fun game! shame about the bugs though. :s
,Recommended,219640,15890407,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Clubbins,"This game got a place in my heart the minute I managed decapitate someone's head.Flying body parts, medieval combat and blood painting its floors, you'll have many hours of fun with this!"
76561198248507274,Recommended,219640,24542986,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Ǥ³ || Oplik,kf2
,Not Recommended,219640,31033429,Posted: 8 April,all,Sutalffa,"Serious combat issues.  For starters, don't play this unless you have a machine that can reliably run 60fps.  You need to see every frame every couple hundredths of a second to see where the opponents' swings really are.  Combine that with lag, and you can get killed from being out of position extremely easily.  This is especially because of the♥♥♥♥♥♥kissing blocking mechanic that requires you to aim at the tip of the enemy blade.  You may not block the shaft of the blade which is especially annoying when using daggers or short swords at short range that could feasibly interrupt an enemy swing.  Kicking and dodging aren't as fast or far as they need to be for alternate defense techniques on a competitive level, so parrying is all you're really left with.On top of that, combat is very boring.  Everyone who's good wields 2h swords.  Yes, there are alternatives, but they're never used because they lack the range needed to be effective and they're plentily fast.  Shields are pointless since they can be carved around easily, maces are pointless since they're only effective against heavy armor, but good players really only play the light armored vanguard class with 2h swords, not the knight class.  There's no incentive to play the man-at-arms class because of how fast 2h swords can be wielded, how short dodging is, and how bad shields are.  Axes are pointless because they just slow you down.  They might deal more damage, but speed is the name of the game.  They also tend to have shorter range.  Polearms have a long range, but they're just too slow to use.There is also zero stamina cost for character rotation which means players can spin around as much as they want to accelerate/decelerate and misplace swings while the counters wear your character out.  Again, if you don't have a top notch machine, there will literally be nothing you can do because you'll get killed while seeing opponents not even facing you or having their weapons not reach you or pointing past you at an angle.  This especially happens when good players use backwards overhead swings.  The maneuver happens so fast because of crouching, spinning, leaning back, and swinging that your computer won't even show you that it happened.  Obviously, the correct thing is to aim down, but if you don't get the chance to see it, then you don't have a chance to block it.I say this because the system requirements advertised are 512meg vid card and 2 gigs of RAM.  How they came to those specs I have no clue.  I run a 2 gig vid card with 6 gigs of RAM and typically get 30-40fps, but it's not good enough to see what other players are really doing.Regardless, this game has a reputation of being a battle between ballerinas, and it definitely shows once you leave the level 0-15 noob servers.  Don't get me wrong.  The combat is vastly better than Mount and Blade which simply has you aim up, down, left, or right to execute a style of attack or block (and at least in Chivalry, you have to actually aim in first person at where the blade is swinging unlike in M+B where you can get away with third person and if you aim up from someone doing an upwards facing down-style attack you fail to block), but it still has its own can of worms.  If you're looking for realistic medieval combat, you won't find it here beyond how the game looks."
,Not Recommended,219640,29752555,Posted: 6 February,all,Ayfaise,borring combat that will always end by the intervention of a third guy. Don't buy it if you expect great fights
76561198004066778,Not Recommended,219640,21310539,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Blade,the comunity lets this game down you get trolled by some team killing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ try kick him 100 times no one votes then you fight back and kill him and every 1 kicks you then baned from match super gay
,Recommended,219640,31175312,Posted: 16 April,all,Peace of shit!!!,GOOD GAME!!!
76561198141674545,Not Recommended,219640,30988053,Posted: 6 April,all,rOOster,"Man this sucked. I was so hyped for this game, but it is unplayable for me. It ran at 15 fps on the lowest settings, and its not my computer, as I can run all of my other games just fine. From the gameplay I did get though, it seemed pretty fun. Too bad it was only 5 minutes."
,Recommended,219640,29227841,Posted: 13 January,all,Chef Michael Smith,Like Mount and Blade but for scrubs
,Recommended,219640,4215236,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,๖ۣۜDEAD HUNTER,THIS IS Chivalry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,16723688,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,HAPPY BDAY CHINA! 1949-2017,11/10 Would spear a Random guy in the♥♥♥♥♥♥again.I DONT HAVE THIS GAME??? WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ CAN I WRITE A REVIEW XDDDDDDDDD
76561198142925554,Not Recommended,219640,14042205,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,[LB] Waxman,"♥♥♥♥♥game concept is good,everything is great except so much teamkilling its dumb some people just go on a rampage of teamkilling and you cant even get him banned beacause not everybody votes its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,219640,24326613,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Deathlok,WHi DOes GAEM HAVE nOI GUNS>!>???!??//!!11 MAKE NO SINCE Is 20116 NOt 1931 OR wheNEVEr SORDS WHEre USED. BTW IM 12 LOL XDXDXDXD
,Not Recommended,219640,19281411,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,MrBlueish,me no like
,Recommended,219640,28473027,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,dannyisu,"11/10 IGN- ,,awersome gaem( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ),,Guys..just BUY IT!! 2.99 EURO CMON!!!!*just 1 day left..."
,Recommended,219640,28468831,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,one time i saw a dead guy,FUR THE REYD AN BLAYACK
76561198091734066,Not Recommended,219640,23276097,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Yo Boi Redgie,Pay money and use exploits to win
,Recommended,219640,14172964,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zharlie Sine Fine,I'm a noob and I love poking people with spears and forks.
,Recommended,219640,16508983,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,oprogromowowanie,Nice game but very overpriced. Buy this on sale and you will be happy :D
76561198050125833,Recommended,219640,26054428,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Lord Derpington,I think the game is very fun and for £2.69 it is well worth the price.Also please not disregard NiceGuyAlis's review he is totaly wrong and also he smells.
76561198041026947,Recommended,219640,15171425,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,WilliamTheLion,"Laggy, very , very laggy. bad community. too many players using vanguard so u  end up being kill by your own team mates. Buy it if u only play with friend 6 vrs 6. Get the xbox 360 version and host so u never lag..Dont buy"
,Recommended,219640,12706014,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,✠GreenGarnish✠,I remember playing Age of Chivalry back in the days and i must say Medieval Warfare is way to gud8/10 buy it!
,Not Recommended,219640,21960505,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ghost_Control,this game WILL make u RAGE
76561198068591581,Recommended,219640,8626876,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,W R I S T  R O C K E T S,"Very fun and competetive game. Fast paced, definately something that will keep you busy for a good while. Some bugs when it comes to progression and weapon unlocking but those can be easily worked around by editing an .ini file."
76561198125829072,Not Recommended,219640,19381519,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,[ER24] Zong,"Graphics are fine; people that complain are stupid.  Gameplay is 50/50 there are alot of things to say about this, where do i even start...... Movement is decent you pretty much can dodge an run, except when u run away the person behind you can catch up an slice your back. This game was the only game that ever made my comp crash i dont know why but i just wanted to through that in there. The weapons need to be balanced in speed a little bit more like the daggers an smaller weapons are for some reason out sped by the bigger weapons. People complain about the archers but there is nothing to complain about they are archers they shot an kill you from far away. There are lots an lots of bugs in the game an alot of rough edges which makes no sense since this is a 3 year old game supposuvly. Their are plenty of maps to play on with different modes which is great! But once you get past the lower levels it is very true that you will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked by the big boys. People play this game way tomuch since i feel like this would be just a nice casual game not somthing you spend you life playing. Unfortunitly i purchased the 4 pack an wasted my money 14.00$. I never right big reviews like this but i felt like this one deserved it. I should have bought it as 5$ on the steam sale but i thought it might have been wurth it. I uninstalled this game right after i hit level 15 because there is no point, im not going to figure out everything to this game just to be able to play with the higher levels. This is like no other game its very unique. This game actually made me laugh alot an the only other game that made me do that was dayz an h1z1 an anyone can agree with me on that. An i garuntee you will get alot of good laughs off this game aswell. So the reason why i would not recomend this stupid game is because an here it comes you are all going to to call me stupid for it but...there is no stats...... there are ingame stats but not stat sheets on every individual. This would have been a great feature since it would have gave the game more replay value like others to keep playing instead of just playing just to play some game. to me games like this need stats since also the game has a duel mode. The game is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥.. there are going to be moments that your just going to be so mad at this game an thats also why im not going ot waste my time on this thing. You can say every game does that but this game is different its not in a good way its in a a bad way. But anyways yeah it was 14.00$ well spent on my 4 days off on thanksgiving week."
,Not Recommended,219640,18054235,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Zastavan,"It's still metagame the game. And the limits of the programmers still shows. Poor performance and poor netcode with poor smoothing are very noticable still in the time I played. They have a new UI that looks neat I guess.I think its a poor choice to have few classes and many weapon unlocks though, it inherantly creates a situation where older players have an unfair advantage over new players just because they got their first and not inherantly because of skill.The actual gameplay of Chivalry is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥, weird delays between actions, objects don't exist unless being used (swords and shields have no passive blocking unless your actively using them probably due to programmer limitations primarily and not an actual design choice) and fights just become a moshpit where you get hit in the back or side and die because it feels like people are teleporting in weird ways that would be inherant with poor netcode. When the netcode works though it works within what would be expected for a modern game for the time I played.Metagame heavy games just annoy me. The better players will know the finer points of the meta game and you can see how they play and how they play involves lots of spinning around as fast as they can and hacking and slashing. Its pretty impossible to even tell if a player is going to attack you or not as on top of hit box issues the telepathing and visuals don't really inform you much on what the frignab is going on. Unfortunately organized fighting isn't what this game is about, its more about just jumping into a fight, running around, and hacking and slashing. Basically Medeival COD. Outside of just knowing the game, there isn't really that much thinking to actually go on. Its not a thinking mans shooting like CS has historically been, or a tactfull game like Mount and Blade. Maybe if the devs were more skilled it could have been both.Also maps are so wide and open that it dousn't really make sense for a melee only game. It just creates situations where spawn camping and guys just showing up behind you randomly.It's just a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. I cannot see why people would play it over Mount and Blade Warband. Apparently it used to be a mod right? Why didn't the cool stuff like Pirates,Vikings, Knights ever see a monetary release? Battlegrounds? Or any number of other mods that were actually fun"
76561197968672447,Not Recommended,219640,12786837,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Zigzagman,"This game blows hard, I would rather play a hacher infested game like war of the roses then this trash."
76561198121144316,Recommended,219640,16048829,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Vanilla Ice,"This is a fantastic game. Blood, guts, and glory spew all over the battlefield. After a few hours, you have to be completely brain dead to continue playing,"
,Recommended,219640,24032671,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Perilj ツ,one of my favorite games!
,Recommended,219640,34661412,Posted: 1 September,all,I'M DYING FOR A CUPPA MONKEY,harry sucks at this game
76561198073045457,Recommended,219640,16387406,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Asphyxiated Alim,I used to go outside.I used to have friends.I used to play sports.I used to do good in school.Now my duty is to protect the King......  10/10
,Recommended,219640,16389857,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ragdish,Funny medieval game :D
76561198054372597,Recommended,219640,14198602,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Meemdic the wise,it seems good but i wish it was for apple laptops and such
76561198071294463,Recommended,219640,28457462,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sherlock Holmes,Really fun game to play with friends. The people using the reverse swings are annoying but it's by no means a vast majority. i can still play pretty well without using any of that stuff.
76561198074177109,Not Recommended,219640,34940425,Posted: 13 September,all,Pavalix,Not worth anyone's money.
,Recommended,219640,18510647,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ＹＵＮＧＦＩＦＥ,like medeival call of dutyy'know except good.10/10
76561198065318362,Recommended,219640,26080252,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,d3athstroke,"Brutal, Fun and AWESOME !"
76561198040420477,Recommended,219640,30762151,Posted: 26 March,all,Sea Dog Git,Love the game I have put hours into it but that's what you need to play the game hours. It is very hard for new players to enjoy the game with all the experience players. If you get this game expect to die until you put the time in.
76561198005789270,Recommended,219640,16860364,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Bob,GG
,Recommended,219640,20526876,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Owl,It doesnt work on mine Ill give it a reccomended since i wont be mean
76561197963588013,Recommended,219640,155356,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Ushiri Arrowhell coop,"Realistic mediaval combat wher it actually feels like you get hit and also have a nice sting to it when u hit someone in the stomach and the enemy coughs up blood.And also a bit of monty python over the awesome communication system that can be quite fun to just listen to and watch as a spectator.There is also an awesome DUELmode where you just meet one opponent at a time, extremly adrenalinepumping to match yourself with others in one on one combat.Nice objective mode where you for example shall protect the "" filthy peasants"" from being killed and protect the town from being burned by the other team.   Check gameplayvideos.   or just buy it now... best mediaval combat that has been released after Mount and blade Warband."
76561198043536061,Not Recommended,219640,16917832,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,AngryStoner,"Unbalanced and terrible hit registeration. Gave it lots of chances, still awful."
,Recommended,219640,3667363,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Code Alpha,The bomb gotta get dat shiiit guys
,Recommended,219640,28882932,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Rick Lahey,cut head ofcant be better
76561198142790065,Recommended,219640,14653423,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mr Green,do it for the kids
76561198094119282,Recommended,219640,17992454,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,resil1,Give it a 76/100reason why is that lacks gameplay/content thats 10 pointsthe other 10 points is because the players are eazy to kill and you rank up easilythe 4 points is because of little kids calling you a hacker because you are good at the game also because voting system is bad a blood thirsty team killer always kills people and gets away with it there should be a system for team killers.
,Not Recommended,219640,19687843,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Demoness Skye,Call of Duty has better spawn points.Complete waste of money.
,Recommended,219640,5818463,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,EthicalPixel,"I have gotten hours of fun out of chivalry but it does have its annoying bugs and can get repetitive after a while but even when it does it still remains to be a bunch of fun.Not a game to take too seriously and when i say this i mean in just about every aspect whether competitively or stat tracking. This is more of a casual game imo and i see many gamers get upset due to an ""accidental"" team kill but in chivalry this is common due to the way many approach this game combined w/ blood lust.I always encourage sale cost opposed to retail and same goes for this game but as far as hours to dollar ratio the game is worth its asking price.You dont have to be a fan of mount and blade to enjoy this and although there are common aspects as far as atmosphere and other elements i will say that the simularities end there and yes the combat mechanism is somewhat the same = mouse click hack and slash , it feels more ""relaxed"" and forgiving than mount and blade but just like mount and blade this is keyboard and mouse and can keybind.Level cap is rather low but the leveling means very little other than some weapon unlccks which are scarce when comparing this to more traditional MP shooters/slashers.Classes are pretty much the norm w/ ranged ( archer ) , light and quick, medium (vangaurd) or heavy ( knight ) all w/ their own attributes/prs & cons.Game looks ok and runs well and have had 60fps w/ infrequesnt dips.Ffinding active servers not a prob ( as of 1/12/2013 ) and this may be one of the few games where one can jump in and not feel overwhelmed by higher leveled players ( my first game i ranked # 1 in scoreboard check screenshot ) meaning one can just jump in and hold ones own making chivalry noob friendly.Casual , fun and overall a solid gaming exp but short from ground breaking or innovative gameplay/visuals etc.Not a must have or own but i must try imho and some find it hard to get into but the majority pick right up and have a blast doing it.7.5"
,Recommended,219640,7475320,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Lakahs,"This game brings you back to days before gunpowder, before rifles, guns and cannon. A time where man fought over land with nothing but some steel strapped onto a piece of wood and this game portraits the harsh reality of medieval warfare perfectly. 4 classes to choose from, at least 9 different weapons for each class for you to unlock, are you an archer or a light infantry soldier or perhaps you prefer going with enough armor to stop an arrow or do prefer keeping the enemy at a distance with a spear. It's all up to you how you want to play it, however a warning though; the controls may a bit difficult to get used to in the beginning you will get the hang of it, other than that I give it a solid 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,16166511,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Bodacious,u play as dude with a sword and u gottta kill the undead before u take over ur kingdom
,Recommended,219640,26076944,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,egg sandwich,The game is fun and intense..just dont play too much*feels sick stomach*
76561198168690505,Recommended,219640,16573660,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,✡KINGELI✡,GG
,Recommended,219640,18501286,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,⎛⎝SaltySatan⎠⎞,"Blood. Gore. Madness.Um, no.. Not madness... This... IS... SPARTAAA!!!!Awesome gameplay, pretty challenging, very fun with friends! :D"
76561198024599399,Recommended,219640,3552489,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Baron,"Dueling mode has some of the most intense 1vs1 combat I've seen, with a higher skillcap than WotR. Open map combat can be a bit of a mess, but it can be a good mess if that sort of thing appeals to you. The emotes are a lot of fun. 8/10. -2 for the exploits and generally immature player base."
,Not Recommended,219640,11145210,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ChipChip,This game is really broken.
,Recommended,219640,20329438,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,₹Alyameldir,Le jeu est sympa mais la différence de skill entre un pro et un casu est GARGUANTUESQUE !De toute façon je trouve le système de mêlée pas terrible.Enfin je le trouve sympa à jouer de temps en temps mais si vous voulez gagner en skill il vous faudra vous accrochez sévère !Et étrangement le système de mêlée des DLC's est légèrement différent de l'original.
,Recommended,219640,29470475,Posted: 24 January,all,Sims Scary,pretty good8.5/10
,Recommended,219640,30777713,Posted: 27 March,all,LEAD,Here is my Youtube review for Freedom!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkcJQBQ8mzQ
,Recommended,219640,1852926,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,inaliz,Ever decapitate your friend with a throwing spear? Enough said.
,Recommended,219640,10137264,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Matty G,"funny as hell i always die laughing at this game, its really fun, and REALLY GORY"
,Recommended,219640,10147220,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Lenny Turtletaub,"This game is Counter Strike with swords. And shields. And axes.Combat is brutal and messy. There are frequent team-kills as people wave their weapons around, and it's all part of the fun.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,219640,10145515,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Icarus,This game is so much fun.
,Recommended,219640,10146010,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,op.setsuna IM,good fun :)
76561198081448009,Recommended,219640,10133823,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,DISNEY CHANNEL FLOW,"i killed a fully armoured knight with a shiv, 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,10137333,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Stabby543,I highly reccommend this game. I have played through all of the classes and enjoy all of them. The mod community is also growing in this game so there is a lot of room for expansion.
,Recommended,219640,10138587,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Armadyz,"What can I say about Chivalry? It's one of the best FPS hack and slash games I've ever played!The game is very fun! The main aspect that drags this game is the combat, if you don't like it, you probably won't like the game itself, but let me tell ya, the combat is top notch!"
76561198038608801,Recommended,219640,10145386,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Teabaggin_Sloth,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198132690578,Not Recommended,219640,27324451,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Noob Nightmare,THE WORST GAME EVER CREATED
76561198036625852,Recommended,219640,28368523,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,xCabbyx,Medieval Shouting Simulator
76561198192320098,Recommended,219640,25311490,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,I will forcefeed you a banana,"I've played about 35 hours in this game. Played for a week already, and i have enjoyed it until i reached level 16. Right now i am level 18 and it is really hard to find a match where there are mid level people who i can have a real good fight with. Right now, it's basically:1. I wreck my opponent2. My opponent wrecks meMostly the second oneIn my opinion they should have a mid level server for people who just got out of rookie servers because there is such a big skill difference between the people who just got out of the rookie server and people who are level 45. I don't really care if people do reverse overheads and drags and stuff, because i do it too. I'm not as good at it because i have 35 hours in the game and others have 1,000. If the difficulty of the game slowly progressed up, then i think a lot of people would do a lot better."
76561198271950400,Recommended,219640,24056762,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,*The Real*,It's good
,Recommended,219640,35066567,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,was good
,Recommended,219640,18360096,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,not a girl,gud♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,14087427,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,tact,"Great game and fluid melee mechanics. Buy this game to support maximum carnage and gore, cutting off limbs and heads does not get old."
76561198088830937,Recommended,219640,16415140,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,FAFAFIRE INDA BOOV,ARGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGH!This game is hilarious! Deffo worth the full price and i paid £1.89.  The only issue i have is the game sometimes freezes and i have to restart my computer cause it won't let me do anything!11/10 will restart again
76561198198589841,Not Recommended,219640,26483435,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA,25 ♥♥♥♥ING DOLLARS IN 2016???????? WHAT  THE  ♥♥♥♥♥TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
,Recommended,219640,16111918,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,King Cletus,I LUB DIS GAME< THE LOUDER U YELL UR SO GUDE.
,Recommended,219640,9213182,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,PF VII,beyblade game but everyone is also a homosexual
,Not Recommended,219640,17872757,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Fox,I bet this game Would be good if everyone wasnt OP af
,Recommended,219640,26044615,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Smart pistol,Good game but get it on sale.
,Not Recommended,219640,33141938,Posted: 2 July,all,PICKLE,"The combat is incredibly frustrating, people can just equip their flail/axe/whatever and turn the sensitivity on their mouse up, spinning around as a ball of death. Also feels like you're running through honey kinda game"
76561198033936761,Recommended,219640,34081032,Posted: 7 August,all,Daviano,"I'm Daviano, and this is my favorite game on Steam."
,Not Recommended,219640,18706609,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Nekromancer,yea it was cool....until everyone became a super pro at this game and talks♥♥♥♥♥♥...team kills....team stack.....swing around in circles hitting you with a hammer on top of your dome piece when there facing away from you....some stupid animation glitch BS......community is very very very very toxic....you will die from DOT's
,Not Recommended,219640,17594853,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Adrian(RO) CSGO-SKINS.COM,"Still many bugs, graphic is 6/10, and ♥♥♥♥ing umbalanced teams. If youre new and dont have nothing, youre screwed. Players with high levels always join one team and the rest..... you got it theyre kick youre♥♥♥♥♥and you cant do nothing against them."
76561198062219481,Not Recommended,219640,22892976,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,I love anime dude,graphics terrible. go for smashmuch brawlers instead
,Recommended,219640,6953773,"Posted: 17 January, 2013",all,mynamejeff,This game gives me boners!
,Not Recommended,219640,10294593,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Christ died for our Spins,COD with bows 2014. Full of nothing but archers and 5 year olds mashing the keys.Archers are OP AF and will do nothing but sit back and rack up kills because they're afraid of the battlefield
,Recommended,219640,18968568,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,WosselWozzel,Aight.
,Recommended,219640,29917301,Posted: 14 February,all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,Nice Medieval game
,Recommended,219640,13333509,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Twitch.tv/David_505,"Casual and brutal fun, gets old pretty quick tho!"
76561198146356915,Recommended,219640,33718903,Posted: 22 July,all,Rumpul,slash slash 360 stabby stabby in yo back by team mate
76561198108774777,Not Recommended,219640,15108666,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Korva,"The community is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥The game is reaching Batman Arkham Knight levels of optimization, not ♥♥♥♥ing joking, it's so ♥♥♥♥ing laggy even on great PC's!You got your CoD fanboys talking about noobs and not being able to spell any word correct.Everyone is a absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Now this is through the whole game but it becomes appearent when you join the 15+ servers.The maps are bugged to♥♥♥♥♥♥ there's a bug where a team will literally stop spawning even in the normal gamemode.The weapons are either ♥♥♥♥♥♥ or overpowered.People will find a way to go through a wall, use 1 hit techniques, and absolutely break the game.Now Prison Architect found a way to make the game seem like a full release while still in Alpha...but this IS a full release and it's in a ♥♥♥♥ING PRE-ALPHA STAGE!!!The servers are broken to♥♥♥♥♥♥There is no admin, they're all badmins.The game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥Stay away from this game!"
,Not Recommended,219640,14645299,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,[GTK] Sherloℂk Holmless «Θ»,bad game.
,Recommended,219640,30196935,Posted: 26 February,all,bumchin,COME HITHER
76561198009313707,Recommended,219640,16608941,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SeaKraken,"Hey Rick?Yes Jim?Have you noticed our game is broken?Of course Jim, it's been broken for a while now.Should we do anything to fix it?.....Rick?Uh... No.Why not?Uh... reasons.Ok Rick, you're the boss.That's right Jim. Now hurry up and release the unfinished claymore and brandistockAre you sure Rick?Yes i'm sure. Release them. This is all part of my masterplan to destroy the skill in this game.Ok done. I added them into the game.Great. Now don't forget to place tips for playing the game in the loading screens. Make sure you tell them to feint to avoid fighting, and tell them to drag whenever they can. Tell them if they drag enough they get a gold helmet.Ok Rick, i'll get right on it.Great.Remember kids, the more you drag and feint, the better you are."
,Not Recommended,219640,18494857,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,MiamiACR,"The store page reads.""Besiege castles and raid villages in Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a first-person slasher with a focus on multi-player. Featuring competitive online combat that seeks to capture the experience of truly being on a medieval battlefield. Inspired from the intensity and epicness of swordfighting movies such as 300, Gladiator and Braveheart, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare aims to bring that experience to the hands of a gamer.""Which is the perfect example of a game sounding better in theory than it delivers in practice. The graphics are fine, but when it comes down to the laughably bad animation system  (The kind of laugh you deliver before shutting down the game) it really doesn't matter how high of a resolution your textures are. The combat is mediocre, helped some by the sound design which they surprisingly didn't screw up. The only good thing to say about this game is that there aren't many out there like it, so while the medieval time period has been played out in both history and television, it still has some legs to stand on when it comes to gaming. It's almost too bad since after playing this game you know it couldn't get much worse, while still hoping someone else can do it better in the future.This game was a fun mod back in the day, and today the only thing keeping it somewhat relevant and not so offensive to your eyes (Besides the crud animation system) is Unreal Engine 3. My closing comments are that patches and substantial updates to the game are few and far between, if non-existent when it comes to the latter part. If you see this game on sale make sure you don't want any one of the 6000+ games in the Steam Store before you buy this one, you'll thank me later.Indie Game of the Year 2012 - IndieDBGame of the Year Nominee 2012 - GametrailersMultiplayer FPS of the Year 2012 - NofragWith the exception of Gametrailers (Where they didn't stand a chance of winning) have you even heard of the other two sites mentioned for giving out ""Game of the year"" status? Yeah, didn't think you did either. Should be switched to ""Glorified Mod of an actual Mod That Came Out The Year 2012"". If only for clarity."
,Not Recommended,219640,9693380,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Aethelia,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare seemed like a good idea at first. First person view, using medieval weapons instead of guns. There is nothing wrong with the idea, it was overdue.And then after paying too much for the game, you realize there aren't many good maps, the AI is terrible, they weren't able to balance the FOUR classes, your weapon upgrades won't unlock as your progress is reset every game breaking many achievments, and every fifth game you join will have someone using a hack that instantly teleports around the map getting kills every second.It would be reasonable to think, oh, maybe this game is still in beta and they didn't mention that. Anything else wouldn't make any sense.And then comes hope. A bloated 600MB update. What do you think that means? Do you think that's a huge patch that is going to fix the bugs, the AI, the balance, the exploits, and the achievements? Well you'd be WWWWWWWWRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGG. It was to add cosmetic items that you can buy for real money. They thought that was more urgent than the other issues.No more hope. Hope is dead. Except for the hope that someone else makes a game like this that is much better and doesn't involve the developers from this game."
76561198039764540,Recommended,219640,12546379,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Veopes,"I have played hundreds of games, and have spent 5 Times more hours on chivalry deadliest warrior *The expansion for chivalry medieval warfare* than any other game. thats my review."
,Not Recommended,219640,7745684,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Gil Van Graff,This game was awesome... I even ran a server for it. Then they released a patch in mid 2013 that turned the game in a steaming pile of crap. Now it is just a LMB spam fest. I guess they were too busy on making an expansion to a crappy cancled TV show to care to listen to the community.
76561198168715198,Recommended,219640,26447081,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,•҉bone spookypants,"pretty fun i guess. except i hate those sun brandis, they ruined my life"
76561198075812369,Recommended,219640,16385060,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Clanger,BUY GAME NOW. MUCH CHIVALRY VERY MEDIEVAL SO WARFARE WOW.
76561198084399124,Recommended,219640,7871472,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Sengma,"wow, such swing, much blood. Great fights  IRL."
76561197973979330,Not Recommended,219640,10066454,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Leafeyawn,Super overrated.
,Not Recommended,219640,8130463,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The Notorious P.I.G.,I would not recommend this game unless you know someone will play with you. In my opinion it is not fun at all unless you play with someone you know.
,Not Recommended,219640,23348541,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Scrambled,"When I was 11 I remembered my mother telling my grandfather that if he kept smoking, he'd never see his grandchildren finish college. My grandfather quietly weeped knowing that he couldn't overcome his addiction. 3 years later, he died from lung cancer. At his funeral my mother mourned and made me promise her that I would never touch a cigar in my life. Now, 5 years later, I regret not ever taking a smoke because this game gave me cancer anyways."
76561198088948085,Not Recommended,219640,20958440,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Jake,"♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥iest game I've ever played, ""Let's shoot this guy with an arrow but UHH OHH, the arrow goes right through him and then I get stabbed. Or maybe lets go into a public lobby and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by this German retard who plays Chivalry: Terrible Game for 12 hours a day. God damn back to the arrows, people complain about the hit boxes in counter strike, AT LEAST COUNTER STRIKE HAS SOMEWHAT OF HIT BOXES, THIS GAME DOESNT HAVE ANY.In all I give this game a 3/10, needs more fun and less♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198131627588,Not Recommended,219640,30657598,Posted: 21 March,all,DinduNuffin',Waste of time and money
,Recommended,219640,17904722,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Nootington,"Today i shall be going over the game and dlc of Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. first, the main game, its great, has good battle system, clases are balanced, overall great game. oh god... on to the ""DLC"" the ""DLC"" known as  Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior, including......... EPIC BATTLE OF ALL RACES, INCLUDING, NINJAS (with shait dodge ability making fighting useless), SAMURAI (those guys who talk to much), PIRATES (i'd rather kill myself with their guns than use them), VIKINGS (i hope they asend to valhalla so we can never see their ugly bearded faces again). Thats it i think.... (my friend): There are knights in it. (me): Wait.. there are knights?! (my friend): Yeah. (me): WHAT ARE KNIGHTS DOING IN A GAME ABOUT WARRIORS OTHER THAN KNIGHTS?! WHY NOT PLAY THE BETTER ORIGINAL GAME THAN THIS ""DLC""??? Anyways, this ""DLC"" is not DLC its a friggin potato carving of a game!! They carved a POTATO into a game, stuck a lightbulb up its♥♥♥♥♥and called it $14.99, where is the ""programed in china"" label? ok, thats enough of my ""DLC"" rant. moral of the story, buy the game, leave the potato."
,Not Recommended,219640,30792239,Posted: 28 March,all,twocanlol,Garbage game with a bunch of glitches and no longer supported by devs.
,Recommended,219640,20866536,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Capt'n Henke,Agatha is for puss-ies 11/10
,Recommended,219640,10304413,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,nibba,Calll of Duty with sword's and bow's
,Recommended,219640,19441085,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Hound,"""After all this time?""""Always..."" ;-;"
,Not Recommended,219640,16368658,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Be Blue !,"Everyone else putting negative reviews so why the hell not, apparently the hitboxes are broken"
,Recommended,219640,1200945,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,oy vey blin kil all ruski pidar,"Thou must geth thee a purposfully programe named Chivalry as it decipts an ancient thov wretched game vgvvv, for such an amount of XVIII coins, it is a well purposefull programme and if thov must hast not at thee time nevertheless thou areth a son of a peasant turnipe.Tis' a som of thine greatest work of art from an kindome greater then ovr owne with deep intricath plotts that with the likes of thee wretched foul minded and honorless archer pleb as my observed knowledge thov not comprehend mine anger. Thine coin will be purposefully spendt and thou mustnt fight not for thy wrongful knight thou must figh for thine besides ovr great order bvt mason brethren.Foreth thy act in spending thov XVIII coin is no wrongfulle bothersome foreth thou must have one anew tis game,  atis fore wenchess and tis vnholy a glorious play."
76561198044591490,Recommended,219640,8355335,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Orange Chicken,I have yet to see any chivalry in this game
,Recommended,219640,8564161,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sakura Spirit ツ ©,very good game
,Not Recommended,219640,13051792,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Frontier Proctologist,"We warned you. We warned you, that if you came in here, a part of you wouldn't come out.This is the game that gave me gaming ptsd. Every time I got off, CLANG, CLANG CLANG on my imaginary shield.There is no winning in this game. There is only the primal act of hatred, in inciting fear and misery in others you play against. That is the only way in which you can ""win"" in this game.If you don't believe me, there are no women in this game.Don't buy this hellish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you F***ing scrubs. Don't do what I did. D;>"
76561198148589865,Not Recommended,219640,25486792,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Son of the Dragon,Complete garbage after rank 15 except for some mods.
76561198066046412,Recommended,219640,15910797,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,MaryJanePissInUrFaceFunTime,"Chivalry Deadliest Warrior = Best game, needs more players though"
,Recommended,219640,10836989,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LiL PEEP,хорошая игра советую всем
,Not Recommended,219640,17669782,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,VOICE ACTORE,I don't even remember why I bought this game
76561198018735591,Not Recommended,219640,30989528,Posted: 6 April,all,SUPAH JD,"Honestly, while the core game is good: It's developed to a point where even the devs can't tell newer players how to play.You start off in a tutorial that's pretty much just useless. You learn the basics, and while in any other game that may seem good: For this one it is not. Since the basics are only good in the begineer lobbies.Once you leave those? Have fun facing the most unbalanced games you'll ever play. People with years devoted into the game, as you use only tatics you learned in begineer lobbies against people who know how to abuse the mechanics to a point where the devs said: ""no it's legit"". However, said legit tatics aren't even shown in begineer lobbies or said tutorial. There's no way of figuring them out:Unless you go to You Tube. Which, when a game is at a point where PLAYERS tell you to go to You Tube if you want to learn tatics than any other decent game of this sort would teach you, it's off base.Good game at the core. But it's age showed and people found ways to manipulate it. If this was closer to when the game was first released: I'd say go for it. If you're a fan of a difficulty swerve and dying a lot without learning much from the experience: Go for it.If you're a fan of a genuinely good game where you learn as you play: Skip this."
,Recommended,219640,31736692,Posted: 13 May,all,Nighty,heythats pretty good
,Recommended,219640,7859850,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,[RK]Elated_Rainbow,"""Must have"" for lovers of medieval bloodbaths! :P"
,Recommended,219640,7795738,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Last Caress,"Great game. Fun combat, not too bad of a learning curve, great levels and modes. Buy it."
,Recommended,219640,511240,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Herr von Unterfranken,Playing a game that cost under 20 bucks for over 500 hours must have a reason...either it's an awesome game or I have bad taste.
,Not Recommended,219640,22624315,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,viri,"Literally the worst game ever tbh, only bought it for the payday stuff, and even then payday is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game too"
,Recommended,219640,19768492,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Suolatikku,It's the best game ever.That's why I have 26 smurfs.
76561198201978664,Not Recommended,219640,26045967,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Hooked2it,THE BLOCKING IS RIGGED AND DOESNT WORK
,Not Recommended,219640,26079272,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TheJoker116,"Utter, UTTER♥♥♥♥♥♥ It seemed fun enough, what's not to like about medieval warfare where you can slice and dice your enemies to pieces? Well, when you take into account the horrible combat mechanics, the answer is EVERYTHING. Seriously, what's enjoyable about struggling to even hit an enemy, who blocks everything but has no trouble chopping your arms off? You can't even focus on anyone because there's always some dickhole who hits you in the back while you're fighting off some other guy, it's too damn chaotic for its own good. One thing's for sure: I regret spending money for such a piece of garbage and I'm getting a refund. Screw you, Torn Banner Studios!"
,Recommended,219640,16047136,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,[RSQ] Mason,RAWR
,Recommended,219640,7768129,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,mon2,"Chivalry is Quake to War of the Roses' Battlefield, and those seeking a faster-paced bloodier experience will undoubtedly prefer Chivalry's type of steel."
76561198188544241,Recommended,219640,35229094,Posted: 26 September,all,justus5220,thats a good game
,Not Recommended,219640,18530432,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Draktok,"I just don't think it's fun. The combat always feels like a slow swinging boring fest and being an archer is little about skill and more about ""well did he take armor?""I've tried to play more than once, and it's fun for about 30 minutes, then i remember why i quit playing it again."
,Recommended,219640,28483148,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ENGLAND,"i wasted 2,000 hours of my life on this game  ,worth it"
,Recommended,219640,16375415,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hydrohydroxic Acid,medievelmedi- medicalevel- evil or evaluationwarfareevil medical warfaremedical evaluation warfarei think i put it together maybe guys
,Not Recommended,219640,20138539,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,fattypatty5980,graphics suck. game sucks
,Not Recommended,219640,9340741,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,OP,"DONT BUY. HERES WHY.1) CRASHES STOP GAME FROM RUNNING: Check the forums for people who simply cannot play the game at all after purchase.2) BIZARRE FIGHTING MECHANIC: An unintuitive game mechanic produces bizarre gameplay styles. You wanted to enoy a sworfighting game? When opponents fight while being constantly bent over, or when they gain an advantage by not using weapons at all, the fun of medieval combat quicky disappears.3) TEAM CONFUSION: The added ""player customization"" actually allows you to color you're character's clothes like he's on the other team! Sure it's a great trick, but that's a problem the devs simply should not be ignorant about.The game is less about swordfighting and more about exploiting the character strike animation, which leads to a bizarre experience that will quickly kill any feeling that you're in a medieval battle.I tried to make the game fun, but it just became a technical battle of who had the most free time to figure out exactly what the developers overlooked. I actually had a guy shoot me with an arrow thru a fence, telling me I was stupid for not know that there's a 1 pixel space between the posts. Really, like I'm gonna look that up somewhere?A common bizarre tactic is for players to reduce the speed of their blade to being almost motionless while still delivering full damage. While their claim it requires skill may be true, it over looks the fact that it has nothing to do with enjoying a good swordfight.The game is defined by a poor game mechanic which creates a whole slew of bizarre game tactics that take the enjoyment out of the sword fighting gameplay. It could be good if the devs worked it all out, but they say whatever people can figure out is ""acceptable"" within the game. So yeah, might want to avoid this one."
76561198116108751,Not Recommended,219640,23200914,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Alberto Barbosa,"+Classes+Graphics-Toxic players-Toxic admins-Bad physics-Huge exploits-Elitists that pick on noobs0-15 servers are good, but then it's 15-30 and then? 30-50! and from there it becomes♥♥♥♥♥♥Spinning more than a helicopter in this game is considered ""gud"" from the elite players, and you're a noob if you can't be a ♥♥♥♥ing human helicopterThe devs don't fix this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics, instead they add more cosmetic ♥♥♥♥♥♥ items that only kids with their moms credit card buy.3/10 remove the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics and it would be a 7/10"
76561198018973276,Not Recommended,219640,31386754,Posted: 26 April,all,ChildofGaia,"Controls are worse than M&B if that is even possible. Graphics are old and dreary. IMHO this game is worth no more than $5 so if you have to buy it, buy when it costs that much."
,Not Recommended,219640,13976666,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,💕 𝓐𝓶𝔂 💕,Hitboxes are broken.
76561198042065216,Not Recommended,219640,23829184,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Warsmith Honsou,"Cancerous community, kicked while struggling to use a two handed hammer without team damage."
,Recommended,219640,31208925,Posted: 17 April,all,Frandly Pagquin,"Game is fun with a lot of things to do, Wish I could play more but i don't have the time"
76561198145562347,Not Recommended,219640,31205928,Posted: 17 April,all,im just a cookie,wrost game ever
76561197986445833,Not Recommended,219640,30780692,Posted: 27 March,all,Can'tHitCrap!!!,"Graphics ++GamePlay +++Immersion ++Community ---------NEGATORY------------- ^100000000000000000000000000000000000If your a new player, The most you can play is team deathmatch, the objective based ones are for only TRY HARDS, that boot anyone not performing towards thier expectationsIf your into mindless slaughter, go for it.Now that its free just watchout for a lack of Anticheat Programs"
76561198048669206,Not Recommended,219640,20107831,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SAGGY BALLEZ,"ConsSlow actions, hard to play, boring.ProsExcellent graphics"
76561198029094549,Not Recommended,219640,17011321,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Goddess Kali,"This game is like a chocolate coin that's been sitting in the heat, it looks nice on the outside and sounds good, but the moment you open it. Its melted mess, you're not gonna have any fun with it and it'll just leave you dissatisfied and wanting something else. No matter how much you try to enjoy this game, it'll only spit back at you. Your skill can be at any level, but if the game just suddenly feels like you don't appreciate it enough because you haven't said something nice to it in the last 10 seconds, it will suddenly decide that your attempts to block an on-coming attack are null and void. Ever seen anyone stab someone over his or her shoulder with a 5-ft blade? Me neither. But this game decides what is acceptable realism according to its on arbitary rulings. If you want a stable, skill-based game where luck has no part in your ability to win, do not buy this game. It'll only make you want to throw you computer at the nearest innocent by-stander.Furthermore, I've never felt more deprived as a winner in this game, there is no satisfaction, only the want to disassemble your opponent's body because he or she did something incredibly cheap just to win a pointless match. In a game based in an era around honorable combat, this game fails miserably at recreating or encouraging it."
,Recommended,219640,9690569,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,h00d,Bloody hilarious.
76561198069863156,Not Recommended,219640,20111467,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Master TANG !,Sucks .  Community is ♥♥♥♥ing thrash
76561198104156160,Recommended,219640,19979737,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,dongleplonk,good game but i'd say only fun with friends unless you like this type of action but well worth the £1.89 in the sale.
76561198105664409,Recommended,219640,13830273,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Keter,F*cking amazing game 10.1337/10.1337I shot my friend in the knee with a bow
,Not Recommended,219640,9723345,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,m0ban,This game takes no skill to playIf you just swing your weapon randomly you can get four kills in a rowEven if you have a coupon dont get this gameIt sucks
,Not Recommended,219640,16072937,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,C14,"Chances are, if you're reading this, Chivalry is not the game for you. It's your typical first person swordfighting game, but it has a massive, MASSIVE learning curve.I'd never recommend this game until it becomes an actual fighting game instead of a blocking simulation."
,Not Recommended,219640,16391840,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,live_n_deadly,Looks better than it really is.
,Not Recommended,219640,16393908,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,VeggieTative,I bought the game for full price when it was released. I still have to pay for in game weapons.
,Recommended,219640,14719345,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,600W Microwave,10/10 Great battles. It's nice to be able to 1v2 a vanguard and knight as a man at arms. Well done
,Not Recommended,219640,19039882,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Principal Vagina,"The gameplay is just aweful as the graphics, my worst buy since CS:GO"
,Recommended,219640,9905970,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Vintage,♥♥♥♥in Epic.
,Recommended,219640,9993319,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,BumpingTacos,"This game has tons of potential, its gory, action-packed all out the best medieval warfare game i've ever played"
,Recommended,219640,9955009,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,[GetLow] Transmute,ITS SO FUN DECAPITADED A GUY MY FIST 10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,9748933,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,TheCrippler,"This is the buggiest mess ever to hit Steam. It is completely unreliable, unfinished and unstable. Half the time it won't even start without crashing and when it does, it is an unoptimized mess, lagging even on the fastest computer."
,Recommended,219640,17889609,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Retro,"as long as you can handle leaving under level 15 servers and all the trippy spins and drags and feints people do then go ahead and get this game, its super cheap when it goes on sale"
,Recommended,219640,5310768,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,WEJP NEJSZYN,Jeżeli lubisz porcjować ludzi to jest to gra dla ciebieIf you portioned people this is the game for you
,Recommended,219640,23909133,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Brad ☆,toes
,Recommended,219640,21047712,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,HOBO BOB,ITS A GAME
,Recommended,219640,24079964,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Desurō,gud game
76561198054510064,Not Recommended,219640,12571353,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Sausage Queen ♛,bad
,Not Recommended,219640,16086640,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Cro,I hate this game.It's a personal thing.
76561198271957316,Recommended,219640,28278183,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Dough Child,THIS GAME IS SOOOO MUCH FUN!
,Recommended,219640,29892846,Posted: 12 February,all,[AE]Vectrocity,If For Honor had worse graphics and less replayability
,Recommended,219640,16056049,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,S.,8.06/3.4
76561198061199363,Recommended,219640,15989459,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Santa,"Chivalry, like most medieval games is very (and i say VERY) Gory, so if you want an exciting, fast paced, limb chopping medieval game, this is the one for you. Chivalry is a great first person action game, the movement is very heavy and satisfying. When you hit someone it feels very meaty and clean, but this game is not just about killing people, Chivalry brings a more team oriented style to the medieval genre. For example: you can go in on your own and hop into a game and have fun, but if you get some friends and work together you can not only have fun but you can win! What I mean by this is that it is difficult (depending on which game mode you play) to complete some of the objectives on your own, but once you get in there and start working like a team it is very fun to crush the enemy and take whatever objective you are going for. All in all this is a very fun game that can be done alone or with some friends! If you enjoy medieval era games and want to get in on some action I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,219640,16045474,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,yOUNG gOpnik,Don't have the game game but i can review it 10/10 would rate again.
,Recommended,219640,8242400,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Existential Crisis.exe,Very great game. a bit graphic but still amazing. (i think i tjust makes the game better)
,Recommended,219640,10920352,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,k. w.,yep
,Recommended,219640,8246314,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mr. Sabha Lori,"Very fun game, great combat system and great to play with freinds, good balanced classes and overall a good game. Can be frustrating as the combat is hard to master and it is a very hardcore game, you may often feel as if you have been killed unfairley."
76561198235724960,Not Recommended,219640,17963918,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Ian,CHIVALRY MORE LIKE SHITALRY
,Recommended,219640,7855429,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,harambo,Great game. Different from teh FPS people would play as you use swords and spears etc
,Recommended,219640,9784143,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Cesarema,"This game is totally beast, I would strongly recommend this to anyone interested in brutal gory slaughter. 10/10 shining review"
,Recommended,219640,19924388,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,shaten,Best game i have ever seen 10.1\10
76561198001598827,Recommended,219640,18534599,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,batran99,Remove the lag plz
76561198091365522,Not Recommended,219640,18563794,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Elliott,Annoying game.Get wrecked by noobs with 2h swords accidently
76561198045817341,Not Recommended,219640,30831676,Posted: 30 March,all,etomto,"Once you reach level 16 the game becomes an extremely major let down. It would have gotten a recommendation from me for its initial epic gameplay and brutal melee system, but that's unfortunately not the case. It's a pay-to-win and that's what brings this game down hard."
,Recommended,219640,16362028,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SexTapeVanguard,GLOORY
,Recommended,219640,28844667,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dampè,DEUS VULT !
,Recommended,219640,10023368,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Mousepad724,vury scury
76561198021444129,Recommended,219640,10143345,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Jstrike900 | trade.tf,"I have always loved the medieval ages,both in literature and in video form.Though I say this I cannot give this game a review of any form due to when I played it on free weekend it was unplayable./i checked the files while not changing them in any way and came across the fact this game (at least the free weekend) seems only able to run on a 32 bit machine.This is not itself a review of the game but rather a question.Is the full game like this?If so why?if not then why is the demo like this?The udk 64 bit editor is the closest to working file.So ask,is the full game like this,becuase it makes a freeweekend almost pointless."
,Recommended,219640,10008865,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,King Clappa',What the Maul giveth the Maul taketh away
,Not Recommended,219640,8274225,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Roger,"Many bugs need to be addressed.  Bugs ruin the ""enjoyable"" combat.  Devs don't respond to the community that much anymore.  Only the map makers seem to give attention.Check this game out instead.http://www.reddit.com/r/TheSlashering/"
,Not Recommended,219640,28381442,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Zladnyl,"Chivalry deadliest warrior is a whole new level of suck but medival warior is worse. The graphics are good but other than that its a crappy slow to react game with horribly unbalanced weapons and classes. Every button and charater is to slow to do anything. You couldn't win one round without hacking i beleive,"
,Recommended,219640,14152091,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cum_Waffles,Cut my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥while playing this. potato 10/potato
,Not Recommended,219640,12215394,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Ár var alda,Buggy trash game
76561198062659521,Not Recommended,219640,25555436,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Geno,♥♥♥♥ play this game don't buy it
,Not Recommended,219640,26077468,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Gknight,Its so glitchy and they have not fixed anything for over 2 years now. Great game if you can get the servers to load.
76561198028485272,Not Recommended,219640,26098294,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Redox,Bad physics
,Not Recommended,219640,28137402,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Laura Brehm,Can't even pass ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial.Refunded.My casual world is better -_-
,Not Recommended,219640,26094026,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,White Chinese Slave ♦,"If you play on a mac computer don't get this game. it never launches, and when it does the load times are ridiculous. I was'nt able to even play the game since it never loads... I tried contacting support to help me with this problem,  and they shrugged it off and told me the laziest excuse for ""support"" (spoiler it didn't help). This is a sad game for a 27$ price tag. I'm thank full I got it during a sale. thanks steam."
76561198133607811,Not Recommended,219640,26099344,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,XoX,NO PLUNDERING OR SIEGE AS DESCRIBED. just stupid hack and slashnot even worth the 3 euros.
,Not Recommended,219640,27899404,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DJBloodSpike,"you have to pay for this game now? what hell? its crap now and its 24.99?. what happened? when i got it, it was great and free."
,Not Recommended,219640,26125686,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,HARDGORE,chivalry = simple arcade for dummywarband = simulator
76561198079105539,Recommended,219640,8024568,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,paragon nova,This game is good and you should get it (expert review skills)
,Not Recommended,219640,31454033,Posted: 29 April,all,Greenviking,so the game is not even optimized for 1920x1080p resolution when tf2 a game that was made in 2007 is? also the fighting is just awful  I am glad I requested for a refund.
,Recommended,219640,18494770,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Portal Master,Fun
76561197961421885,Recommended,219640,7764269,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Dude_in_the_Room,"Just an awful game.  Bought it during the Xmas sale in '12 and right off the bat couldn't play on server with more than 32 ppl....EVERYONE was complaining about the lag and warping and just awful programming or whatever it was.Great idea.....horrid excecution.   Dunno if they fixed it, but I have no desire to go back to try.  I have too many other games waiting on me that work right when I bought them."
76561198120048670,Recommended,219640,18555488,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Cabosh,A guy named Rocky punched me untill my head exploded. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,19186429,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,palvarez73,Just like call of duty... but with guns and knights.
,Not Recommended,219640,23117971,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Use Code: Jms,nahhh
,Recommended,219640,13158999,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,mcngnarly,"This game is fun, but has a very steep learning curve"
,Recommended,219640,17897304,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TG,Klekkt
,Recommended,219640,28480037,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,dr. chauklet,Tis but a scratch
,Not Recommended,219640,17978130,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,BeefKoolAid,"Just no.  I can't even.  If you're going to port a console game to PC, at least have the sense to not demand a console controller be present.  I'm not about to drop $30 for hardware to play a $5 game."
,Recommended,219640,15996229,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Snek,It's an ok game
,Recommended,219640,28415100,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,PLORGE,pretty nice if i say so myself
,Not Recommended,219640,16087466,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Queen Lover,"This game is so buggy. You get stuck on the corners of a staircase alot, and when you kick somenone they immediately recover, but when they kick you you die.This game is my least favorite game so far because every single server i have joined so far every single teammate likes to team kill me, and then every bug kills me."
,Recommended,219640,9291368,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Aithey,"Swing swords. Miss your swing and you die. I'd say it's pretty fun with friends, though. I hear a lot of good things about some of the DLC for this game~"
,Recommended,219640,26020833,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,PaiNKiLLaH,"So fun, too bad its so expensive for what it is... buy mount and blade warband instead lol.... kidding,  this game offer tons of fun... :P"
76561198097694761,Recommended,219640,16961037,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Clam,because i have it
76561198056778335,Recommended,219640,14699236,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SleepyNarwhalz,Welcome to Chivalry: Medieval Breakdancing! Wait no? Oh... I think I played wrong
76561198042590261,Not Recommended,219640,29108889,Posted: 7 January,all,Toxic Larva,I don't recommend this game
76561198006536283,Not Recommended,219640,29098792,Posted: 7 January,all,Nostradonus,"Physics are horrible and so is the game, not worth at any price! Steam service is horrid."
,Not Recommended,219640,23881513,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MEESER 572,vangaurd is about the most the most op thing i have ever seen and half the time the lighting is messed up so bad you cant even see. even on sale its not worth your money
,Not Recommended,219640,22769154,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Sludge,no
,Not Recommended,219640,17924948,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Viequespr,"Bought it on sale, tried it, and it was so bad I didn't even finish the whole tutorial.Graphics are ok but a little weird, controls are all over the place and make no sense, and it seems like it's trying to be the big-battle medieval version of Battlefront. It, however, fails miserably. The gameplay style doesn't really seem to work very well for this kind of game. If you, like I was when I bought this game, are looking for big-battle sanbox style gameplay, I recommend you go take a look at Heroes and Generals, War Thunder, and, of course, Battlefront. I'm sure I missed a few but those are the main ones that come to mind.Don't waste your money on this game. You won't play it and you could spend that money on something much better."
,Not Recommended,219640,30156531,Posted: 24 February,all,Yung H♡,AMD GO KYS!
76561198195705563,Recommended,219640,16066112,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Dick Kickem,This is a very interesting game. It is very fun and will really interest anyone who likes medieval things. I had a lot of fun playing it.
,Not Recommended,219640,19755778,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,cool dude oleg ﷽௵,too much blood!
76561198064356950,Recommended,219640,28469244,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,,10/10
76561198105224632,Not Recommended,219640,29234043,Posted: 13 January,all,Shadi,"This game is dated, don't waste your money on this garbage"
76561198077425443,Recommended,219640,24703488,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ShrekWazowski,FOR THE ORDER!!!!!!!!
76561198153370155,Not Recommended,219640,34495563,Posted: 25 August,all,tnerb0,This game is like biting into a chicken leg. At first you like it and then you realize it's raw.
76561198049736100,Recommended,219640,26018314,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Yzma,"Lots of memes, lots of fun for entire family. Just make sure you don't die! HUEhuehauheUHAEUHuaheuAHEuaheUHAEUHAUEHAUEHUAHEUAHUEHAUEHUAHEUAHEAEaeoHEaoHEauHEIaheoAEuiahEIHwirhia TO:Eiogwe8i rh9p3g7812ry89r237r9ho wnfhu8oq3vy r8o 9phr ,oq"
76561197962407208,Not Recommended,219640,13719970,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,CLyDe fRog,"hah, what a joke :D"
76561198036230105,Recommended,219640,18030198,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Chuck,perfect
,Not Recommended,219640,16411675,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,「Blazed」,Le game c'est broken. (♥♥♥♥ fkt)
,Recommended,219640,1286557,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Kvaki,Epic!!! the game shouts and weapons make this ftw!
,Recommended,219640,12237345,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Bandit King,Alota fun...best FPS iv played in a long time...7/10
,Recommended,219640,6593726,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,Akane,"If you love middle age medieval themed games you are probably going to have lot of fun with this one, hell, even if you don't dig the theme, you will be laughing like a mad scientist during the game, brutal melee combat has never been so fun as this game makes it to be, also as any multiplayer game out there, it gets even better with friends so you can make fun of events that occur during matches and if you are like me and die a lot you probably will have something to listen to while you wait the respawn timer.You can play as 4 classes and every 25/75 kills you unlock a new weapon, combat is fast and satisfying."
76561198133845992,Recommended,219640,23649717,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Blitzwing,best Middle Age fighting game ever.
76561198123461990,Recommended,219640,30762534,Posted: 26 March,all,Lord Kumquat The Impoverished,"Death is an extremely complex theme, with a lot of meanings depending on your cultural background. But in Chivalry, it becomes almost meaningless, and given that its objective is to loyally represent the memory of the Middle Ages, I'd say mission very well accomplished."
,Not Recommended,219640,34367226,Posted: 20 August,all,stew,"I am Proto, your security is my Motto Install me on your computer, To protect your data better With me there...no viruses Could enter your computer, Malware! Spyware! Trojan!... All gone forever! I filter your junk mail, Monitoring Wi-Fi... never failI'm Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Proto your security is my Motto I keep your data encrypted, Your virus security updated Anti-phishing for safe browsing, Safe pay for secure e-shopping! My security acts silently So you can work efficientlyI am Proto, enhanced performance is my Motto I make monitoring, At office lot easier, No Facebook! No games! efficiency gets better I ensure .. Effective people planning, with 20% less staff... the company is shining!I'm Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Proto Preventing data theft is my motto I prevent data leakage Securing your business & image No pen drive, No email, No print without permission No stealing of data And you work without any tensionI am Proto, Preventing Data Loss is my motto I reverse data loss, Saving you from angry boss I recover ...Deleted files Making it sure, that you always smileI'm Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Pr-Proto Protection from laptop theft is my motto I track your lost laptop, To let you work non-stop I do...... remote Data encryption Saving you from, Security tensionI am Proto, bringing families closer is my Motto I protect your kids, While they surf As I know, Parenting is tough I like to bring, Smile to your faces. Making Internet surfing relaxing, With all work tracesI am Proto, complete security is my motto"
76561198123056413,Recommended,219640,16531283,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ducky101,This game is the best first/third person medevil game i mean heads up you will rage and get mad and mabye quit the game and yea it takes a while too lvl up but its worth it you get good swords and weapons and bows.Get the game
76561198100549997,Recommended,219640,10146579,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Zvizdić Pizdić,"Awesome game, very re-playable, mechanics work great with some minor glithes of course, but what game has no glitches?"
,Recommended,219640,10144463,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Sleepings,"Awesome game, loads of fun.Cons: can be hard if you're new"
,Recommended,219640,26021588,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,VaporJam,It good
76561198054319110,Recommended,219640,8729605,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,KnightofDark001,For everyone who loves Medieval games GET THIS NOW
,Recommended,219640,28194208,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Nauticas,is good mang.
,Recommended,219640,9192236,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"Chiv is amazing I really love this game. Whatever they did with deadliest warrior however shamed it. Nothing is balanced the maps are generic, starting weapons are vastly gimped, I used to liken Chiv to the Call of Duty of first person combat, but I never knew how true it would be untill playing C:MW DW. I highly recomend Chiv everyone should play it but only get deadliest warrior if you absolutly have to, there are hardly any servers, the weapons are shi† compared to the OG."
76561198023353140,Not Recommended,219640,20402591,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Chronos Guardian,"I love the game its not bad, but if you want any cool skins for your classes or the better cool weapons you have to buy them seperate with real money. They pulled a payday 2... what a shame...."
76561198003174259,Not Recommended,219640,12854808,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,CrankyCoon,"I think this is a great game, but the bugs are way too problematic.  From when I tried to last year and this year, the graphic glitches make it a horrid mess and ruin the great immersion this game can have.  The lag spikes badly.  Plus players kick the moment you do some damage against another teammate.It's a great game, just needs more work."
76561198142156204,Recommended,219640,16068201,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Alex,Gore galore
,Not Recommended,219640,26209137,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ritsuka,"This game used to be good, now, as a US west player, I can;t find a single server under 130 ping and in a game that requires fast reactions, any ping above 60 makes it impossible to do well."
,Not Recommended,219640,28500328,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,This game is OK but it's basically Mount & Blade for scrubs.
76561198105055681,Recommended,219640,23922271,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,KaHk,Best Medieval game EVER
,Recommended,219640,28583885,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,"едят корму ,,,((RU",good
76561198276509498,Recommended,219640,28367325,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Yerda,swing swords n♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,34778827,Posted: 6 September,all,Tiensama チエンサマ,So much fun
,Not Recommended,219640,28872110,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,guts,nice♥♥♥♥♥♥6/9
,Recommended,219640,13210130,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Jeff Goldbloom,nuffin like exploding peoples heads with a giant ♥♥♥♥ off war hammer.
76561198154465914,Recommended,219640,23332018,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Trolling_ #Rolling_,A Swing from the hip! and pack a good punch!
,Recommended,219640,30767763,Posted: 27 March,all,Kyōko,After you may have killed one guy in for honor and the for honor servers crash. This game is what you return to.
76561197971353375,Recommended,219640,35260805,Posted: 28 September,all,BIG BOSS DIK,Good game.
76561198031672864,Recommended,219640,34917368,Posted: 13 September,all,Jim,ehhh cool.
,Not Recommended,219640,16121604,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[A]gony,"Absolutly no balance in this game.Take a 2-hander mash your left mouse button and cut down anything in your way.And best is the mass of newbies in the game, that dont even watch where they slash. Teamkills en masse.Also by Archers. Shoot into a groupfight of enemies and allies. You hit...but who...noone knows.And since you can customize your whole looks, its sometimes impossible to tell if the guy in front of you is an ally or an enemy. (Like blue dress on red team...teamkill incoming)And anything exept the basic stuff (new outfits, stronger weapons) cost real money...alot of real money (like 10 € for 1 ♥♥♥♥ing weapon, are you kidding me?)All in all i regret buying this game. 5 Euro wasted."
,Not Recommended,219640,30780157,Posted: 27 March,all,Axembro,Biz para verelim oyun bedava yapsınlar bune amınakoyayım.
,Recommended,219640,33031092,Posted: 30 June,all,Frogburt,Buy this game on sale
,Not Recommended,219640,29095036,Posted: 7 January,all,Nancok,"The first and major problem with the game, is the fact that you must buy skins with real money, and if you don't pay you have little to none character customization, there are only US and eurpoean servers so if you aren't from any of those places forget about playing as playing with more than 100 ping is already difficult and no one wants to play with laggy players as they make everything more frustrating, And to wrap it up, ppl abuse of high sensivity so they can swing and make an 180° turn while performing an attack to hit you even if you block or dodge, so if you want to get a fair fight you must set the sensivity to 120 or so wich makes turn 45° with the slightest move, and render you completely unable to use ranged weaponsSo to summarise this and other points:(TL;DR)-The game has Exploits with the mouse sensivity-Paid Skins-Almost none free skins (actually there are only 3 hats that can be acquired for free the rest must be bought, there are none free skins for either the armor or the weapons)-Only servers for EU and USA-Impossible to play with more than 200 ping-Tedious actions and controlsThe game is not worth the price, AT ALL"
,Not Recommended,219640,30780872,Posted: 27 March,all,BD21,"I want my money back,♥♥♥♥♥♥was not free when i got it. I had to pay f me"
,Recommended,219640,20726569,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Phillip IV,spear and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dagger archers use is 2 OP
,Recommended,219640,30776282,Posted: 27 March,all,♏️Purplepenkin♏,well the game is currently free for 24 hours and I bought it with the moneys so im a bit salty
,Recommended,219640,25630992,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,EVale,"great game for those seeking a fun, quick, and gory medieval experience."
,Recommended,219640,14250166,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,WhoToTrus,"---First 5 seconds of every Match---AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHraaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHraaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH""The Lion dies today!"""
,Recommended,219640,26015648,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,bl sTOUTY,mang dis game is hard when leave 1-15 humen servr lots of hekker end rly porrfull DeePeEye aboosers insid concloosyn iz gud gem is old devs pls fix hekkermens
,Recommended,219640,17257774,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Diesel™,"Prequel to Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a great game in which you play as a rookie soldier who gets instantly killed by many things including crossbows, zweihanders, daggers being wielded by underweight archers, 600 ping teleportation wizards, javelins, swords, and more. The goal of this game is to die and stop playing. It is a very fun, very casual game.Endless screaming,Frequent use of ""No""Endless laughingFrequent head splatterringWell 10/10"
76561198015716966,Recommended,219640,18222178,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,backswing is a hatecrime,This game gave me gambling addiction.10/10
,Recommended,219640,10121981,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,╣T☠T╠  ℳike.littlelegion,:)
,Not Recommended,219640,16377897,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,maso,"Okay, so I recently bought Chivalry due to it being 2.70CAD for the steam summer sale.My first impression of the game was pretty good, looked pretty good, and class system was cool.But how are these n*ggas gonna set me up in this f*cking trap fam, like these mans got me paying 2.70 to get f*cking Night Beam'd. If you guys don't know what Night Beam is, i'll paste the description here:-Target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. Your opponent cannot activate the targeted card in response to this card's activation.Do you guys see that sh*t? YOU CANT RESPOND.That's the exact same sh*t happening to me in motherf*cking Chivalry these n*ggas hittin me up with some sort of f*ckin infinite barrage and sh*t and my n*gga cant even do anything in response like holy f*ck fam can these n*ggas chill these guys got me payin 2.70 just to sit there and see my n*gga gettin f*cked in the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,219640,834009,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,sin(π),THIS GAME IS TRASHCAN. DO NOT PLAY IT EVER. NOT EVEN IF ITS ON SALE. TRUST ME. ITS FLOATY AND LAGGY AND ♥♥♥♥♥♥ HIT DETECTION AND NO CHARACTER PROGRESSION. ITS JUST BAD.
76561197987572281,Recommended,219640,13821683,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Babel Nobuharu,YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRG
76561198144501044,Not Recommended,219640,30795660,Posted: 28 March,all,Filthy Peasant,"Thank you Tornbanner, for making this game free, also thank you for lagging servers and host problems since yesterday. I can't even connect to almost every server! F*cking why??? You should have made 50% or 75% discound. But now chiv is filled with a f*cking horde of new players like it is a crappy f2p piece of sh*t. It definitely was stupid idea to make it free, even just for a couple days."
,Not Recommended,219640,14516352,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Nickernator,"Its a nice game, but I have the following problems with it. Unfriendly community, every round, all I see is players offending other players. Seconds, team kill is allowed, you get a +x seconds if you kill your team mates but that will not prevent players for non stop team killing. Third, the servers, they arent really that stable, expect some lag and rubber banding while you are playing the game. Due all of these problems I will give it a: 4/10. If these problems above are fixed I will change my review.-Nick"
,Not Recommended,219640,5167050,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,dolan,"lol sowrds n ♥♥♥♥ lol, sometimez u dono who ur teemmate iz so u just slazh everone"
,Recommended,219640,9236235,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,🐛🐛👀👌👀👌👀👌🏆🍎🎂☕,
,Recommended,219640,16381514,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,RickXtreme,I don't have it. But I can review it.420/69 bagels
,Not Recommended,219640,7766239,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Gama,"Okay, that was boring."
76561197997328635,Not Recommended,219640,8625004,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Ȼ | Toll,"Great game, have countless in it. But its one thing that makes this game a piece of huge ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. That is one of the classes which are present in the game, the glorious man at arms. This class has basically unlimitied amounts of stamina, and can teleport around the map at their own will. They also have access to some of the most unbalanced weapons that are present in the game.Basically Man at arms is a class where they have taken all the op weapons from the different classes and given to this extremly overpowered class. This means that they can for example kill a knight with only 3 hits using one of the fastest weapons in game and meanwhile teleporting around the map.The developers simply refuse to fix this element, this is because the developers are bunch of MAA lovers, they simply love them, and they hate the ♥♥♥♥♥ outta knights and rest. So the results are a highly overpowered class played alll the lowranks who use every op weapons at their disposal and now roam the servers of Chivalry killing everyone on sight with their cursed norse swords and axes.Many of the man at arms weapons, makes it impossible to block facing them. For example an Man at arms charging you with a norse sword and starts spamming you with alternative slash,  you have nearly no chance at blocking them, because this require you to turn 180 degrees to actually block the slash.This would probably the game of the year hadnt been for Man at Arms, spawn of Satan."
,Not Recommended,219640,1517067,"Posted: 5 February, 2013",all,propane,"BASED ON A GOOD SOURCEMOD, BUT NOW ON A WORSE ENGINE! WHACKY FEELING AND DRAB SPAM BASED COMBAT! SPAM LEFT MOUSE BUTTON AND COME OUT FEELING LIKE A NERD WHO JUST SPAMMED LEFT MOUSE BUTTON (MAYBE SOME OVERHEADS)! NONIMMERSIVE MEDIEVAL LAGFESTS! THE GAME IS SO HORRIBLY UNBALANCED THAT EVERYONE CAN AGREE WHAT WEAPONS ARE OVERPOWERED AND UNDERPOWERED! STILL NOT AS GOOD AS MOUNTAIN BLADE! GUARANTEED TO LAND YOU ZERO HITS ON YOUTUBE! SPAM VOICECOMMS LAUGH WHILE YOU GET STABBED FROM 40 FEET AWAY! GET MADE FUN OF BY SOME RANK 40 WHO KNOWS HOW TO ABUSE NETCODE IN EVERY SINGLE SITUATION!"
76561198021834767,Not Recommended,219640,31005451,Posted: 7 April,all,RagenLiveTv,THIS GAME IS BULLL SHIITG DONT NOT BUY THIS GMAE THIS GAME WILL GIVE YOU TERMINAL 5 CANCER NEVER TOUCH TIS GAME YOU WILL WANT TO KILL YOURE SELF LIKE I WANT TO KILL MY SELF AND MY FRIEND GHILLE
76561198072516549,Recommended,219640,26008793,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Bayne the Drunk,"This game will either show you the path of being a man and adapting to his environment with the heart of a warrior and the will to fight and win or the path of the crying woman who suffers from hyponatremia. This game will definitely show you aspects of yourself you never thought you had, so beware, it's not for the weak."
,Not Recommended,219640,17813928,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Scary Monsters Nonten,aint fun
,Not Recommended,219640,26027383,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,That Guy Over There,Gameplay kinda sucks.
,Not Recommended,219640,12916297,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,frax,This game is totally waste of money. Idea is OK but graphics are terrible.
76561198138812514,Not Recommended,219640,23885045,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Caleb The Failure,Honestly its a good game. But after about an hour of gameplay I refunded it.  I mean I'd buy it again if its on sale. So my advice is if you want the game just wait until its on sale. Like for the summer sale its 3.74$. Now is the perfect time to buy it.
,Not Recommended,219640,30811743,Posted: 29 March,all,Kicker,"Free to play, welcome toxic community"
76561198042132122,Not Recommended,219640,19208124,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Asbo_Flemzo,Great memes but totally broken gameplay.
,Not Recommended,219640,32078177,Posted: 30 May,all,Crassius,"Nice job copying the middle ages. What's next, futureama the game?? LOLWay too spendy says my mom."
76561198279998800,Not Recommended,219640,29408469,Posted: 21 January,all,A Raging Pedo,"This game gave me cancer, aids and syphillis, the characters look like they have down syndrome, its more repetetive than gay sex, and finally this game is overall♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit fresh out ofAT@gmail.com's♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,175911,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,eisiger,"Chivalry is DYEEEEEEERAAAAAAA with high quality RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUH and AGAATHAAAAAAAAAAA, no doubt UUUHUUUUHHAAAAAAAH that you can COME HITHER!"
,Not Recommended,219640,16461584,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,LEFT4GABEN,"This Game had alot of potentail like it seemed in the tutorial. But through lack of updates, plenty of bugs and ""boring and usaully unbalanced gameplay"" this game is in ruins.Personally if Mulitiplayer was as exiting as the turtorial made my feel, bug fixes, and GOOD updates I would be writing a whole diffrent review."
,Not Recommended,219640,23037215,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Spookyena,"Exploiting the way the game works using Drags and Rainbows is considered skillful and fairplay.Fainting, a feature that was added to the game on purpose, isn't."
,Recommended,219640,1403852,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Masterpeing,cool and epic game alot of fun
,Recommended,219640,4229618,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,Guardian_Angel,Best sequel ever!
76561198099673441,Not Recommended,219640,20915082,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Vida2199,"This game is not good, my friend has a very strange addiction with it and yet I dont know why? I think he wants to be a knight.... 1/10 IGN 2/10 Rotten Tomatoes"
,Not Recommended,219640,16392225,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Enqvistt,Worst game ever made
,Not Recommended,219640,16384334,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Danny,Teamkill simulator.This is a very quick made game by someone who has just started to learn how to make games.Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I want my £1 back.
76561198040013715,Not Recommended,219640,28844919,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,lighteninglowery,This game is a pile of wank
,Recommended,219640,9972620,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Kallipoliz,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH UGH AHHHHHH SLASH *screams intensify*
,Recommended,219640,16064771,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,✪ Штројилац Муха,YEEE
76561198072252227,Recommended,219640,13368670,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Jon Snows Hot Ass Aunt,Made me want to murder several small baby children in their sleep11/10 Would rage again.
76561198261448410,Not Recommended,219640,19970835,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Rolands,♥♥♥♥♥no ♥♥♥♥ing words for it it is just pure♥♥♥♥♥♥wasted my 3$
76561198030848028,Recommended,219640,14105832,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,General McMuster,"Cathartic, visceral, largly historically innacurate, often absurd hand to hand combat. and it's amazballs"
,Not Recommended,219640,15176088,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Sweet Chicken Salmonella,A melee oriented game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_CiVcg-4qA&feature=youtu.beWith Pants on head ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tracers. GG.
76561198012385647,Recommended,219640,18488073,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Que,Really great game yes.
76561198064152822,Not Recommended,219640,22918860,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,HelpMeDie,This games sucks Donald Trumps♥♥♥♥♥really hard.
,Recommended,219640,10024484,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Dr.Strangelove,The idea of this game itself is just amazing - A shooter game with swords! What else to wish for?
,Not Recommended,219640,23883635,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bag pula in tot CS-ul,"Do you need an action-packed medieval game?Well,this is not the good game"
76561198076511057,Not Recommended,219640,23897364,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ya boi,.
,Recommended,219640,18558840,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,_bear,AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Not Recommended,219640,16364885,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,fuqis,DOES NOT WORK AT ALL ON MACIT DOES NOT OPEN
,Recommended,219640,10041783,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Yuri AF,"""Like Skyrim with multiplayer."" -IGN"
,Not Recommended,219640,26030029,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Log1c | CSGO500.com,Game is crap
,Not Recommended,219640,33800796,Posted: 25 July,all,Beautiful Jack,.
76561198179700806,Not Recommended,219640,25597496,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Andy,dont buy
76561198104452502,Not Recommended,219640,14160811,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ReignOfaNewKing,♥♥♥♥ this game and its animation exploits and loads of other stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥that you'll keep finding just as anoying 100th time as it was the 1st time
,Recommended,219640,7859413,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Crystal3lf,Great fun and can easily jump right in to the action without much prior knowledge of the game mechanics. Would reccommend.
,Not Recommended,219640,24380736,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Smily Mang,"This game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥now, all you run into are people who have thousands of hours, they say you play better people to get better, but here, the mechanics are too twitchy and make no sense. People will thousands of hours and pasty skin, 400 pounds of straight fat and 4 bags of doritos stuck up they fat rolls have learned this game to perfection. Get outside, will ya?"
,Recommended,219640,7761836,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Qaunt Deeracula,FOR AGATHAAAAAAAAA
,Not Recommended,219640,23131715,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Evil Abed,"This game is broken trash, made by a dev that no longer cares about the game. Garbage community and laughably bad mechanics that reward exploits and glitches."
76561197970574411,Recommended,219640,8026729,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Mistake n' Potatoes,TO ME!  FOLLOW ME!  TO ME!  KILL THOSE ARCHERS! TO ME!
,Not Recommended,219640,14605819,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,tickler,"I bought this game in 2012. Realistic medieval combat? Sick! I was immediately hooked. It became my main game. Then came the Way of the Zweihander guide. It taught people how to swing drag. The community immediately spiraled down. Everyone started abusing a game breaking bug. The devs said they didn't know how to fix it. Eventually they started to pretend it was an intended feature. The fun, kind people in the community left. The only people left now are elitists. The game is absolutely terrible for new players, so there are few of those as well. The devs have an obvious contempt for their players.Then came the cosmetics store. Cosmetics aren't necessarily a bad thing. However, once the store came out Torn Banner only focused on that. There are multiple huge imbalances and bugs that the devs refuse to acknowledge. This game is only fun if you're playing on a duel server with friends.If you want much more realistic combat for free, I highly recommend Pirates, Vikings, and Knights 2. Don't waste your time and money on this abandoned trash heap."
76561198034112506,Recommended,219640,13613273,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DOZAH,get drunk and hack up some dudes.  it's good for the fish eye.
76561197971336704,Recommended,219640,23897103,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ali,Vr support ?
,Not Recommended,219640,20223099,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,donald,"Imbalanced, stupid 4+ v 1 situations which aren't in your favour, buggy hitboxes (e.g some blocks won't work), skill biased: You will be killed so many times before for you will get remotley good. But there is no way you can get better when Sir Rapealot who is level 50, who dominates your team, one hit stabs you everytime.However, this is a blast with friends. But it takes alot of convincing to get everyone to play this game because of the things I previously stated.This game is completley based on skill which you cannot obtain without 8+ hours of death, death and death.****** DEFINITLEY NOT WORTH FULL PRICE ******"
,Not Recommended,219640,29400668,Posted: 21 January,all,Tommie55555,qwerty
,Not Recommended,219640,27988590,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Squishy,"I did not even finish the training mission, everything about it made me want to hurt myself.Avoid, even if on sale.If this is given as present, consider it a declaration of war in real life."
,Recommended,219640,9925134,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Pz Ez,"This game is quite fun, and can be very addicting. This was a little too futuristic for my liking, but if you are into lasers and plasma guns and stuff then buy this game."
76561198035380665,Recommended,219640,34751192,Posted: 5 September,all,аутизм,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░███████░░░░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒█░░░██▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███░░░░░█▒▒▒█░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█████████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░█▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░████████████░░░█████████████████
76561198049424984,Recommended,219640,23805943,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Heaven,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ัส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์
76561198037860324,Not Recommended,219640,16772536,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Bard_13,"Garbage game. Great on paper, terrible in practice. Only buy if under $5 but even then....meh."
,Not Recommended,219640,33111029,Posted: 1 July,all,Tomm,k
76561198079312334,Not Recommended,219640,28457229,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Autopeças Renault,"This game sucks, it's like a pay to win but without payment"
76561197989260817,Recommended,219640,7607168,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Hannibal Lamb,Its only a flesh wound!
76561198012218021,Recommended,219640,18052681,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,BillyH,Call of Duty : Medival Style--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------As all ways wanna see what games I am playing now then follow and view my stream @twitch.tv/spitroasted
76561198007506361,Not Recommended,219640,19037697,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Lodreus,"Just seriously boring. I've played this on xbox to see if there would be a difference yet it's still the same. Nothing looks like it's changed, and I still think the gameplay is boring. Everyone is more likely to go for the two handed sword which is ok but gets really repetitive."
76561198013462546,Not Recommended,219640,16109057,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,7thsojurn,"THIS IS THE F U GAME I EVER PLAYED YOUR SO SLOW COMPARED TO OTHER PLAYERS I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER GAME WITH OUT A COMPLETE REVIEW OF IT I NEVER FIGURED OUT WHY THEY MOVE SO FAST WHEN I HAVE A GOOD INTERNET AND GAMING COMPUTER YET I MOVE SLOWER THEN OTHERS, I QUIT PLAYING ONLINE GAME LIKE THIS A LONG TIME AGO DO TO SLOW COMPUTER BUT THIS IS A JOKE  I STILL MOVE SLOWER THEN OTHERS."
,Not Recommended,219640,14728414,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Vinilly,"Very bugged.1. First thing I noticed that the game window start off very small, and it felt like it doesnt know what resolution my screen is at.2. Secound thing I noticed when customizing character that there wasn't very many options. Most options you had to use real money to get. Like a different style helmet.3. Even trying to confirm and leave the cutimization window was a pain.. I had to hit the ""X"" button to leave and then I came back to see if it saved my options, as there was nothing indicating save, or save and go back.. very lazy.4. I was doing the tutorial I noticed 3 options. Video, Guide, or training world.. no text on the side revealing what everything was; so I used common sence and noted to go into training world.5. When I was in training I froze in place after completing a training tutorial.Overall I like the graphics and the blood. The theme was ok.It just left me depress. I expected more.. and now I am - $25 USD because I bought all the DLC's thinking already in my mind that this game was going to be it.- Sorry. This is my honest review. As a new player."
76561198028672486,Recommended,219640,30778564,Posted: 27 March,all,Galento,COME HITHER!
76561198169362862,Not Recommended,219640,30150626,Posted: 24 February,all,Kyte,"Save your money.Get ""For Honor"" instead.Fun concept,Bad mechanics."
76561198051848001,Not Recommended,219640,30151899,Posted: 24 February,all,Flustershy,"The game is awesome and a lot of fun and i think genuinely that this is a suitable choice if you're interested in Games like For Honor but dont have the PC or money to buy it.Chivalry ain't for everyone though, you will find yourself dying a lot if you just smash melee as fast as you can, and you will die a lot especially after you play for a while, so not recommended for hot heads, or players who like killing mobs of mindless AI otherwise a great and a solid game.But as with every game chivalry has its own problems, The problems of this game start after you cant play on new player servers (after you get rank 15)Your opposition will be, tryhards, 1000+ hours masters, and exploiters doing reverse swings which have 100% hit chance, overhead swings from 10 feet away, and other unblockable BS moves, all the while while saying you suck in chat or doing ingame taunting.If you can get this while its on sale then YES i recommend buying it as the levels untill 15 will be a ton of fun.Full price is not worth all the toxic cancer / tryhard exploiters the game has which lazy dev team that just list's all the exploit as a ''feature'' in the game.P.S if you are looking for a game where you will have a honorable 1v1 to the death.. chivalry is not that game.You WILL BE gang *aped with 100% chance."
76561198168575931,Not Recommended,219640,30799379,Posted: 28 March,all,ScythePKS,♥♥♥♥♥IEST GAME EVER MADE!
76561198131183326,Recommended,219640,31226990,Posted: 18 April,all,carrot,its good
,Recommended,219640,18916357,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,RAAM,FOR MALRIC AND THE ORRRRDDDEEERRRR
,Recommended,219640,24525576,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,funkster,got vacced in 5mins 10/10 :)
76561198084527406,Recommended,219640,21536649,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Tanktop Millionaire,...
,Not Recommended,219640,30875974,Posted: 1 April,all,NoWolfie,Worst game i ever bought on steam.
76561197968560421,Not Recommended,219640,10931570,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,RandalMcdaniel,"Very fun if you are looking to have some laughs while drinking a few beers, but if you are looking for a competitive melee combat game. Turn away.There is no skill required. There are no weapons that are better than the next. It's all about whoevers sword thrust registers first and hoping your attack lands on a good damage diceroll.I used to play a source game called pirates vikings and knights back when it used to have an advanced attack and parry system.  There were four different direction attacks for you to choose from as well as four corresponding blocks that you had to manually choose from in real-time in response to your enemies attacks. It was tough at first but the players who had the patience to learn it, resulted in battles that were insane beyond human imagination. Literally i experienced first hand what it was like to be a legendary swordsman from the comfort of my 300lb♥♥♥♥♥It was the most authentic, epic, just most brutally INSANE swords fights you have ever seen. I am literally talking about clanking of steel dozen hits per minutes with players so skilled they would do 180's in the air just so you would not be able to see which direction attatck they were using. It was godly.Unfortunately the developers of that game decided to replace the melee system with a 100% noob approved left click to attack and right click to block system like chivalry uses. Pointless.When chivalry first came out i was hoping it would have a sophisticated melee system like PvK had. But nope. Just left click to attack and right click to block. And it's not even a good setup because the unreal engine does not have the raw latency/hit registration that the source engine had. So you can lift up your shield to block and your enemies attack will still kill you as if your shield was never there to begin with."
,Not Recommended,219640,1875833,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,Casual,Used to like it....Now its plauged by too much non-sense to be fun....these games always have the same problems....they feed into the community and the game becomes stupid....
76561198191536328,Not Recommended,219640,30756424,Posted: 26 March,all,Depressed Kid,"Game is fun until you reach level 16. After that there are people who do rainbow slashes and dragging,♥♥♥♥♥♥like that."
,Recommended,219640,12750513,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Arrakis,Veeery fun game!
,Recommended,219640,30780615,Posted: 27 March,all,Notice me Senpai,"Like ""For Honor"" but not for millennials."
,Not Recommended,219640,16124581,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Usobooki,"Worst game I have ever played that is working as intended.I've played bad games, but they were all bad for a reason.Chivalry is the only game where exploits are considered ""tactics."""
76561198057674593,Recommended,219640,12259385,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Ȼ | Dan,"For all those interested in buying this game, I can sum it up in one word - ""satisfying"".Learning this game takes a good few hundred hours but every second is worth it.TIME FOR PROS AND CONSPROs. Excellent combat system - there are so many aspects of this which you will pick up in time. No two players will have the same fighting style, and a lot of it boils down to body language and seeing patterns in your oppents' attacks.. Variety of weapons - personally, i <3 using the heavy crossbow and my fists, but if you want to go sword and board, that's cool.. Variety of game modes - Free For All, Team Deathmatch, Last Team Standing (a ""battle royale"" mode; if you find yourself being the last man standing on a team, prepare to have the biggest adrenaline rush in your gaming life), Duel, Team Objective.. Balanced weapons - a lot of people will disagree with me here, but I think the weapons in this game are balanced and fighting comes down to skill and not zweihanders. This game will keep you hooked and coming back for moreCONs. Lag - ALWAYS check the ""ping"" column on the server list before joining a server and lag won't be a problem.. Empty servers! WTB more Last Team Standing servers with low ping. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t - Sometimes you will die, and you will literally say ""WHAT THE HELL JUST HAPPENED"", perhaps an enemy dragged you, or stabbed around your shield, or you got feinted or shot in the head or someone magically attacked faster than you despite you winding up waaaaay before him or someone simply hit through your block. These sorts of things drive a lot of new players away, but personally I love the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.. Rage - ""♥♥♥♥♥♥ ARCHER/FEINTER/DRAGGER/LAGGER/BACKSTABBER"" immediately springs to mind.TIPS. Be wary of anyone rank 40 or higher, these are the best players the game has to offer. However, always remember that THEY CAN BE KILL JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE. So many times I have seen a 1 hp rank 40+ beat a rank 30 because the rank 30 fearfully tried to block his oppenent to death.. Unlock weapons through official servers, just to be sure it registers each kill for your next weapon.. Knights aren't as tough as they look, 4 quick stabs with the thrusting dagger, 3 stabs with a spear, 1 body hit with the maul, are all you need to kill a knight.. Rush the enemy archers!. Bow to challenge someone to a duel, i love this player made mechanic, challenging someone to a duel may result in an epic 1 on 1 for the ages, or a quick backstab from an enemy teammate10/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,3434621,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Fisheye,This game in a nutshell: Sorry! Ops! I did not mean to do that! Damn! Sorry again!5/10
,Recommended,219640,30777940,Posted: 27 March,all,DJ SputniK,very nice.
,Not Recommended,219640,21971598,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Teddy,"Worst community ever.This game is great. When you play online, it sucks. You probably think it's because I suck at the game right? Not really. I routinely win FFA games, and I have a very good sense of honor in battle. I'm one of the few people on this game that actually plays it correctly.Here's the problem: The sword swing mechanics can be easily exploited. Someone with a high sensetivity can spam attacks by making sure the mouse cursor is spinning around during the ""release"" phase when your attack does damage.So basically, half the people who think they're ""good"" at this game are simply middling as far as timing/accuracy is concerned, but they exploit this game mechanic to no end.You don't have to use it to be good at the game - the game is wonderful when its people ACTUALLY FIGHTING. Instead, it's usually one of two things happening:(A) Stacked Teams(B) Exploitative playersSo good luck with that. The game's incredibly fun with the right people, the only problem is that the community is one of the worst out there."
,Not Recommended,219640,7975233,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,DanHowarth1,♥♥♥♥♥game waste of money its boring dont buy it.
76561197971087124,Not Recommended,219640,15580025,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,InfernalOdin,Sorry but this game S U C K S. Combat system is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I click my mouse and it does not attack or it missing the giant target right in front of me.  There is no ♥♥♥♥ing way I'm going to miss the 6'4 guy standing 1 foot in front of me with a battle axe. Yet in this world it happens over and over and over and yeah you get the point. *yawn* after  like the first game and u get sick of missing people
,Not Recommended,219640,12473617,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,PeasantForceGaming,Game has been out for a while and is still unbalanced and bugged to the point it is frustrating and unplayable. It is fun when its 1v1 but when you get mobbed by the whole team the game is literally unplayable. In any FPS there is at least some chance of surviving when outnumbered but in this game is is a 0.000000000001% chance. Buy at your own risk.
,Recommended,219640,29838071,Posted: 10 February,all,🤔,It copied For Honor
,Not Recommended,219640,30664219,Posted: 21 March,all,KingSwish,eh
,Recommended,219640,22862070,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Monk,Whats better than killing salty noobs with a big hammer?
,Recommended,219640,26019772,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Zeddy,BEZT ♥♥♥♥IN GAEM EVR MAKES ME BUSS EVERI TIEM
76561198072796036,Not Recommended,219640,12607476,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,FriskyUK,"Online only. Extremely boring and is a waste of money. Good job i got it in the sale lmao.Save your money guys, this is a 0."
,Not Recommended,219640,30483229,Posted: 12 March,all,Binky Boppin,Two words:For Honor.Three more:Buy that instead.
76561198042627334,Recommended,219640,16566137,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,NOOBKIA,Great game! Buy it on sale! Goes down to $2.50 at times but usually only to $5
76561198127803128,Not Recommended,219640,30217045,Posted: 27 February,all,long chin man,"Probably the worst melee game i've ever had the unfortunate task of reviewing, I'll keep it down to simple terms later down the road of this.So basically any class you get has some type of melee weapon which you use to kill the enemyOH BUT WAIT, THERES A CATCHLITERALLY 90% OF THE PLAYERBASE IS COMPRISED OF VANGUARDS, THE OTHER 10% OF 1HIT ARCHERS WHICH CAN AND WILL HEADSHOT YOU EVEN IF YOU RUN IN CIRCLESThe community and the teamkill added in with the votekick system is utterly terrible, I dont know how in gods name the developers who made this landfill of a game will ever get jobs in the game-making field in the future, but god help them if they do.i feel so sorry to all the people involved in this game's kickstarter, it got so much money that kickstarter has infact never been the same after this game got released (but to be honest the game started being bad around 2013-2014)ALRIGHT OKAY I UNDERSTAND, YOU WANT ME TO PUT THIS DOWN SIMPLEPros: Cool helmets I guess???Decent graphicsGreat game if you like downloading cheap hacks so you can helicopter around and kill your foe with one single hit while Poing a twirly twirl in your ballerina skirtBlood n gore is pretty average (cod level)Pretty cool mods though, but the engine they used is very limiting.There's about (last time I checked) 10-15 weapons all up.Cons: With the helmets, all of them must be bought with actual cash (so all the twelvies playing this game be sure to leech the money from your parents for this game)Graphics look weirdly grainy at times, and the damaged blood effect is actually a royalty free blood-screen from unityOH AND THE DAMAGE MECHANICS, JESUS CHRIST HELP THIS GAME IN IT.The damage mechanics are comprised of a simple mechanic: swinging and blocking But hey vladimir has this cool thing its called a 56kb modem, he doesnt have to block because a majority of servers on god's mistake of a game aka chiv work clientside! haha tornbanner ya dun goofed me there what a funi le meme!1111This game is so... BROKEN.... I dont know how in gods name this was even kept alive today in 2017, HOW???Vladimir will use the vanguards special ability which is ""charging"" which basically means you have to hold down shift enough then LMB onto an enemy's general area, doing a massive swing/stab implying massive damage on the target(s) in the area, this power is so overused and abused that it made me quit. 90% of the playerbase is either tryhards who swing their sword around with +6000 sensitivity meaning they're an inpenetrable death ball that cannot be blocked because their swings are everywhereKnights are usually more ""SKILLED"" players, using this tactic most of the time or ""helicoptering"" basically turning their character horizontally with +6000 sensitivity while constantly swinging around, and the block-timing is such a bad mechanic that it makes it impossible to kill these assesArchers, pretty self explainatory, 1hitting you from across the map with their heavy crossbows is definately going to make you quit this.Man at arms (MAA) light foot soldiers rarely seen because of how hard they are to play as, usually are played by trolls who firepot their own team or spam morning stars and teamdamaging the entire team and is excellent for stealing kills that a knight just worked so hard to try and get.THE COMMUNITY IS IN ALL SENSE GODAWFUL, I WOULD NOT TRY AND MAKE FRIENDS HERE, THE COMMUNITY IS MOSTLY COMPRISED OF TRYHARD SALTY NECKBEARDS WHO HAVE +10K HOURS ON THIS OR NOOBSPlease dont buy this game, it is in NO WAY deserving of $25I WOULD NOT EVEN RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO SOMEBODY I HATE, ITS TOO CRUEL."
,Not Recommended,219640,13911853,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Amalaíso,"The trailers and videos make the game look really aweomse...Well, it is kinda cool actually, but nothing higher than 10 bucks, it has good graphics but a bad gameplay.Warband is a good game to be compared to Chivalry, and Warband is cheaper, and, in MY opinion superior."
,Not Recommended,219640,29731846,Posted: 5 February,all,_OblivionPlayz_,"This game gave me a virus. If you could add $20 to my steam wallet to make up for the virus, that would be great. Thanks!"
,Recommended,219640,18487361,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Genyus|Eazy,Nice game!
,Recommended,219640,14780860,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Mireal,"Is cluiche greannmhar é Chivalry: Medieval Warfare,ach mar a deir an sheanfhocail, ní féidir ceann críonna a chur ar cholainn óg. Is fuath liom mo bhod freisin mar táim buachaill dána."
76561198059809864,Not Recommended,219640,17894629,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Robert ✌ ✌,My autistic brother got addicted to it. 0/10
76561198074753767,Recommended,219640,10012710,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Psycho,Blood blood blood why so much........ bleeding simulator 2014 GG
,Recommended,219640,11444629,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Jey The Graine,There's swords n bows n stuff
,Recommended,219640,21899280,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,smallgabe,Game used to be a blast its not as busy as it once was and needs some new content but its still fun.
76561198089682525,Not Recommended,219640,29860700,Posted: 11 February,all,Autistic Muffin,"I thought there would be horses, there's not"
,Not Recommended,219640,16397438,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,STRattler,Absolute trash.
,Recommended,219640,16041560,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Potatosack,Really cool game 9/11
76561198105222579,Not Recommended,219640,29435303,Posted: 22 January,all,TylerConstrictor,Why would you clash swords in a virtual world when you can just clash your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with another male??
76561198073391693,Not Recommended,219640,26174366,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Donald John Trump,"Far more basic combat than it has any right to have, and has too much focus on 24, 32, and 64 player combat, when 1 on 1 matches are the best way to fight. It also focuses too much on archery and other ranged weapons, meaning that combat for all weapons is very simplistic. If you're looking for a sword fighting game with actual depth, go check out Mordhau, or if you want this but with a massive RPG system coming with it, get Mount and Blade."
76561198132314955,Recommended,219640,14673945,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Saint Peter,░░░░░░░░▌▒▒█░░░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒▐░░░░░░░░░░▐▄▀▒▒▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▐░░░░░░░░▄▄▀▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▄█▒▐░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀██▀▒▌░░░      DOGE░░▐▒▒▒▄▄▒▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒▌░░░░▌░░▌█▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▀█▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐░░░▐░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌██▀▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀▄▌░░▌░▒▄██▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▌░▀▒▀▐▄█▄█▌▄░▀▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▐░▐▒▒▐▀▐▀▒░▄▄▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▒▌▐▒▒▒▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▐░░▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▌░░▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▄▒▒▐░░░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▄▒▒▒▒▌░░░░░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▄▀░░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀░░░░░░░
,Recommended,219640,18487602,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,VeX,action packed gore fun
76561198099426929,Not Recommended,219640,30879186,Posted: 1 April,all,Random Knight,Gimme my money back
76561198173416319,Recommended,219640,26318519,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,n00b2100omg,"Really, really fun.I was playing with a friend and we both had an amazing time with this game. We were both protecting a traget, and watching the enemy team trying to pass throw our defense while we finished whoever did.The fighting mechanics require some skill, but it's incredibly fun when you get to learn it.Fights are tense, as you and your enemy strike and block, just trying to cut each other's head.Definitely worth it."
76561198163591821,Recommended,219640,29618863,Posted: 31 January,all,Roger the Shrubber,┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐
76561197973311137,Not Recommended,219640,23869178,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,FleshyMammal,its not fun
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,219640,8310424,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Blackcompany,"Is it fun? At times, in short bursts, sure. Its fun.Great melee system. A variety of weapons make for varying playstyles and strategies.None of which you get to actually enjoy. Because every single time you start to do so, an Archer will simply snipe you in the back and pad their kill numbers. Or that enemy you've been battling with, slowly whittling them down? They're all covered in blood and nearly dead, and...POW! Right in the back, and another archer has stolen yet another of your kills.And if you get close, surely the squishy archer is a dead man, right? Wrong. Then they just whip out a lightning fast, unblockable dagger and stab you to death.This is Chivalry: Archer Avoidance, in a nutshell. Run to a fight. Get sniped by archers. Whittle down a potential kill, to have it stolen by archers. A great melee system ruined by the addition of completely unnecessary ranged class."
76561198082164433,Not Recommended,219640,16413426,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,hoplop xd,its ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥buy it for $1 unless u got a ♥♥♥♥ing 16gb ram computer dont buy it
76561198132949502,Not Recommended,219640,12691709,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Meany101,"very laggy game, cant do much, thats how bad the lag is"
76561198049767531,Not Recommended,219640,16398783,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dr.Evil Genius,"♥♥♥♥ing usless wank of a game. Devs need to never reproduce, abosulte waste of money and time, couldn't give a single ♥♥♥♥ for any aspect of this tedious excuse for a game."
,Not Recommended,219640,26029651,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,SRZ | Turk,"Bought it for 2 bucks on Steam Weekend Sale, honestly the WORST game I have ever played in my life. NOT worth the full price.EDIT: It gets repetitive within 5 minutes, way too many microtransactions to even customize your character. Slow menu, oten CTD, very bad optimization; I got i7-5960X and SLI 980Ti and 32gb RAM and it isnt even smooth. Teamkill if youre not good enough by better players. And toxic players, profanity through the roof."
,Not Recommended,219640,19574402,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Calibrating Turian,"This game is so bad. It has so much potential with the fighting mechanic, but it's entirely ruined by the fact that you have to spin around like crazy to actually stand a chance. Such a ruined good concept."
,Not Recommended,219640,18534771,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,IēsoúsChristosIsKyriosTheós,"Great graphics.. but bad character movement & mainscreen UI. If I was going to get into a game like this, I'd want better character movement b/c that's really the #1 way you interact with any game... Graphics can be top notch but character movement is more important."
76561197992513801,Recommended,219640,19935215,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Grailer,"Man I almost didnt buy this game because of some negative reviews but a friend said to get it since its so cheap .Boy glad I did its actually quite a lot of fun in small doses .You can play solo too , just load up a ton of bots in arena and enjoy getting killed by AI till you get better.I suggest watching some youtube videos with newbie tips to get some sort of idea on how to get better.Don't care much about the community yet  just try not to friendly fire but its hard when you are beginner.Had some guy on team shooting arrows at me ,  I just mowed him down and moved on . It happens  ."
,Not Recommended,219640,9400388,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,mr grips,"Only get this, if you REALLY want it.(Get it on sale too)"
,Not Recommended,219640,16201064,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Kruniac Zio,"Game is ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious in every way. Horrible sound (splits my eardrums even with the volume turned down), horrible controls, and horrible gameplay.A great many servers are dead. This game basically sucks. The original was better in some ways, but this is higher budget trash. I bought this game for $5 and I'd rather have spent that on a beer. Avoid this one, folks."
,Recommended,219640,30766477,Posted: 26 March,all,Boromir the Tall,I like it.
,Not Recommended,219640,27890200,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,grandtheftautoonline,>open game>plays menu>no world map>get kiiledthis games gay
,Not Recommended,219640,23890789,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Barner,"Good concept, clunky controls and slow gameplay. Might just be that I'm used to playing FPS games like Metro, Battlefield and Counter Strike.Final Point to♥♥♥♥♥♥a few people off: This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible, I'm so glad I got this in a sale and not full price. Absolute steaming pile of crap. I recommend Any other game.... apart from Dota, anyone with a brain doesnt like Dota."
,Recommended,219640,9798117,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Nano Shinonome,yes
,Not Recommended,219640,28882698,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,F-P (伊妮德),"2/10 Old man Kick out Graphics ♥♥♥♥ingGood Games Lag ping Don't Wrong Hacking Fake !!!What the hell Multiplayer 64 Error Bad Crazy Why is Kills Head Omg Rip HumanRank 0 xp Hour 48 Days is hell Jump Glitch Down Time Connect FIGHTING Attack !!!ATI Radeon 3870 or ----> higher, <----  -----> Nvidia GeForce 8800 GT <----- or higher. 512MB VRAM.No WaitPing : 930 Graphic :(64-bit ♥♥♥♥Noclip Fake Co-opVictory HackingStopped Working.exeBuy No ♥♥♥♥ Wallet Sh!tPvP Kicking Out Trolling Stopped Hard CombitGood the game Banned Kicking Stopped Trolling !!!Joker Ha ha xD"
76561198124883036,Not Recommended,219640,16706305,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SheepPuma,"Somehow less balanced version of tf2, not worth the 2$ I payed for it 1/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,26061330,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Engel M.,"What I expected: Mediveal Warfare.What I got:Microtransaction Warfare.Reinhardt/Demoknight simulator Warfare.Minecraft Warfare.IE The combat is on par with Minecraft, as is the graphics and performance.Tutorial with broken subtitles Warfare.Seriously?! How do you mess up subtitles?!Oh and 2 free trading cards. TY for the free 40 Steam Gems.*Editlol salty Chiv players. Let me just say that I'mexceptionallyhappy to have refunded this game now that they're giving this♥♥♥♥♥♥out for free. (27/03/2017) At least now I can still have the KF2 promo items and not pay for them."
,Not Recommended,219640,30167839,Posted: 25 February,all,hauser,I hope the developers kill themselvesthey are really worthless people who are wasting oxygen on this planet
76561198267600918,Not Recommended,219640,23785317,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,King Godler,"horrible graphics, microtransactions, weird animations., overpriced..."
76561198057685255,Recommended,219640,28476047,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Lockewood,"Awesome game, been playing for a long time. If you are one who is ♥♥♥♥♥in' about exploits all I got to say is git gud noob!"
,Not Recommended,219640,30783272,Posted: 27 March,all,Pankac3,It's that game that you wished was good.
76561197991090333,Not Recommended,219640,26032853,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Raneris,"Who would purchase this game? It's literally just the combat system from Mount & Blade.There is literally no additional game play, ignore the bs COD style game ""design"". They probably copy and pasted the code for the different game scenarios.So seriously, do not pay these people to do minor code editing and a tiny bit of map design. This game has no Literally NO original substance. Not even worth it at 90% off!!"
,Recommended,219640,17417198,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Settra,"Very very good game, endless amounts of beautiful gory sword joy."
,Recommended,219640,30779191,Posted: 27 March,all,JuanGabriel,great game last year even better that is free now
,Recommended,219640,30776675,Posted: 27 March,all,Smollik,5*
76561198044124352,Not Recommended,219640,19855128,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,20/4,Got vac banned for ♥♥♥♥ing trying to unlock all of the weapons (which don`t cost money) with a hack. And they don`t want to give me my money back
,Not Recommended,219640,22799133,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Dude,"This is an amazing concept for a game,a medieval warfare simulator, and it could have been briliant, but the devs ♥♥♥♥ed up.Insted of focusing on gameplay and mechanics they add new more powerful weapons to the game which you can only get by paying more money.Lost potential...."
76561198271683905,Recommended,219640,28457646,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Botmon,Love it ITS AMAZING IM A NOOB BUT TRAINING WAS EVEN FUN ITS THE BEST GAME EVER CHECK OUT MT YOUTUBE DOOPSSOUP YAHHHHHH!!!!!!
76561198198389189,Recommended,219640,28449381,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,mrs mohan ghale,"………….……………………. „-/*""\„,„,…….…………………….¸„-^""¯ :\_ / o '""*'""¯/' WOOF WOOF……………………¸„„-^""¯ : : : : : : : : ¸„,-~""**¯¯¯'^^~-„„„----~^*'""¯ : : : : : : : : : :¸-"".:.:.:.:.„-^"" : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: : : : : : : : : : ¸„-^¯.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. : : : : : : : ¸„„-^¯:.' : : '\ : : : : : : : ;¸„„-~""¯:.:.:: :""-„""""***/*'ì¸'¯:.': : : : :""-„ : : :""\.:.:.: : : : :"" : : : : \,:.: : : : : : : : : : : : 'Ì: : : : : : :, : : : : : :/""-„_::::_„-*__„„~"""
,Recommended,219640,16041699,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Puttiis,"Have no fear, 'cos I AM HEREEE!"
,Not Recommended,219640,12497156,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,plasma,HUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
76561198103729655,Not Recommended,219640,16413184,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,I Am NeW,If you have 64 bit pc do not ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT IT WONT OPEN!!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,1808546,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,PunK'iller,"Don't buy it, waste of money and time"
,Not Recommended,219640,20981311,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Quickshooter,"lets keep it simple:the cons:-No campaign-Combat can be a bit laggy-Microtransactions-server issues-uses unreal engine 3 which is ancient-atrocious physicsthe pros:-tactical combat and classes-variety in modes and maps-the two different factions are has very diverse warcrys-community driven game-good for weaker-end PC'sall and all, if you buy this for a few dollars it's not a bad game, it's still an alpha (sort of)try it before you buy it"
76561198127332637,Recommended,219640,28394597,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[MFH]Walter White,"Great game, anal♥♥♥♥♥♥is useful."
76561198015271039,Not Recommended,219640,24021398,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Barbarossa Bey,"My first impression wasn't good but then as I adapted to the fighting system, it was fun killing and slashing other players.My overall notes:PROS-Fun experience once you learn how to slash & hackCONS-* Blocking is a poor feature in this game, you must direct your camera to the exact point where enemy's sword is facing, which is extremely hard since fighting happens quick.* Level system only unlocks weapons to use at higher levels, but nothing more.* Weapons functioned not to my expectation.. it's not easy to kill someone with the heavy weapons. Light weapons you can be real fast but it takes 3-4 hits to kill an enemy.* Running attacks are sometimes annoying; it kills 1-2 seconds of your time which are critical to positioning yourself while being around enemy units.* Developer sponsered servers are only limited to levels 0 - 15. It's bad enough there's a lot of addicts playing at that level range... going to public servers you will encounter nerdy addicts.. can kill you in 1 hit, maximum 2.. how? you tell me.* Player customization limited, and could be better but we will see what comes up in the near future.Overall, I would recommend this game for the sake of the fun you can experience.. but I would recommend continously switching servers until you find one where there aren't addicts.. to give you chance to kill & have some fun instead of be killed every respawn.EDIT: i have to change my recommendation.. game is just too frustrating.. very easy to be killed while it's hard to kill.. so you can imagine how many addicts there are just killing away with only 1 hit when it usually needs 3-4 to kill."
,Recommended,219640,15583841,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,vulpes familiaris,Wanna kill someone and started charging at him?Lol get a headshot from a teammate archer.lol kill himlol get kickedlol game
,Recommended,219640,19413288,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Biri - Biri,well i guess players in this game is way more friendly
,Recommended,219640,22807902,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Raki,HODOR
,Not Recommended,219640,12652973,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Alpaca the Great,"The graphics are not that good, also the characters are pretty hard to control too."
,Not Recommended,219640,13024777,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Toadbama,"as a christian mother of 4 i DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i caught my seven year old playing this game with his so called ""friends"", the devil took hold of him when i asked him to stop subjecting himself to such gruesome and barbaric murder games and he said that i was overreacting when i saw another character in the game KICK HIM INTO A LAVA. i took away his steam community and all of his horrible machinery because i had NO IDEA such games existed. please steamcommunity this game is too violent for children to be playing."
,Not Recommended,219640,1476260,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,EXtraDonut,CoD of Warfare but with a sword
,Recommended,219640,8429408,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Tom,"Best melee combat game I've ever played. The combat is quite deep, but not so complicated that you can't just jump in and start lopping off heads straight away.There is a good amount of game modes, FFA, Duels, Team death match, capture the flag, last team standing and the best mode, team objective - which has teams competing to attack or defend many varied objectives, like burning a town and killing all the peasants, to dumping corpses into a river, to sieging a castle and killing the king!There are 6 main weapons and 6 secondary weapons for each of the 4 classes to unlock, which won't take very long but will take a bit of dedication.  The 4 classes all feel very different; archers, man at arms, vanguards and knights. Each has their strengths and weaknesses and varied different attacks.Very good game. I highly recommend it to everyone, even if you've not really touched the genre of FPS because this is just a breathe of fresh air. I will certainly be playing for a long time to come."
,Recommended,219640,32354187,Posted: 11 June,all,Farmer-Brown,For Honor rippoff.
,Not Recommended,219640,21724671,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,TheUnderNetwork,"The positive reviews of this game are an absolute lie. It seems that the negative reviews are the only reviews with any actual truth within them. Do not waste your money on this game it will be a huge dissappointment.This game is a joke. This is living proof that bad game developers can make a good profit from a poorly made game and that kids are willing to buy anything. It would be incredibly sad if I were to develope a game of my own that would trump this goddamn turd.The game is supposed to simulate medieval warfare but all you can do is spam your left mouse button and swing and dodge as much as you can. The lag is even worse when you know for sure you did direct hits to the enemy team only for the enemy to realize that you were swinging at the air like a retard being out of range only to turn around and instantly one strike kill you.The defense aspect of the game is garbage and the variety of weapons that they have available are absolutely worthless. The arrows don't even kill even though you shoot them straight in the eye only for the arrows to either do very little damage or bounce off their armor and the reloading is absurd forcing you to look down only to give the enemy team enough time to be within range and slash you in the face with their sword.The throwing axes are useless,the throwing knives are useless,arrows are just as useless and all of the projectile weapons are completely useless. The most useless weapon in the entire game is the catapult and the rocks just explode instead of being launched and rolling around as a stone actually should.If the enemy player is lagging your deadly accuracy doesn't mean jack if the game doesn't register your shots or if your projectile weapons go right through the enemy hitbox."
76561198081612192,Not Recommended,219640,10157271,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,mcpuffin,"i got infected with AIDS from just having played this game. just look at the server population and its easy to see just how truly DEAD this game is. it is the skeleton of shame in my closet that i have not deleted this turd you call a game.Are you LOOKING FOR THIS IN A GAME?Completely flawed boring and exploitative battle mechanics system?Server lag that fast internet cannot fix where shooting things or timing a swing is absolutely a luck of the draw?People exploiting game breaking bugs?Using a Knight(heavy armored class) that has the same movement speed as an archer(lightest armored class)? its so realistic that the one with 60 pounds of armor will move at the same rate as the archer. ARCHERS DIE IN 1 HIT THEY HAVE 0 ARMOR, YET SOMEHOW THEY CANT WALK OR RUN FASTER THAN A DUDE WITH FULLBLOWN ARMOR... THIS ISNT GRAVITY! THIS IS SPARTA!Sucking a long fat one?Getting teamkilled for no reason then the community of obese losers blaming it on you somehow?Then you will love this game, just make sure your gay first(or a jew). because only queers will like this gamealso you will love to suck the chodes of the cheater heart disease american fat obesity losers too 0/10 Seigheil!"
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,219640,18139991,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dustin,"I wouldn't pay ANYTHING for this sh*t!This game should be a free-to-play, it's broken and sucks so much with absolutely no gameplay value.0/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,14543557,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,nemu #ɣℴℓℴ,♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Not Recommended,219640,12032077,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Sekso Karalius,SOOO MANY HACKER!!11! I AM SO PISED
,Not Recommended,219640,28413511,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,The Husky Gentlesir,They ripped off the samurai from total war: shogun 2...
76561198277413260,Recommended,219640,30791107,Posted: 28 March,all,spaceDJ hellcase.com,E
,Recommended,219640,30776530,Posted: 27 March,all,Андрюха۞,Ееее Free to Play!(Nooo now not free)
76561198140921334,Not Recommended,219640,13630478,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,RED RAPTER 30,THIS GAME DOES NOT LAUNCH SO DONT WASTE UR MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,33237188,Posted: 4 July,all,TheRam,Really old graphics and hard to control
76561198056030823,Not Recommended,219640,14402840,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Vodka Molester,It copies from another game I've played called Mount And Blade
,Recommended,219640,21499893,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,mixxie,now i know how medieval people solve their problems when arguing...15/10 would kick my king in the back again
,Not Recommended,219640,14243160,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Don B 力 S> Keys PayPal/BTC,This game is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t nothing more to say...
,Not Recommended,219640,14842563,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Magnus Turcarum,"First lets begin with the good things. 1. Enjoyable combat, seriously is the best of all 2. Objectives 3. Large maps with more players. Now the bad things 1. Buggy, seriously the whole game is bugged, you will often hitting someone and you can't damage him. 2. Bad optimation, You will need a very good computer or you can play it with 5 fps if you are lucky, check the system requirements 3. Horible balance. I recomment buying this game at 75% on sale otherwise is not really worth it."
,Not Recommended,219640,30781992,Posted: 27 March,all,Jorge Senpai,I want my money back
,Not Recommended,219640,28471713,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,one life one true love,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ed up I don't understand who tf plays this♥♥♥♥♥♥cuz it has so many players. I waited two full ♥♥♥♥ing games to be an archer and then when I finally could select this ♥♥♥♥ing class I found no spot to hide and just headshot random players. Also friendly ""fire"" being allowed is the biggest turnoff in this♥♥♥♥♥♥bc you fight with ♥♥♥♥ing swords and while you rotate with your ♥♥♥♥ing sword you can injure athoer teammates that try to beat the ♥♥♥♥er from the other team. I gotta say I got killed by my teammates more than competitives I lost in Cs:go and I lost most of the competitves I've played so yeah, don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥just because its on sale cause I did this too and it wasn't worth it. I mean 4 bucks for a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥that passing the tutorial takes 20 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes cause that fuker keeps running when you try to hit him. Just don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ ITS NOT WORTH IT!!!"
,Recommended,219640,887400,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,UnluckyDuckie,"An out-of-the-ordinary ""fun"" multiplayer game that is great in short bursts. Plays much like speed rock paper scissors with lots of screaming involved.Presents an average skill ceiling that gets touched by few, though mostly by boring people willing to uncomfortably tweak their settings so their movement looks ridiculous and unpredictable. Likely to induce dementia if played excessively."
76561198127566332,Recommended,219640,28478229,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,orange,"there are no black people,  indie games are racist, no niqqers -18/24"
,Not Recommended,219640,30787898,Posted: 28 March,all,xd,*bought the game when It first came out* *now its free and the people who orignally bought the game doesn't get the dlc for free ATLEAST* Sick.
76561198210477384,Not Recommended,219640,16398571,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,pb,Its pretty bad
,Recommended,219640,2794475,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,♔ Bìg Bőss ♔,Good Game 100% for All Mans
,Recommended,219640,13032827,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,AarkTheDragon,"Chivalry (or, if you prefer, ""shouting simulator"") is fun, gorgeous, and addicting. It takes a lot of skill to actually be what is considered good at this game, but that just adds to the fun. Because everything needs to be so reactive in order to fight, if you have anything over 200ms ping, then you really shouldn't play this game. Another downside is that the customization of your character is very limited, and any new armor or weapons you can get (all cosmetic) are very pricey.All in all, it's worth the cost for the base game, but not much more than that."
,Recommended,219640,26063977,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kronos #RIPChester  ❤,No way this game is awesome:Good Graaphics and nice gameplay.What can I say more? My favourite game.Loved since the training.10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,224585,"Posted: 22 October, 2012",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"Complete trash. This is mod quality at best, charging 25$ for it is horrible. I feel bad for all the people who kickstarted this and if this is the quality of kickstarter games we are in for more♥♥♥♥♥♥then a taco bell toilet."
,Recommended,219640,17874140,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Onevy,"When i play this, for some reason when i see a guy chasing me with a long sword/axe, it reminds me when my dag flogged me as a child, chasing me around the house with a mope and me running away scared.Some things just never change."
,Not Recommended,219640,23128711,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,hatty,i hate video games
,Recommended,219640,30769963,Posted: 27 March,all,BeM0re ♡,Good game :3---MINUSES----Optimization-Donate---PLUSES----Graphics-Physics-Nice weapons-Nice community-Fun game :#BUY AND PLAY FOR FUN !!! :D                                              p.s i bought this game with 2 dollars :ddd
76561197996985160,Not Recommended,219640,30750309,Posted: 26 March,all,Badass Viking,Ranged classes represent the cancer of it all. You will often see archers and crossbowmen sitting at the edge of the spawn zone just sniping all across the map whatever moves.Melee is fun if by fun you understand violently moving your mouse around and just slashing left and right hoping to hit something.
,Recommended,219640,1914746,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,̇ṀΘΘƘIΣ Mookie,Amazingly an awesome game!
,Not Recommended,219640,14218544,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Enrick,Bad.
76561198117056824,Not Recommended,219640,26042947,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Glitchiee,played for like 10 minutes... THIS GAME IS A TOTAL PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE .. like really anyone that enjoys this has absolutly no taste in games at all
,Recommended,219640,30770030,Posted: 27 March,all,PsychoWren ♥,"Slash, slash, slash, block, slash"
,Not Recommended,219640,30777784,Posted: 27 March,all,Eqlion,Buying Early Access games for real money: never again
,Not Recommended,219640,25498307,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Dale,"Couldn't score any pussie in this game, not too great."
,Not Recommended,219640,23891015,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Salty Slug,"i am writing this review and then i'm requestign a refund. i was level 0 and all enemies were at least level 2 , 3 ,and msot were 12 and 13. If i wanted to die constantly I'd buy dark souls. 0/10 , gargabe game that sucks even on low graphic. DO NOT BUY , not even o sale"
,Not Recommended,219640,30778028,Posted: 27 March,all,«Rhægo,FREE! Neyse zaten 3 lira vermiştim.
,Not Recommended,219640,30789752,Posted: 28 March,all,Skadi,Are we idiots? Why did you make this game free? Please respect to your customers.
76561198331759348,Not Recommended,219640,28484564,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,rainwolf38,"FOR HONOR IS BETTER IN EVERY WAYDONT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS 1980 GRAHPICS, 1970 GAMEPLAYCHECK OUT FOR HONOR, ITS OUT EARLY 2017Carve a path of destruction through the battlefield in For Honor, a brand-new game developed by the renowned Ubisoft Montreal studio.Enter the chaos of a raging war as a bold knight, brutal viking, or mysterious samurai, three of the greatest warrior legacies. For Honor is a fast-paced, competitive experience mixing skill, strategy, and team play with visceral melee combat.The Art of Battle, For Honor’s innovative control system, puts you in total control of your heroes, each with distinct skills and weapons, as you fight for land, glory, and honor. As a skilled warrior on an intense, believable battleground, you annihilate all soldiers, archers, and opposing heroes who stand in your way.Features:UNIQUE WARRIORS TO MASTER: For each battle, choose among three warrior legacies: samurai, vikings, or knights. Able to turn the tide of battle and make their faction victorious, each warrior comes with their own weapon set and play style.CONQUER FOES ALONE OR WITH FRIENDS: For Honor offers an engaging single-player, offline campaign and thrilling multiplayer. Enjoy the full experience with friends, or alone against AI.GROUNDBREAKING MULTIPLAYER: With brutal battles and duels, teamwork is the key to victory. In the heat of battle, coordination and communication within your band of warriors will make all the difference as you support allies, capture control points, and slaughter enemies.INNOVATIVE ART OF BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM: Wield the weight of your weapon and feel the power and impact of every strike. Precise and accessible, the Art of Battle system has been designed with the objective of putting you in total control of your actions.YOUR WARRIOR, YOUR COLORS: Express your personality and inspire fear in your enemies by customizing each facet of your warrior, including your chest, shoulders, and helmet. The opportunities for your character and team to look unique are endless."
76561198068954419,Not Recommended,219640,30777545,Posted: 27 March,all,a(gg)ern gla'karn csgobig.com,"♥♥♥♥ing bs. I paid 20 dollars for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, and now its ♥♥♥♥ing free!"
,Recommended,219640,25635724,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,SnackBar,i like the fighting
,Not Recommended,219640,30790897,Posted: 28 March,all,翁焕杰的一号迷妹,WHY FREE？So much noooooooobs!
76561198305697342,Not Recommended,219640,30778930,Posted: 27 March,all,Phenix CSGOBlocks.Com,i have buy the gamenow i am asking u if i will get now advantage then the free owner
76561198080071571,Not Recommended,219640,30780234,Posted: 27 March,all,TinoA.,Negative review just because it's free.. Now this game is going to be full of toxic kids and cheaters..
,Recommended,219640,17940282,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Shynto,"Just play the game. It's good, but hard."
76561197974129217,Recommended,219640,646249,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Styker,This game is absolutely the best fun I have had in years.
,Recommended,219640,30402729,Posted: 8 March,all,Ludex,"Thank you brotherFoward to the light brotherI will be by your side brotherbrother,why do you smell like a woman"
,Recommended,219640,30411196,Posted: 9 March,all,Piotrek dogry.pl,Nice game
76561198115342742,Recommended,219640,14702615,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Cyborg Meatball,"A game about some role-playing dorks yelling ""Raggafla"" and ""Fodie oda"" and hitting each other.It has a simple, yet deep melee combat system and I highly reccomend it  8/10MALRIC IS A DUDE!"
76561198261357110,Recommended,219640,30388071,Posted: 8 March,all,Tazzie,Square up ♥♥♥♥♥ simulation medieval edition
76561198047112366,Recommended,219640,30417579,Posted: 9 March,all,StaunchFlounder,"The game mechanichs are awesome, archers are not overpowered like other games, nice graphics and really fun to play"
76561198127658143,Recommended,219640,19397801,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,[KAL] DutchWanderer,"After 300+ hours I can tell you this game is unique. Whether it is fun depends on you.The gameplay is great, level design is good, netcode is decent, combat is awesome. The only thing that might take away your fun is the players that invested 1000+ hours and twirl around like ballerinas in full armor. Ever seen a 360 noscope sword hit? Or a reverse-overhand-behind-the-back maul to your chin? No? This is your chance. Sign up to get beat up!9/10 - Would get a maul to the chin any time."
76561198044584712,Recommended,219640,30416895,Posted: 9 March,all,Khaiden,Reinhardt simulator
,Recommended,219640,7013286,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Pseudoninja,"Has a notable learning curve, mainly with timing your blocks, but is definitely entertaining once you get into it."
,Recommended,219640,1850052,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,Amyrithe,"So like, you get a sword/mace/axe/stick and you then run at other people and wag it in their body until the resulting entropy of sticking a large amount of foreign metal into their body causes them to expire. Sounds pretty simple, but takes a while to master and almost any fight can be won with enough skill. Takes a lot of time to get used to peoples reactions and you do better when you know what kind of player someone is, but there are always fatalities when you mistake a defensive player for an offensive one or vice versa. While it's definitely from an indie producer and all, I think the game does melee combat really well, in that it feels very fluid and parrying almost always feels like you actively contribute to not dying. The only downsides for this game are: Limited customization if you're a fan of that, you can get veteran helmets but otherwise your person looks the exact same as anyone else of the same class. There's been the occasional glitch I've experienced but it never persists too long. Upsides: Your personal skill influences how well you do, you can kill anyone no matter what they are using if you can outperform them. Your adrenaline really gets pumping when you manage to win a fight only to realize you're not finished with the other team. Objectives are not confusing although can be tedious at times, but everyone does them. Players are usually very sportsmanlike and will compliment their opponents and such."
76561198007096857,Recommended,219640,2421803,"Posted: 19 March, 2013",all,Ðr.ÐrainBamage101,"Not for the faint of heart, grahaha get it FEINT (faint)..Learn to master against others as they spam their horizontal attacks, as you feign and combo to their decapitated demise.A must play in your lifetime!"
,Recommended,219640,4952231,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,Insane Cow,"This game is down right amazing! If your a fan of the medieval periods and want a gritty realist medieval combat simulator.... this is your game. It's highly skill based, fast paced, and in your face. GET IT!"
,Recommended,219640,791883,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Paladin Wiggles,"Played this game almost 5 hours so far. Fun game, give it a 7/10. Enjoyable does what is advertised but its not quite polished enough. No matchmaker, doesn't seem to save profile/weapon selections so you have to repick them every time you change classes, and minor bugs everywhere. But the game is immensly satisfying when you get that strike and you see your opponents arm fly off. POLEARMS FOR LIFE."
76561198020196023,Recommended,219640,3287538,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Galactus25,really fun game love the decapatation efects
,Recommended,219640,10138937,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Glock Wan,Really good dismemberment animations top game you should chop people on it
76561198090062951,Recommended,219640,10139329,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,OJCOPACABANNA,This game is so fricken cool.
,Recommended,219640,10139350,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Glassman,wonderful game like playing braveheart
76561198079683631,Recommended,219640,10139845,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Harold,Amazing Game A Must Get Game10/10
,Recommended,219640,10140009,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,GaminCoBrosTodd,Realy good Good Job Developers
76561198256351087,Recommended,219640,18943541,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Plague doctor,it is very fun
,Recommended,219640,14675485,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Saminga,A man screaming about a travelling biscuit lopped off my leg.10/10
76561198160741747,Not Recommended,219640,15008647,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,♕,doesnt work on mac
,Recommended,219640,3775503,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Breadless Sandwich,"If you don't buy it I'll cut your head off, If you buy it I'll cut your head off.If I were you I'd pick the virtual one."
76561198046709405,Recommended,219640,14525705,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Valbo,"one problem in this game is that archers are allowed in free for all""yo lemme just sit in this corner and steal everyones kills with skillfully shot point blank range crossbows"""
76561198062674020,Recommended,219640,18606161,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Istvan Griffin,"Our objective was to defend our king. We were the blue team, the enemy the red team. Suddenly I spotted a red dude running towards me in the dust. I cut his head.... he was our king, in his blood soaked clothes. 'twas a good game."
76561197994306580,Recommended,219640,1531729,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,ELLGuapo,Great Game!! 5/5
,Not Recommended,219640,18697343,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Goran Freeman,"They need to add some sort of *elo* matchmaking, otherwise it is too difficult for new players to start."
,Recommended,219640,19118867,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,DasUndScrub,its good
76561198131947571,Recommended,219640,19112771,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Parelem,One of most unique online combat games on the market. The combat in this game is really fun and you're always learning new techniques. The community around this game is also really great. Everyone is really nice and willing to help you.
76561198086776262,Not Recommended,219640,19092789,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jackster7771,"Quite a difficult game... takes as much time as a player learns it... but sometimes it´s fairly unbalanced game... I don´t recommend to slower players to play this game, it requires as much concentration as you can!For casual players:6/10For hardcore players:7/10So my opinion is I do not recommend this game for fun!"
,Recommended,219640,19101905,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,reKoil,"This game is fun to play, beautiful graphics. Its even more fun to play when you play w/ or against friends :D"
,Not Recommended,219640,18717291,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Kythos,"Pummel people with a weapon. What's not to love?Also, occasionally shoot them with a bow or hurl a javelin in them.Edit:If you're prepared to have fun for just 15 hours, then buy it.After 15 hours you have to play with people who are way more skilled and experienced at the game, which means you'll either not have fun with it for like 100 hours to learn and get to somewhere near their level. Or will just quit since it's not fun playing against people who don't play 'fair'."
,Recommended,219640,19104895,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Aprime,I'm ambivalous about this title. It can be really fun but can also be extremely frustrating due to its mostly melee nature. Latency can kill the experience altogether. My advice: pick a good server.
,Recommended,219640,12093969,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Hans Brotmeister,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a team based hack & slash game. It takes place in a fictional world that is reminiscent of Europe during the crusades.The kingdom of Agatha has had a time of military victories and expansion. However, the series of victories ends when the Agathian king decides to attack the nation of Tenosia. Being unprepared for Tenosia's desert climate the Agathian Army fails horribly and the king dies in battle. A big portion of the Agathian army, led by Malric Terrowin, pulls back while others refuse to give up yet. Eventually the Agathian Knights, led by Feydrid Kearn also leave Tenosia since there is no chance of victory left. After arriving at home they find that Malric already has begun to unite the Agathian kingdom under his rule. He claims that since he was one of the highest-ranked figures in Agatha's military he is the one who should be in charge of preparing Agatha for the inevitable Tenosian counter-attack. He does not recognize the authority of the Agatha Knights since they have been fighting a lost war instead of returning home to prepare for Tenosia's revenge. The Agatha Knights however claim that the former king's nephew Danum Argon should be crowned king to preserve the bloodline. Because Danum has no military experience whatsoever Feydrid Kearn would in that case be in charge of the armies.None of the two factions wanting to back down quickly leads to a brutal civil war.The player chooses between either Feydrid Kearn's Agatha Knights or Malric Terrowin's Mason Order. Both factions have access to the same classes and equipment. There are four classes:Man-at-Arms are the fastest class altogether as well as the most fragile melee class. They rely on their speed and their dodge ability. Double-tapping a directional button makes them perform a very fast dodge move. They mostly use one-handed weapons and small shields.Vanguards offer a balanced mix of speed and sturdiness. They use polearms or two-handed swords and deal heavy damage. They have the ability to execute a sprint attack if they build up the proper speed beforehand.Knights are the slowest and tankiest of the classes. They also need less stamina for parrying and blocking. They are either equipped with one-handed weapons and shields or two-handed weapons. Some of their weapons can be either wielded one-handed or two-handed.Archers are the most fragile of all classes but also nearly as fast as Man-at-Arms. They can be equipped with bows, crossbows, throwing spears or slings. Archers also deal bonus damage when they hit enemies in the back with a melee weapon.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare features an extremely in-depth combat system while still being accessable and playing fast. It is quite easy to pick up but difficult to master since there is much room for skill. In the beginning you will most likely get horribly murdered but you will find yourself getting better and better and occasionally being able to make plays of a lifetime.Every character can be equipped with a primary weapon, a secondary weapon and a piece of special equipment. Special equipment can be shields, throwing weapons, or class based equipment like fire pots, smoke pots, pavises or special ammunition.Every melee weapon has three types of attacks: slashes, stabs and overheads. Also there is an alternate version of each attack. You can also kick or shield bash your opponents. Attacks can be manipulated by moving the mouse during the attack release. This makes it possible to speed up or slow down your attack or make it go around the enemy's parry. It is also possible to chain different attacks together with proper timing. You can also feint an attack and immediately follow up with a real attack. You can even perform a riposte - chain a parry into an attack the will be most likely faster than the enemy's parry. Parrying actually involves quite a bit of skill. The parry must be properly timed as well as aimed at the enemy's weapon's tip. Blocking with a shield is considerably easier since the shield can be held up for a longer time - although not indefinitely - and covers a much larger area. However it should be noted that while wielding a shield you can not riposte and kicks against your shield will stun you. So having a shield is not simply better than having none but rather a tactical choice. There are however other ways of evading attacks besides parrying and blocking. It is also possible to jump over or duck under attacks as well as lean back to avoid the attack by a hair's breadth. You also have to manage your stamina during fights since you cannot attack or block indefinitely. Also, it is clearly noticeable when you run out of stamina, so your opponent may use that opportunity to retaliate.The various weapons in Chivalry: Medieval Warfare are separated into weapon classes. By accumulating a certain amount of kills with a weapon you unlock the next weapon within that class. Unlockable weapons are not straight up better though. Every weapon has benefits and drawbacks to it and most of them are used frequently.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare offers a variety of game modes. Some of those like Free-for-all, Team Death Match or Last Team Standing are pretty basic. But there is also a duel mode in which the winner is determined by a series of one on one battles as well as Objective Mode. In Objective Mode one of the teams has to completing a series of tasks within a certain time while the other team has keep them from completing those tasks within the given time. For example there is one map on which one team has to destroy a village outside of the castle, then move a ram to the castle gate, crush the gate and kill the enemy leader. One player on the defending team will then become the leader, having improved hit points and regeneration as well a changing appearance to be easily distinguishable.There is also an expansion pack called Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior. While I don't have room to discuss it in depth I will give a short description. Deadliest warrior runs seperately from the base game, so there is no play between Medieval Warfare and Deadliest Warrior. The expansion has slightly different mechanics and focuses on faster gameplay. Also the expansion does not try to have an authentic feel to it but rather portrays a what-if scenario. What if some of the most known warriors or human history would meet and battle each other? You can play as Knight, Ninja, Pirate, Samurai, Spartan or Viking. Each of those have different abilities and equipment. Sadly the expansion does not feature Duel or Objective Modes. It is still a lot of fun though.If I would name any weaknesses of Chivalry: Medieval Warfare I would say that it is not as polished as it could be. However, the developer's are showing real efforts in improving the game further. I think the game would also really benefit from some sort of single-player campaign but that is probably out of the developer's scope at the moment. Lastly, DLC seems really overpriced to me. Luckily the DLC only consists of cosmetic items for visual character customization and has no effect on the gameplay.If you like slashers or medieval themed games I definitely recommend Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. It has the best combat mechanics I have ever seen in a game of that type.Also:It has a dedicated button for screaming like a madman.It has a tavern map on which you can only fight using your fists and get stronger when you get drunk.More reviewshere"
,Recommended,219640,19127533,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,plazzor,"Chop someones head of with an axe and then just chop up his body, yes! :)"
,Not Recommended,219640,19130114,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Special B,"Pros: Lots of choices on how to decorate 1 of 4 classes.Voice commands are hilarious some of the timeAt times can suck you into the actionTime killerSome skill requiredTKing is punished via a scoreboardAwesome soundtrackCombo swings and avoid getting hit is the name of the gameCons: CrashesPlenty of players but no middleground on quality, the first 15 ranks are glorious, but once you leave, you'll be stuck with people who literally waste time for fun and not in the fun way. If you want to avoid the trolls and exploiters you can't go back to the noob servers either.Classes are imbalancedVanguards are bad enough with long swords, why is their midsection unhittable midswing? Considering every hit tends to land where it's aimed, not only is this imbalanced, but the more it happens the more jarring it is.After going through all the effort to make it realistic, it then suffers from LOL, halflife style play where your sword is super heavy, but you can move your hitboxes out of the way via rotation.Team frustration: friendly fire is locked to on. There is no off.Wow pvp style arena points, which causes people to steal your kills and in the process usually screw everyone overToxic community: Feint? Do well? Tk someone who hit you first? Votekick a tker? It all boils down to how many friends you have: might makes right. Unfortunatly, with a lack of decent servers, this can literally spell the end of fun while you wait for them to go away.Mutes don't carry across gamesTrying to find a good server at bad times will either end with you in a server with toxic people and no exp or kicked for ping. Why can't we go back to the scrub servers? Why can't we have a couple higher level ranked servers?Server owners are anal, which seems to be the case with every medieval fanatasy fan base. (why are these people into this fandom when they have no honor or history?) if you don't know them you're insta out.FFA servers suffer from friends teaming up.Objectives are either won or you're forced to watch bad players.You can kick, you can't vote ban. You can avoid kicks.Sometimes TKing is encouraged by your team. (!!!)Your team, with FF on and an imperitive to kill steal, will jump in front of you and prevent you from helping or making you so frustrated you swing through them, losing 10 points.Broken, inbalanced mechanics that with recent announcements leads one to believe this game has already peaked and won't recieve proper love to fix the problems, so don't expect help.6 dollars for a single skin? Of course they're not going to list their DLC on steam, lest it see a sale, which even then wouldn't be reasonable until at least 50%. All characters have the same access to the same weapons, the only other ones just being frill skins, once again overpriced.That being said, the DLC skins are well done, it's just too bad they won't see the light of day on steam or a proper bundle. The best you can get is 1 skin for both sides, but only for the vanguard and knight and all the obvious favoritism on those two alone is reason for pause if you think they'll fix the balance issue.Games decent but broken and it's peaked.DLC prices need to come down and skins need to be bundled realistically. Emphasis on realistically.You CAN have fun with this game, but once you're past rank 15, good luck.I'd really, really, really, like to recomend this game, just can't.For how broken it is, the DLC prices that aren't listed on steam are just a slap in the face. Stop making dlc and fix the game.The sound track dlc is a steal though, Pick that up....this game, unless it's fixed, is not exactly something I'd lead the Steam consoles era off with with, Gabe..."
,Recommended,219640,3514683,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,시르비,이거 재밌는데 매니악한 게임이라 유저들이 다 좆고수임처음하면 개썰림 진짜 손도 못대보고 모가지따임
76561198013539800,Recommended,219640,19154191,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,SpacePants,"Expect to die, expect to feel like Sparticus at times, expect to feel like your enimes are invincible. It's the real deal folks."
,Recommended,219640,19153505,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jmaq,SWEEEET
,Recommended,219640,10153734,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Genter,No words can describe how glorious this game is. Cutting off people's heads has never been so satisfying.  11/10
,Recommended,219640,10154242,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,°«тק»°SECURE OPS GuessWho,yes
76561198034709333,Recommended,219640,10154332,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Jayko-Mayko,Call of Duty.
76561198026114713,Recommended,219640,3689680,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,Maveriech,"If you appreciate medieval games, chivalry should be in your library. pick it up and its hard to put down. a vast array of waepons, skills game-modes and maps. chivalry will keep your entertained as you brutally slaughter your foes"
,Recommended,219640,10154594,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Oswald,Iz gud mayn
,Recommended,219640,10155083,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,///jakov656,"This game is a must have if you enjoy the fast past, combat actions genres of games. Selecting your own weapons, chosing how you play, and deciding what tatics you use have never been so imporant, effective, and fun. Other games can not even compare to the 100+ hours I have played and devouted my time to on this game. It is a must have, even if your slightly intrested, I assure you it is not a waste of your money. (Unless you're the type who quite games because you suck early on, but take about 4 or more hours in Chivarly and you'll find your choice of weapons and your own small tatics)"
,Recommended,219640,10155133,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Mawlok,"Chivalry has a dedicated ""scream your♥♥♥♥♥off like a crazy person"" button.10/105 starsGotyay1 grammy"
76561198127536534,Recommended,219640,10155138,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Mr.Popo,"AWESOME GAME, if you like action and medieval battle this game is for you"
,Recommended,219640,10155193,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Shankszs,"It's pretty fun, but even with motion blur and all that stuff turned off I feel sick while playing this game. So buy it if your not a punk♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like me."
76561198070271742,Recommended,219640,6605389,"Posted: 17 November, 2012",all,SevenSix,THIS GAME IS THE BEES KNEES!
,Recommended,219640,10155272,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Boner Jams 2017: SEXY NAME!!!,"Nice variety of classes, lots of tongue in cheek humor and the combat is fun and funny as hell what more can you ask from this game."
,Recommended,219640,7410669,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Crythor,Slash some peeps up. (Just Buy It)
76561198115256465,Recommended,219640,10156052,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,sonofblacksmith,Good game went you are no need to do anyting in your free time.
76561198072388976,Recommended,219640,10412212,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Danthaniel,best pvp i've ever witnessed11/10 would decapitate again
,Recommended,219640,10413754,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,CandyGunz,Chopped off Head 10/10
,Recommended,219640,9024961,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Leifkried,"This game is GREAT for the hardcore gamer. A Heavy multiplayer experience Chivalry requires commitment and takes skill over time to master. The basic premis is simple in gameplay terms, but the mechanics are so solid and worth their mettle. The action can get very intense when exchanging blows with an opponent. This game is totally action oriented and I would give it a solid look at."
,Recommended,219640,10414050,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Dawft,"Oh god yes, buy this game."
76561198051444913,Recommended,219640,10414170,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,grainy taint,absolutley great i played it at my cousins house but when i bought it to play at my house it wouldnt connect to any servers all my other games work and ican play the single player training mission but thats it. so until the devs pull their heads out of their♥♥♥♥♥i wouldnt recommed buying it
,Recommended,219640,10265901,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Brainbutchers,It's fun once you get used to timing your attacks. Not enough content for me personally to pay 25 bucks so just wait for it to go on sale. Plenty of fun despite its bugs/glitches and weapon imbalances.
76561198125044422,Recommended,219640,10267708,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,11rewq,my absolute favorite game. It's very challenging and can be very frustrating when you get randomly one shot. Still its provides endless hours of enjoyment of hacking and slashing your enemies to pieces. get this game!
,Recommended,219640,1385093,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,Serketh,bloody good one
,Recommended,219640,842541,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Berto,"Played for a few hours during the free weekend and I enjoyed it. Yeah it has a few problems, it's a bit janky and had a lot of LAG, but it's brutal, visceral and very funny sometimes :D"
,Recommended,219640,7535925,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,The Word-Mule,"An incredibly, primally satisfying multiplayer arena game set in medieval times. This baby is born on Kickstarter, and is extremely impressive considering its humble origins. It plays wonderfully, feels immersive, and lets you experience the thrill of progress both when you rank up and unlock new weapons, and when you pause while playing and realize how much more skilled you've become at the combat. The maps are imbued with clever details like pots of boiling tar you can actually pour on people below, spikes on the walls of arenas you can kick people into for an instant kill, levers you can pull that activate traps, and siege engines that can be devastating if used correctly. The community is actually fairly tolerable, and while the net code isn't perfect, if you stick to low-ping servers and don't have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection you never notice it. And if you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection, why are you looking to buy a purely multiplayer game?Plus, there's a dedicated shouting key. Obviously."
,Recommended,219640,2478952,"Posted: 11 December, 2012",all,Charles,"If you're a fan of cutting dudes the ♥♥♥♥ up while hammering a button bound to ""warcry"" as you drink heavily and listen to metal...this is a game for you.If you're a fan of more fiddly and technical combat that involves less screaming and decapitations, I'm sorry you have objectively ♥♥♥♥♥♥ taste.AAAAAAAAAAGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTHHHHAAAAAAAAA!5/5"
,Not Recommended,219640,10271918,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,"Bandit, 12 o'clock, Low!","I want to start off saying that this game has a great concept, and for the most part, pretty good combat. The combat has a lot of unrealistic tendencies, like being able to do full damage at the very end of your swing when the blade has stopped moving and has zero momentum, but overall it's not terrible. What is terrible is the game developer's studio. This game has A LOT of bugs, and it seems to crash every 2-4 matches. Many players in the Chivalry community have serious bug/crash issues, and Torn Banner seems to ignore the problems. They release updates every once in a while, but they seem to only make the crashes more frequent. Torn Banner seems too busy with adding new armors/weapons that you can pay for, and adding/updating the DLC for the game. Like I said before, I love the concept, and when I'm playing with friends, I tend to have a lot of fun. But I would not recommend this game to anyone based purely on the fact that its dev studio is absolutely terrible. I would recommend you don't buy anything by Torn Banner unless you want a game that doesn't work, and a studio who doesn't care."
,Recommended,219640,10277567,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Unicorn porn,Best shouting simulator on the market. Also sword fights.
76561198023891062,Not Recommended,219640,10277819,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Stinky Goop,"would not buy, downloaded it during the free trial week and though it was fun to play at my friends house, i could not play it at my own home. And my PC is up to par if not superior to his! after spending the entire week trying to get help to make the thing work there was ZERO absolutely no support from the company who made this game and hundreds of people were struggling just like me to be able to play. Dont buy just out of sheer ignorance and neglect this company has on its customers. It could of been a ground breaking game. what a shame."
76561198052413477,Recommended,219640,5588205,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Sir Humpty Dumpty,Addiktiivista miekka & kilpi mättöö.Addictive bashing with swords and shields.
76561198065287774,Recommended,219640,6391455,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Rock,A must have.
76561198054687106,Recommended,219640,5722029,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,Eloys,"Fun, addictive, brutal and fast pased first person melee combat. One of the best multiplayer experiences I have ever had!"
76561198117783699,Recommended,219640,10397419,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Username 666,III suck aat it which makes me rage and stop playing it a lot. But because i suck doesnt mean its bad its amazing its really satisfying when u kill someone and im hopping i get better so i can enjoy it more i never won a single game :p
76561198059857315,Recommended,219640,10401435,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,EskoCash,This game is the business and it came here to laugh at you.
,Recommended,219640,10401542,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Seveck,I was a big angry knight and I was bested by a little prick with a knife. 10/10 would buy again.
76561198070065773,Recommended,219640,10402322,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Toxic Teemo,"this game is an unreal amount of fun, can see myself playing this game occassionally for years to come."
76561198060344878,Not Recommended,219640,10436577,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,JM_LEAVELL,"Offline tutorial glitched out, lag, just now got customization most of which you have to pay for, and is an utter wreck as far as balancing goes. Do yourself a favor and buy a real game!"
,Recommended,219640,10481285,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,GoT<3 Shabbaman,"We're Knights of the Round Table,We dance when we're able,We do routines and chorus scenesWith footwork impeccable.We dine well here in Camelot,We eat ham and jam and spam a lot.We're Knights of the Round Table,Our shows are formidable, But many times, we're given rhymesThat are quite unsingable.We're Opera mad in Camelot,We sing from the diaphragma looooooot.In war we're tough and able,Quite indefatigable,Between our quests we don sequin vests,And impersonate Clark Gable.It's a busy life in Camelot,I have to push the pram a lot."
,Recommended,219640,7122879,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Damn Brah,yay
76561198060321701,Not Recommended,219640,10485062,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Heavyhunter,"When i first saw this game it looked like alot of fun so i bought it and, after getting used to the controls, loved it. But every time i go back to chivalry i find the experience less and less enjoyable. The bugs that existed since i bought the game havent been fixed and the community is just plain awful. The weapons i loved to use before suck♥♥♥♥♥and the players keep exploiting the buggy combat system (arms going through shields, feet are vital, etc). I didn't pay 15$ for a buggy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a game like this.Do Not Buy"
,Recommended,219640,10485194,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,GracelessNinja,this game is very fun. running around chopping peoples arms and heads off. cant go wrong with this one
,Recommended,219640,10489909,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Master Builder Steffano,This game is boss sauce.
76561198035801412,Recommended,219640,7463232,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,ZeroΩmega,"Intensity, versatility and beheadings ! Pretty tight."
76561198129664914,Recommended,219640,10495811,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,nadav322,good game
,Recommended,219640,10163921,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Thot Eliminator,what a great game
76561198134299826,Recommended,219640,10163931,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,www.supersonics,yes
76561198105745463,Recommended,219640,10164101,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Snickers_Hunter,An awesome game that requires dedication and focus to master. It is not the kind of game that a novice will excell at but with practice the game play becomes easier to handle and enjoy. Having said that even novices will enjoy it as anyone can kill anyone and it is highly addictive. There are some issues with the game such as being kept waiting to join a match or the training level glitching out but in general is a well made game.In esscence if you enjoy dismembering and slaughtering you can't go wrong!
,Recommended,219640,10164106,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Meme Cuisine,this game is sooo Adicting!!!!! even if you are bad at the game it has a good Role in the Midevil games (probaly the best)
76561198026613188,Recommended,219640,10164285,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,[LOD] Nanuk_5th,"Its OK, movement dinamics and synch between character and world need some work. It feels like its using an old Unreal Tournament engine... Great idea...too early to give it a ""High-five"" I am sure someone else will mimic it and make it better."
76561198021694806,Not Recommended,219640,10164367,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,PUPPIES!!!,"This game is a gltich fest.  I have been trying to get through the tutorial for 2 hours and it keeps hitting bugs that prevent me from progressing, and now the scound cut out and is not coming back even when I restart the game.  The game probably could be fun if they bothered to clean it up."
76561198107671308,Recommended,219640,10164380,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,BenjiDaFox,Awsome
76561198033650832,Recommended,219640,10164597,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,EverLast,Great medieval war simulator
,Recommended,219640,10164640,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,crymsoncrys,amazing
,Recommended,219640,10164650,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Wolfie!?,Its kinda cool
,Recommended,219640,10164729,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Rebute,if you like decapitation
76561198136942197,Recommended,219640,10164762,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,vtmb66,yes i like very much
,Recommended,219640,10165118,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Thunder Rainbow Ponie,lol i love this game
,Recommended,219640,7883698,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Blu-J,"GAMEPLAY:8/10STORY:NoneONLINE:8/10Chivalry is a game worth buying. It quite fun and addictive. Be prepared for some frustration in the tutorial as it has a tendency to glitch. The actual game, however, is great with a variety of classes to choose from."
,Recommended,219640,10737610,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bannor136,"Ridiculous amounts of fun, its probably the best melee combat game I've played.It does have its problems such as bugs and some lag issues, but overall its well worth the price."
,Recommended,219640,10737760,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ender_W,I never thought I'd feel such adrenaline rushes playing this game. It takes a bit of trial and error to get better at the game but once you start figuring out your play style... the game becomes a million times more satisfying.  I freaking love it.
76561198016469357,Recommended,219640,10738680,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Neeto Guido,Good with vodka.
,Recommended,219640,10761668,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,deeeeeck,awesome game.
76561198000146862,Recommended,219640,10764076,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Agent Bluex,"I joined a random FFA server and fought against a man named ""WalkingStephenHawking"". I then proceeded to cut off his legs with my greatsword to which I commented, ""You won't be walking anymore!""  1010/1010 - Would buy again!On a more series note: If you enjoy nonsensical violence, such as runing around cutting off paraplegics legs, then this game is absolutely for you! While it may not be nailed down to realism in the slightest, it still executes what it aims to do flawlesly - that being mindless killing in a medieval fashion with the horrific sounds of death and decapitation.Also this game is great for LAN parties!"
76561198037529488,Recommended,219640,10765939,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Meep,"A good buy, great maps and game modes and extremely unique"
76561198019109823,Recommended,219640,10765977,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Heil Hank,"This game makes you feel like yhou're in the action, whether it be medievil times or some samurai versus spartan scenario, you feel like you're art of the world.the attacks are nice and feel solid, you never feel like you're cutting air.the block/parry sytem is very easy to get used to yet still adds a lot to the gameplay."
76561198074346547,Recommended,219640,10754611,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Deal With It,Keep up this 1st person melee combat game. looking forward to it
,Recommended,219640,10758471,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Gandalf the White,"At the end of some games I feel the same as when I arrived in Isengard after the Last March of the Ents and showed Saruman how far he'd fallen from power, and other nights I feel like I'm reliving my fall from the bridge of Khazad-dum. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,10758627,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Noxsa,"Very good game, bashing heads in with many medieval weapons! :D cool as bashing heads can be."
,Recommended,219640,10799814,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kill3rGinja,"This game is really fun medevial strategy, in objective games and as little as one on one combat."
76561197982602478,Recommended,219640,10800381,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Toker-Man,Im advertizing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. So fun. No other game like it.
,Recommended,219640,8582037,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,No English Only Sell Chicken,"Nice game for three reasons:1. You actually have to think about what you are doing to get kills/not get killed2. Taunts/shouts/laughs are spammable and fun3. There are no Mormons in medieval Europe, so you don't have to worry about people ringing your doorbell and interrupting you while you play.Otherwise archers were the bane of my existence when this game had a popularity boom. Most people tended to play Vanguard or Knight classes because they were naturally better.7/10 and I am glad they made a sequel to this game with PIRATES AND NINJAS!! I will jump on that game as well."
,Recommended,219640,10801004,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[ I.E.C ]CrazyEagle,Very fun. Is not hard to play.
,Recommended,219640,1597912,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,Indigo,fur de urdah
,Recommended,219640,1430496,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Artukk,AUUUUUUUUGGGGHHHHHH!!!!
,Recommended,219640,10802182,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,<John />,"""For Moric and the Order.""""M'ere boy. I like you.""Is there something better than to shout, bludgeon, stab, crush, shoot and chop through many people in your thirst for blood? Pretty damn awesome multiplayer game."
76561198022461553,Recommended,219640,10802495,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,D as in Cosmo,Simply just amazing.
76561198089974881,Recommended,219640,10820936,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SNIP3R G,You hit people with things
,Recommended,219640,10139775,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,h00L1GaN,THIS IS SPARTAAAAA
76561198032527841,Recommended,219640,10140112,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Panokia75,Worth a crack
,Recommended,219640,10233651,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Weber The Trickster,A Key is for shouting.
76561198129969966,Recommended,219640,10235122,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,gogislav,Extremely fun game!! The sound of people burning and gargling with blood when they're stabbed is priceless XD
,Recommended,219640,6994036,"Posted: 12 May, 2013",all,Slevinator,A mideavil FP game. A game where it's solely set on the multi-player part.
,Recommended,219640,10235351,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ximas,"This game is awesome - the possiblities with the fighting system are endless, and also one of the most intuitive I have seen; as much so as with mount&blade. There is not really much more I would ask for in a game, and the sword physics are so free that it never gets boring. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,10236739,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Nostradumbass,"Do not purchase this game if you are either A: Under the age of 10 years old, Or B: Have anger issues and don't plan on putting in the hours of training it requires to become almost decent. Not a ""Casual"" game by any means, although David has played less than 10 hours and still ♥♥♥♥s people up somehow. Highly reccomended if you like a game you can pick up and practice at for a few hours a day.P.S. Don't play on duel servers when you just start playing, the kind of no lifing that exists within those servers is astonishing.P.P.S. The in game community is possibly the worst you will ever encounter."
,Recommended,219640,6008316,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Smog,"Extremely fun, gory, visceral multiplayer game. It's very addicting and an extremely polished game. Hit detection is great, and there is a surprising depth to the combat, with various types of attacks, dodging, blocking, and even feigning attacks. I highly recommend you pick up this game."
76561197979979016,Recommended,219640,10238757,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Majin_Jinx,"Very Fun, very cool. Get it, its worth it. You may rage quit a bit but in all fair game. My only concern is the controls. There are a lot of keyboard functions and I wished your personal keying would only apply to each class instead of the whole class selection."
,Recommended,219640,1159474,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Doug,"Manly game only to be played by manly gamers. Worth the money, every cent. Its an FPS with swords and axes.. If you dont want to play it already you have a problem."
76561198041188928,Not Recommended,219640,10240627,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,YEE,Horrid player base
,Recommended,219640,10203709,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,SirBlup,"Phenomenal... however, a little laggy AT TIMES.Overall:8.75/10"
76561198105385776,Recommended,219640,10242920,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Lil Boat,SOOOO MUCH FUN
,Recommended,219640,10714902,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kintorah,"Incredibly rewarding combat is a phrase I hear thrown out a lot with this game, and I'm inclined to agree. All projectiles, melee weapons, and parries/blocks must be aimed appropriately and timed appropriately. Yes, just like real life, if someone comes crashing down on your head with a overhead swing and you don't hold your weapon up above you, you're probably dead, if not seriously wounded.Choosing positions is incredibly strategic; trading attacks and parries, using more advanced rotation and feint techniques to get your opponent to waste a parry, jumping over horizontal attacks, sidestepping vertical one, ducking headshots to counter with taking someone's legs off, aiming projectiles at someone's feet to cirumvent shields; there are just so many options available to you at any given time, it's almost impossible for every scuffle to even be a little alike(unless of course they let you pull off the same combos and refuse to learn).Plus you can use a sling to throw rocks at people's heads. So many rocks.If you like swords and strategic real time combat with hilarious warcries and a usually great(occasionally toxic individuals) community, then this might be the game for you. I've had so many matches where my teammates ask questions and answers happen(this doesn't happen in lots of team-based competitive games)."
,Recommended,219640,10716658,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Zeeves,I don't know what to say. I was supposed to review Deus Ex at this point. But when I clicked the review button it brought me to recommended games. So here I am. I like swords.
,Recommended,219640,10716773,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Hen,This game is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...
76561198116513136,Recommended,219640,10717436,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mike Nolan,very good fun game that reminds me alot of game of thrones
76561198020928770,Recommended,219640,10717566,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Aushnx,This game is amazing! Love killing people the old fashioned way and watching my teamates kill themselves accidently. 10/10!
76561198001100113,Recommended,219640,10673097,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,baush,amazing
76561198093225125,Recommended,219640,10674311,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hulio69,"It's excellent, great fun too!"
76561198002607386,Recommended,219640,10674626,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nello,Loads of bloody gorey fun!  :D
76561198057782016,Recommended,219640,10678453,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rob,If you have any intrest in the Medieval period or would just like to butcher your friends/enemies then look no further.
76561198117677439,Not Recommended,219640,10678630,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ryuk Loves Apples' Alt,"The game is fun but some of the weapons are un balanced and can be easily use to gain the upperhand. But one thing that puts me off the game a lot is that the player base is utterly horrible. The best thing you can do is to find a server with decent people on it and play there. But once you join a game you can be easily kick because people not wanting you thier. To many people play this with thier clans and friend making so that they overwelm you with numbers not skill ahd if you do manage to beat all of them, they kick you. But the player base can easily be decribed as 60 percent stuck up kids, 20 percent just gods of the game and the rest, there just mosty normal players. But if you can get past this and you love melee then this game is just right for you."
76561198127860514,Recommended,219640,10739049,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,arcondark,lots of fun.... who doesnt like pirates vs ninja vs spartans vs vikings vs knights vs samurai lol
76561198018889824,Recommended,219640,10744074,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,InfidelCastro,"Hack, slash, maul, burn, stab, kick, and impale random strangers. Occasionally get smacked in the face with an axe. Or by a clumsy team mate. Overlook game's minor flaws for its satisfying, visceral combat. 9/10"
,Recommended,219640,10737335,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Exsisto,"The Laughter, the tears, the loss of limbs. This game has it all, its Quake, Unreal Tournament and CS with swords&broads"
,Recommended,219640,7335825,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Yakkity Yak,A must have. I love it.
76561198044109605,Recommended,219640,10852633,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Fish Monger,"Chivalry is a hilariously fun game. The combat is unique, and is very rewarding to those who use it properly. Definitely recommend it"
76561197982546607,Recommended,219640,10853869,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nothing To Lose,Endless hours of mindless hacking and slashing. Great way to release stress.
76561198073738788,Recommended,219640,10853930,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Abradolf Lincler,"Team mates will kill you a lot and the turorial is hilariously and self-awarely dumb. That said this game is just a stupid amount of fun. The combat is awesome and satisfying, it's even fun when you get killed, (the gore is pretty funny/cool too) and the four character classes are very balanced. This game is easy to pick up so long as you take the time to play the tutorial you will have a blast.I would also recommend turning on metal music.. it enhances the experience tenfold."
,Recommended,219640,4332836,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,bakabrice,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME.
76561197973220172,Recommended,219640,9873265,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Slayer,If you like action packed games with blood and gore then i would recomend this gam. It could possibly be one of my favorite games of all time.   9.5/10 severed limbs
76561198074787541,Recommended,219640,9874422,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,America,i played this game before but it was for a week
76561198125708032,Recommended,219640,10188923,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Demon Of Rage,"Awesome game, fun furious , easy to play difficult to master, and can be highly frustrating at times! but youl keep coming back for me, prepare to die Alot, by dismemberment, burning, arrow to the face etc, etc, its fricking awesome. multiple game modes weapons, classes all eas to play but damn hard to master.10/10 would reccommend ^_^"
,Recommended,219640,10189043,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,i_like_pizza_76,Get to chop heads off and♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's fun.
,Recommended,219640,1869954,"Posted: 10 November, 2012",all,Bird Up!,Play it.
,Recommended,219640,10138799,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,d1ver,"This game is a different action game. The combat is really good, as it involves blocking, kicking and different attacks. You also raid castles, villages, rescue prisoners and explode heads with fists and many other things. Strongly recomended. Even though it exists lots of bugs and some people actully use them in their advantage, don´t give up in the beggining, this is a hard game. But still, strongly recomended and a very fun game"
,Recommended,219640,10190663,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,invisimage77,Hours of physics based combat fun
,Recommended,219640,10190755,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,CerebralZombie,"My first go around playing Chivalry: MW I actually didn't enjoy it. Not 100% sure why, maybe I sucked bad?Ever since then it's been all fun n' games. Of course the odd yelling profanities throughout my apartment.There's actually a lot of skill involved when playing this game, and every class have a good amount of differences to change how you have to play with them. Each weapon too is different with noticeable speed, reach, and damage. You can even get so good that you add crouch to your defense to duck the odd attack.I've only had the game for three days now, played it for 13hrs, (With still most of the day to go.) and have worked 14hrs out of those days. As I'd bought it on say, I will say it was and will be worth a lot more than I'd paid. I've laid down $60 on a game to play it enough to get my monies worth, but I feel I'll get more out of this.So I do recommend Chivalry: Medieval Warfare  to anyone and everyone. I will have to add that I'd bought the complete pack, (On sale for less that $9.00) and that you must get both! I started with playing Deadliest Warrior for a little while, then went to the Original. I've been hooked on original at the moment trying to level up and get new weapons. I like how both version have different maps, weapons, characters, ect. I feel it's a little more fair playing the original, but I do love bother.This game my friends, will only get better as it goes. Right now it's great with a few minor bugs that really don't get in the way."
,Recommended,219640,2363347,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,Stratos Phear,You want to know what it feels like to take down a castle wall? Defend a town from invasion? Or even be the invaders? Chivalry: Medieval Warfare - It's all in the name
76561198077566001,Recommended,219640,10192135,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Peachman,So much fun!! Taking Skyrim and games like it to the next level!
76561197994106687,Recommended,219640,10192361,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,UR PAPITO,This is a really great game.
,Recommended,219640,10193152,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Sam Napkins,"This is a game about yelling and miracles. It excels at both, therefore I must give it my recommendation. However, the game can be rife with glitches (including a game of Team Elimination not ending after one team died and everyone in the server begging a single person to press F10 so we could actually keep playing) and the whole thing could use a little optimization. It is a great step from the mod it once was, though.And it really does the yelling right."
,Recommended,219640,10194173,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,syrito,hit dudes with weapons in a game that plays like a source mod
76561198120654541,Recommended,219640,10242713,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,CHICKNUGMASTER,awesome
76561197984162644,Recommended,219640,10302208,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,{NS} Las Brisas,Sorry wrong game
,Recommended,219640,10280373,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,RoboDino,"I tend to loose my head in the game. It's a love hate relationship. I try to lend a hand or arm to my teammates, but they usually take it from me anyways. Lots of blood. Always a good laugh when you decapitate.What I'm trying to say is there is a lot of dismemberment.8/10Would play again"
,Not Recommended,219640,10280645,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Cannon_Fodder,"Needs work on its netcode and hit boxes. Two things that a melee based multiplayer game really depend on. This game can both be insanely fun and incredibly frustrating all in the same round. There's no real sign of change from the developers in terms of these core fixes, and because of this I can't really recommend it, unless you can get it for free."
,Not Recommended,219640,10280707,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Diabolical_Oblivion,I have been in and out of Chivalry for some time now and I REALLY wanted to love this game because i am a big renaissance fan! However the game has so many flaws that i just cant stay entertained long enough. I'll break it down with pro and cons.Cons: 1.The game is still extremely buggy. I couldnt play a single match without getting stuck in the map somewhere.2.The movements and attacks just seem clunky at times even when i have my Quality settings maxed out.3.Players on your team will NOT cooperate and find it funny to run around and kill there own team mates just to get alaugh out of it. Seems to be an epidemic for this game.Pros:  1.The combat mechanics is actually the best part of the game. You cant just run and swing your sword around andexpect to get a kill! Right clicking at just the right moments will parry your opponent's attacks and the counter attacksusually score the main kills. I have got into some pretty intense sword fights in which me and the guy i was fightingwere both blocking attacks back and forth and it felt like a REAL sword fight. Of course you get some Bozo from timeto time that likes to just run into a skirmish and stab you in the back. Always a fun experience........2. The weapons/Maps/Character designs are very nice. The gore in the game and decapitation moves are great visuals.To sum things up. The game needs a little bit more work on the bugs and alot of the players need to grow up a little. I cant recommend this game at the $25 price that they want. The game does have its good times and i would only recommend buying it during a huge sale promotion. I bought it when it was only $4.99 and thats how much i think this game is really worth.
,Recommended,219640,10282478,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,ElegantThestral,"Have you ever thought ""hey, I really like killing virtual people, but using modern weapons is too easy."" Well this is the game for you.  Have at it boys."
76561198055330674,Recommended,219640,10282658,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Nipples the Enchilada,"Within five munites of playing, I'd lost my head, been burnt alive, shot in the face, and sparta kicked off a cliff. Bloody brilliant, 10/10!"
76561198077558323,Not Recommended,219640,10282969,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Kamehameha !!!,"No story, only pvp. Kill or be killed a la medieval style. Got tired of it after a couple hours."
,Recommended,219640,10303506,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Talk shit Get hit csgolive.com,Yes
76561198124395897,Recommended,219640,10268669,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,✯DrizZzle✯,Cool game
76561198063504902,Recommended,219640,10268741,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Bobtox,"All gore, no bore. Just how I like my medieval sword fights! >:D"
,Recommended,219640,10269404,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,IRIxAgent47,"This game is seriously addicting and I cannot stop playing it lol. It does get get boring, but only after 5 hrs of play then you quickly wanna play it again."
,Recommended,219640,4442423,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,Arlerks,Pretty dang awesome
76561198071578797,Recommended,219640,10270065,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Pax Britannica,Epic game get it.
76561198031008163,Not Recommended,219640,10270158,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,dannyb032002,"I'll preface this by saying I'm more of an RPG type player, so this game was absolutely not what I expected.  It has terrible controls and jumps around too much.  I cannot get into it.  I'm not sure what the demographic is for it, so maybe you'll like the free for all battle set-up, but it is all action and no reall planning.  I've barely played this so don't take my opinion to seriously, but the fact is the amount of time I've spent on this, while extremely small, feels like a waste much like the money I spent.  I'm sure this review won't be overly helpful, other than I'll say you should know exactly what you're getting with this game rather than assuming you know.  The write-up lead me to think it was like Age of Empires, and it certainly is not."
76561198076264096,Recommended,219640,6820197,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,SexyLarz,AGGGAAAATTTHHHAAA!!! Yelling and big swords and beheddings what can be more fun than that?
,Recommended,219640,3344959,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Zephzer,If you enjoy being sliced in half by big armored men who just so happen to be on your own team then start downloading this game now. The best part is swinging your sword with this fancy combat engine and watching it go throught someone's face then getting cut by that person in the arm and dying.
,Recommended,219640,8614540,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,mChill,Happy game :)
76561198038194340,Recommended,219640,4502688,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,Foolski,It's like skyrim without dragons.
,Not Recommended,219640,8615563,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Cat Boyfriend,"Banned from a server for accidenly killing a teamate, and then from another for killing an oponent. On the third server everyone was too busy teamkilling to help me so I died until they wouldnt let me respawn anymore. Glad I reinstalled it!"
,Recommended,219640,8802562,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,DoctorProfessor BellyButton,I would but my crappy laptop cant run it :(
,Recommended,219640,141356,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,twitch.tv/MysterysauceOG,"This game is legit.  Worth playing, worth buying, worth putting a few hundered hours or so.  Buy the 4 Pack and invite all da homies"
76561198044382516,Recommended,219640,8805576,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Talib,Great fun game with friends
76561198012424204,Not Recommended,219640,8719955,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Goblin Bill,"I thought it would be some sort of realistic medieval warfare simulator, but it's really just an online hack and slash."
,Recommended,219640,8720028,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Tehcrunk,"It's Counter-Strike / Team Fortress 2 / Call of duty Multiplayer, but with medieval weapons and settings/objectives instead of modern. Definitely a lot of fun and worth about ten bucks at least."
76561198019122516,Recommended,219640,3222991,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,Tropheus,"Probably the best game of its genre, if you are looking for the realistic brutal experience of an ancient war hero, try this game out. I would have to say it is better than War of the Roses and I have both games."
76561197969786013,Not Recommended,219640,8724796,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,majorsnuggles,too many problems with this sorry
76561198027465920,Recommended,219640,8724967,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Gobu,Must have!!! Absolute fun. Amazing
,Recommended,219640,8725240,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Agitated,"Fun simple game, rage inducing and yet addicitve great game to play in a group"
,Recommended,219640,7660992,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Z4NN1N,FPF - First Person Fencer
,Recommended,219640,8978120,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Pinhead Larry,"love the game, but it never remembers how many kills to unlock the next weapon."
76561198024155569,Recommended,219640,3522900,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Agent Smith,"Great game! Is hard as you counter players of all different levels and you must have skillz to do well in this game, Amazing grafics and this feeling that you actually play the character is there. Be prepared for blood and cut offed limbs. 8/10"
,Recommended,219640,8980097,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,egg,i cut someones head off
76561198039120058,Recommended,219640,8981740,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,RandomNinja,Nothing better than charging in and lopping off heads and limbs :)
,Not Recommended,219640,8902395,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Cakes,"The game it self is ok but is so so so so so so poorly optimized, buggy, laggy that for me it is unplayable... If you want good experience with the game buy the expansion which i did not and also wont... The game dissapointed me a lot"
76561198056066084,Recommended,219640,5929454,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,Wombat,fajne
76561198047750263,Recommended,219640,8552358,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Toki Wartooth,you will have a bloody good time. lel
,Recommended,219640,303531,"Posted: 20 October, 2012",all,Challenger [CC],Best medieval warfare game!
,Recommended,219640,6465983,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,SOUP,Great Game!
76561198066383395,Recommended,219640,8554648,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,$20 Is $20,"This game is very complex and difficult to master, yet you can't help but have fun with the combat."
76561198074662614,Recommended,219640,8382655,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,skylord_hawk,this game has awesome phisics it is good to settle arguments though there are a few cracks in the levels that i wish could be fixed
,Not Recommended,219640,8382908,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,T-Mac || Mythical.pro || New Vid,this game is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198038369819,Recommended,219640,8384874,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TheGiantNinja,Everyone should play this game!
,Recommended,219640,4611181,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Not Without My Anoose,So much rage.
76561198018674348,Recommended,219640,3186640,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,Ranger7323,"If you love everything medeival you have to get this game. Wicked intense first person melee focused game. It can get kinda buggy if you try and enter a 64 person free for all, but anything with 32 players and below should run just fine on even a basic computer."
76561197976302120,Recommended,219640,8386251,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Terror Rick,"Very fun game. I look through my gamelist, and end up playing this. Make sure you buy the dlc: Deadliest Warrior. It's all I play. I have just under 30 hours on the game."
,Recommended,219640,8387274,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Literally,Meh
,Recommended,219640,6719149,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,All-Legs More-rice,"The game is rather easy to play and there are a variety of maps to play on with different gamemodes, this brings us back to the classic melee fps games. It's more fun with friends than playing online but the experience is still enjoyable. I give the game a verdict of 7.9/10"
,Recommended,219640,8387724,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,NotJacob,Love the game! Very easy to pick up on but still has a challenge. I would also reccomend getting the Deadliest Warrior DLC.
,Recommended,219640,8388383,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ryanryan,cons: this game is only fun if you play with people who aren't good at itpros: the developer has created one of the top spammable screaming/yelling buttons in video games
,Recommended,219640,8389053,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MynameisAdam,most brutal and addicting game I have ever played.
76561197998766396,Recommended,219640,7596339,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Donaghue,"Having your arms and legs hacked off has never been more hilarious. :) Lag will kill you if you have lousy (Australian) internet, but what a way to go. Play it with friends and play it often."
,Recommended,219640,8427006,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,NANI?!,"Can also be called the Medieval Screaming Simulator. Which is quite awesome, since you can butcher anyone you like to death with brutal weapons. Not the best graphics, but very nice mechanics."
76561197974709450,Recommended,219640,8427171,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Xander,MLG
,Recommended,219640,8427272,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Uberchan,This game is just outstandingly addicting for a hardcore online game! if your looking for a game where you slaughter as much as you get bruttally killed then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,219640,8237782,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ulven,"Very fun and rewarding skill-oriented gameplay. Still, only buy it if you have a good internet connection, because it is also very ping dependent and has virtually no single-player mode (bots suck)."
,Recommended,219640,5157527,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Worthers,Great game for pvp lovers and stunning graphics!
76561198066058212,Recommended,219640,9866168,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,nortor267,"Chivarly is a great game, no doubt about it. Its extremly fun and a refreshing break to all the first person shooters out there. i have very few problems with the game, but the most annoying glitch is when your weapon progress is rest."
,Recommended,219640,9867441,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,sam,I ♥♥♥♥s with this game.
76561198105256895,Recommended,219640,9868815,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Paradox3645,this game is fun
76561198015269174,Recommended,219640,8367360,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Michael Darksky,"Take up arms and try to imagine all the severity of the Middle Ages, but be careful you never know what you have prepared in the fate of the coming battle"
76561198003363237,Recommended,219640,2167392,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,Doyle,"Fun Melee based FPS, definately worth a shot"
,Recommended,219640,3293226,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,gappo3,超おもろい皆で叫びながら突撃する瞬間といったらもう・・・
,Recommended,219640,3711349,"Posted: 5 February, 2013",all,Saboteur100,Pretty impressive combat system actually.
,Recommended,219640,30468251,Posted: 12 March,all,Rinlex,"For all of the people who call them ""exploits"" really don't understand the game. Me and my friend, Nuna, always used to be like ""How did he hit me, must be hacks"" but through further research we found out a new element of skill that was way behond our knowledge. That was the ability to learn, that 18% of people don't understand. If you can't beat the exploit, use it. Simple knowledge and common sense.This game, is wonderful and unique. I highly reccomend it to people willing to put a couple of hours into practise to learn how to play. Just watch a couple of online videos or even the in game videos.PS. Don't play archer ^.^"
,Recommended,219640,9650761,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Gungrave,I've played this after the game was launched and then later on and its been vastly improved upon but to newcomers it will have a steep learning curve as you will have to get used to learning the distance you can swing your weapon to cause injuries and also how to block and counter attack properly.overall its a well rounded game that is well worth it but don't bother getting the Deadliest Warrior expansion since that is a broken mess.
76561198027553323,Recommended,219640,9655204,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Jizzy-J,"This game is gory and bloody and really fun if you havent heard of it check it out for yourself,Altho this game can be hard for beginners  8\10"
,Recommended,219640,9569638,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,.demon,"Cool game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hit detection and horrible ping on almost every server. Nice star wars mod for it though."
,Recommended,219640,5389650,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Ixo,"This game is very fun but very challenging.If you have the patience to try and get good, i definitely recommend this game.Can be more fun if you play on a server with Bots, as those are all much easier to kill than people.Note: extreme gore and blood, not recommended for the squeemish!OFF WITH HIS HEAD has never been more of a thing."
,Recommended,219640,743464,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,BobDendry,Hectic game.
76561198096979625,Recommended,219640,9688137,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,The Messiah Of Derp,"I think this game really satisfies your lust for gore & Pvp! Well worth the money.There are different gamemodes so you can variate between mindless killing to objective based slaughters!All in all. There are different servers which are ""Duel"" Servers which you can fight someone up close and personal.Really fluent game controls and mechanics so yeah... Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,219640,1749160,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Vivianite,"is this game good?  well its a crapshoot.  i cant say its good or bad.  its in the middle but it feels very unpolished.  nothing really bugged so much as infaturatingly furious gameplay.  well ok maybe theres a few bugs but there pretty minor and dont disrupt things too greatly.  what is bad though is the hud/ui, i know the people behind the mod were in on this how did it become so terrible in the transition?"
,Recommended,219640,3882124,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,fin,"An extremely addicting game with fun and easy to learn mechanics! Also it's really satisfying to chop people up as a Vanguard, haha"
,Recommended,219640,3939784,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,123,"sick, malade, loco game, not seen a so good batle system since age's"
,Recommended,219640,4940610,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,[VCD] Defender (no mic),"This game is wall to wall action. Decapitations are so ♥♥♥♥ing satisfying, so is pouring boiling oil down on a mother fletcher. The only gripe I have would be some of the less skilled players running in and hitting you from behind when you're in the middle of an intense as all hell fight with someone. Other than that, pure sword-rattling goodness."
,Recommended,219640,9680263,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,MikosoOsaco,"This game is too good! Takes a while to learn, and trust me there will be rage quits. Without the DLCs there are 4 classes to choose from, each having their advanatages and disadvantages.Team fights go a long way by getting a balanced mix of classes.Lots of game modes to play with.Frequent updates. Mods from workshop are included on the search, and some are very VERY good!Buy this game, support, and see for yourself!9/10"
,Recommended,219640,10551524,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Keith_Games,One of the more refreshing multiplayer experiences in a very long time. The DLC adds to the fun as well.
,Recommended,219640,4787168,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Lord Derox,"Great game, I've already had tons of fun thanks to this one."
,Recommended,219640,10561531,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sul6,اللعبة ممتعة جداً لأنها مجرد لعبة سيوف من المنظور الأول و أونلاين . تحتاج مهارة و تعوّد و توقيت عشان تفوز فيها
,Recommended,219640,3726088,"Posted: 14 February, 2013",all,Ahmed,"One of the best ""stabby stabby action"" game out there.. PM me if you want to try it out"
76561198101258601,Recommended,219640,10727121,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sir Pichuk,Got my head chopped of with a mace and spawn camped by a teammate 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,219640,10728062,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,I'm insane but with no aim,Smack around people with spears!8/10 RECOMENDING!!!!!!!
76561198020434969,Recommended,219640,10699532,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,TWC_Verto,"If you love stabbing, chopping, and hacking off Heads you'll love Chivalry: Medieval Warfare.  After watching you lob off your enemies heads, other players tend to avoid and run away from you which only results in getting it in the A__."
,Recommended,219640,10701551,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Miss Mercury★,"This game is ridiculous, bonkers, mad fun - at least until you start playing against people who are actually good. For a little while you can get away with randomly clicking whatever button seems to make the most sense, but as you rank up some skill becomes a requirement. I liked the customisation options, and I enjoy watching people be chopped to bits in a variety of ways (sword, axe, poleaxe etc). If you can get it on sale, it's definitely worth it."
,Not Recommended,219640,10702327,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,dougbaker45,Very clunky and always windowed
,Recommended,219640,10702863,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Yusuke,"This is like playing Call of Duty, but with swords,axes,crossbows,maces and more. Animations are cool too, i would definitively reccomend this to anybody."
,Recommended,219640,10703336,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Killer185,Fantastic game... That is all.
,Recommended,219640,10712934,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lebron Games,"This game is amazing. I'm not usually a Multiplayer gamer, but this game scratches my itch, and creates an all new addiction. Visceral combat, satisfying, skill-based melee sword play. The DLC is based on the show Deadliest Warrior, and it is just as good as the original game, if not better. This has got to be my favorite indie as far as being able to keep me coming back for more. It's truly satisfying."
76561198054961066,Recommended,219640,5758011,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Robobison,"Very good game with good compeition, Thi game has a very high learning curve and there are many ways to perfect your own combat style. It is also the best representation of real medival combat, I recommend it to anyone except those with short patience... again lol"
76561198091290552,Not Recommended,219640,9826581,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,NeighbourVadimHypercase.net,well first this is really cool game dev are u fool ?? try something more useful anyway i was going to buy the game but it turn to normal price wtf is this
76561198126975019,Not Recommended,219640,9826695,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,wolfinston85,"First lobby it's lagging, second lobby has racist chat against jew's, third lobby i can't spawn, fourth lobby my ping goes as high as 200...This is a broken mess of a game, and i regret every single penny that i spent while buying it, i can honestly say it's one of the worst online experiences that i've ever had in my life."
76561198074294910,Recommended,219640,6756525,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Orias,REALLY NICE game! although their isn't an alltime K/D (so you're only really playing for the fun) but just the fun of it IS enough to keep you wanting more!
,Recommended,219640,5178220,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,dm.black,"Jogo Indie, diversão profissional. Recomendo!"
76561198100840789,Recommended,219640,7436933,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,yippee74,this is awesome and i recommend it because its got best graphics and keeps the fun going
76561198063260635,Recommended,219640,6301499,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,123,Amazingness <3
,Recommended,219640,6143833,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,JOIN MY DISCORD,A game of skill and timing with your every attack. If you swing your sword early theres a very likley chance your gonna die. whoever this actually makes the game more fun and of course being a game using the unreal engine its got some pretty good graphics.Tip: a game for people who like medival warfare but can't find an FPS version of it apart from all the elder scrolls.
76561198038363615,Recommended,219640,9782654,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,srutherford1172,"a lot of fun, constantly updated, be prepared to die a lot at first though"
76561198020844223,Recommended,219640,9783597,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Gojira,"My first thought were: Damn its hard to hit people, the mouse is a little loosy goosy, I love the environments, I still need to get the hang of it. Fun game."
,Recommended,219640,2216386,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Guty,Una buena compra
,Recommended,219640,6283383,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,Gail the Snail,Complete with medieval lag
76561198020612734,Not Recommended,219640,9920551,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Slightly roasted slavic potato,"The game is good. It has good graphics and its made on unreal 3. Its brutal and awsome. But for an unknown reason after the last patch it craches evry time i play.....like a game of 1 hour 2 crashes are garanted. And no its not becouse i have a crappy computer....i play dead island riptide on max graphics with full efects and no crashes no lagging,,,,,but torn banner dosnt give a rat♥♥♥♥♥about that.....the only thing it cares about is dlc knights :p"
,Recommended,219640,3947216,"Posted: 19 March, 2013",all,Slap Sensei,Agatha!
,Recommended,219640,80252,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Dirtius,"Nothing says ""Let's be friends!"" Like chopping said friend's head clean off."
,Recommended,219640,7564293,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,dynamite joe,If you enjoy violent medieval hack & slash action this game is for you!
76561198012008446,Recommended,219640,2746411,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Streizar,"VERY good First Person medieval game, it's gameplay is very brutal and satisfying, I haven't put much time into it, I just haven't gotten around to it. Good for people who like online play."
76561197962042356,Not Recommended,219640,8191585,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,hubris,This game is too broken to enjoy.
76561198073745162,Not Recommended,219640,9916530,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,MightyManGamer,"In general I like this game. Very good graphics, nice levels, and the class systems are very nice.  But multiplayer sucks.  The controls suck.  I have EXCELLENT internet, and a decent computer, but so many players connecting lags the game terribly.  So basically, if you have a dedicated gaming computer, and a monster internet connection, this game could be a lot of fun for you, if you can get by the crap controls.  Otherwise, you will be very frustrated playing this game.  I really like it, but it was way to frustrating to play anymore."
,Recommended,219640,6092696,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,TheMattInTheHatt,Amazing graphics fun to play with friends
76561198068977089,Recommended,219640,6557535,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Justicar Alaric,Hacking and slashing in this game is easy to learn hard to master. One of my favorite games.
76561198080042572,Recommended,219640,9856555,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Phil Swift,A fun game in which you are knights and you can chop people's heads clean off. Also there is a mod where you can use light sabers.
76561198051308936,Recommended,219640,9856570,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,SirRust,"This game is like battlefield 3 but midevil it has levels to unlock weapons,big maps,small arena like maps,and it is extremly fun to play with friends so check it out also check out the dlc deadliest warrior."
76561197988070910,Recommended,219640,1157436,"Posted: 22 October, 2012",all,Venom,Insane fun!
76561197999791207,Recommended,219640,9858538,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,CptJohnMiller74,"I would definitely recommend this game. However, I do so with some hesitation. It is the most fun I've had in a while; the combat is fun, fresh, and gory, and even when I'm doing badly I have a great time. I played the original mod for HL2, Age of Chivalry, and loved it, so when this game went on sale during one of the steam sales, I picked it up. It is definitely worth the $5 I payed for it, and it's even worth the $25 it normally is (wait for it to go on sale though, it always is). I like the game a lot, I just wish I had friends to play it. The reason I have some hesitation is because of the developers, and how they all must be on some type of drug. They don't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about this game. There are balancing issues, a lot of people have performance issues, and instead of releasing new weapons/armors/maps/etc, they released a crappy DLC that has no depth or team balancing and a whole slew of microtransactions for new helmets. All in all, I love the game, but I hate the way it's being supported."
76561197992286548,Recommended,219640,9858646,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,ShoBo,"ARRR, bloodthirsty, heads and legs let `s cut them down !!!"
,Recommended,219640,7133572,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,Tipson,крутая игра
,Not Recommended,219640,9343566,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Onyx Prism,The battle mechanics are really bad and hard to learn. Tutorial is laggy and glitchy.
,Recommended,219640,5922764,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,SpeakEnglish,"Not worth more than 5 dolla...It's got horrible mechanics. The game's clunky and the graphics are not really that great. The game is very limited and you'll find yourself bored, quickly. Don't buy it unless it's below $5."
76561198008193698,Recommended,219640,9344259,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,FlamingPoop007,awsome game its like a call of duty game but in medival age
76561197992143051,Recommended,219640,7418302,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,quantuminterpolation,лагающее ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о D:
,Recommended,219640,6677605,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,kebel,tis good
76561198126866679,Recommended,219640,9348251,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,poopybuttholeflaps,Awesome Game
,Recommended,219640,9348319,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,NIP︱Craig,"All Kinds of youtubers used to play it they enjoyed the gore in this game just by pretending your in the game become a Knight,Archer,Vanguard, _____, To defeat the enemy side Defend Or Attack will be your objective Multipled kinds of Medieval Weapons Higher The Rank the better!"
76561198021354269,Recommended,219640,3355838,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,Dray,css with swords
76561198001752043,Recommended,219640,2067597,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,HolidaySpiritGix,PARTY HARD!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,1766176,"Posted: 20 October, 2012",all,skyf1re,Horrible mechanics.Very unstable and poor graphics (low fps even on high performance PC's).Horrible sound.Totally not worth even looking on it.
76561198026984196,Recommended,219640,9337978,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Vicious,The lion dines tonight!!
76561198056835285,Recommended,219640,9338124,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Garam Orange,"One of the arms was cut off,my blood was all over the place,the screen was getting darker and my character was screaming in pain as his flesh burned,but,for some reason,all that pain felt good in some way;Watching your arm getting cut off as you scream in pain is of of the most satisfying things in this game.The same goes to when you are the one cutting someone's arm off. 9/10. You should definetely buy it."
76561198083914249,Not Recommended,219640,9342929,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,bananakin,"Could be fun, but not now. Sooo many kids are playing this game currently."
,Recommended,219640,9268948,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Dino080,Nice Graphics
,Recommended,219640,10226043,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Rage toggle,This Game is racist you cant have Your Character Black and its sexist your character cant be a woman but other than that 10/10
,Recommended,219640,10227293,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,DaaBears,I recomend this game to anyone who likes to feel like a total badass while SWORD FIGHTING
76561198003027242,Recommended,219640,2147510,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Tartar,Decapitation ... Nuff said.
76561198046501660,Recommended,219640,10230446,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Vladimir Tootin,GAME IS EPIC!!!!
76561198118753389,Recommended,219640,10232220,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,MalaMala,"very hard very angering. you will die many times, but have the greatest time doing it"
76561198040225553,Recommended,219640,4642649,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,OG Uncle Cream,get it!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198073164879,Recommended,219640,10232616,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Demonik,"Not as good as I thought but a really good game to break away from the likes of COD or BF shoot em ups, it is also kind of hard to get used to but with a bit of time played it can be a good time waster."
76561198039507504,Recommended,219640,10512848,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,xxStrikerxx007,I LIKE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so you should get it who ever is reading this
76561198079495946,Recommended,219640,10514808,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,76561198079495946,"This game is very different from normal action games. The physics are tweaked so they are even more realistic. The swinging of weapons is down to it so in detail that a millisecond can save your life in this game. If you love MMO's or just wanna play with bots and wanna mash someones skull in, this is your game!"
,Recommended,219640,185602,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,SuperArashi90,"A 50$ game, in every respect. From graphics to combat mechanics - free DLC and constant fun - this is a must have for any fan of melee combat, realism or just good old team-play."
,Recommended,219640,724740,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,tobizeps,swing your sword like a boss
76561197987173297,Recommended,219640,10465057,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Rajcze,Great game! I would call it Counter strike from medieval times :-) Its simple but it is also surprisingly hard to handle the control. I love the chaos during the Free-for-all games. The anger when you fight someone for longer time and when you almost have him - someone else runs in and kill him :-) (or kill you both with single swing)..and great feeling when you do exactly the same thing to others :-) ...Classes are well balanced. Buckets of blood and violence. Great idea! Definitely recommend.86%
,Recommended,219640,10465232,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,bentacos,HELP! HELP ME! I NEED HELP!
,Recommended,219640,10465625,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Jeff Dunham,Scream at enemies to decapitate them.
76561198092357546,Recommended,219640,10499180,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Sammy the Wonder Weasel,This is the kind of senseless violence that builds character.  10/10 would decapitate again.
,Recommended,219640,7438405,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Rasputin,HA!OHUW!HUH!ARRRGGAGAGAGAAAA!
,Recommended,219640,10501026,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Cuda,"What a blast. Buy it in a pack with friends. Great combat, decent replayability."
,Recommended,219640,6553235,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,GOD OF FRIES,This game is an epic bloodbath.
76561198011003782,Recommended,219640,10526879,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Tropic Cruise,"Come on give a recommened systems requirements, money making pigs"
76561198111655789,Recommended,219640,10529327,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Fat Virgin,10/10 so fun
,Recommended,219640,9446063,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Hungrychip697,"This game is so much fun. one of the best multiplayer games out there for sure. but if you get dont be surprised when you find your self in rage mode because you keep getting decapitaded, but none the less its always a fun game to play when ever your in the mood for some multiplayer mayhem.10 out of 10 would play again. :D"
,Recommended,219640,9513953,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,GP| ^1Russian^4Grandma,Yes its great! Ive seen so many playthroughs! I want is sooooo bad
,Recommended,219640,5238983,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Jee,"Pretty fun game, get it on sale though, probably not worth the $25."
,Recommended,219640,9538592,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,"Jimmy ""Jerry Seinfeld"" Wilson",buh
76561198014901969,Recommended,219640,2942891,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,(WmC) Irondibble,Nothings more satisfying then swordplay.
,Recommended,219640,9554540,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Good Drink,"Moving and fighting is clunky and awkward, and I love it."
76561197993294446,Recommended,219640,1442913,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,Todd,even after a few weeks still the most fun ive had in a videogame for years
76561198045627918,Recommended,219640,9556900,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Yerczeys,If you're into multi-player deathmatch type stuff this game might not be bad for you.  Really interesting combat set-up for sure.  Personally I'm a single player fan so this didn't do much for me.  7/10
,Recommended,219640,9403840,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,gemidão do zapzap,AAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaAAAAAAaAAAAaaaAaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaA
,Not Recommended,219640,9405501,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Vinegar Cock,I'll keep it short and sweet.Spend your money on something else.
,Not Recommended,219640,9435512,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Kiro,"Not very fun, controls are slow and very inacurate, not much fun seems how you have to buy a server to play privately...its either that or go forever alone style with boring♥♥♥♥♥bots, worse multiplayer I've ever played to tell the truth :/"
76561198063273566,Not Recommended,219640,9435559,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,dareezzyy,Why did I spend money on this
,Recommended,219640,5231536,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Xenon,"Sluggish and a not very well developed but that's what you get when you make a game on a DK. If you've played killed Floor the movement is very similar, but over all this game is super fun to play and supports good multiplayer features. Worth the buy if you can put up with it being a DK game."
76561198006692008,Recommended,219640,9441818,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,After Pie,"This game is pretty great if you want to let off some steam, there isnt much better than running spamming the scream and hacking someone to death with a huge sword. there are a few wonky mechanics and glitchs but it is deff worth the time to check out. And dont forget to use the scream spam, quiet fights are for ninnees."
76561198040302708,Recommended,219640,9442249,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Manet Chair,another amazing multiplayer experience but this time more versus than co-op with fun challenges and good graphics. although the gameplay is a but buggy it is still mcaptivating and that buggyness to it gives it that difficult feeling.7/10 for multiplayer experiences6.5/10 overall
,Recommended,219640,5061744,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Tigen07,"Get this game now, it's awesome"
,Recommended,219640,9418149,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Tyler,Very fun game. Really good combat!Singleplayer - N/AMultiplayer - 9/10Gameplay - 9/10Graphics - 7/10Value for money - 7/10
76561197977765747,Recommended,219640,766082,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Myles,"most fun playing multiplayer in a long time. combat is brutal and diverse, definitely worth 8.50"
76561198023472264,Recommended,219640,3480807,"Posted: 8 November, 2012",all,lobster trapper 정언영,the desert map has AMAZING palm trees
,Recommended,219640,2309767,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,PSYONIC,Extremely fun but beware of learning curve...
76561198009595827,Not Recommended,219640,2583946,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Dickmeis,"I bought this game hoping for a good slasher similar to die by the sword (1998), and while the hit detection is ok, the mechanics are poor and the game itself is a complete bore. I'm glad to be supporting indie developers, but this game needs a lot of work before it could be considered fun."
,Recommended,219640,10431942,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Jobear,"Got the game to play in the low gravity server. even in normal its fun. Always wanted to kill fools heads,arm,legs off. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,10922972,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Karl Fuckin' Franz,"Very intense, very fun game. The combat system is easy to learn but difficult to master, and melee is where this game is at. Recommended for anyone who likes competitive multiplayer as well as a very fine tuned, precise Medieval Combat game."
,Recommended,219640,10923047,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Vinett,"Best melee hit detection I've ever experienced in a game. The game is so emersive that I feel like the filthy, putrid peasant I am."
76561197994540883,Recommended,219640,10923184,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Maniac,"Decent game, but if you don't click right at the exact moment . . . you splatter."
,Recommended,219640,10923197,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,rocKvibE,IT IS A GOOD GAME...TO BUUUUUUUUUY! >:D
76561197989371055,Recommended,219640,10923269,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,«Skøgshuggåre»,Great game
76561197978103241,Recommended,219640,10923321,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Aerlicht Thalat,Great adventureous manslaughtering times.
,Recommended,219640,10923463,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jett Maverick,"The only reason I can see in the foreseeable future in playing this game, would be to lose weight by burning the calories off my body by laughing at myself for being indescribably♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 Will eventually be fit for chivalry."
,Recommended,219640,10923550,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Julius,The most fun i've had in about a year on an online game. Buy this and play for hours on end having a bunch of fun.
76561198044269769,Recommended,219640,10923897,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Senpapaya,fun game
76561197991389244,Recommended,219640,10924156,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gulthrak,"It's one of those great games where the beauty is in the simplicity and the skill is in the timing. Get your timing wrong and you lose your head, get it right and you are rewarded with lots of blood spatter :)"
76561198047085333,Recommended,219640,10924418,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Prince Ali,It's pretty good
,Recommended,219640,10924564,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,9bjames,"A great game if you're up for some online hack and slash fun (literally). The graphics are nothing astounding, but if you have some friends to play with, there's plenty of servers with randomised game-modes to keep you entertained, with a nicely varied set of classes to play around with. There's a few unlockable weapons too, which you're awarded for getting kills with weapons of the same type, so it's not as if you're just following your kill to death ratio.If nothing else, you should get this game for the sake of playing on a low gravity server, whilst listening to flight of the valkyries... you'll understand what I mean."
,Recommended,219640,10924842,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dirty Autobot,I really like what Chivalry has to offer.. If they could get rid of the nasty matrix move. I mean really should a man be able to bend all the way back and run at full speed and swing a sword... COME ON MAAAAAAAN!!!  Dragging is also terrible.This game would be a 10 if those things were cleaned up and the hit detection.. I'll give it an 8. The bloody mayhem is excellent. Torn banner did great on this indie game. The most fun i'd had since Battlefield 3.
,Recommended,219640,10925375,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Buzzeralli,Best Medieval Combat Simulator
,Recommended,219640,1267337,"Posted: 6 November, 2012",all,Mister Weber,Fun fast paced action!
,Recommended,219640,10925619,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bill  Nye the Science Guy,You have a variety of medieval weapons and characters and you fight in a brutal fashion. 'Nuff said.
,Recommended,219640,10926674,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ghostnod,8/10
,Recommended,219640,10927066,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pwnobbypure,One of the best games I have ever played
,Not Recommended,219640,10928714,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DFBTG,"This game is fun, but the atrocious hit box/detection and overall crappy/laggy servers that don't let you in or load half the time make this game more of a pain in the butt than it's worth."
,Recommended,219640,10928768,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,{E-Z}Jack,off with their heads!
,Recommended,219640,10928805,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,pud,gud gam 4 ps4
76561197971121062,Recommended,219640,10929136,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cha-cha-cha-ChapKid,"A great game that simulates hand-to-hand combat very well.  Not ultra realistic, but fun to chop off some heads every now and then."
,Recommended,219640,10929250,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mountain Goat,Endless amount of fun. Can be very frustrating but very hilarious!
76561198059419401,Recommended,219640,10929485,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Goose,"Our heroes Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann, ally with Captain Barbossa in a desperate quest to free Captain Jack Sparrow from his mind-bending trap in Davy Jones' locker--while the terrifying ghost ship, The Flying Dutchman and Davy Jones, under the control of the East India Trading Company, wreaks havoc across the Seven Seas. Navigating through treachery, betrayal and wild waters, they must forge their way to exotic Singapore and confront the cunning Chinese Pirate Sao Feng. Now headed beyond the very ends of the earth, each must ultimately choose a side in a final, titanic battle--as not only their lives and fortunes but the entire future of the freedom-loving pirate way hangs in the balance."
,Recommended,219640,6930161,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Rob,Highly recommended; the only screaming simulator you'll ever need.
,Recommended,219640,8115932,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Matt,"It offers loads of fun and a simple but deep at the same time fighting system.If you like fast paced, smart, melee combat, this game is for you."
76561197999991692,Recommended,219640,1938247,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,AaronA10,superb!!! (italian voice)
76561198120503449,Recommended,219640,10872865,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,spqrSancus,"I personally do very much enjoy the game.At first I didn't. One of the biggest things was FPS issues. Don't be an idiot like me and have these really nice graphics but forsake gameplay. The gameplay really is very fun, and you can't let looks stop you.Next off, one of the things I do enjoy about this game is that each class is different, and has a different playstyle. Would you like to be a knight? Lots of health and a few nice shields, and you'll be able to take a few hits, but nowhere as strong as the vanguard, and nowhere as close as able to avoid attacks as a man-at-arms. Like to run in swinging, dealing as much damage as possible, with little to no regard to your own safety? Take a vanguard.The man-at-arms and archer both feel a bit underpowered for me, a little weak, if you will. First off, archers are slow, but have low health, low armour, are incredibly weak at anywhere close to short range, and distance can be closed in moments. While they do apparently do more damage if they can stab someone in the back, no one plays a sneaky type character on this game because they are utterly ineffective, as you can see someone twenty miles away, and if they have to approach head on and try to get around to the others' back, they can't move quick enough to do so. They should bemade slightly faster, because of all their other cons.The man-at-arms just has low health and low offensive capabilities. Make it so that they have one or the other - The inability to be anything more than a nuisance, is, to me, stupid. Their shields don't count for much, and their famous fire pots can only be used once. Please, make it so these guys actually stand a chance. Shouldn't be that I can literally rush in with a vanguard or knight and absolutely dominate 4 or 5 of these guys and take little to no significant damage.All in all, a good game that GENERALLY rewards you for skill.7.5/10"
76561197984506559,Recommended,219640,1017867,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,SaNdMaN,"Lo ponen como sólo MULTIPLAYER, pero puedes jugar todos los escenarios con BOTS (hasta 32 vs. 32), así que te puedes hartar a entrenar o jugar sólo. Desde arenas a capturar la bandera pasando por asaltos y misiones más complejas.Buenos mapas y motor UNREAL (tira con todo), mucha gente jugando.Lo único que ganas al matar enemigos es desbloquear armas, una por cada 25 abatidos con su predecesora. Engancha bastante y el pack de 4 sale a 6€ por cabeza."
,Recommended,219640,10874457,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,open bob and vagene,yummy
76561198024241918,Recommended,219640,10936096,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Elf_Welho,5/5 would decapitate again
76561198016346650,Recommended,219640,10938228,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,rotje16,"just buy it!i bought if for 20 bucks and i thought it was more then worth that, now that it is on sale for only 5 bucks you're insane if you dont buy it. if you like any fps games then you'll love this game.i got a good 30 hours on it and i occasionly start it up just to laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off.pro tip, play it with friends! it makes the game much more fun."
,Recommended,219640,10940193,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Walrus-Sama,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!Nuff said.
76561198069732332,Recommended,219640,10940217,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,mr bel air,"Decent game, hard to get used to. Fun if you enjoy Medieval things such as myself, but its not what i anticipated. Good game, 7/10."
,Recommended,219640,5594922,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,REPLUBLICA IPIRANGA,daora
,Recommended,219640,10940783,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Marcvs Avgvstvs,"Great game and a unique idea! This reminds me of Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare but set in the past, that's why I bought it."
76561197979263952,Recommended,219640,10941292,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,R1pp3r T,Great multiplayerfun!! I recommend!
76561198033794067,Recommended,219640,4203226,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Reafe,Skill-oriented. Brutal. Addictive. And a lot of fun :)
,Recommended,219640,2059707,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,JonFan (Aki),Getting shot by crossbowman half a map away: The game
,Recommended,219640,2291007,"Posted: 22 January, 2013",all,jonathan,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.. Don't even buy this crap. It's terrible and everyone who plays is either a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 12 year old ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198005696648,Recommended,219640,9074189,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,REDEATH,Even with the bugs in the Rank up System this game is Fun but the Deadliest Warrior DLC expansion is by far better than regular Chivalry.
,Recommended,219640,4688273,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Nekrogoblin,♥♥♥♥♥s crazy yo.
,Not Recommended,219640,9074895,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,korosu_,I want my money back! I can't get this game to load and it keeps crashing my computer.
,Recommended,219640,9075008,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,pickle: the second coming,vidoe game
76561198081221924,Recommended,219640,9075592,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Stickbug Steve,Amazing game! I love blowing peoples heads up with my war bow! 10 out of 10 game!
,Recommended,219640,9075623,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,The Rectifier,bloodlust is cool
76561197969337699,Recommended,219640,348272,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Evil Meow Meow,"fun, easy to get into harder to master. utilization of all your attack types is essential to becoming a contender in this game."
,Recommended,219640,9080331,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,BulletproofBrain,"Intense, full of laughs and great sword play. Maps are large and not such a chore to play again  as the outcome can always be different a sign of good balancing. Learn to warcry and charge headfirst into battle and expect that maybe one if not all of your limbs may be removed.Weapon unlock tree is fun, new customization and more maps, tighter swordplay can only make this ralready great game greater, variety of game mdoes and the unlocks will keep you playing for a long while.Reminds me most of ed: Jedi Knight  2 -  the origna3rd person death match game. Its slower but brings back in skilfull duels and crazy but funny combat, just no force pushing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s *you know who you are* force choke and drop is the poite way to dro somoene to their death. Oh...but i gues about htis, yahdespite the anti-skub community. Its a damn good game, 8 A4 scrolls of skub out of 8.*fade*"
,Recommended,219640,8909861,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Crowley Hello Boys,ITs amazeballzz :D
,Recommended,219640,6769478,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Yami,a awesome first person multiplayer slasher game
,Recommended,219640,1422478,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Tankie,Stabby-stabby-slash-slash with a twist of blood curdling war cries and rolling heads.
76561198078733115,Recommended,219640,8929703,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Mr. Boats,Really fun game it pulls you into the experience. Really difficult to master.
,Not Recommended,219640,2262770,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Remedy,"Cannot recommend this game anymore, it seems like each time this game updates, it breaks the game a little more and more. The game used to be fun and now everyone exploits the combat system by looking straight up and swinging for an instant hit and most swings clip through, missing the target making the game unenjoyable/unplayable. It saddens me to watch this game be a golden gem upon release and watching it take a slow and painfull death to what it is now. To make it even better, you can pay $8 for 2 weapon skins and 2 knight skins. This game could have been one of the best melee games ever made but instead of having realistic properties, they try to balance it out making powerfull weapons that would kill almost anything in 1 hit take 2-4 hits because Torn Banner couldn't take all the people who didn't know how to play ♥♥♥♥♥ing about how they die as a man at arms with 1 hit in the head with a claymore."
,Recommended,219640,296793,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Trail of Dead,"I played a HL2 mod similar as this... but not like this.  Nothing prepared me for this kind of hack and slash fun.  First Person Swording... :P  And yes, you actually need skill to play... button-mashing isn't enough.  For Agatha!"
76561198057297293,Recommended,219640,6016746,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Kuhkoenich_Muh,Imagine Battlefield: 1242. This game is just like that. All thumbs up.
,Recommended,219640,2859154,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,zedabeta,"Amazingly detailed combat that is only marred with the blood of your enemies and the frustration at butterknives blocking warhammers. To quote Joe ""It's crunchy."" 4.5/5"
,Recommended,219640,1857793,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,stvx,"Imbalances, yes, few maps, yes, fun, yes, updates, yes, should you get it?Yes!Update : Having played over a year now I would add a few things.1. If you're starting out, don't give up. (50 Hours in, Don't expect to beat people who play 50 hours/week)2. It's a GAME not a simulator. (Go LARPing or somthing if you want simulation.)3. The tutorial is very much a crash course. You'll save yourself some headaces if you do some research and watch some Youtube guides."
,Recommended,219640,1683028,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Bosco[Execore],if they fix the bugs this game will be great
,Recommended,219640,4799211,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,PrimeTimeBio,We all know this is a good game. So CHOP 'EM UP!
,Recommended,219640,89120,"Posted: 23 January, 2013",all,Sovtek,Broken fight mechanics. Most players are worthless. Teams often unbalanced. At your own risk.
76561197995747445,Recommended,219640,1641361,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Alan Wake ©,"Hack, slash and glory, 32/64 player on the battle field on many differrent maps (Castles, Battlefields, villages...) and this in 7 different modes: King of the Hill, free for all, Castle siege, eskort, Arena, Team Seathmatch and Last man standing! This Game is god damn awsome!!!"
,Recommended,219640,4794686,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Jlay,Smash heads. Slice arms. Crush puny mens bones. Laugh over body. Watch them running screaming for help. Iz good.
,Recommended,219640,4864883,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Presto159,"If you're looking for fun, fast paced action with melee that feels both fluid and solid, you'll love this game. The mechanics in addition to decent weapon customization, and balanced classes this game has a great feel. And with the new DLC, you're in for a gruesome, bloody epic time :)"
,Recommended,219640,41385,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,PopeDewritos,all the blood gore and heads on the ground buy it and have the best game to play 24/7 i mean it!
76561198021491342,Recommended,219640,9897724,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Meijin,addictive and very guud
,Recommended,219640,1330306,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,BoyToy92,"as fun as it is, this game should have some visceral single-player content as well.3/5"
,Recommended,219640,7421029,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Toasty,AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198015608430,Recommended,219640,2994646,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Dahwren Sharpah,"Call of Duty meets the medieval era.  Classes, each with a special ability, each with their own weapon tiers.  Very deep melee game play with parries, feints, multiple attack directions and alternate swing directions.  Ranged component as well.   Indie game developer with full support and more maps/weapons/modes released frequently.  Team objective, Capture the Flag, Last team standing, TDM, DM, FFA, Duel.  Mod support for the community released for full customizability.  What's not to love?"
,Not Recommended,219640,2663266,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,Cadetmaster,"When I first saw this game, I was like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ you do not know how long I've waited for a game like this. A medevil first person melee orientated game. I was pumped.First thing I notice is that on the main menu my mouse sensitivity is way to smooth, which I still havn't found out how to fix.I begrungingly ignore it and move onwards to server browser, I expected to be greeted by thousands of servers instead I was greeted by NONE, literally nothing, 0, a possibly bug I thought to myself.After much frustration, I manage to get into a game. My FoV by default was 60 which was terrible, I change it to 120 and it's way to wide, so I move it down slightly to 100 which makes it look like it did when it was 60, this was yet another thing I had to ignore.I noticed while moving that there was WAY to much motion blur, it almost made me sick, so I had to turn that off, fiddling with even more bloody options.I think to myself at this point, okay, graphical bugs are done, let's play the game alread-.....then it hit me, bam, slap bang in the face....Blue screen of death.At this point I'm furious, I can't even judge the game on it's gameplay because it wont even let me have any."
,Recommended,219640,9888849,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Buddy,it fun
76561198092469283,Recommended,219640,9892022,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,KaleStick,Listening to agatha knights screaming in horror is very satisfying. FOR THE ORDER!
,Recommended,219640,806001,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,make america gay again,just do it ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,4072151,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,TigerWoodsOffTheXan,*Verbatim*them night u cant sleep because u are think about thing damn i hate them night
,Recommended,219640,9819687,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,BATYA V TAPKAX,"1st person 6/10, 3rd person 9/10"
76561198003570750,Recommended,219640,9819944,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Deadlock,"HYYEEEAAAAAARRRRRGHHHHHH!!!!*SPLAT*AAAAAAAIIGGH*WHACK**SCHWINGGGGGG---thud*UUGHHH.....*BLRGHARGLGLLGLLL*tl;dr: Melee combat done right, body parts flying everywhere.Buy Deadliest Warrior for the ninja-pirate-spartan-viking version with better team modes."
,Recommended,219640,8654078,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,MrSo,"Awesome game, very intense and gory. A gamepad (controller) is almost a must however."
,Recommended,219640,8654559,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,iamninjoe,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is probably the best (and only) medieval multiplayer PVP game on Steam. Though, what would really make this game great would be more achievements that didn't involve leveling up your weapons and unlocking them, how many hours you spent on the game, etc. A good example would be kill 5 players in 1 life (like TF2 and Ace of Spades did). Other than that, the game is good. I think I'm bad at it, but it's still fun."
76561198015661852,Recommended,219640,8624003,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Gollumn,"I find myself continously going to this game. It's updated frequently, it has a different type of game mechanics, and is over all highly enjoyable. Torn Banner may of started this as a mod, and even playing it then they had dedication, but they have truly outdone themselves. If you're looking for that medieval warfare, then Chivalry is for you. Onward to glory."
76561198051693270,Recommended,219640,8624214,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Cra3y,"I was very unsure of this game at first as I watched some gameplay and thought it seemed boring... boy was I wrong. This game is amazingly fun. I never felt so happy in sword-sword combat. The combat style makes the game very enjoyable. And yet again, the feeling of victory brings me back to the battle in this game."
,Recommended,219640,8625182,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Max,"The best Medieval combat simulator out there. Be aware that this game is multiplayer only.The learning curve is small for basic combat. The more you play, the better you will get. You will face some people that are rediculously good and you probably won't ever be able to land one hit on them. But you can get like that as well.A fun game to play with friends, or by yourself. A game you can jump into for 20 minutes when convenient.Has a good degree of humour in it that will keep you laughing.I would recommend playing vanilla over Chivalry Deadliest Warriors."
76561198097716161,Not Recommended,219640,8627024,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Gandalf,too laggy dont buy
76561198023395034,Recommended,219640,8627032,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Aysar,"This game is pretty fun! I definitely recommend it if you're interested in it. The combat is really visceral and satisfying, and the multiple gamemodes will satisfy pretty much everyone.It is probably the best game out there for what it does; I can't think of a better medieval combat game. I haven't tried the expansion yet, unfortunately, so I can't say much about it."
,Recommended,219640,8627139,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,arksintho,"Some class/weapon setups are extremely overpowered compared to others, but other than thta this game is rage inducing fun"
,Recommended,219640,8628451,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,GlutenFreeman,"Very enjoyable game experience.Large learning curve, though extermely satisfying when you chop someone's arm/leg off, and your character says something typical of the race you're playing as.Well, the Pirates in this game say some pretty weird♥♥♥♥♥♥but that's beside the point."
,Recommended,219640,6560253,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,PotAto,CRAZY FUN!!!!! A MUST HAVE!!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,8629729,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,BOSS,this game has been giving me♥♥♥♥♥♥from the start i cant start the game with out it crashing and i have not even been able to play it at all dont buy it untill they fix it
,Recommended,219640,8649265,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Atom,This game isn't that bad tho a bit frustrating and competitive at times.
,Not Recommended,219640,8440593,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Traitor,Do not buy this game. The developers decided to get as much money as they can from the dlc instead of fixing the gamebreaking glitch where you can't rank up or unlock anything for months.
,Recommended,219640,8440612,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Defiant,Very fun! The voices that the characters make are hilarious! lol
76561197972493247,Not Recommended,219640,8441370,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Attila the Nun,Good combat system but since the weapons can't be unlocked gets a bit boring and frustrating. A lack of effort by the game makers in fixing these bugs ruins the game.
,Recommended,219640,1081328,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Nephiral,"Very functional game, other then a few minor things that the devs need to fix.-Weapons-Spears (all)Recoiling a spear would never work that fast to where you could overwhelm someone with a shield or someone that just parried you, Spears were the lesser choice of weapon in infantry combat.HatchetToo much range for a short weapon, and almost always reaches around your block unless you practically turn around backwards to parry, by the time you do you get stabbed.Holy Water SprinklerFar too fast for a heavy weighted weapon. There's realism, Gaming Function, Then simply unbelievable.-Server Security-Currently there is little to no way to prevent hackers other then banning them after your stats have already been affected permanently.Not to mention simple glitches in duel servers that can give all of the locked weapons to everyone regardless of if they've earned them.-Glitchy Movement-You can turn your back to someone and make overhanded swings while your character is spazzing out and throw really mean strikes that are completely ridiculous looking, and unbelievably effective to the point of the game seeming completely broken.Other then those things, this game is very good if you're in the right company, if not prepare to be harassed, trolled, and every glitch in the game taken advantage of just to kill  you because who cares if it's believable? They won right?"
,Recommended,219640,1055134,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Senguie,"Think Red VS Blue, but with swords and UK accents. also swords and dismemberments....need more? um shields and bows and more swords and maces!"
76561198042662400,Not Recommended,219640,8442697,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dances With Unicorns,"This game is a lot of fun and promising however I have never in my life become so frustrated so quickly with a game. There are constant server crashes and bugs associated with ranks, damage and weapon unlocks. I can hardly get through a game without one of these issues acting up. Great concept for a fps style game however there was terrible execution all around and it doesn't seem like the devolpers give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about fixing any of the bugs. I'm seriously disapointed. Save your money for something less buggy,"
,Recommended,219640,8442970,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,KingRichardXVI,Do I like this game? Nope... Should you buy this game? Yes! Why? Why not? Because I say so...
,Recommended,219640,6070151,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Sheazer,"If you want a hack and slash game that lets you throw a javalin in the throat of your enemies and then laugh over their dead bodies as you hear them gurgle, this is your game."
,Recommended,219640,10165191,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Crater,Fun game. but team killing is a big problem
76561198089346770,Recommended,219640,10165192,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,[SOC] Bretticus,This game is amazing
76561198117716570,Recommended,219640,10165204,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Chris Chameleon,FREAKIN AWESOME MELEE FIGHTING GAME!!!!
76561198051847913,Recommended,219640,10165392,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,ComradeCatFace,Think FPS games are just point and click action games now? Well here is something that involves a bit more skill. Such vibrant colors...
,Recommended,219640,2309813,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,Copperage,"It's good and fun if you don't mind dying to randomness from the large amount of teamkilling, swinging wildly and people gangbanging you to death. Other than that, it's insanely addictive."
76561197966001511,Recommended,219640,10165538,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,bow_3022,Its pretty good.
76561198002566004,Recommended,219640,10165652,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mujahid,YES
,Recommended,219640,10165665,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Oathkeeper,"This game is one of the best medieval action games you can find in my opinion.It extremly adictive,offers interesting maps,fun game modes,and good visuals.I highly recommened this to any fan of medieval combat."
76561198098424448,Recommended,219640,10165740,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Nuclear_SC,"This game is awesome! This is the best medieval game out there! There are plenty of servers to play on, including intro levels(for players leveled 0-15). I totally recommend doing the training before the multiplayer, as many people are very good. That being said, the learning curve is not too bad. You can definitely get plenty of kills flailing your sword around. The only problem I have with this game is the frequency of team-killing people in the servers. It happens, but the people who only team-kill to be funny are really annoying.My name for the game now: Chivalry: Apology Simulator 2014Extremely Fun Game: 10/10"
76561198086917819,Recommended,219640,10165812,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,death_square,yes perfect
76561198047371902,Recommended,219640,10166027,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,carsozn,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH. Any game with a dedicated battle cry button is a game I recommend.
76561197992460875,Recommended,219640,10166156,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,SuperSnek,is da bes
,Recommended,219640,10166207,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Fat Cuck,Basically a bunch of people pressing wm1 while you here screaming men in the back.
,Recommended,219640,6521535,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,WolfMan,"I DO NOT THIRST FOR MEAD... I THIRST, FOR BLOOD!"
76561198074540376,Recommended,219640,6765410,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Colombian_Ball,"intense action, great quality of gameplay, fun to play with friends, good weapons selections...really people, do I need to say more?"
76561198128985622,Recommended,219640,10166360,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,fuzzfan,This game is great. You do get gangbaged sometimes if you are being double-teamed but that's my only problem. And you have no idea how satisfying it is to chop off someone's head and bathe in the blood of your enemys untill you but this game.
76561198067730983,Recommended,219640,10166404,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Blade -DSF-,"I've had this game for quite a while, and I've played a decent amount, so I can tell you this game requires a high amount of skill, and if you are not interested in a challenging game, please leave, don't buy the game, then cry and whine about it. This is not a hack and slash, it is a (somewhat) realistic melee game, therefore, you wont pick it up and automatically be a god, you will have to play, and train yourself. That is all I have to say, aside from the fact I am highly satisfied with Chivalry, and that Torn Banner Studios has created a masterpiece."
,Not Recommended,219640,10166406,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Paix Wolf,"While this game is a ton of fun it is frustratingly broken, I would reccomend getting it when it is $5 or under, I bought the DLC as well as the main game and it's pretty much the same. Over all it is fun, but it plays like an Alpha or Beta game, not like a game that has been around for almost 3-4 years."
76561198076690019,Recommended,219640,10166410,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,I hate the poor,"Chivalry- there are few other games like it. While it's graphics aren't the greatest, no one cares. With the amount of fun and action this brings you, you'll be consumed and keep coming back for more. With many game modes, maps, weapons and classes, this game is better than most FPS or fighting games I've played. Well done, Torn Banner, well done indeed."
,Recommended,219640,10166676,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Admiral Magnetism,"You can complain about a lack of balance and weird mechanics. You can complain about prevalent bugs and control issues. Frankly, you can complain until you're blue in the face. What you should do instead is buy this game, pick a class and some weapons, and stab some guys. Who cares how often you win or lose or what your K/D ratio is. This game is all about ridiculous melees with an array of deadly, pointy, killy things. Forget about being a serious ""hardcore"" gamer for awhile and just enjoy the spectacular of blades and viscera this game presents."
,Recommended,219640,11512061,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,devinkroplewski,good game
76561198111515132,Recommended,219640,11512485,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,RomeoTheGlobio,I was unstapoble..Until I took an arrow to the knee. Literarly. Knee/10
,Recommended,219640,11512509,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Alakazoo52,brutal good and brutal
,Recommended,219640,11512571,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,bLue_teGu,"dont be a ♥♥♥♥♥ and say its too hard, just practice, its a fun ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561197975588707,Recommended,219640,11513121,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,✪ thazlul,This is awesome
76561198047195316,Recommended,219640,11498605,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,jackson2u,hard but best game ever
76561198085932667,Recommended,219640,11499553,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Brodo Baggins of Jersey Shire,"I got beheaded and I believe I heard my character say, ""My HEAD!""  10/10"
,Recommended,219640,5785568,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,The Symposium,Cawadooty with swords.
,Recommended,219640,7593109,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,NecryJunior,UNA MASAAA
,Recommended,219640,664040,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Dr. Nebsterio,DO IT ♥♥♥♥ERS!
,Recommended,219640,11503048,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,SuperFluffyCouchSnake,"For starts the game doesnt take alot to play with i guess, i mean i play this on low and its perfectly fine as smooth as babies butt as you say gameplay is fun and dying doesnt seem all that bad since you don't really feel you've been cheated, just well you died! simply respawn and head right back into battle...and hey don't lie you wanna chop peoples heads off with a claymore too don't ya?"
76561198070162100,Recommended,219640,11479054,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,x-Ibn-La-Ahad-x,"It is a really good game but i would be more funny if you actually could make you character more personal. Without be a super elite at the game, it demands really much if you are going to change your character. Otherwise, i love it. The fighting are awesome and i love the way you have to block. The classes are really good, each one have it's speciality and unique fighting style. Chivalry: Medieval Warfare have weapons the most Medieval games don't."
76561198045111079,Recommended,219640,11479568,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Fire783,"""BLAAAARRGGHGGHGHG""""Thanks! Thanks! Thanks! Thanks!""""FOR THE ORRDERRRR""1/1, You can punch people and their heads explode. Kinda' like Fallout."
,Recommended,219640,2604130,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,T+,This is a decent medieval limb amputation simulator.
,Recommended,219640,2279986,"Posted: 17 January, 2013",all,Hyperbolic Estrogen Chamber,"AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAThis is a pretty fun multiplayer game. Save for the cowardly archer, melee combat is the primary form of combat; the mechanics and classes are well-balanced, if only to ensure that the gameplay isn't broken.It's great for some stupid, limbsplitting fun. Buy it on sale if you can, but I'd say that it's still well worth the price."
,Recommended,219640,10990409,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Scipio,played vanguard my first gameuseing a mother ♥♥♥♥ing great swordlunged across the map and killed the other teams MVPthen i got killed by a archer with a short sword10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,10960540,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Professional loli inseminator,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The servers are horrible, and I wished that I didn't buy this game. Every time you start the game there is always a ""first time update"" even though it isn't my first time playing the game. Don't believe me? Search up Chivalry Installing Microsoft Net Framework step 1 out of 1. This game is that bad of a purchase for me that I'd even reccommend you spending your money on trading cards instead."
,Recommended,219640,10990883,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Cheese5tuffed,When you find an open server it's awesome. Team killing is a ♥♥♥♥♥ though.
,Recommended,219640,10991873,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,iAmGing3rJo3,"This game is one of my all time favorite pc games. It is fun to just play by yourself online, but it gets even better when you play it at a LAN party with all of your friends. The only downside is that i have unlocked the same weapon 4 times now because of some stupid bug. I'm sure that when i play the game again i'll have to unlock it a 5th time. Woo... I hope they fix that. Soon. All-in-all though this game is fantastic. Get ready to taste the dagger."
,Recommended,219640,2660735,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,†Homeslice†,cut 2pac up
,Recommended,219640,8076560,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Wingman,Fun. Just down right fun. FPS style medieval combat and hilarious deaths makes this game a great purchase. 100% recommend
,Recommended,219640,6446340,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,I Am Not An Astronaut,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare offers an entirely new perspective on team-based combat.  With a creative and diverse range of classes, maps and game types, Chivalry is a game for lovers of warfare, team-based games and knights in shining armour alike."
76561197983153729,Recommended,219640,963070,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Mayo,Fun Medieval game :) If your bored for a weekend you have fun with this ;)
76561198098329378,Recommended,219640,8082392,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,thelimehorse,this looks like a really good game and i have had it for free. i would get this game if your pc could handle it because it was way to laggie for me
76561198025260484,Recommended,219640,3614641,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,TERMINATOR-SSD,"OMG This game is WICKED, SOOOOOOOO MUCH FUN."
,Recommended,219640,604072,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,Trowa X8,If you sick of the normal Military FPS games. Then check this one out. It is set in the medieval times and weapons and you can cut people bodies apart and yell.
,Recommended,219640,8084168,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Stannis Baratheon,YEs BRuv Disss GAMeeee is BaNGing BRuv TrUST x
,Recommended,219640,7429241,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,- Connor Gandy -,Just as good as i was expecting! One downside is the ammount of god damn Team killers!
,Recommended,219640,1566343,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,Doctor,"Awesome game. Fun combat, really good community of players."
,Recommended,219640,8143379,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Sprintox,Go if you love epic battle &  screams of murders...
76561197962906572,Recommended,219640,8143647,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,MrMiskatonic,"Addicting Gameplay, amazing graphics for an aging engine doesnt feel old at all, would like to see a few more modes in multiplayer but other than that I think you should have this game in your library to check the box on melee combat."
,Recommended,219640,8143732,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[M-C-M]Rob,"What can I say, chopping off the heads of men and laughing mercilessly into the eyes of their children. Epic game."
76561198069937433,Recommended,219640,8144347,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Samsungbil,"Fantastic game, for the casual as well as the hardcore gamer, I can only recommend this game, it's affordable, has great graphics, fantastic combat, excellent sound, good variety of maps and modes and much more, I have difficulty seeing more than 2 or 3 flaws. Great to jump into for 30 minutes, and just as enjoyable for hours on end;In short: GET CHIVALRY MEDIEVAL WARFARE."
76561198048416692,Recommended,219640,8144449,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,idubbes,yes
,Recommended,219640,8146498,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,King Push,I like to run around and spam the yelling command.  I have way too much fun running around yelling and swinging a big sword.  If you like doing things like that you might want to give this a shot
,Recommended,219640,8146660,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,sleepy toad,"I burst out laughing everytime i play it and even the most frustrating sessions i had bring back some good memories. Don't take it too seriously and just spam the ""kill the archers"" voice command and you're in for a good ride with this one"
76561198070986410,Recommended,219640,7433375,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,KillinG-BuddhA,Must buy
,Recommended,219640,8147262,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Caesar,One of the best games on steamLots of serversReally FunAlso theres lots of sales like every month on it so you can get it for 5pounds if you can wait
,Recommended,219640,8147619,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,S7R4nG3,"Have you ever wanted to lop off someone's arm with a big sword?Have you even wanted to REALLY play pirates vs ninjas?If yes to either of these, you should buy this game..."
76561198055450740,Not Recommended,219640,8213460,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Dock Me Off,"One of the worst games I have ever played. Multiplayer is terrible, laggy, and all-around not fun."
76561197980195392,Recommended,219640,8215662,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Russ,"Wow!  I don't know why I waited so long to buy this game!  The non-stop action is adreneline inducing, the  excessive gore is exquisite, and the emersiveness. . . well, I have found myself dodging axe strokes in my chair.One hour in and I find it to very balanced.  It's very satisfying for a new player to be able to jump into a match and contribute right out of the box.  It takes a few swings of each weapon to get a feel for timing, but even for a noob like myself it is easy to become proficient.This may be the next 100+ hour time investment for me.  Especially on Steam Winter Sale, very much worth the money!Chivalry.  It's the one.  Tell your friends."
,Recommended,219640,7852089,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,speegit,"This game is actually not very chivalrous. Went into it expecting to save women and children and be a good guy. Aparently that is not the case. It should be called ""opposite of chivalry"". very misleading i feel rip offed."
76561198048173373,Recommended,219640,8216311,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Armfish,gud gam. so kill. many blood. wow.
76561198068763126,Recommended,219640,8216525,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,TRASH PLAYER,Great Game One of my Favorite Games right now
,Recommended,219640,8216687,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Bodhi,This is one of the best games I have ever played hands down. It's hard to get used to at first but is really fun once you get used to it.
,Recommended,219640,2015552,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Jam It Joe,This is the best game I have ever played in my entire life.
,Recommended,219640,8218045,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Midnight Medic,Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is one of the coolest First person Medieval game ever it is a blast
,Not Recommended,219640,8218132,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Gripper O'Toole,The hit detection is awful. Lags spikes like hell. Everyone looks like an epileptic retard. I would rather stab myself then try stabing someone in this. It would bee a hell of alot easier as when the blade made contact it would do some damage. This is a prime examle on why mods should not be made into games.
,Not Recommended,219640,8218937,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Selcouth,"this game has a good idea, but ♥♥♥♥ing horrible players."
,Recommended,219640,8219896,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SegwayRulz,"AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Fun faithful recreation of the original chivalry mod, definetly worthwhile playing if you are a fan of any medieval/low fantasy setting"
,Recommended,219640,8265473,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Chedfer,its just a big yes.its a must get
76561198007097655,Recommended,219640,8265692,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Bubonic,Pretty cool combat system and lots of online players. It's like medieval TF2 without the hats (although you can customize in other ways). I look forward to playing with y'all.
,Recommended,219640,8266342,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Myth of Griff,"Still has some kinks to work out, but all around a fun game with a new twist on traditional FPS."
76561198119060904,Recommended,219640,8266493,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kyler,Awesome Town
,Recommended,219640,8266770,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,YumYums,"Great game for online! You don't have to wait in between game modes which is really nice for action packed type games. Different types of classes makes the game more diverse and have more stragedy, especially when trying to playing games where you have to break down the doors to the castle. Fun game to play with friends!"
,Recommended,219640,1697275,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,smackman82,Surprizing great online play!
,Recommended,219640,515432,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Schwarzwald,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare gives you a wide variety of melee weapons to use against enemies in a number of gameplay modes. Few of these weapons feel very different from each other, and frankly quasi-realism is favored over actual fun here. I'm pretty sure Dungeons and Dragons added magic because people realized how goddamn boring a sword is at the end of the day."
76561198053336912,Recommended,219640,8267557,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,LordoftheApes,"This game is alot of fun, and it's such a good feeling to get a headshot with an archer"
,Recommended,219640,8267804,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,[F]oRcE,Best game ever!
,Recommended,219640,8270563,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,The Denizen,FOR THE ORDER! Really good game when people are not dogde spamming.
,Recommended,219640,8536839,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Tormok,A mideval Combat sim essencially. Very worth it for the price if you like Fantasy Combat
,Recommended,219640,516707,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,The Swagificent,Suns out guns out
76561198077280535,Recommended,219640,7432028,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Freek,НОРМ
,Recommended,219640,24434,"Posted: 23 January, 2013",all,Animosity,Best game of Winter Steam Sale 2012. It owns.
,Recommended,219640,8539594,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,King Monkey Doo,"This game is a like call of duty meets Soul Caliber... Okay, bad comparison, but still. This game adds skill and adrenaline to close combat."
76561198085821634,Recommended,219640,8540721,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,The Burgermeister Meisterburger,BUY THIS. okay im done
,Recommended,219640,8461632,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Gaspard,Great carnage
,Recommended,219640,8462429,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SugarSan,Realy great game love it
,Recommended,219640,779180,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Angry Metapod,"As the kids would say, this is a ""sick nasty"" LAN game."
,Recommended,219640,8464751,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ficz csgoatse.com,#YOLOFTW
,Recommended,219640,8465253,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Kdu,op
,Recommended,219640,8465443,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Nick Cage,an amazing medieval fighting game
,Recommended,219640,1292730,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,Niftysolid,Probably some of the most fun I have had in a mp game in a very long time. If you're a fan of Mount and Blade or just cutting people into little peices I highly recommend you get this game.
76561198053127347,Recommended,219640,8466864,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,artyparty222,This game is just plain badass I love the comabt compared to war of the roses i highly recommend getting it !
,Recommended,219640,8467016,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,skilletwaffles,wowmuch sliceso dicevery killwow
76561198063021721,Recommended,219640,8467228,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,vurc,I love decapitating people... :)
,Recommended,219640,8467447,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,vennox.jpg,Blood & Gore... what else do you want
,Recommended,219640,8443745,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Cheese-kun,"The game that 2/5 RPG junkies crave, but I'm no RPG junkie. It seems to be the start of what could work out to be a very nice game with some buffering and polishing. I can say however that the controls (attacking mostly) are a little weak, and it seems to lack the option for third-person view (which it would be great with). Probably the biggest drawback is the immense friendly fire. Sure, you can kick a player if he/she's being rude. But some people just miss by accident. I think that what this game needs most is an update to reduce damage when done to team mates.I'd give it 69%, you should get it if you see it for less than $10."
76561198066958246,Recommended,219640,8468054,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Wizard,"This game is highly addicting. The joy of running around the battlefield with you weapon is fun. But you should really fear your allies more then your enemies. Teamkilling is high in this game. Still, the game is fun and you should definatly play it."
,Recommended,219640,8468449,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Salt Daddy,I like this game becase im good at it
76561198031296889,Recommended,219640,4048702,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Inbred Cactus,Press C to battle cry
76561198020305611,Recommended,219640,8279241,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Jesus,Awesome game.
76561197972978304,Recommended,219640,8279977,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Cockeye,Fun Get it on Steam Sale
76561198047208633,Recommended,219640,8288176,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,hamiltonislogan,Original.
,Recommended,219640,8289198,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,STEVE HOLT!,"Great first person combat. If you liked the battles in The Lord of The Ring movies, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,219640,8290798,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Fabian Gladwart,This game is fantastic!
,Recommended,219640,8292467,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Helicoptersexual Male,I didn't know how to play at first but once I got into it I learned and man was it fun doing some first person sword play! I love this!
76561198077655351,Recommended,219640,8293218,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,angry jingle,"I enjoy the brutal combat that Chivalry: Medievel Warfare has offered, and every kill that you manage to get feels really rewarding. The classes are all fun to play with in this game, which comes with a good amount custimization to them as well. I bought Chivalry: Medieval Warfare while it was on the winter sale for $8.49 at the time. I believe it was worth the money spent on Chivalry: Medieval Warfare."
,Recommended,219640,8119414,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Valthox,Battlefield : Medieval Edition.
,Recommended,219640,8120654,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,JimmyBigTuna,"This game is boss, it puts the sauce back in the bottle and wraps it up and puts it under the tree."
76561198053901071,Recommended,219640,5674226,"Posted: 19 March, 2013",all,Bloodbane,"This is exactly what I`ve been looking for since my childhood! Full with ""WHOA DID YOU SEE THAT??!!"" moments :D"
,Recommended,219640,8121779,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Burrito,I LIKE PIE................N T................N TBIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDEIT'S BIGGER ON THE INSIDE
76561198040911837,Recommended,219640,8121990,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,WeaboosMaximus,"This game has, by far, the best meele combat I have ever tried. I must admitt though, that I habe tried neither War of the Roses, or Mount and BladeThe objective mode is a great way to play, and even though it is the same objectives every time, you can get some pretty diverse experiences out of it. Otherwise though, the team deathmatch is okay at best, and the FFA tends to be just utter chaosThe graphics are pretty solid, but not AAA amazing, although the game runs perfectly smoothly on my GTX 770, even on maximum settingsMy main problem with the game is that after playing it: Skyrims combat just feels wrong.Otherwise, my minor complaints include: At times, the there is too much chaos, and I have yet to find a game mode that provides both instant action. Sometimes it get tedious to be in combat with newcommers who just spam broard swings (Don't do that guys, c'mon)All in all: This game is pretty great, and well worth the price, and I imagine it would be even better if I had friends to play it with"
,Recommended,219640,1012268,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,-=[CM]=-Shadow,"A pretty fun game, quite different from other typical games. Found myself having a great time dueling people and battling. For an indie game its good."
,Recommended,219640,8122898,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Le Biscuit Décadent,"Chivalry is a very good game. It is a fast paced, challenging, and competitive adventure that's very fun to play with friends. The controls are both complex enough to allow for a high skill cap, and intuitive enough for the less experienced. I have to admit that it is a very frustrating game when starting out because most of the fighting happens in melee range, which makes survival difficult.The game contains quite a few glitches, but most of them don't interfere with gameplay and are rather fun to screw around with."
,Recommended,219640,2734605,"Posted: 18 December, 2012",all,Zelotus,FOR AGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaa
,Recommended,219640,8124956,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,waycooler,Any game that supports hilarious friendly fire is okay by me. I just wish people would L2mousewheel.
,Recommended,219640,8125237,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,pinGriffey,"I Recommend this game! Very fun and extremely addicting. In my opinion Chivalry is much better than War of the Roses and also  the mechanics of this game changed from before which is my only con. Mechanics were much more advanced back then but they simplified it and although its alot easier, it would require alot more skill if the older mechanics were still present."
76561198024001819,Recommended,219640,3513400,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,PFischer07,"AWESOME, BRUTAL, FUN! My only regret is not having purchased it earlier"
,Recommended,219640,8085947,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Gooden Guy,YYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGHHHHHHHAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREREEEEEEEEEEERGH!! *gurgle* *gurgle*
,Recommended,219640,8535950,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,AiricChen,for the kiing!
76561198116695817,Recommended,219640,8574536,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Sgt. Fury,wouldn't be so bad if there weren't so many hackers
76561198108637451,Not Recommended,219640,8576906,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,k.,it is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible do not spent money to this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198071489043,Recommended,219640,8577295,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Donutting,its an awesome game that i think every member of steam should own
,Recommended,219640,8577626,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Alex Ravioli,"Wow, Medieval times? Get with the times, man it's the ♥♥♥♥ing information era, dude."
,Recommended,219640,7300353,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,emp.,"Love the simplicity of the game, so gory :D"
76561198062143102,Recommended,219640,8564474,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,[-ZeuZ-] Alphonse Elric,Great game!
76561198022457428,Recommended,219640,3424189,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,TwiztedREVERB,:)fun
76561198061502999,Recommended,219640,8564970,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,twosnazzy,i get lag but very fun
,Recommended,219640,8565430,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sodium Fine,"A unique, fantastic game."
,Recommended,219640,8566536,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,that guy,"Best game of all time, must buy!"
,Not Recommended,219640,8569028,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Libamonkey,"I've waited for ever for this game to be on sale. Finally grabed it during the winter sale and I'm so glad I did. This game isn't worth the full price. If it's full price don't buy it.Why? Well, I played the mod before the game and it was great. Then the game came out and there were issues with it. The same issues are still prevalent. Some of them are game break mechanics. I don't like to support ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers. If you must have the game wait till it's on sale."
,Recommended,219640,1808562,"Posted: 16 January, 2013",all,Trevo5253,hnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng
76561198021199135,Recommended,219640,8570017,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Warg42,"Very fun action game based around objectives, screaming and bashing in the heads of your enemies!"
,Recommended,219640,4643612,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Cri_x3,YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRGGGH
,Recommended,219640,11281402,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,cesnakinis sviestas,"i love this game its fun and exiting at the same time, good for the family too."
,Recommended,219640,11281718,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sir Knight,I play this game atleast once a day. Seriously my favorite Multiplayer game for PC.
76561198114371713,Recommended,219640,11284487,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,FrumpaRump,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is by far my favorite online multi-play FPS game avalable.The maps are very well designed and give off a very authentic medieval feel.The combat is great and pretty smooth, there is nothing quite like that first decapitation.There is a pretty good selection of weaponry to decapitat, burn, mutilate and slaughter your enemies with.And I really like the leveling and customization aspects of the game.I give it 10/10 missing limbs."
76561198086502561,Recommended,219640,11284598,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Freddie Mercury,"Chivalry: Medieval warfare: what can I say? It's simple, fun, and doesn't take much skill so you can get the hang of it quite easily.Combat:Things I like about the combat: it has relatively simple combat controls; you get 3 attacks and one way to block. LMB does a basic slash, middle mouse button flicked up does a stab, middle mouse button flicked down does and overhead swing, and RMB to block. Pretty easy to assimilate. Easy to kill people (could be a bad thing?), doesn't take a tremendous amount of damage to kill people, a few hits and they're gone. Of course, the decapitations and de-limbing of your foes is always a much enjoyed aspect of the combat.Things I do not like about the combat: Very wide hitbox, someone can swing at you with a sword for instance and the end of the blade could be four feet away but it still manages to hit you, thus making it difficult to judge distance when attempting to dodge and what not. Spamming, the stamina is supposed to prevent people from spamming but it does not, and you will encounter people spamming you to death. Blocking fails to work sometimes (for me anyways) with or without a shield. Ranged combat is very poor, it seems like it was rushed when it was being created. Crossbow is slighty OP with a one hit kill almost everytime.Gameplay:The gamemodes and maps are great. It adds a variety of gamemodes: Team Objective, Team Deathmatch, Hold the Banner, Plant the Banner, Last Team Standing, those are the only ones I can think of at the moment. All of them are great fun and it takes away from the traditional bloody deathmatch that you see in any combat game. I especially enjoy the team objective gametype, it gives a more realistic goal (e.g. battering down a castle gate to kill the king), and makes you use teamwork in order to win.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a great game, I've had a good amount of fun with and would recommend it to anyone looking for a medieval battle game. The price is pretty steep, though. I would recommend picking it up when it's on sale, you won't regret it."
76561198055174080,Recommended,219640,11303611,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,360 No Scope,simply an awsome FPS game.warning: not for kids
,Recommended,219640,11304145,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Dunn,This game is very fun. You have a lot of viraity of weps to choose from and use. This game is very fun. Thier is really fun game modes and it can get you up to 30 hours or more with this game.
,Recommended,219640,11307849,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ViperTKD,"Nice and addictive game. Little buggy though and some bug could probably be fixed easily.The learning curve is quite long and the game is hard so it could be frustrating at first but after a bit of practice, it's really fun to cut someone's head or arm or hear them gag on their blood because you threw a javelin or a spear in their throat."
76561198014755741,Recommended,219640,2931323,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Snake Powerforce,"Awesome, Bloody, Hack n' slash action. really fun game."
,Recommended,219640,11309218,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Roadie,"I've had this game for a long time, but I dropped it early on due to the severe amount of bugs. I've come back recently and it's been massively improved with so much more to offer. Though the trailers focus on the gore and dismemberment, there's a great amount of gameplay to be had where you aren't chopping off someone's arms.One stipulation: The DLC is WAYYYY Overpriced."
,Recommended,219640,10148511,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Ryxus,"I honestally would LOVE to recommend this game, but I can't.The only problem i'm having, is not geting the game to actually LAUNCH.Its not the gameplay or anything, just my game isn't launching. I would recommend this game to anyone if I could get it to freaking load the game.EDIT: I finially got the game to load. It wasn't because of a virus on my PC. Now that it is loading, it is really fun."
76561198046963512,Recommended,219640,5249042,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,natas_309,♥♥♥♥ing amazing game!!!
,Recommended,219640,11310619,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,2Booty,"This is how multiplayer gaming should be. I love being able to hack people to bits in first person with a halberd or a greatsword. :DOnly real gripe is there's no auto-team balance. But the combat system is simple to learn, hard to master, but always fun to play. And winning actually feels like an accomplishment. On top of all this, the game looks and sounds great, and the DLC is just as fun. I would recommend this game to any fan of First Person multiplayer titles who want a change of pace. Of course, you could just be an archer and pretend you're playing Call of Duty: Medieval Times. :P"
76561198016635838,Not Recommended,219640,11333752,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Florious80,"Glitchiest game i've played on Steam. Most of the time it won't load or crashes. It's quite strange because most of the game on steam actually are bug free. This? oh man. When it does load it is kind of fun, but i notice quite some misses that should have connected when attacking, and frame rate/lag? when i have a really good connection/video card. Not sure why. So far it hasn't been enjoyable. Look elsewhere if you want a fun multiplayer game. This isn't good enough to recommend, sorry Torn Banner..."
76561197962815814,Not Recommended,219640,11334252,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,your mother,Not many servers in Asia and available ones are mostly empty. You are left with US/EU servers that you can hardly play in because you are going to get kicked for high ping anyways.
76561198045111128,Recommended,219640,11335848,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,MegaDeath1981,Badass.
,Recommended,219640,6235903,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,Ozbourne79,Aaaargh!!! i want to chop you into pieces!!!
,Recommended,219640,11339631,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Ezequil,I like this game. I like trains.- It needs a singleplayer story :)
76561198109905613,Recommended,219640,11339802,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,AWOL,"i played this game 6 months ago on one of the free weekends of this game. it was great lobings heads off of enemies. then on the steam summer sale, I saw it was around 2 bucks. so i bought it. i downloaded it and tried to play it. then it would have the launcher and it would disapper and the launcher would close. I have not found a fi. the forums have been no help. ;_;"
,Recommended,219640,11327019,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,-Chez-,Amazing.
,Recommended,219640,8158596,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Tony The Teller,"I've had a blast playing this game. It's a little laggy, but fun none the less, especially when playing with a team that communicates."
,Recommended,219640,8158635,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Adval,"An excellent game that promises good doses of adrenaline in short but repeating bursts. I recommend this game to anyone who likes getting up close and personal with their online foes, chopping off virtual limbs in a fine display of talent and luck. Especially good for anyone who loves playing short multiplayer matches - from 10 to 30 minutes in length."
,Recommended,219640,8159975,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,oak,great game
,Recommended,219640,8160451,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Davey_Jones,Wonderful head chopping fun!
,Recommended,219640,7508769,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Saucer,"Words cannot express the pure joy this game gives me. The gameplay is deceptively simple but surprisingly intuitive and satisfies a visceral pleasure that not many AAA titles can. The classes provide a natural ladder of progression in terms of the difficulty curve, and while not perfectly balanced, the game is pretty forgiving to newer players compared to games like Battlefield and Counter-Strike. Ultimately, though, it's the interplay between moments of extreme frustration and giddy triumph that keep me coming back for more. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,219640,8161204,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Garrick,it's allright but could use some physics work...6.5/10
76561198014529045,Recommended,219640,8161413,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,mark-casey,"Top notch game with great combat dynamics, controls take a wee bit of getting use to, but you'll be glad you did. Definantly reccomend if your looking for something different."
,Not Recommended,219640,8103755,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Gaylord,"Grey of Thrones. It set out with ambition, but so much ambition has made it completely forget where the hell it was going. I had this for a year, but only played it for a week. Not because of the quality, but because the damn thing runs like a wet sponge. I had to get a third party program to implement optimizer textures, and even then the only thing keeping it alive was wishful thinking.Yadda, yadda, class-based multiplayer - but they're basically all the same. Stabby Man.  The only differences between them are the asinine keybindings for useless abilities. I don't know when games started using the Mouse Wheel for anything but menus, but that♥♥♥♥♥♥s gotta stop. Add in the ""Arrow Cam"" configuration and the game has crossed the border into N64-controller territory.If you want a hack-and-flash Team Fortress clone, you're better off just downloading TF2 and playing medieval mode. At least with that option, you don't have to rely on outside programs to make the game WORK.Apparently Torn Banner also released an expansion, but I can hardly see why when the original looks and feels unfinished. I'd save your money with that too, it's basically the original except its an obligatory ""SPARTANS AND NINJAS - SO WE'RE STILL RELEVANT"" DLC. Except it costs as much as the original game, hardcore LARP-ing is probably cheaper.But if you absolutely HAVE to have a game that is a class-based hack-and-slash PvP - I still wouldn't reccomend it; I'd point you to Lord of The Rings: Conquest."
76561197971079230,Recommended,219640,8106943,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Ron Don Volante,"Great game, when it works!"
76561198007602685,Recommended,219640,2455631,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,NICK ALTMAN,"Best First Person Slasher, ever! Just brutal and epic!"
,Recommended,219640,4854126,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Void | Nihil,INTENSE PVP ACTION!
,Recommended,219640,7523005,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Krystianosik,FOR THE KING!!!
76561198027645743,Recommended,219640,8109578,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Smiley,"Really good game with good core, altough you can't play it for too long."
76561198016890128,Recommended,219640,3067025,"Posted: 5 December, 2012",all,BeamCannon,Awesome! Bloody! Battle!
76561198070308984,Recommended,219640,6606699,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Z0mByZ,"A really nice game, basics are easy to learn, but advanced tactics are also hard to master."
76561198064464640,Recommended,219640,8127179,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,chimmins,Great Game!
,Recommended,219640,8128720,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Bullet Train[GS],its a great game.
,Recommended,219640,8128799,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Quildun,Awesome!
,Recommended,219640,4788713,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,GERTY 3000,"This is one of the funniest games I've ever played. And altough it's so violant, I can't stop laughing, cause of the battlecries. I mean this game is full of life and interaction and reminds me on the good old ""Enemy Territory"" times. The second thing is, that it's so well designed, with all the little details, the voice actors sounds so authentic. But the best part I think, is the team objective mode on this game. It's like ""Battlefield 3"" in medieval. But this time you can't run away, you have to be a real man and face your enemy one vs. one and sometimes this will cost your head. XD"
76561198053290948,Recommended,219640,8129248,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Junkyard Hydra,If you ever wanter to smash some ones head in with a hammer and watch as his brains fly out? If so you are crazy and need therapy and this game would be great for you. I highly recomend it I have over one hundred hours in this game and it has been very fun.
76561198086427263,Recommended,219640,8483147,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Rapestache,cool game
76561198064569864,Recommended,219640,8527069,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,starvingetheopian,i love just killing the bots! so much murder. love it
76561198104350097,Recommended,219640,8527367,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Black,"Awesome game, swords and♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's like, awesome maen!"
76561198085917901,Recommended,219640,8528154,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,BenjiP,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare exhibits simple game techniques, graphics, and customization for an addicting gaming experience. This game has captivated me for hours and will captivate more people to come. The new expansion Deadilest Warrior will pull in new players and keep the veterans yerning for more."
76561198058753486,Recommended,219640,8528892,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Sansai,This game is super fun!
,Recommended,219640,8529127,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Sharkasm,"One of the only games that REALLY requires timing, and skill. Nothing bad to say about it. :)"
,Recommended,219640,9682255,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,PAO,Good game most have
76561198014622887,Recommended,219640,9489337,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Struggle Screwb,"""is gud. Nuff said""-SomeVillageFool"
,Recommended,219640,91851,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,iPoLL,A must buy even if you are not a medival fan.
76561198076747773,Recommended,219640,6836538,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,Sandy Ravage,Hilariously gruesome combat that rewards player skill.
,Recommended,219640,9492964,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,NinjaGhetto,>Start up game>Go to random server>Everyone literally slashes everyone>teammates on teammates doesnt matter>lel's were had7/10 would play again
76561198018810266,Recommended,219640,9493127,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,War1941,Great first person midevil war game. A must have especially on sale.
,Recommended,219640,9495289,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,DK,Hilarious. Brutal & Brilliant.
,Recommended,219640,5358711,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Autism-Cat,I love the combat system yet hate how ANAL the players are about getting killed...
,Recommended,219640,9497343,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Silvan (Mr. Llama),"Basically a medeival slasher game, its quite simple, there is an objective and you are either red or blue. You have to reach this objective with your team. Be aware that there is violence and blood. I reccomend this game for anyone that wants a change to tf2 but still want a similar concept."
,Recommended,219640,9501191,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,WulfMaan,It's fun. It's rewarding. It's Chivalry
76561198077519941,Recommended,219640,7479405,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,S. Johnson,Fun game. Defiinitely recommend
76561198058814279,Not Recommended,219640,9504497,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,[TFX] Jack London,laggy hard to use but when you get it working pretty fun not worth 25$ though
76561198024479896,Recommended,219640,8191567,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Melon Lord,fun game good play yes buy mmhmm
76561198062275822,Recommended,219640,6256642,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,OrneryDave,"Looks Beautiful, the combat is very nice, AI can be a bit off thought, and a story mode with co-op would be nice but it does well on the whole... plays best with friends."
76561198025263022,Recommended,219640,3614910,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,Magaroth,"Amazing, unique and realistic gameplay!!!"
76561198075892821,Recommended,219640,8192098,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lubu,Endless carnage fun and so much replay value 10/10
,Recommended,219640,6076336,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Mimbu,HAMMER GEIL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197992949047,Recommended,219640,8193189,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,onewayticket,"Quick brutal old style sword mayhem! Shy of being decapitated then stay away, a great multiplayer fight to the death"
,Recommended,219640,8194443,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,martinrusev,"In a nutshell Chivalry is all about smashing people with swords, spears ,axes, mauls, etc.  For me personally thats a lot of fun. Perfect if  you want to sink an hour or two in a casual multiplayer game."
76561198003453885,Not Recommended,219640,8196574,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Speedy666,Well the game itself i like as i play it on my brothers account BUT and this is a big BUT customer service is non existance if you have a problem with connecting to the game. I asked for help off them and they didnt reply and i tryed to get in contact and they have just ignored me.So a multiplayer game that doesnt allow you online and the MODS ignore you if you have a problem.
,Recommended,219640,8197785,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,fredgwardo,"This game is great for blowing off steam with some good old fashioned gruesome murder. Nothing is better at getting rid of stress than stabbing a man in the heart or chopping off his head. This game is not for the fainthearted, although I think there are settings to turn down the brutality. If all you really care about is multiplayer in games, then you're in luck, because this game only has a multiplayer. It's not really like COD with a straightforward ranking system, there is some sort of ranking system but it's rather confusing. You need a powerful computer to run this game, and if you do this game has awesome graphics. It's great fun to play, but there are many rough edges even still. If you fit the criteria I described in this review, I highly recommend picking up this game, especially when it's on sale (which it is pretty often)."
,Recommended,219640,8197804,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,pro genji,"Wonderful, purely amazing combat. War of the roses? Well, thats okay, but this isn't just a game where you can helicopter, it takes skill and strategy. It dumps you into a world of realtime combat where you always have to be on your guard."
76561198024225393,Recommended,219640,8176449,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Bubbles,no.
76561198037750911,Recommended,219640,8176798,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Rorink,great simulation for warfare back in medieval times
,Recommended,219640,2495290,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Snydicus,"Great, great game. It's really refreshing compared to all the shooters these days. There is more skill involved, and you have to get up close for a kill, so camping is virtually non-existant. Much more of an aggressive feeling than Call of Duty or Halo as well. 8/10"
,Recommended,219640,4833603,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Nemeroth,Loved any Call of duty game? Imagine it with Sword and Shields with random battle cries!...ALAS.. this game.
76561198022782630,Recommended,219640,8177580,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Hodor,Yeah i'm gonna be playing this for a while...
,Recommended,219640,8177794,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,a d i d a s,this game
76561197985262402,Not Recommended,219640,8178050,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Swoosh So Fast,"DO NOT BUY THIS. It has some of the worst melee mechanics I've seen in a game...For a ""medieval warfare"" game, there are surprisingly large amounts of times the basic knife will have more reach than a spear or polearm - (or the fact that blocking is completely worthless with anything except said knife)Please, please do not waste your money on this game."
,Recommended,219640,8178138,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,i dont give a fuck,Dat action though!
76561198045044357,Not Recommended,219640,8178815,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mobster,"absolute garbage, won't even work."
,Recommended,219640,8180481,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,TomTheRacist,"Funny, interesting, great idea. Actually I love this game, the concept is AWESOME. But the coding? I've read a lot about it on the internet and I am definitely not the only one who gets sooo much lags, beacuse the game is not optimalized correctly.A lot of people who have strong computers, fast internet connection (10 MBs+ (majority even more, 25 MBs+) are getting lags even on the low settings? Well, thats definitely not right. But nobody is doing anything about that.And the maps? 10 maps, maybe? Ok i get it, you don't want to do anything you don't have to for free, so why don''t you at least make it as a DLC, i would buy it (if you fix the lag issue).8/10 If they add new maps and game will run smoothly without lags, 9/10, maybe 10/10, but untill then..."
,Recommended,219640,9220380,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,[BUL]Ragnarous,The best knight medieval combat game for the moment! Definitely a lot of fun in multiplayer!
,Recommended,219640,9223070,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,butteryspam,"Its a new way to play in the First person viewits very fun once you get the basic control down.however it has problems such as some hit detection problems and it can cause some issues with new playersin overall aspect, its a 8.5 out of 10 :D"
,Recommended,219640,9225606,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Fibrillous,"This is an incredible game, one of my favorites of all time.  The reason for my praise is that this games core mechanics are so revolutionarily beautiful for a melee game.  this game is definitely worth your attention whether you are a casual or hardcore gamer because, for casual gamers, its a fun experience that doesnt get old, and for the hardcore gamers, the little nuances of combat are tricky to master and give a great sense of satisfaction when you can successfully pull difficult maneuvers off to outplay opponents.  amazing game!"
,Recommended,219640,6525865,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,Jubber Ronny,5* Combat so funny and amazing must buy for a laugth and good old blood and gore medieval style
,Recommended,219640,9270990,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Mad Sweeney,"Do you like fun? Do you like multiplayer? Do you like poles axes? Of course you do, get this game!"
,Recommended,219640,9271159,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Turtlegeist,"I Highly recomend this if you're into skill based games and teamwork, but the archers THE DANG ARCHERS other than that it's a wonderfully made game and I highly recomend it to almost every gamer!"
,Recommended,219640,9272134,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,freshly poured lean,Learn how to use the middle mouse attack. That's all you need.
,Recommended,219640,313101,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Kroz,Bloody good tactical multiplayer
76561198071174399,Not Recommended,219640,9158300,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Jack Tenrec,Don't play or buy this game until they get around to fix the lag issues. Two whole years of updates and its borderline unplayable due to an insane ammount of lag. Embarrassing.2 0f 5
76561198047929695,Recommended,219640,9162973,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Thomsen,This game gets you laid
76561198072193861,Recommended,219640,9313150,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,zaphyr5,AWESOME!!!!
,Recommended,219640,6660510,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,AeonicFire,This game is awesome all of you should buy it.
76561198073346336,Recommended,219640,9320370,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,MrGurch,A very fun and gory game.  Even better with friends!
76561198073346787,Recommended,219640,6721926,"Posted: 11 February, 2013",all,W3rk-it,♥♥♥♥IN RECOMMENDING RECOMMENDATION 2013
76561198079058194,Recommended,219640,9149020,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Faithful Steed,"A lot of fun playing a FPS melee. Strictly a multiplayer game, good internet connection is a must to play. However, the game has a lot of bugs. There are issues with kills not counting for unlocking new weapons or achievements, experience not being given for a period of time, and other bugs of the like. Nothing that really hinders gameplay, just an annoyance at best. This is not excusable though since the game came out a couple years ago with over a million copies sold. The developers, Torn Banner, so far have proven that they take a long time to address any issues, that is if they are at least attempting too."
76561198020476969,Recommended,219640,9326038,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Hysidres,"This game has an awesome concept that I would love to see explored more. First person medieval combat is exciting and fun to play. There are many problems with Chivalry though. There are many bugs that need working out, and from what I've seen, there is a very high concentration of hackers in the game, so it needs better protection. The issue is that the devs seem to have moved on to bigger and better things with their DLC of Deadliest Warrior, rather than finishing this project, so things are going to be improved very slowly and a little at a time, if at all."
,Recommended,219640,12023243,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,☫SAVAGE☫,worth the money so fun i only got it 15 hours ago   its so fun i enjoy it pwning noobs 10/10
76561198034044421,Recommended,219640,12043799,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,skinkabamba,"Unforgiving combat, but very fun to play :)"
76561198076233490,Recommended,219640,7489362,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Jungle Japes,FOR THE GLORY OF AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,219640,2772372,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,Goat,The call of duty of medieval warfare. It has amazing hit detection and is really fun to use every weapon they have to offer.
,Recommended,219640,356528,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,Jooooe,A great way to giggle like an idiot for hours on end while being way too loud!
76561198023379216,Recommended,219640,12048460,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,LOOKATTHEFUCKINGPACE,Recommended for people that love hearing people scream.
76561198018448247,Recommended,219640,12027426,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,czebureki,medieval knigger simulator
,Recommended,219640,6640756,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,Chow,"Contrary to its name, this game does not contain a single bit of chivalry. Its all gorey and messy, just as one would expect to see on a medieval battlefield. Whether it is the duel battles you get yourself into, or the huge objective based matches you play with your friends, the game never fails to give an intense atmosphere."
,Recommended,219640,11267739,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Jolting,"Nothing like dismembering your opponent with medieval weaponry to get the happiness going.  The fact that you can continue to dismember your opponent after you have killed them, is a nice touch.As for the expansion5/5 would shoot someone in the face with a piston again"
76561198045182186,Recommended,219640,11268044,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Taco Picasso,Love this game so much for just killing time right before bed. It's pretty simple and straight forward to play and keeps you in the action constantly.
,Recommended,219640,11268468,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Birdperson,"Great game, detailed and concise."
,Recommended,219640,11271075,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,BOPOH,"The good: Combat mechanics, maps, graphicsThe neutral: More experienced players will dominate you even more than you already get dominated when new to the game. Particularly because of their erratic and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to look at yet effective swings. You really have to learn in this game to survive (This may be part of the good)The bad: Ping nazis. Ping nazis everywhere."
76561198087424739,Not Recommended,219640,11928353,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,AnchorBeardJones,"I am all for learning  new styles of game play, yet this is quite ludicrous.I am surprised anyone can be ""good"" at this game.One needs to understand the weird controls, the needing of perfect timing, and  to just be lucky."
76561198122879320,Not Recommended,219640,11930433,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Sensual Girrafe,"Chivalry is a great game, if you have good internet. The lag sucks. :("
76561198075448989,Recommended,219640,12142711,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Screaming Owl,Its Like Medieval COD my dream come true
,Recommended,219640,12132218,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Tormund the Tryhard,"I'm not big on PC shooters for the simple fact I'm bad...so bad...just leave me to the die in any gun fight, you'll be better off. However, I can get behind PC slashers! Swords and spears, fists and fire, arrows, and other alliteration devices. Pillage and plunder the homes of filthy peasants with your friends, so do yourself a favor, and get them to buy it. Quick tip, just because you do one of those noscope360 whatever with a sniper rifle, don't think you'll be a savant with a bow. Also fun, watching one person take you and two others on in a fair fight."
,Recommended,219640,1100986,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,Elpine,"This game is fantastic, huge recommendation."
,Recommended,219640,12134999,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Hasty Baggins,"Chivalry is an intense First/Third Person medieval combat game developed by Torn Banner Studios. Unfortunately, the nonexistant singleplayer mode and limited multiplayer gametypes keep this game from being truly great, and force Chivalry to make up with solid gameplay mechanics...  which they certainly have, the combat in Chivalry feel more real and visceral than any other combat game of its kind. I have played over 50 hours of the game so far, from duels, to team deathmatch, and chaotic free-for-alls, and the combat keeps me coming back for more. The sound FX and voice acting leave something to be desired at times, which can make the game feel more arcady than simulation, but it's not entirely a bad thing.. 8/10"
76561198088665382,Recommended,219640,7146989,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Touch my Clutch,Hilarious
,Not Recommended,219640,12137193,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Greaves,"♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is not at all balanced still, how the ♥♥♥♥ does a knight run down an archer, go figure. whats the point of having armour variations if they all move the same ♥♥♥♥ing speed and u cant run away.... this is the biggest element in any combat/ war game, classes have good attributes like armour but a knight should not and can not  possibly never move as fast as it does in the game. Also an archer is lighter than a skirmisher, but has the same speed value as a vangaurd, once again wtf, u need to put alot of work into this game still. the easiest way to win this game is to have every one role vangaurd or knight and just rush. one arrow will bring down anyone but that element is lacking, along with arrow speed is not accurate. over all this game is basically a hack and slash, if u want a balanced and realistic medievil game dont play this."
76561198002571987,Recommended,219640,8238920,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sir Greencastle,I didn't like Mount & Blade so much but I love this game!Chivalry made sword fighting faster to learn and therefore more fun....and cutting heads and limbs off is a bonus x)
,Recommended,219640,8238937,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Cobalt,Very fun game. Archers everywhere. Really only good on some servers.
,Recommended,219640,8239477,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,アナル尻セックス,Great game.
,Not Recommended,219640,8239625,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Embez,The fans of this game are awful who votes for the steaming pile of crap over brothers?
,Recommended,219640,8239645,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Edgar,"A great game to play against friends using good ol' medieval weapons. Nothing says, ""I love you pal."" Like smashing his head in with a mace. Just great carnage"
,Recommended,219640,8239657,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sir Siberia,"Fun and addictive. It's up to you if you chop off an arm, a leg, or head!"
76561198098286120,Not Recommended,219640,8239866,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,scottdottcomm,"DO NOT PURCHASE.  This is a clunky, poorly programmed piece of junk at any price."
,Recommended,219640,8240186,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,AVarietyOfGrant,"This game looks stunning for an indipendant title, the combat is very tactical (aside from shieldhuggers, amirite?)the large player capacity on some servers turns a brawl into outright war, and the duel mode is very satisfying.would recommend if you enjoy a good slaughterfest."
,Recommended,219640,8240608,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gonzorii,"Okay so this a really good game its pretty, and has a really fun gameplay concept and exticution, It plays well, is very fun. I have to say the Deadliest Warrior DLC is worth it, and if this game is on sale, I highly reccomend buying it, It's not a very stressful game, so it's should run well as long as you have the recommend settings, and it's fairly cheap."
76561198029125600,Recommended,219640,8240740,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dax Orion,"Honestly, Chivalry is a game I wasn't very interested in at first. I mean, it's an online first-person ye-olde combat game -- what was there to like?But this is, simply put, online first-person ye-olde combat done right. The game is easy to pick up and learn, but hard to master, and the player is driven to better himself as he forms rivalries with other players"
76561197972842041,Recommended,219640,8240792,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Putty Skywalker,best medieval game that i have played in a long time
,Recommended,219640,8240966,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Tintoretto,Good Game!
76561198072816307,Recommended,219640,8241544,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kakuto,This game is fun. You can switch between third person and first person on the fly. Awesome game which makes you take the role of a medieval knight. Lot of fun 10/10
,Recommended,219640,8241787,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sofa,This game is very entertaining and I play it over anything. The gameplay is skilled and has a high skill ceiling (if TB doesn't keep lowering it) and very satisfying to do well in.
,Recommended,219640,8242035,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,JacksEncoded,Chivalry is my first choice when it comes to first person medieval mayhem!
76561198044491227,Recommended,219640,8242245,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Norkolas,this game makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥rock hard
76561198000124512,Recommended,219640,8242346,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,menotyou9,Fun game to play with friends
,Recommended,219640,8234890,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,xenvise,OH I JUST CUT THAT GUY'S HEAD OFF
,Recommended,219640,8242670,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,XM177e2,A must have for the FPS lover!
76561198051898565,Recommended,219640,8242749,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,7 asses,it gud
76561197988463169,Recommended,219640,10616590,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,bayruun,"This is, in my opinion, the ultimate LAN game. You get a bunch of your buddies together, split into teams (or do a free-for-all), get down to first-person slashing, and hit the ""yell"" button liberally. That's right, there's a button to make your medieval warrior yell battlecries.A lot of games get first-person slashing wrong. I've played a lot of those games, and this isn't one of them. It's easy to launch attacks with reasonable chances of hitting, it's reasonably easy to block or avoid them, and the various weapons handle quite differently. It's tons of fun, and there are unlikely to be accusations of cheating, lag, or hitbox issues.It's a good game (no, really), and there's a battlecry button!"
76561198047307892,Recommended,219640,10194857,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Kim Jong Fun,Good game overall but has a lot of bugs
76561197984285045,Recommended,219640,10195174,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,cjrichey,"This game offers alot action. Teamwork is always of value and when your defending petard bomb cart or buring down a settlement with a good team or friends its always fun.Seige battles not your fancy? Then thrers always areana combat the bloodiest of it all complete with a spike pit and razor sharp spike poles to kick people in and on always fun.With multiple weapons like my personal favorite the pole axe theres some thing for everyone pole arms,great swords,bow,throwing spears etc. this fine product is well worth the price.It will always offer gory fun for those medival fans. 10\10 and remeber my fellow knights FOR THE IRON GLOVE!"
76561198007504314,Recommended,219640,2449532,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,James Lipton,This game is the best screaming man simulatior I've ever played.
76561198009975173,Recommended,219640,10195523,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,general_windu512,"I've never played a game with such a realistic swordplay. You have to carefully observe the enemy , dogde or block in time or get around the enemy shield to stab him from the sides. While blocking you can also choose not to use your shield but your sword. This makes your character more agile.Of course you can also choose from a wide set of ranged weapons like bows , crossbows , throwing knives , and so on. The weapons are also very balanced. A longsword can have high damage and range but lacks speed. A shortsword or dagger can have little or medium damage and range but you can attack several times in a row.The basic movements , the different classes and weapons and also advanced attacks like a feint can all be learned and trained in a little training village accessable offline. The only thing I found hard to find help for are the different game modes. But if you play them several times you'll understand them easily.I can totally recommend this game to anyone who loves realistic sword fights."
76561198066066571,Recommended,219640,10198268,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Flewy,Good at beta stage havent played much since
76561197985872989,Recommended,219640,10199442,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Coward,"Highly Strategy based first person combat style game, highly recommend but you need the hoursepower to run this game. Hope your rigs not more than 5years old, because it wont take long to over heat.Massive Maps, huge battles, what more can a gamer ask for."
76561198016275498,Recommended,219640,10200786,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,ApocalypseSnail,Theres some thing about slashing through a mans face with a throwing axe amusing. Where should i start. This game is awsome for it price. a little bit over priced but for the effort they put into it. it worth any cent. i think they should put more classes on the Deadliest warrior pack. the TV show have all kind of awsome warriors that deserve a part in the game. Keep the good work!
76561198060329250,Recommended,219640,6162070,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,ELTRAVISIMO,Whats not to like about medieval warfare???
,Recommended,219640,10218919,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,pj2996,awsome game great grapic so cool i reccomind this
,Recommended,219640,10219181,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,ϟ b761d67 ϟ,"Swords, so many swords."
,Recommended,219640,6484709,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,SilverFox,Geht ab!
,Recommended,219640,10220220,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,LePhoenixblood,"This is super fun, one of the best mmos based on this time period.if you dont mind Monty Python references or dying over and over this is flawless."
,Recommended,219640,18994970,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,No,sux
76561198126348658,Recommended,219640,18945890,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,FEWTURE,best part of the game is killing your teammates. other than that the dlc's are worth the money but the arhchers seem underpowered and cant be competitve. with some more balancing this game could be really something
76561198074555741,Recommended,219640,18944094,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,CrazyScarry,pretty sick game!
76561198000381969,Recommended,219640,18927814,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Symptom,"Awesome game. Takes some time getting the hang of things, but it's very fun. I would recommend this to anyone."
76561198034844974,Recommended,219640,30601261,Posted: 18 March,all,XxXNoobslayerXxx69,Tosi makee peli
76561198243972250,Recommended,219640,19083082,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,✪Twitch.tv/TheChicken_Bark,I did a lot of head chopping |:)
,Recommended,219640,19083547,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Ubered²,Hmm. This game. I got it for a really good deal so I don't want to rude. But I feel this game needs a lot of balancing. As well as it should have more in-depth tutorials. Cause I felt so overwhelmed when I stepped into my first game. But other than that its fine. Just be aware it will get real difficult real fast.
,Recommended,219640,19041218,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,† burusu †,"this game is frustrating, humorous, rewarding, and fun"
,Recommended,219640,14470898,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Crusader,Good War Game !
76561198122357171,Recommended,219640,19097940,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,~Le Sir~,its gud
,Recommended,219640,30609540,Posted: 19 March,all,Broomboi,Fun game with a community full of meatheads and crybabies. The rest are great.
76561198054133231,Recommended,219640,19289216,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,McCage,Great midevil combat
,Not Recommended,219640,15661436,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,A.small.door,Not userfriendly if someone lags and there are plenty of them then the game is unplayable harder to block and strike attacks.
76561198015079612,Recommended,219640,19294507,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Rich Homie Fryste,TO ME! TO ME! TO ME! TO ME!
,Recommended,219640,19294667,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Coma,"The game is really fun if you know how to have fun when losing, plus the classes are fun to play! The objective is my favorite mode and i think you'll like it too!"
,Recommended,219640,19298688,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,NITRO13,LUV THIS GAME
,Recommended,219640,3912133,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Saruman the White,"Easy to delve into quickly, although would recommend a small/medium population server to begin with as fighting many opponents at once may be overwhelming and frustrating. Unique and decent audio from soundtrack through to voice acting, good array of equipment and plenty of replay value. Well worth getting, however at a full game price $25> there isn't alot of content for the price."
,Recommended,219640,21280373,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Rehax,"Slashing, Beheading, Rushing in battle, all you need after a hard day, just enjoy cutting the limbs of your enemys, your dead enemys or even your allys11/10 would cut limbs of dead bodies"
76561198107800366,Recommended,219640,18266350,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,thedunkindonut,"ChilvalryWhat can I say:First of all buy this game it is suberb and great fun. I know this review is very late but for anyone who is stil debating if he should buy it this is for you.The upsides:1.Great sword play: the game has no not one of the best no the best sword play EVER. It is well belanced and great fun. Good people will beat you but against most people you should be fine. It has great anamations and the engine really does a great job at just making you feel like your in a real fight. Well done here2. Great maps: The game has very small maps(more into this later) but these are very well designed and make you really think your in a 7th century war. With overall well build area's and some good pww interaction.3. A great verioty in game modes: The game modes in this game are great simply said ,with high amounts of game modes the game feels great. If you get bored of something go play something els the game modes feel really different from each other and are well varied. Free for all is my favorite of the bunch really try it out.4. Amazing mods: There are some really cool and very varied mods which are IN THE MENU'S HOLY CRAP just click on one of em and bamm you in a game just downright amazing5. Amazing comunity: There are lots of people who love this game like on youtube alone there are some very helpfull guides on how to become a better player and the developers are much doing there best on creating new maps and such.6. High reaplay vallue: I bet you can get more than 300 hours out of this game If you love it like me.7. new player support: THERE ARE NEW PLAYER SUFFERS TO REK FACE IN.The Downsides:1. This game like many other fp games has the issue of this stupid thing called PING: It is increadably anoying to get beaten by a bad player just because your ping sucks. nuff said here.2. lack of classes: I just think that 4 classes isn't enough, but then again ""reallism""3. Overpowerd weapons: There are in my opion a few weapons which are downright OP, I'm not talking about daggers no I mean that stupid sledgehamer that 1 shots my knight with a good hit.Conclusion:Great game pick it up there are just some minor drawbacks, but they dont really take away from the main product.Thank you for liking my review."
,Recommended,219640,21369246,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dawsvahkiin,7/10 funny moments ensue
76561198053645383,Recommended,219640,21346609,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,neroblank,For the Order!
76561198072099380,Recommended,219640,15422648,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Kraken,"Chivalry is one of those games you'll find yourself consistantly playing like foresay, Mount and Blade. There isn't really anything else like it, the dialogue is quite hillarious, especially the Agatha Knight. The weapons are quite diverse in playstyle, though a few weapons tend to be the main focus of the playerbase. The player can join the various gamemodes on either official servers or community servers, and will earn EXP at the end of each match. This EXP levels up your rank which is only there for reference to your skill level. You start out with a handful of weapons for each class, but as you get more and more kills, you can unlock the next weapon following it. If you unlock all of the weapons for a class, you get a veterans helmet. There is no pay to win in this game, you can't use money to level up or unlock weapons, the only microtransactions is with buying custom skins. You can also customize your classes with a large variety of symbols, but limited patterns for the base armor.Chivalry was known for being competitive, but it lost it's competitive nature after Torn Banner streamlined it with a few patches, which has it's ups and downs for controversy. Don't get me wrong, the game still requires skill, but isn't as demanding as it was before, resulting in more animation exploiting and all sorts of odd unrealistic techniques. For example knights tend to crouch and look straight up turning away from the target as they swing, the result being their weapon going through the ground and hitting the enemy as a normal hit. Things like these is the sort of ""skill"" that is now Chivalry. The MAA and Archer tend to be the exception to this, Archer being simply because he has to aim with a ranged weapon, and the MAA relies more on dodging and feints rather than odd dancing. Overall Chivalry will feel quite arcady, and at times rather ""cheap"" when a enemy player kills you with a move that exploits the animation. Though this will seem minor, and will only bother the more realistic seeking players as the gameplay still flows smoothly.The maps are decent, each (to me) is creative and rememberable. Some of the new maps can be a bit biased towards defenders however, but the rest are balanced.The actual community within Chivalry is average with any other game.The game is a little buggy, with each patch generally ""downgrading"" the game in terms of stability. A sort of ""spaghetti"" effect when someone dies, leaving their eyes floating with broken textures linked to the body, when shot by a ballista the body tends to glitch out a lot. Oddly, Chivalry doesn't support 1920 x 1080 so anyone using such resolution beware when you buy this game. If you use window mode with this game, it will have a very high chance of crashing if you leave the window, intentionally or not. The gameplay and maps aren't bugged at all however, and all perform smooth, but things listed above can stand out like a sore thumb, with the crashes considering window mode being a serious game breaking issue for anyone who likes to listen to music while they play, PC notifications pop up during gameplay, etc.Final OpinionPositives-Addicting smooth gameplay-Satisfying and rewarding with each kill you achieve-Maps are creative enough, and unique with their objectives-Fast arcade pace for players who desire this-A level of customization for the player-Free maps and weapon additions, all DLC is only cosmetic so far (Developers have a good balance between a passion for their games and capitalism.)-Balanced weapons, though some are easier than others, making them a common sight over others.-Soundtrack is decent-No bugs that disturb the flow of the gameplay unless you experience a crash in window mode-Average community-Easy to get into, controls are simple, but takes time to master the game.-Hillarious creative mods that can refresh the gameplay for someCons-Doesn't support 1920 x 1080-Not a good game for competitive players-Not realistic if that's what you seek-Players can exploit animations to land hits-Some newer maps lack balance-Window mode is very vulnerable to crashing-Some players who started playing when the game was first released, will feel that Torn Banner has ""downgraded"" the game with each patch, breaking the experience for them and leaving it. (Going from competitive to arcade)-Players who start playing low rank servers, will find a huge jump in difficulty playing against much higher ranked players when they can't play in low rank servers anymore.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall, I would recommend this to anyone looking for some good fun. The game is addictive and very easy to sink many hours into, especially with a friend(s). If you are looking for realism and competition, I would stay away from this, if you're looking for a arcade casual game, then this will be perfect for you."
,Recommended,219640,21380386,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,unnamed,454556
,Recommended,219640,21380692,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bender Rodriguez,"I suck d**k at this game, which is a good thing because if this game had a d**k, I'd suck it all day long. 10/10"
76561197989091408,Recommended,219640,21395322,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Dr. Juicê,"DEVS please read this , the game is fantastic apart from archeyr being unbalanced and a bit broken.all the game needs is some pve aspec like raids or something in order to customise your char and gears, the limits on char customisation and weapons is quite bad , it makes the game get boring after an hour of play..recommend this game to anyone as their is no better feeling than chopping someones head of , or even 3 heads at a time hahabut the game needs some aspects and game modes other than just being team deathmatch practically , some missions a bit of single player or team missions to get gear or tabbards or things , just way to limited , ive spoke with hundreds of players about this ,  15 hours in 1 day i played this game , and every single player agreed with me , raids and pillages for gears and stuff to make the game a bit more enjoyable and feel like your playing your own char , also the point of only 2 teams is quite meh.this game would be the absoloute perfect game with the extras above , now i understand its alot of work, but this is exactly what the game needs , it will then be the  best game in the world.awesome game.a++"
76561197997413514,Recommended,219640,21413547,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,~Omega,Superb
76561198041478511,Not Recommended,219640,21414549,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,j2spindel,this game loads no servers. customer service sucks. i want my money back. do not download
,Recommended,219640,21352942,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dr. Wraith,DUST THOU EVEN GET REKT?!?!
,Recommended,219640,21481184,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Comrade Conan,AAAAGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!! And other warcries are often heard in this game. A good headchopping simulator.
,Recommended,219640,21407750,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,George,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Not Recommended,219640,20911992,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Famas godddddd,"this game is aint good anymore, atleast never was...the dragging system ruined the whole fun in the gamepeople abuse every possible animation glitch so you dont know when to block an attackand they do instant attacks which is basically moving your mouse with your swing to make it fasterbut they glitch it to another level, where you just show your back and look up and you can hit someone almost instantly after you see the animation so you cant block it...people drag their attacks to a level you cant know what the attack will be...this is maybe what the game was intended but it is overpowered and you can glitch draggin into instant attacks which make the game sucks, only veterans who played this game for years know how to drag like that and do it with no problems. while new players cant understand what is going on and suffer from it. i mean the 0-15 low rank server was fun because people weren't dragging and making the game look like lucky parry simulator.it is worth only to play on noob servers for fun... but duels??! is like just saying kill me faster with glitchy animations..."
,Not Recommended,219640,2226880,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,ZSNO,Don't buy it.
76561198077113787,Recommended,219640,21468667,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Woobie,"+9/10-Good Combat system- So many weapons to use in combat- Different games modes like Deathmatch, Team deathmatch, duels, etcGL HF AND DEFEAT YOUR ENEMYS !!"
,Recommended,219640,19399823,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Volgan,"9/10 - Fun combat, and quick matches. Add-on content in game is a bit pricey to ever seriously consider buying it. 4.99 for a helmet, nah im good."
,Recommended,219640,19411466,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,123,"this is coming from someone who doesnt ever write a review but just having like 3 friends in the game i had a lot of fun and laughs in the few hours we started playing it, def buy if your bored of a game this has hours packed of fun :)"
76561198021252970,Recommended,219640,11629141,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Altarus The Frog,♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ sorry sorry ♥♥♥♥ sorry sorry soirry sorry 10/10
,Recommended,219640,19448661,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ramen Duck,10/10 FOR AGATHA!
,Not Recommended,219640,19449101,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,A Slightly Dissapointing Burger,wont let me ♥♥♥♥in play it at all .-. so wtf
76561198050149326,Not Recommended,219640,19351704,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,LUL,"The game had a great concept but it didn't work out very wellit's boring. high ranked player abuse bugs and there's not ""auto balance"" in this game so some time you might play 3 v 7 no joke.Is it worth 5$ on sell? maybe but it's not that type of a game that will make go back to it since there's not that many ways you can play the game"
76561198068797750,Recommended,219640,19351988,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Zephonarch,"This game really is all about skill. Not the equipment you get. Just fasten your reflexes if you're going to buy it. Much more intense than FPS games. Sword-swinging never felt so much fun. In the first few games I had I started mid-leaderboard and went to the top in just my first 2 games. No lag just blocking, slashing, overhead-swinging, lunging, chopping, backstabbing, and staying on my toes.Overall: A great grind!"
76561198178263771,Recommended,219640,19355754,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Rolton,"-Buys Game-''I only have ten minutes till school guess I'll play''-Plays Game-10 minutes later-''Meh, I will go the next hour-7 hours later-Level 4-Gets killed 50 times-Has 1 kill-90 Team Kills-Gets banned each server-Makes server-Waits 10 hours-Looks outside-World has been destroyed only person left-Finds $100 steam card-''YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!''-Buys items-Gets Badge-Badge says -You have played 100 hours! Alone''-Sad Violen Music-"
76561197971880467,Recommended,219640,19356763,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,K.O.quest,"Lots of fun, great pick up and go. first timers can play in low rank servers. lots of funny moments and epic duels."
,Recommended,219640,19350669,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,zzilla8,best medieval game
,Recommended,219640,1901339,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Furious,There is more fun to be found in this game than most $59.99 big budget titles could ever hope for. Buy this game NOW!
76561198081498025,Recommended,219640,6982652,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,RiceBobu,"It's like that Medieval Times show, that you always wanted to see."
,Not Recommended,219640,19448198,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,bran,
,Recommended,219640,19442344,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,tegakiller,i really love the kick in that game
,Recommended,219640,2464479,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Captain Cocksmear,Ma ♥♥♥♥♥s. this game is like grape soda and watermelon in a hot day. like fried chicken for breakfast lunch and tea! its grape soda watermelon kfc an lil wayne all blended into 1 its that good!!!! ♥♥♥♥ing get it or nicky manaj willl touch your pee pee :(
76561198074129227,Recommended,219640,19445168,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Boredom Hellcase.comPvpro.com,Extremely gory and fun. A lot of skill involved too :)
76561198049585260,Recommended,219640,19456753,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Pip-Boy,I like this game :)
76561198181985357,Not Recommended,219640,19498841,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Retrosteve24[NSN] hellcase.com,Can't costom weapons had to fix the gaming my self after 3 days. Don't recommend.
,Recommended,219640,19490312,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Xier74,"It's just legacy players on the servers once you graduate from the lower class servers.  Unless you are persistent, you will be spanked and it will quickly become not fun.  Wait until it's a free weekend before buying."
,Recommended,219640,19497778,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Cleric Patches,Very fun game to play with your friends.
76561198055496333,Recommended,219640,19474334,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Clouds n vude,"The saxons had it right all along, needless violence and screaming incoherently is pretty fun."
76561198066880898,Recommended,219640,19462497,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Grant,10/10
76561198187065049,Recommended,219640,16704029,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ebeneezer Goode,Pretty good
,Recommended,219640,19464612,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,JustBen,This game is VERY fun in general. I got it when it was on sale for $5 or so and it has been SO very worth it. Whenever me and my friend are bored we turn to this game and it provides something to do and something fun to do
76561198042979926,Recommended,219640,4894607,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Whorepain,its fun
76561198136653248,Recommended,219640,19490996,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Danglenibble,Large learning curve. Decapitating is fun though.
76561198133601378,Recommended,219640,10192803,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Cybic2,it sucks
76561197976186394,Recommended,219640,19517491,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Bald jones,YOU ARE JUST HACKING AND WACKING AND SAMKING. FOR JESUS HOLLA PORFAVOR. TY FOR YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING TIME I am happy to waste it. PS i am roli rodriges
76561198222697216,Recommended,219640,19514848,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,eXposed,"""just Saying"" you should lower the value of the game. Like wow $24.99 to much!"
,Not Recommended,219640,19516964,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,✪XHenBroke,itz berry bad
,Recommended,219640,19451310,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Êӝᵻլҿᶁ ֍ ƉέᵻϮҰ,"i dont own the game , but i can write a reveiw? cool"
76561198088177802,Recommended,219640,19468891,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Moose_in_a_noose,"'Tis a great game full of (not so) Honourable players who are (not) very respectful. If you like the thought of Ballet dancers holding swords and battling to the death whilst still dancing, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,219640,19469286,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,KennyC,This game is very nice you should try
,Recommended,219640,19466939,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,SER | Sea Ferret,"Pretty good for an unfinished game, get it during a sale and dont expect any updates aside from skins."
,Not Recommended,219640,19452007,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,DobeDobeDubiDobaDu,Lag asia server .
76561198116846585,Recommended,219640,17649322,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,fobbyfabi,"Suprisingly deep(ish) melee mechanics, so don't be fooled by the chaotic cluster ♥♥♥♥ of swinging blades and gore.  Very fun at first, but get's repetitive pretty quickly.7/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,19527637,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Robert,TOOK 2 DAYS TO DOWNLOAD !!!!!
,Recommended,219640,19473036,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,FFTRAUMA,High brow South Park style death noises.  10/10 would brghlalaghhhlalala again.
,Recommended,219640,19505084,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,TraceVandal,Great game!  It's like Skate only instead of doing kickflips your severing heads.
,Recommended,219640,19722812,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,[MAGA]#TRUMP2016,.
,Recommended,219640,7548387,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,KingofMosvik,Kill the peasants!!!
,Recommended,219640,7437834,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Magic Mushroom Man,its ♥♥♥♥ing fun buy it you got swords and knights and heads go off and its fun and chivalry and you get ♥♥♥♥♥es and theres axes you should get this ♥♥♥♥in game man
,Recommended,219640,1368210,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Aahnold,Мясное средневековое рубилово. Многогранная классовая и боевая система. Весело.Meaty medieval carnage. Complex class and combat system.Fun.
,Recommended,219640,7772947,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Jonas,Just as fun as it needs to be! Epic Multiplayer with swords and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,2511205,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Spike,"Easily the best indie game on steam. If it's on sale, it must be in your Steam Library. You'll get your $10/$20 handed back to you on a bloody silver platter with a head or two of either fallen brethren or of the heathens that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and pillaged every single innocent soul from your little spec you call a town."
,Recommended,219640,211889,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Godot,Chivalry > CoD + BF
76561198067170473,Recommended,219640,7773796,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Long Dong Silver,I usally hate these types of games but this one becomes really addivtive and its so much fun to watch heads roll and hack peoples limbs off. HIGHLY RECORMENDED.
76561198092571462,Recommended,219640,7207961,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Unlucky_Cock,Its funny enough to see myself get my♥♥♥♥♥kick.
,Recommended,219640,2061695,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,CoolerWithShades,A fun muiltiplayer fighting game that dilivers satisfiying competitive gameplay with deeply immersive melee combat.
,Recommended,219640,3776652,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,electricspit,beating someone to death with a hammer has never felt so good
,Recommended,219640,880605,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,RealDiel,"Visceral PvP battles with medieval-style warfare? Check! Lopping players' heads and limbs off with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sword? Hell yes!  Bloody gurgling, metal ringing as swords collide, and death screams/warcries? Oh yeah! Headshots with a crossbow? *Thunk!*It really requires more strategy than twitch so I would consider it a thinking man's first-person PvP medieval warfare game. Jump into the fray and harness your inner warrior!"
,Recommended,219640,7761224,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ivory_Soul,"The Good: Excellent fight mechanics, well designed maps, all four classes are fun to play as, great graphics and sound, fun modesThe Bad: Not enough content overall, some server instability, not enough classes, controls have a steep learning curveWhile everyone is playing Black Ops II and Battlefield 3 there is a little multiplayer game called Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. This knight-in-shining-armor online only game pits players against each other and lets them have at it with deadly swords, crossbows, flaming pots, shields, and various other Camelot era weapons. This is a different multiplayer game and will keep you hooked for dozens of hours.There’s no story here at all so don’t worry about that, this game doesn’t need a story. You open up the game and you are greeted with a server list. There’s a tutorial that shows you the ropes of this game. There’s a bit more to it than just swinging around weapons. Each one has range, damage, and speed that you have to think about. In a small arena you probably want a short and fast weapon, while the more open maps you should use a javelin and a giant polearm. There are three basic attacks which are overhead, side to side, and jab swings. You can feint attacks as well to trick your opponent which is a key move you have to learn to master. You block, but you have to time it and you can’t just block aimlessly. You have to be looking at the weapon or the block won’t really connect. This is really a knight simulator and the game is just so much fun.It doesn’t stop there though, there are some projectiles. The bow is great to use and has an arrow cam which helps you adjust your aim. There’s also a crossbow but reloading is very slow and you can’t see around you when reloading. Larger classes get axes to throw, while smaller ones get knives and daggers. I found a strategy where I’d use up my projectiles and try to get in some kills that way before going in. There are 4 classes, Man-at-Arms, Knight, Vanguard, and Archer. The Vanguard is the biggest class and can kill in just a couple of hits but is extremely slow. He, and the Man-at-Arms, have a charging attack that will devastate anyone in its path. If you use a kite shield with these classes it protects you from rear attacks which is actually how I died the most. I would be battling an enemy and I’d get creamed by two guys coming up from behind that I couldn’t see or hear.Some levels have traps in them that you can activate to help your team or whittle down someone’s health before going in for the kill. Each class is a lot of fun to play and I found myself constantly switching between them unlike other multiplayer games. I just wish there were more classes. Four isn’t all that much, and there aren’t enough maps. Torn Banner is putting out free content, but it’s been slow coming since release last year. However, I still find myself coming back and playing a few rounds at least once a week, the game is very addictive.The game modes are also lacking. There’s just Team Deathmatch, Free-for-All (Deathmatch), Capture the Flag, and Dueling which is 1v1. There are a couple more, but these are typical modes found in other games. One mode that is unique to this game is a siege type mode where you use battering rams, trebuchets, and various other long-range siege weapons to break into the enemy’s fortress and take it over. That is probably the most fun. On one map my team was trying to push a battering ram through a small village. We were trying to fight off the other team and it was a constant back and forth. Once we got to the front doors their archers made easy work of the battering team because their moat didn’t allow us to surround the team and defend them. We just had to do archer battles or hang back and wait for people to come out.As it stand, Chivalry has proven to be a very popular and well made multiplayer game. The graphics are fantastic and everything looks superb. Hopefully Torn Banner can continue to dole out new content to make players happy and continue playing.--Score: 8/10"
76561197976028334,Recommended,219640,703910,"Posted: 6 November, 2012",all,Get Burned!,"Drop the corpses into the river to poison their water supply. Pour boiling oil on the invading army at the gates. Kick your enemies into the spikes. Chivarly is a lot of fun! Melee combat hasn't been done much and this game does a lot right. It's multi-player only, and that's for the best. It takes a minute to unlearn Skyrim combat. It's a much deeper system of counter-attacks, parrys, and dodges. There's a decent variety to the maps and even within different parts of the maps. There's a gladiators arena free-for-all. If they added lions to it, it might be the coolest field to battle on ever made. The game runs pretty well and looks nice. This is probably my Game of the Year so far."
76561197970548483,Recommended,219640,427062,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,winter,Most visceral game I've played. Lots of fun!
,Recommended,219640,7762700,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Nosferatu,Its difficult but fun. Once you get the hang of things you'll be dismembering people in no time.
,Recommended,219640,308226,"Posted: 5 February, 2013",all,g4m3r,"Chivarly is a very good medieval FPS slasher with good dynamics and controls, nice graphics, a lot of violence and blood but also interesting maps and game modes! A valid alternative to all those modern shooters out there!!"
,Recommended,219640,750374,"Posted: 14 November, 2012",all,b3Nign,"Now where to begin? Do you always wanted to get more of that thrill knifeing someone in a FPS? Well look no further since your knife will become a full sized two-hander, halberd or a good old medieval sledgehammer. This is probably the part where some age rateing will kick in since dark medieval combat is nothing short of bloody engagements, but hey this is an experience that every gamer should go through after decades of wimpy shootouts. Get close and personal with Chivalry Medieval Warfare."
76561198023085044,Recommended,219640,7769779,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,DoctorProfessorReverendRevan,Really fun game. High learning curve. A few hidden micro-transactions. 8/10 would play.
,Recommended,219640,6837495,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,MojaradimBR,"great game, blood ever"
,Recommended,219640,4689888,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,SirTobyGirl,the main goal of the game is decapitate all your team mates and say sorry before you get kicked4/5
76561198072702251,Recommended,219640,7708024,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Björn ou Ours,Bad♥♥♥♥♥..Nuff said
76561198011642712,Recommended,219640,2722467,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Professor Anthrax,takes a little bit to get used to the timing...and play melee in third person by pressing 'p'...but it's a blast...
,Recommended,219640,593518,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,allyjweir,This is silly fun. That is all there is to it. An great game made by a mod team gone professional which has consumed most of my gaming time over the last few months. It is rough around the edges however with bugs and mistakes.
,Recommended,219640,7484391,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,raik,"A great game! It has its flaws, but Chivalry is extremely fun to play, especially with a group of friends. The community of the game is generally friendly and rather humorous, too."
,Recommended,219640,1482675,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Porcoflic,FOR THE ORDERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198043540123,Recommended,219640,4938597,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Beta,This game is totally worth it it has great combat and graphics (if you can run it on the best setting) and you will have a fun time playing
76561197971258487,Recommended,219640,505478,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Pfymbourg,Bloody and hilarious and awesome. Infuses you with adrenalin like few other games can.
76561198113746271,Recommended,219640,7767557,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,GANDOLFtheGAY,one of my fav games and the DLC is amazing
76561198009870575,Recommended,219640,7754148,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ndeed,"The videos don't do it justice - it is a fun, strictly multiplayer (at least right now 11/25), hack and slash game.On a side note: It takes a little getting used to the delay with certain weapon/armor combos (due to their 'weight' in the game)... but don't let that discourage you.  Keep trying new setups, as once you find 'your combo', enemy limbs will practically fall off themselves  ;-)"
76561198007856644,Recommended,219640,7754270,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Menroth,"Chopping heads off and shooting people in the eye with a bow, never gets old. 7.8/10"
,Recommended,219640,63638,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,mrakva,"8/10General overview: Fun slugfest! This is an FPS based on medieval warfare. The game is grounded in realistic representation (not a high fantasy game with magic and artifacts).Graphics: You will be wiping bloody splatters off your face. You can almost smell the blood. Injuries are represented on models (although, it's just general view without particular noticeable wounds). Kills are graphic. Models can be decapitated, and limbs can be amputated. This type of graphical fidelity makes wins more satisfying.Sounds: Sounds are rich and vibrant. You will hear screams and steel on steel sounds. Arrows will make a wooshing sound when they fly by your face. Both graphics and sounds create an emersive experience.Gameplay: There is a nice variety of weapons. Although, due to the nature of conflict they all feel similar. Weapons do vary in 3 different characteristics. There are both melee as well as range weapons. There is a variety of special weapons also. There are a couple of different modes ranging from free for all, team deathmatch and team based objectives driven mode. Combat is skill based. Although, all too often it gets too chaotic to effectively utilize blocking and striking techniques. There is a good balance between melee and ranged weapons. The game does everything good, but nothing particularly great. There is a robust online community (at least at this point - late 2013). You should have no difficulties finding games.Verdict: Give this one a try if you are into online FPS and have an interest in medieval warfare and weapons. There is an expansion you can try if you really like this game."
,Recommended,219640,582658,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,zach,"ok, so when you hit some one in the head with a 2hand mace they always decap.when their head breaks like it removes the head from the player model (like it rolls fowards with the momentium of their body) but the innards of their skull (i guess brains???????? or eyeballs) kinda gets suspended in mid air and falls straight down to the ground.that is my favorite part of this game. its really good."
,Recommended,219640,2340031,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,Mr. Roboto,"Holy crap this game is fun. There's a special feeling you get when you run into a group of people fighting, swing your greatsword and cut several heads off.Chivalry is mostly melee-based, ranging from 4 classes. They use several variants of weapons from swords, maces, axes etc. There is an archer class, but it takes some skill to get kills with ranged.Speaking of skill, this game is largely based on skill. Swing your sword like a fool and you run out of stamina, becoming vulnerable.It's multiplayer only basically, but you can play offline with bots if you wish. I haven't had any problems finding a group of people to play with."
76561198025471250,Recommended,219640,3637303,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,KillasaurasRex,"Awesome PvP content, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, this is a straight up skill will win game."
,Recommended,219640,7756010,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,AceZedock,Great Game all around always fun to play!
76561198088711908,Recommended,219640,7756150,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Little Spoon,Engaging and easy to play 9/10
,Recommended,219640,5128806,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Blanc,"If you enjoyed Mount and Blade, you'll like this."
,Recommended,219640,1599956,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Lana CtrlAltDel Rey,It's fun when by some miracle your team isnt a bunch of team killing penisfaces.
,Recommended,219640,7756944,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Elderun,Amazing game!   Absolutley love it!  Highly recommended.  This is a purchase you wont regret!
76561198035953926,Recommended,219640,7757203,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Cochiloco,This is one of the most fun games on the market. In a nutshell: Call of Duty set in Medieval times except it actually takes skill to succeed in this game. A must buy.
76561198047012549,Recommended,219640,7580041,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Darklunarninja,Shut up and take my money!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,8953910,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Snafu,"This game is made up of a bunch of kids that use the cheapest class to kill everyone, don't play it it is 100% unbalanced"
76561198054331456,Recommended,219640,5700398,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,Dr.Wolfenstien,overall the game was really fun i liked going around slashing peoples heads off and such but i found that playing as the archer was quite difficult. I think that they could fix it and make it more easy to use that class.
,Recommended,219640,8957533,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,The Eyris,have fun whilst crushing skulls!
,Recommended,219640,8958500,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,FourBearsStrong,"Chivalry is filled with Yelling, Blood, Amputation and shiny weapons. Mostly yelling. This title is extremly addictive and satisfying once as you get a hang of it. If i ever got in to a fight with medival weapons I bet this is how it would feel."
76561198086923829,Recommended,219640,8958569,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Sнιηυ 🀄,"This game is pretty fun with all the maps,weapons,and arena mode. plus  it is  SO EPIC when you use your chant will charging into battle WHO CANT RESIST THAT IT IS SO EPIC IMAGINE THAT over all this a very desent game and you should by it."
,Recommended,219640,8849689,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Halo,All I do is press C when playing as a Samurai10/10
,Recommended,219640,8849971,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,PointxFive,"I find this game to be frustrating at times but around that it's some good fun, very entertaining. I'd reccommend anyone to play it, it has a bit of a grace period where you have to kinda learn how to play, and the tutorial helps out with that, but I will admit I didn't play the tutorial until I was bored one day and by then I knew everything it presented to me. definitely worth the money."
,Not Recommended,219640,8850765,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,[HG] Father,"Very fun... if it ♥♥♥♥ing works. Too bad the game is broken and the developer apparently wants to spend more time coding new ♥♥♥♥♥♥ armor for us to buy instead of fixes. When I first played this game, all the weapons unlocked immediately, bypassing all the achievements and what not. It didn't bother me too much, until I reinstalled my OS, and had to reinstall the game. NOW the game doesn't allow me to us anything BUT the base weapons, and ONLY the base weapons. All the unlocks are permanently locked, no matter how many kills I get, and I've come to learn that not only am I not the only person with this problem, but that this has been a thing for over 3 months and Torn Banner hasn't don't♥♥♥♥♥♥about about it. Disgraceful, they should be ashamed of themselves to be peddling out new things while neglecting FULLY RELEASED products."
,Recommended,219640,8852459,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,[Zeus] Ambrose,This game is too good for none of my friends to have it. Buy this game. Now. Eh. WoW.
,Recommended,219640,8849802,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,HotDoggo,"HACK'N'SLASH GORE IS FUN.It's pretty much tf2, but just a worse game and no guns/not as much class diversity. Can still be lots of fun with a group of friends."
,Not Recommended,219640,8853181,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,gamer girl... and she has feet,"There might be something wrong with my game, but I have almost NEVER been able to get into a game. It's either I can't connect to the host or I just can't get in a game in general. Sure the game is alright, but PLEASE fix the servers. Once again, it might just be my computer, or I'm going insane."
,Recommended,219640,583491,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,waffletit,"Even in the buggy and unbalanced state this game currently is in, it's simply the best first-person multiplayer experience I have had since Tribes 2.  Can't put it down."
76561198050938600,Recommended,219640,5506032,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,your-liver,amazingly epic game
,Recommended,219640,8856946,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Dr. Leh,Do you want to behead your enemies? Of course you do! Play this!
76561198038245546,Recommended,219640,8859445,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Rekkur,Very Fun and hard game to get used to and not die.
,Recommended,219640,8859608,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Mr._Toggle,best game ever
76561198039343380,Recommended,219640,7580121,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,MrBaman,"Chivalry is a very well made game, from fantastic graphics to superb gameplay. Being good at this game takes a lot of practice and at the start you are most likely going to die a lot. There is also a tutorial mode to teach you about the four classes, combat, and seige weapons, which is good considering how much there is to it. All of this makes it well worth $25."
,Recommended,219640,8862245,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Captain Ratmouse,Most fun I've had with an action game.
76561197967437065,Recommended,219640,8863597,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,NYPD  MONNEY,"See poeple, say hello, then smash them to bits.  What else can you ask for."
,Recommended,219640,5022402,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,DazWassup,"I've dealt out nearly 300 hours on this game. The combat system is amazing; the voice acting, even better. For 7 bucks it a total steal.There is a bit of a learning curve but once you get over it, you will have so much fun."
,Recommended,219640,1966147,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,Populus,MEDIEVAL COMBATSCREAMINGSHOUTINGBLOOD AND GUTS FLYING EVERYWHEREOH GOD THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,219640,4151194,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,[IHC] Yenski,"A great medieval FPS, not to be confused with that other title with Chivalry in the name."
,Recommended,219640,5413673,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Pancake_Hunter,Combat is Yum. So much Fun.
,Recommended,219640,3491165,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,ZRENO_,"Oh man, this is a whole lot more fun than I ever thought it would be."
,Recommended,219640,1082501,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,Palidore,"I'll start by saying it's a little rough around the edges currently in terms of polish, however as a total package, Chivalry is a really nice multiplayer game— especially for fans of the medieval theme.Like many great multiplayer games out there, Chivalry is something that's easy enough to pick up, but hard to master.  Combat in this game is deceptively deep, which proved to be a pleasant (albeit frustrating initially) surprise to me based on my premature impressions.  Going into a fight flailing a weapon won't cut it in most situations.  Timing plays a huge part both offensively and defensively, and learning how to play the different classes and effectively utilizing and countering each weapon in the arsenal  is imperative to success.So if you're a fan of multiplayer combat games and are looking for something fresh and unique from your everyday shooter, Chivalry is a good buy, and something that can provide countless hours of entertainment with the promise of free content patches in the future as well."
,Recommended,219640,6623540,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Calynxx,"Buggy as high ♥♥♥♥, but a load of fun to play."
,Recommended,219640,9638889,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Gry_Wlf,"Very Fun.  Total excitement.  Very hard core PVP.  Some people take the game too seriously.  But once you get into it, there is nothing better then seen a guy thrown to the side right after you take his head off.  Or drop to the ground after losing a leg.  I think we need more first timers.  We need more people to see how great this game is and expand our player list."
,Recommended,219640,5159398,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,Drunk Donuts,"Oh mang, it's like I actually had my head lobbed off."
,Recommended,219640,9837193,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,JacKuhLacK,Best game I ever played.  Great engine.  Had to have spend a lot of time on this project.  It really is like COD but in sword style.
,Recommended,219640,1183014,"Posted: 23 October, 2012",all,Gobbu,"This game is insanely fun, skill based, and flat out hilarious all at once."
76561198036187789,Recommended,219640,9837758,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,seraph occidio,"I give this game 4 missing limbs, out of 5."
76561197993155669,Recommended,219640,9838938,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Sp00ky Ravioli,"I EXTREMELY RECOMMEND THIS ! .. it has blood and gore you want in a sword game and does not take a toll on your pc, plenty of servers and Deadliest warrior is the better version of the both"
,Recommended,219640,9839636,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,м o n s т e r,Speachless...This is a very fun game.
,Recommended,219640,9839676,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,SerieLis,"I watched many people play this game, i even tried it when it was on a free weekend.Fun to play, feel like a warrior in a medival times.Brutal, blood, taking head off, swords, bows, what else would anyone want?Really fun enjoyed it, would consider to anyone who like mediveal times to buy."
,Recommended,219640,9841898,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,MagicBurrito,almost perfect.
76561198067261492,Recommended,219640,9842573,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Poon-Tang Raider,"this is such an amazing game, i dont have many hours because i dont get alot of time to play the pc but when i do this is the game i come to, so fun, so challenging and great to screw around on, you do get annoying players and bugs but they are quickly resolved, i would recommend this game to just about any one who is into first person melee combat games, it has alot of fun♥♥♥♥♥♥to do and if you play with your mates, this game can satisfy you and your mates for about 48 hours, then you will probally need sleep, 10/10 would recommend"
76561198009999045,Recommended,219640,9566855,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Sundown,"All about hacking and slashing and gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥other players but aside from that has one of the nicest communities i have experienced in a game.When playing one on one duals in a multiplayer server everone waits thier turn and bows before fighting, it really impressed me."
76561197973052448,Not Recommended,219640,614171,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,Blacken,very buggy and abuser friendly gamemechanic
,Recommended,219640,9602681,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Oprah,A game for only the manliest of men.....C.O.D and BF players need not apply.
76561198063585456,Recommended,219640,6317031,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Tsahbalala Shamalamadooby Senpai,best medieval hack & slash!
,Recommended,219640,6975505,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,▲▲▲,
,Recommended,219640,6788869,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,The kid that everyone hates,Awsome and realistic
76561198065057321,Recommended,219640,6381367,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Tux,Probably The Best First Person Medieval Game You Will Find. Highly Recommended
76561198089666763,Recommended,219640,7164905,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Dancho,medieval awesomness
,Recommended,219640,3348130,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Boogie in your butt,Getting all the wenches.
76561198092033301,Recommended,219640,7200696,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,BigDaveB37,sick...
76561198020705995,Recommended,219640,3316668,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,Vermilion,"A deliciously fun limb chopping, blood splattering, first person combat game. Deep combat mechanics where blade on blade fights are fast paced and hilariously deadly. As the title of the game suggests, this game is all about ""chivalry"" . Ganging up on lone individuals,  stabbing enemies in the back while swinging into team mates is ok. But the moment you feint be prepared for the whole server to scorn and excommunicate you like they did in the Middle Ages!   Also the title suggests ""medieval warfare"".  Team objectives include burning  and pillaging villages, killing peasants, besieging castles, spreading the plague and slaying kings. A great game whether you be a  Nerd Lord or Casual Peasant  I verily recommend thy game.  If you don't like this game then I am going to run you through then next will be your mother!"
,Recommended,219640,2501884,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,Odin,Many of the gameplay mechanics lack the flair and polish of a Paradox title like War of the Roses or Mount and Blade but there is still a thrill and a sense of satisfaction as your claymore severs head from torso. Honestly the game needs to work on the unlock system and offer more weapon choice to avoid the whole team playing spear vanguard. Yhe first person perspective may be a little off putting to people who have played WOTR or M&B you do grow accustomed to it... even if the lack of peripheral vision gets you killed more often than fighting an enemy who actually knows what he is doing!A good addition to the collection for a fan of the genre but ultimatly if you had to pick between this and WOTR I would highly recommend WOTR. Otherwise there is a new Mount & Blade not too far around the corner!
,Recommended,219640,461784,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,MadShadow,Fun and very stabby stabby and smashy smashy which generates quite a flair for violance and gallons of blood.
76561198009698996,Not Recommended,219640,9084317,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Dodes,Do not mention this game in my presence or I will slip into a despariing pit of regret.
76561198052204069,Not Recommended,219640,9085177,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Lady Forlorn,dis game is clearly designed for fgts. only fgts should play it. but for dem its awesome.
,Not Recommended,219640,9085223,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,noice,"The game seems a lot less silly than the mod, which was the main appeal for me. I don't find myself playing this one much."
76561198035329420,Recommended,219640,9088528,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,America,"Hell yeah, way underrated, get this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,9088800,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Sterlorx,KAGARY
76561198002865429,Recommended,219640,2137956,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Crichton,"It's like call of duty in the middle ages. It's quite exhilarating to pick up your long sword or giant mace, don whatever armor pleases you and run at the enemy screaming blood murder like a maniac and watch heads go flying and limbs float along in the nearby river. Quite gory and just as satisfying."
,Recommended,219640,2412358,"Posted: 16 January, 2013",all,TheDai,Did I just hack that guys head off? Awesome!
,Recommended,219640,20168796,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ferrum,this is sparta!!!
76561198157932660,Recommended,219640,20160801,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,An Unoriginal Username,Awesome Game. Love when someone's head is Chopped off.
,Not Recommended,219640,20160982,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,arbingordon,it's like rock paper scissors meets csgo skin ripoffs.  some people might enjoy that.
,Not Recommended,219640,20161262,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Angularityッ,"Buy 'Mount & Blade Warband' instead. The graphics of M&B may suffer but overall the game has better combat, gamemodes, and a better community than this game does."
,Recommended,219640,20161595,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,LetsGoBoyce,havent played that much as you can see but the game has been really fun so far and for $2 on the steam sale i definetly reccomend it
,Recommended,219640,20055080,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ant1520,Best Medieval Kicking / Team Killing Simulator ever!But in all seriousness it a good game recomended
76561197973866862,Recommended,219640,20076349,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bobby,Excellent !
76561198187375150,Recommended,219640,20077115,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Cereal Killer,Chivalry is a fun game to play! Really enjoyed it and def gonna keep on playing...!
,Not Recommended,219640,20075332,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kadian,"Good game to play with friends for fun. Very bad competitive game. This game is extremely unbalanced, knight and greatsword is the only meta.4/10Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,219640,366956,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,WDF,"If you like running around with a sword and chop off limbs of your foes, you'll love this game! Just don't expect to be the hero of the battlefield on your first play, this game as a good learning curve before you can do anything usefull with your character. But once you hit the sweet spot, it's LOADS of fun!"
,Recommended,219640,20060936,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,My Parents Abuse Me,DECAPITATE YOU
,Recommended,219640,20071173,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,xhizors | Jack Hailstorm,nays game
,Recommended,219640,20062631,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ZooWee Mama!!!!,10/10
,Recommended,219640,20071931,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,✪Steeve MAaadden,Funny game!Not very good graphics but funny!^^
,Recommended,219640,20069549,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SUCK MA WEIGGLY DIYCK,Bacok Teruz :D
,Recommended,219640,20019107,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dr Wow #TF2SP,Killed the survivors of both my team and the enemies' team with one hammer swing.I got kicked immediately after.8/10 would hammer again
76561198027378219,Recommended,219640,20021726,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,dat dad way,"When I was younger I had this weird obsession with medieval warfare. This game is quite literally a godsend for people like me ( and normal people/video gamers? ) The game play is immensely fun, and despite some people being really good, the gameplay is fair and you still usually end up wrecking people regardless. Really immersive leveling system that grants newer weapons as you play the classes more. I cannot recommend this game enough. Cut off some limbs, laugh, cry, but whatever you do GET THIS GAME. Hours and hours of replayability/fun."
,Not Recommended,219640,20022480,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Archaeon,Im complete♥♥♥♥♥♥at this game and i cant join a server to improve because I always get kicked by the tryhard clan members on the casual servers. GG Chivalry.
,Recommended,219640,20022741,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mr Lions,"""If Skyrim had a Baby with Chuck Norris, this would be the result! 9/10"" - Unknown"
76561198165086382,Recommended,219640,20049386,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,V2,Such  fun!
,Not Recommended,219640,14755814,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Grim,"Save your money, this ""game"" (mod gone standalone) is just as terrible as all the toxic people that play it.The voice acting is nice, there are a good amount of weapons(although not much difference between them), and the maps aren't too bad.You get stuck on stuff on the map constantly, blocking rarely works (except the knight's tower shield, which apparently provides 360 degree defense), the overall syncing of the game is terrible, lag is infinitely more frustrating than anything I've ever played before (it's not super laggy, but even a couple millisecond change will completely ♥♥♥♥ you), you will kill your own team and be killed by your own team more than the enemy ever will, some of the weapons seem to be broken (I would have the polehammer(very long range) with the vanguard and I would have to be so close that I could lick them in order to make the hit register), the combat gets frustrating instantly between all the different factors.I'm sure there's more I left out but I'm so disappointed in the purchase that I can't even remember anything else. It's just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that should've stayed a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mod.I would not recommend this to anyone and I still really want my $12 back. I wouldn't even download/play this if they offered to pay me for it"
,Recommended,219640,17313092,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Tailor,"Very exiting, old war feeling, so good game! :)"
,Recommended,219640,17261327,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,SypherLOCO,Best Medieval first-person game I think I have ever played by far.Multiplayer active...get some.Steep learning curve.9/10
,Recommended,219640,2069016,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,Luftwaffle,"Lots of fun, takes a while to learn the basics and it's hard to master but still... And if you tried Age of Chivalry aswell you'll notice how much they've worked on this pearl!"
,Recommended,219640,6570443,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,asiandoode,This Game is Aweeesome you must buy lololololololololol
76561198181923611,Recommended,219640,17271795,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Vargrath,"This game is super fun if you are looking for a great slasher, one bad thing is you will die to teammate almost as much as enemies, but hey its a great game."
,Recommended,219640,17271871,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Un sorcier des enfers,It's a funny game to durp around with friends. You can also play it in a serious way and get really strategic. I recommand you to buy it.
76561198119621047,Not Recommended,219640,17273563,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Schick Hydro Bot,"Know what your getting into if you buy this game if you do know you can go buy it, to the people that havn't done their studying on this game allow me to explain this is a game that requires many many hours just so you can play decently i have sunk at least 10 hours in this and i still havn't managed to improve"
,Recommended,219640,17273937,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ErectileReptile,"The feel man, I like the feel of this game, everything about it makes me happy. 11/10"
,Recommended,219640,17100793,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,RJSWalker,"Fun, Bloody and Frustrating.Spam C for random raaaah horraaah and Taunts, great banter."
,Recommended,219640,17102916,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Hemming7,"I loved this game, amazingly entretaining, sweet as f. Loved that you feel like you are in a multiplayer  war scenario instead of a quest type game."
,Recommended,219640,17104694,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,The Wall,Nothing will be more satisfying than being the last one on your team and duking out in a 2v1 scenario to achieve victory in this game
76561198064625718,Recommended,219640,17108567,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Cellofellow,Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither. Come hither.
,Recommended,219640,17110751,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,feels bad man,ever wanted to be a knight ? thats the game.
76561198031532993,Not Recommended,219640,17112518,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,mslasica,best and worst game of your life
,Not Recommended,219640,17113169,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Murq,"I'll start by saying, I love this ♥♥♥♥ing game. I can't stop playing it, however, I do equate it to flogging myself; against unrealistic/broken physics and metagamer movement exploits of these failures.I don't recommend people buy it until a few key issues are addressed.Level 1-16 are a whirlwhind of fun for non-meta gamers. After you reach a certain level (takes 1-3 days), you are cast into a 'non-noob' rank pool of players. As a competent gamer, I was completely stunned by the immediate brick wall you face when you 'graduate' post lv 16. There needs to be a game-mode which enforces a HALO-style rank/matchmaking system so that players can be matched together based on an average recent skill.I've noticed there are two types of players in Chivalry: Those who play and move their character based on their perception of real life physics [and] Those who exploit the game engine's weak grasp on realistic physics. Some gamers prefer to win at all costs; even if its sprinting, jumping crouching and swinging 100 pound claymore from left shoulder to right shoulder as if it were a twig, all at the same time. To make the physics worse, the devs have decided to add a speed factor to swinging a weapon based on how fast the player can move the mouse. What you'll find is players with LOW DPI mice, huge mouse pads, spamming tons of keys, jumping, crouching, looking down and swiping their mice wildly across a huge mouse pad. The client [you, the player] cant even properly render the movement-spam these players are producing, while you're dying to a sword you didn't even see swing. It makes any logical/reaction-based sword strategy extremely difficult to execute. The developers need to implement better physics based on the gear the different classes use. Weight factor should be reduced if a player opts to carry less weapons or equipment. Remove the ridiculous fast-mouse-power-swing idea. Slow player movement down or show me videos where people can wear full body-chain mail, have a tower shield on their back, jump 5 feet in the air while crouching into a cannonball and managing to swing and hit with a claymore before they hit the ground. This isn't Call of Duty guy-.. wait..If player 'effectiveness' were ranked, there wouldn't be lopsided servers in almost every occasion.It takes me 10-30 minutes before this game becomes unbearable..Yet I keep going back."
,Recommended,219640,17114291,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,McBad,"Shouting simulator, dedicated button for yelling at friends and foes alike. Join your team mates in shouting at various things, 10/10 would scream bloody murder again"
,Not Recommended,219640,17247870,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,FW,"This game was good once-upon-a-time.I don't care who you've been talking to, devs, but no knight ever moved this slowly or fought this slugglishly. You're talking to a bit of a medieval history buff here. If it isn't broken, don't fix it. And you bloody broke it. Why remake a mod in a new engine if you're just going to charge people for it and then drop the ball? CS was a mod once. KF was a mod once. Those devs delivered and didn't drop the ball.And maybe ignore the community sometimes. No, seriously. When the fanbase doesn't know what the hell they are talking about, or have bad ideas, ignore them. Because the player base for this game isn't great, either. It's like playing COD. Nothing but a bunch of bloody 12-yos with 300 ping telelagging freaking everywhere, and the gameplay doesn't nearly make up for it anymore. A shame because this game does have cool features, even if clumsily implemented. Even if you don't know if something is realistic or not, just ask, ""does this make sense""? Should we make a class with extremely long reach also fairly fast? Possibly freaking not.The original mod would have been better than the UT3 remake if the latency and bugginess was fixed. Almost tempted to go back and play that instead. Almost.The original mod actually had more features and classes, too.Some balancing ideas don't make sense, either. Sorry, but you're not going to be one of the faster classes if you happen to be carrying around a halberd. That's not how it works.And guess what? Moving the game to a new engine didn't fix a lot of issues that should have been fixed.Yeah, the game looks good. So what? It also looks like a freaking cartoon now.Tone of the game changed completely, too.Years later, I reinstall it, I play it, and I'm sick of the fact that I can't seem to find a server where I don't call ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" every 10 seconds during a round.I have completely lost faith in your team. I have followed this game for what must be close to a decade, and you just compromised too often.Maybe I'll play Pirates vs Vikings vs Knights 2 again and see how badly THOSE devs started to break things that weren't broken. (Sigh.)"
,Recommended,219640,17250161,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,CS:STOP,"Chivalry is a fun medieval style game. The swordplay is great. There is a lot of strategy behind making sure when to swing your sword/axe/halbern/spear and when to back up. The game revolves around the very in-depth combat system, and I recommend you give it a try."
,Recommended,219640,17252957,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Generator the Gargoyle,"Any game focusing on melee combat has to deal with problems associated with hardware/ connectivity limitations, but Chivalry does a good job of solving those problems, and as of the writing of this review, it still has a large playerbase."
76561198223113976,Recommended,219640,17189592,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Thefishoverlord,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a game set in medieval times, full of people prone to seizures swinging swords at you. The game, while fun, is highly unbalanced, and full of what are known as draggers. These people are the bane of my existence, and they do a cheap move for a single point. I will reccomend this game, though the community is awful, and the game is more fun with friends. Get this on sale, people."
,Recommended,219640,65448,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,Alexander,"Quite an amazing combat experience. I would highly recommend this game for the simple enjoyment of realtime, beautifully polished, and incredibly engaging medieval experience. Age of Chivalry mod from HL2 on UT steroids.9.5/10 (some minor server crashes beat out a perfect score)"
76561198036635193,Recommended,219640,17192417,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Salad Fungus,"This game is a complete jewel, it grew on me faster than any other game i played. I may be over enthusiast on that review since i started playing a week ago. Still a good gameplay some smooth depth to to classes and their respective gimmics and roles, i definetely suggest buying and encouraging that studio. This game is fantastic."
,Recommended,219640,17193671,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Bearded Saitama,Best sword fighting game i have personally ever played!10/10
76561198077495514,Recommended,219640,15529062,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Kobee_Bryant,"You know, I've chopped off a few heads"
76561198083908170,Not Recommended,219640,17198171,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,chefflerdog,a pieace of♥♥♥♥♥♥game that onlt pieace of♥♥♥♥♥♥people play
,Recommended,219640,10912606,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,PopperCan,bloody like a recently used tampon
,Recommended,219640,16905560,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Ｆ　Ｒ　Ｉ　Ｐ　Ｉ　Ｎ　Ａ　Ｔ　Ｏ　Ｒ™,"Imagine an FPS like ""Call of Duty"" but with swords. Bad analogy but this game is great (unlike CoD IMO) and can be a bit frustrating at times (I'm bad). I still recommended this game because of its enjoyability but be prepared to curse anyone who plays an archer or a man at arms and has some skill at the game."
76561198090071521,Recommended,219640,17286863,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,[MAG] LT. Blizzard,"Chivalry Medieval warfare is a fast paced medieval action game. The first person camera allows for some gritty combat with   brutal decapitations being possible. Graphics are passable if a little lacking, but combat in this game makes up for that, as combat is easily the main focus of this game.The game is very fun and quite competitive, and overall I would give the game an 8/10"
,Recommended,219640,17288063,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Tiki,You can chop off heads with big swords.
,Recommended,219640,5973269,"Posted: 10 February, 2013",all,termis5,Great indie game 9/10 they even released a FREE content thingy that would probably be an DLC for companies like Activision or EA a huge patch bringing graphical improvements and new maps new MODES even duel 1v1 mode! absolutley a sure buy a great game!
76561198028380595,Recommended,219640,16586864,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ElleNz xGOD,Beware....this game is very realistic gruesome. Not like your mortal combats or call of duties. With that being said if you are a competitive gamer then this is the game to test your skills. Its very simplistic in nature but has a very deep learning curve. But to mind moba style gaming. Killing a opponent in this game is very satisfying. More so than any shooter I have played. Unlike shooters such as call of duty and CSGO this game has a dueling mode. So if you want to sharpen your skills before heading into another mode you have that option. Ive been playing FPS games most of my gaming life and I can tell you that this game is basically the type of game that I like.
76561198050284587,Recommended,219640,16727726,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,DabDaddy,Finally an almost full melee fp game
,Recommended,219640,16730767,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Navy CHINCHILLA,Dancing/screen dragging simulator
,Recommended,219640,3853224,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,C Cale,"Do you love fighting like a real man? Join Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, it'll be fun!"
,Recommended,219640,16731921,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ElonSpaceMusk,"This game is an interesting one to be sure. No other game I've played frustrates the hell out of me quite like this, however I enjoy every minute of it. It's not without it's issues, no game is. After a few hundred hours of this game I still come back to it time after time.It's full of intense moments where you feel as though you can't be stopped, and moments where the level of crazy is so high you don't even know what's happening anymore. It also has it's funny moments, like doing a Sparta kick off of the top of a castle wall, or watching half the battlefield succumb to a catapult.I reccomend this game to all of my friends, but I warn them that they will hate it for the first few hours they play. Untill you get used to this game, it will be one you certainly won't enjoy, but once you know what you're doing you'll never want to stop."
76561198086641418,Recommended,219640,16731942,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Thouser,love this gaem and if anyone has ever wanted to fight in a midieval time era then this game is for you! TRUST ME
,Recommended,219640,16771208,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,☯Meraculus☯,Heads will be rolling...10/10
,Recommended,219640,16771383,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,CapN,Whats not to like about this game? old school profanaty? check. Swords? check. Giant catapults? check. Arrow to the knee? double check! first person medevil carnage goodness! this game can get a bit dull playing on your own but with a group of friends hilarity and frustration will insue! worth checking out if you are looking for a fun and simple game
,Recommended,219640,16778752,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sponge,"Nothing better than hacking off the limbs of your online enemies!10/10 would hack, in a sword lopping arms off sort of sense."
,Recommended,219640,8505787,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Blyss,Lot of fun in this game ! And its harder than it looks first.
76561197999379435,Recommended,219640,8506927,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,TheAmazingTwist,Hit them with the pointy end until they all die! Lots of fun.
,Recommended,219640,8508096,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,hazrob,Amazing game :D really fun
76561198090828394,Recommended,219640,8508097,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Sonny,If you have no Teamkiller in your server. You will absolutely have fun and feel the atmosphere. This game really good.
76561198014743838,Recommended,219640,2930218,"Posted: 23 October, 2012",all,Fragile(BOPKYTA),"Производители просто решили отжать бабок на древнем движке с посредственной графой. На сервера не попасть, перевод игры со словариком...УГ полное....самая моя бестолковая покупка,,,жалею"
76561198081900411,Recommended,219640,8508424,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Ser Berinon,"Its a great game. graphics and gameplay are awesome. But you will die, alot. This game has a massive learning curve and fellow players can be both offensive bullies or good sports. deadliest warriers DLC is awesome to. love it!"
76561198085318482,Recommended,219640,8508895,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,howard the duck,i cant stop playing this game!!!!!! no really im not kidding. someone help
76561198086392536,Recommended,219640,8419335,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lux Oriens.Rush,FOR THE GLORY AND HONOR OF AGATHAAA!!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,293842,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Zakku Redwolf,"Chivalry makes Duke Nukem Forever look like a Game of the Year... Let me rephrase that. Owning Chivlary is like owning up that you♥♥♥♥♥♥people against their will, you honestly better find a new hobby if this is all you have left to go on."
,Recommended,219640,8510499,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,alaphonse,6.5/10Pro's-Enjoyable with friends in all game modes-Interesting mechanics such as swinging faster as you move your camera with the swing-Stupidly funCons-PEOPLE ONLY LEFT CLICK AND TEAM KILL ALL THE TIME-Gimped out crouch 180 overhand attacks-Hope you like bugs-nothing changes; games become stagnated-Colour palates are stupid as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,8511655,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,GAAAAAAANDAAALF!!!!!!!!,
76561198053109779,Recommended,219640,8498531,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Flask,Bloody tons of fun!
76561198059684068,Not Recommended,219640,8204308,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,CynnicalScout,"Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥it's glitchy as ♥♥♥♥ with the ""community"" making fun of you the whole way. It is terribly unbalanced in every way also. Not to mention people teleporting and everything being poorly optimized. If you get more than 1 person on you good ♥♥♥♥ing luck. Also the movement is ♥♥♥♥ed beyond everything else. In combat,your biggest enemy will be a small rock. 1/10♥♥♥♥♥♥game not worth even 8 dollars. It's not even worth a torrent."
76561198041121509,Recommended,219640,8499276,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,sanoske84,If you want to cut people down with a claymore look no further.
,Recommended,219640,8499861,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sikreci,"Your virginity breeds mice, much like a cheese!Best medieval jackassery simulator since Mount & Blade."
76561198045342287,Recommended,219640,5126090,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,MATNE.оиɐdɪиz & Friendz,saksakan brutal patayan
,Recommended,219640,8500222,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Auri,Love it for what it is even if it makes you want to eat your monitory with rage
,Recommended,219640,2515450,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Jaktmeister,Awesome
,Recommended,219640,8500872,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kingkinot2,"Awesome Game, Mechanics are well thought out, But the reset bug bums me out"
,Recommended,219640,7627275,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,𝓵𝓮𝓸 𝓹𝓱,Good face to face melee combat.My thoughts in a nutshell.
,Recommended,219640,16710931,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,BOT Vanir,Theres a part in the tutorial where you choose between Mason Order or Agatha. I joined Spectators and my head blew up and I had to redo the first part of the tutorial. 11/10 would join Spectators again
76561198137768986,Recommended,219640,16568799,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,NeededSkillz,too good
,Recommended,219640,16763944,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jbrooksdev,Medieval Shouting sim. FOUR AGATHA'S OUT OF TEN.
,Recommended,219640,16765591,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Prince,ITS JUST AMAZING !!!!
76561198043305484,Recommended,219640,16767544,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Shade,Nothing is more satisfying than crushing someone's head with the maul.10/10 would crush again.
76561198161254117,Recommended,219640,17436711,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Viper22,"Enemy team- Jesus , Neo , Ares , Drakula , BatmanMy team- Nemo , Some random kid, me(really not that good) , and a roll of toilet paperI prefer thi game if you are going to play it with friends."
,Not Recommended,219640,17435772,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,dankbacon,"Toxic comunity, lazy developers, selling comunity creations with no funds going to creator, drag queens and ping kickers. Need i say more?"
,Recommended,219640,10155151,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Don Santos,10/10 would dismember again
76561198236744966,Recommended,219640,17437888,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Rickle Pick,"Chivalry is a fun game, will not get bored of it"
,Recommended,219640,17438373,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Shen (zzz),IT GUD GAME.
76561198066573569,Recommended,219640,17443632,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Symbolic,"Extremely fun game that tests your reflexes. Once you master blocking, feints, and when to do which sword swipe it can be a very rewarding experience. The combat is pretty polished and the game in my experience is mostly bug free."
,Recommended,219640,17444198,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,ColdSteel,pure hack&slash coop.gouge your friends with medieval weaponry.
,Recommended,219640,6821526,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Omegaman,"FPS Medieval, nada mais a dizer."
76561198148723338,Recommended,219640,17445562,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,SanguumRides,Great game. Like Call of Duty with swords and arrows.
,Not Recommended,219640,17445906,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Göndülf,.
,Recommended,219640,17447343,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Keckles,"The combat is very fast paced and unforgiving, but if you're willing to learn you can pick up the game in a matter of weeks. That being said, the community and player base is quite small, so if you choose to jump in, be prepared to be stomped on by all the  players who've put in over hundreds of hours into the game already.The combat is great and intuitive, some mechanics are strange and broken, the game is occasionally buggy, but otherwise easy to run. Great game, 8/10."
,Recommended,219640,16939233,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Z3USZ61,lots of fun if you love medieval times and FPS's then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,219640,16466878,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MajorStoner,I love this game it's great. Even better with friends. Only downside is hardly any aussie servers.
76561198060183943,Recommended,219640,16944921,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,FluffySalsa,"Great game, tons of fun!"
,Recommended,219640,16949368,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Sully,Was a 1v1 in last team standing. He told me to press F10. I Did.I r8 10/10 would implode again.
76561198027044372,Recommended,219640,9205579,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Scoopy derbij?,this game is to awome for words
,Recommended,219640,9205813,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,SeverelyLtd,"The game has a rather steep learning curve, and it requires focus while you play to be good at. But if you figure out what you're good at and keep at it, it's some of the most rewarding, exhilirating, hilarious gameplay I've had the privilege to enjoy."
,Recommended,219640,667908,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,NinjaBäver,Filthy peasants!
,Recommended,219640,8154499,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,☩☂DapperWalrus☂☩,Great combat system and fun
76561198028688155,Recommended,219640,9209806,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,IAmBecomeDylan,Got my arm chopped off then kicked in the face.10/10
76561198058432950,Recommended,219640,9210463,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Peaches,The abilty to scream enhances the gameplay immensely. woulddecapitatepeasentsagain/10.
,Recommended,219640,30444440,Posted: 11 March,all,Tofu,cheap for honor but bad community server
,Recommended,219640,7690596,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,|[●▪▪●]|,"Really cool game, can be tough but good."
,Recommended,219640,9200940,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Midnight [Haise],Killed full armored bezerker with bare fists best game 10/10
,Recommended,219640,8477151,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ArcticFrenzy,"this game is a big buggy but so much fun to play, i've played 70 hours and the voice commands still make em laugh :)"
,Recommended,219640,9203293,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ZAIÐES ツ,Really good game!!
,Recommended,219640,3431758,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Mattata,I JUST LOST MY SWORD AND WAS BACKING UP WHILE A GUY RAN OUT OF ARROWS AND CAME AT ME WITH A BLOODY DAGGER. I BACKED UP PULLED OUT THROWING KNIFE AND DOMED HIM. TOO BAD THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥ACTUALLY HIT HIS DOMEPIECE.... THAT ♥♥♥♥♥S HELMET FLEW OFF AND HE STABBED ME IN THE CHEST.
,Recommended,219640,8230757,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Zyxab,Amazing first person medieval fighting game i would also recommend the dlc because its 150% better :D
,Recommended,219640,9234370,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Strumpor,Much arrow. Such knee. Very injury.
,Recommended,219640,9236157,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Kus_is_Loose,"Very Fun game, Hand to Hand combat, or archer duels. Can be frustrating when your team is terrible and getting pillaged"
76561198081841050,Recommended,219640,9244030,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Deadpool,"Who likes chopping off heads,Exploding limbs,Or just being a badass.Then this game is for you.It is a medival multiplayer online game where you can capture the flag burn down villiages.(a bit like that crappy game called COD) 8/10They have just recently uploaded  a new version called deadliest warriors.You remember that great tv show well they made it into a game"
,Recommended,219640,17376702,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,AJ,"I kicked a man into a hole, screaming ""FOR SPARTA""... 11/10 would kick again"
,Recommended,219640,18901541,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Yiga,"I personally think this game freakin' rocked.And still do. I really have no idea why other peopleget so butt-hurt about it.To me, it was like a Medieval Battleground game.. Remindedme kind of like Team Fortress 2. It's real fun. Especially forthose who actually want to have fun. Not playing competively.All the haters can go cram it, My friends and I had a great timewith this game. And we always will."
76561198015948967,Recommended,219640,18901750,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Vlad Putin likes Poutine,"After this game took more than 100hours from my life, I can only say that it wasn't wasted at all.Not only this game is great for casual gamers, but this game is also really cheap to play.The game regulary get on sale where you can buy it for 5 to 10 dollars.There is also a DLC available. I didn't play much to this DLC but it was fun and the fight mechnics where a bit more fast-paced and complex (does not do the same damage when you hit at different swing length etc...).Overall this game is fun and I do recommend it."
76561198066323312,Recommended,219640,18904828,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,kmilan23,Very addictive.Strongly recommend.
76561198258417044,Recommended,219640,18903566,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,chuck norris,THIS IS A GREAT GAME PROBABLY MY ALL TIME FAV.
,Recommended,219640,18886039,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,David_Armstrong1988,I recommend this game for everybody who wants a medieval warfare simulation which makes fun. This is the best game of this genre. 10/10!For the KING!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,7429547,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Sparrow,Nah not fun anymore
76561197999436872,Recommended,219640,18919421,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Will,"An absolutely fantastic game...I've nearly sank 1,000 hours into it. I probably wouldnt play this game nearly as much if I couldnt mash a button that had my character yelling in a frantic rage as Im charging towards the enemy.For you new players, the combat will take some time to get down...you will have to put some time in to learn the range of weapons and exactly what they can do.10/10 would press ""C"" while running."
76561198057927405,Not Recommended,219640,18911375,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Bashar al-Assad,"The Game modes feel very boring and the team never cooperates to accomplish the goals, you just run in get a kill or two and then die. You don't have to adjust your blocking to someone else's attack and it does not feel like epic battles with so small servers. I would recommend purchasing Mount and Blade: Warband if you want an attack system wich actually makes combat interesting. And battles that doesn't feel like small skirmishes."
,Recommended,219640,4723037,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,tiff92,"The craziness in this game amazes me, I have played this so much and I have not had it for very long. Great Game 10/10 would rate again"
,Not Recommended,219640,18899216,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Cairo,"Fun until you get past rank 15, then everyone becomes god-teir at the game and giant *** at the same time. Waste of $25."
,Not Recommended,219640,18900215,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Bakernatorz,"I bought this during the 2015 summer sales after wanting to try it out for some time, it was great fun playing in all the 0-15 rank servers learning the game and being a knight and all that. Then i reached rank 16 and joined a normal server and lost all interest in the game, there is no mid-game at all so you get thrown in with all the high rank players who know how to abuse the fighting mechanics to the point where its no fun at all."
,Recommended,219640,18902595,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,YoungAndretheGiant3000,This game is da best. #getplaysed
,Recommended,219640,18893821,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Snookguy,"I've never had so much fun dying, this game is ferking great!"
76561198039321425,Recommended,219640,18879990,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Jota,NIce game.
76561198196918785,Recommended,219640,18862969,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,huntstheman,"""Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is like the CS:GO of medieval times!""-Obama""It will make you wish that you hadn't spent your life in the modern world, and instead spent it in the medieval times!""-Jake From State FarmPROS+Great combat system+Addictive+Interesting teams+Cool classes+Feel badass+Modded lobbies for a variety of gamemodes (My favorite is Giant Slayers where you start small, and the more you kill the bigger you get)CONS-Archers can kill you easily-Repetative missions-Sometimes unfair (hard to kill knights if you are a spearman)OVERALL9/10Fun, addictive, interesting, deep. But can get annoying, be repetative, and unfair."
76561198100938988,Recommended,219640,18867428,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,The Liquor,"Its a good game for just dicking around and having fun in, you'll get the occasional hardcore player who doesn't want to have any fun, but overall it is perfect for painting happy little clouds with blood."
76561198079687375,Recommended,219640,6929654,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Wmd1812,"Play it, its carnage and awesome"
76561198069617337,Recommended,219640,18883436,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,DatHuskyL,Best game ever
,Recommended,219640,18865590,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,HammyMcHam,I dont know yet.
,Not Recommended,219640,18808652,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Bob the T-rex,"i may not have played long but i honestly never had a good time in a single game the whole community is more toxic the Nuke in CS and i personally hated the game mechanics the only thing that felt right was the archer everything else uses swords and the play is so chunk and divided the only reason i think its really called a ""sword fight"" is because of the swords"
,Not Recommended,219640,18834965,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,wkwf,"i really like the idea behind chivalry. going outside of the usual concept of FPS shooter, and embrace the concept of medieval warfare combat. it has a potential of being a really fun game.but until all the bugs is flatten out and performance issue is cleared. i can't recommend this game. game is laggy, even at 50ms Ping. there's some weird glitches here and there. all of which really make the gameplay unenjoyable. i really want to like chivalry, but i can't"
76561197968419768,Recommended,219640,14941145,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Blackbonsai,Best game to play with 2 people on 1 keyboard and mouse
,Recommended,219640,18623208,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,GoodGuyVargVikernes,I have heard many bad reviews with this game recently and i cant really disagree with alot of them.HOWEVER many of these bad(thumbs down) reviews are FALSE here are the points where this game is good at:-1.competitive=This game is not your typical hack and slash this game is rather complex which is a bad or good thing depend on the player. I personally like this as it make the game more entertaing however this isnt for everyone.2.Community=Alot of people say that the community are a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.In my experience this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Tmost player a pretty okay and i dont really have a problem with them.3.Optimization=I have a pretty good pc and I can get 60 fps on all high settings.However I do not recomment this game to someone who has a old pc or a normal laptop.If you do have a good pc HOPE RIGHT IN!TL;DRGOOD ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. DONT COMPLAIN ON STUPID THING YOU HALF WITI would rate this game 9/10
76561198021896928,Not Recommended,219640,18625379,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Sachy,"joining a game. first of all i died by my team mate. spawn again, a spartan in my team charges at me and killes me. Best game ever 10/10If u wanna play with 12 year old kids, then this game is for you (y)"
,Recommended,219640,18625495,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,✯ Sam ✯,Neutral feeling about this gameIn this game there are 2 types of serversLow level servers 1-15 ( High population filled with fair or sometimes easy players)High level servers 15-30 ( Low population and mostly filled with skilled and difficult players)Well once you reach level 15 then its goodbye game since the high level servers are mostly empty and you cant join the low level servers since your level is too high to join. I use to laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off when i saw teammates accidentally killing each other when i first started playing this game but now i dont know why but this has lost its mojo on me. Overall its a fun and great game at first but later on it gets boring. Try to buy it on 80% discount because thats the price this game is worth to me.(Sigh) This game was fun while it lasted :(
,Recommended,219640,18645159,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,shh.. the cups R talking,"By far probably one of the most entertaining multiplayer FPS games I've ever played.It's like Counter-Strike with swords.-Decapitatioin-Dismemberment-Battle Cries-Blood and GoreThis game has everything a medieval game should have and more.The class and weapon varierty is unique, and simple. Love it.I have recommended it to many friends.But the thing is, all in all, might not be worth $25.I paid $5 for it during a sale; best $5 I've ever spent on Steam.9.5/10 maybe lower the price a tad.Outstanding game."
76561198136333371,Not Recommended,219640,18645166,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Special Edd,"The game would be fun if there was a better comunity, theres nothing but high leaveled players that one hit you.  No fun for people just starting out :(  Wasted my money."
76561198129396280,Recommended,219640,26083160,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Jumper,"If you want to f.ck her right in to he pu$$yWell, buy this game :3"
76561198065927652,Recommended,219640,18560167,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Painless,i like it!
,Recommended,219640,923323,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Sexy McCree,I'm Lord McFistyCuffs
76561198065866242,Recommended,219640,18558308,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Aogawa,I like to stab people in the butt
,Recommended,219640,18558376,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Merafil,Welcome to beheading simulator
,Recommended,219640,18558393,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Chain978,"FUN, PHYSICS SUCK BUT FUN, HEAVY ARMOR = SPEED? HEAVY WEAPON = FAST SWINGS? DAGGER VS WARHAMMER, WARHAMMER JUST AS FAST SWINGS"
76561198010925662,Recommended,219640,18558659,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Flesh_Eater,i love turning peoples heads into red cherries with the maul. AWESOME
,Recommended,219640,18558679,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Thots Begone,It's good fun until you realize that you're killing your teammates.
76561197988930413,Recommended,219640,18558822,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Keine,2 guys have been at it for minute now.I run to them with a war hammer and get a double decapitation.10/10
,Recommended,219640,18559154,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Can Man,I love this game but the free weekends really kill the servers i coulden't even play this weeked because all the servers where full or my ping was too high i also think they need more central us server because they are allways full anyways.
,Recommended,219640,9072811,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Gentleman Christmas,"This game is plenty of fun, and is the only one where you have the satifisfaction of decapitating people and crushing heads in. Definately worth a play.8 / 10"
,Recommended,219640,9057986,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Blackbeard™,Cause you know... WHY NOT??
,Recommended,219640,2149545,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,Ξ₭ΙŁǤØɌΞ,"A very fun game with realistic melee combat moves and a huge variety of medieval weapons. However, this game can get very difficult and frustrating because of the way the game works. DONT PLAY IF YOU RAGE BAD"
,Recommended,219640,9061140,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,MtnDewSwag420Durritos,I don't remember buying this game
,Recommended,219640,9062929,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Peacerer,Despite crapload of bugs still fun game. Wish Torn Banner didn't sell their soul in the name of more $$$.
,Recommended,219640,1969566,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,[OMLT] Tailypo,"It's probably the best Medieval themed single combat game I've ever played. Primarily a FPS (First-person slasher), the game features a handful of game types, both team and free-for-all. Classes range from the ranged Archer to the lumbering Knight, and each class has an arsenal of unlockable weapons (primary, secondary, etc.). The combat system is actually pretty deep, though that sometimes gets lost with players online frantically swinging from side to side with no sense of strategy, but don't let that stop you from picking up this awesome game. Great fun with friends or solo. Also, it has a button solely dedicated to screaming battle-cries. What's not to love?"
76561197974865198,Recommended,219640,667812,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Hobo,"Its good natured, loving british tea time.....oh yes and dont forget the selling point of this game which keeps bringing everyone back for more, SCREAMING AAAAHHHH#!@%@$^@^Y@^@$% T AFWSAFHAFHAHAHH"
,Recommended,219640,9125190,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Bladera,This Game..... Wow You have to play it! Its Been an awesome game to me and always will be. Also 64 people battles. What do you think about COD now!
,Recommended,219640,7411410,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Natty Pack,"Fun game, but the Physics and Hitting System are odd."
76561198072572480,Recommended,219640,9126819,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Dimitri,awesome game
,Recommended,219640,9127367,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Tyzlous,"If you like decapitation, penetration (NoHomo),slaughter and complete mayhem?You should buy this game, and maybe the DLC Deadliest warrior incase you want to switch styles, from vanguard to maybe a Ninja... An infinite amount of pure ownage.Good luck..."
,Recommended,219640,9127926,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,The Borderman,Great game
,Recommended,219640,9129654,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Raeth,"A hilarious and fun game. While the combat is challenging and chaotic, nothing says hilarious like playing with friends IRL or in voice chat and mashing the ""scream"" button while charging into glorious combat.The core game itself isn't super impressive, but it's decent overall. For those of you who like competitive, team objective-based arena brawls with kill leaderboards, you'll find lots of enjoyment here. However, it gets quickly repetitive, and there's no story or single player to it.Definitely recommended if you catch it on a good deal, maybe under $10. Probably not worth full price, though."
,Not Recommended,219640,8640620,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ramen,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a fun and exsiting take on a fps game.With 4 classes and a big arsenal of weapons, maps and game modes.Sadly all this is over shadowed by bugs and slow framerate issues, that makes the game unplayable on all my current systems(AMD/AMD and Intel/Nvidia systems).Verdict:Don't buy, this game is riddled with bad code."
,Recommended,219640,9116052,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Volca_,Very intense fluent combat that is very enjoyable.
76561198025492901,Recommended,219640,9121586,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,shardik,its a ♥♥♥♥ing blood bath. nothing like killing each other in close combat with big sharp weapons.
,Recommended,219640,9106534,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,JuanWangToRuleThemAll,Time to chop some heads!! And get shot by those damn archers ...
,Recommended,219640,9109249,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Small Kids Are Just Speed Bumps,"A little clunky, but medieval warfare has never looked better.Fun and challenging gameplay! Fun weapons. Fun maps."
76561198069862270,Recommended,219640,6591454,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,Sloth_King,♥♥♥♥ing Good
,Not Recommended,219640,9104823,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Glitterous,REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD REMOVE VAG GUARD. Thanks.
,Recommended,219640,10941905,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Backis,"First of all, this game is so hard to learn!But always remember that nothing comes easy, if you want to make the difference in battle you'll need to spend hours upon hours and countless of chopped limbs! :DA must have game!"
76561198019359678,Recommended,219640,3239783,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Dick McCocksworth,"An epic game. A good melee combat system involving a variety of different tactics and ways to play. Lots of gore and chopping of limbs make the game extremely satisfying and fun to play. The game has good developers making new content and updates for the game all of the time, and the depth and variety presented by the multiple maps and game modes keep the game's multiplayer interesting for a long time. If you're into any kind of medieval stuff you will not be disappointed by your purchase if you choose to buy this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,219640,10943157,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,OliverCrooks,"The game is super fun however its been out since Oct 16, 2012 and there are two huge annoying bugs in this game. First one is when you pick a team you dont spawn and are stuck in spectator mode. Second one team will win and the round wont end until the winning team tk's themselve. I dont know how the game has been out 2 years and this isnt fixed."
,Recommended,219640,10943459,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,v4f4n7,"After few hours very entertaining game requiring training and skill which is quite refreshing in these days. I need more gaming hours for  athorough review but so far I would definitely recommend this game as  a fun multiplayer ""timekiller""."
76561197984854794,Recommended,219640,10943484,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jeevers,"A lot of fun. Combat is difficult but rewarding, and gory. Some of the best pvp action you can find out there right now."
76561198040143017,Recommended,219640,10944045,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Demg0nz,This games pretty funny. Heads flying all over the place.
76561197974642134,Recommended,219640,10944556,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CaiNe,Buy this game and lets play. It's fantastic.
76561198047554577,Recommended,219640,10944993,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ed3291,get this game when its on sale not when its $25 its not worth itif you get this game for $10 or less (both chivalry and deadliest warrior) get it!you can read other reviews that are more in depth im just going to tell you the bad but i do recomend itbug 1: even though the round has ended it never advances forceing you to quitbug2: mostly on deadliest warrior when you try to join a game the game freezesBad 1: learning curvebad 2: some games can last forever like 40mins to 1hr (personaly)this review will be updated the more i play I will only post the bugs and badwalrus approved 8.5/10
,Recommended,219640,10945847,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gn4rks,Super fun...
,Recommended,219640,10946998,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,chilimambo,"If feel the need to play something a bit more in-your-face-and-personal, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,219640,10947846,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Just Chugged Four Beers,BLOODY FUN!
76561198065039439,Recommended,219640,10902093,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Asian Jake Paul,ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
76561198093454832,Recommended,219640,10948591,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SloppyJ,This is my go-to game to play when I'm on my PC. Tons of fun and it never gets old.
76561198167686193,Not Recommended,219640,16317280,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Triceracop,utter♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,219640,12402282,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Permobilryttare B),Blocking system is the worst i have ever seen
,Recommended,219640,17086914,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,WinterHasCome,Decapitate Simulator10/10
76561198115061106,Recommended,219640,17087554,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,dino1902,"What you want to be-King ArthurWhat you will be-The Black Knight""Tis but a scratch.""Archer-class who can't shootMen at arms-class who can't surviveVanguard-Jack and JillKnight-I am heavyweapons guy, and this is my Sword! [Miss] Aaaargh!"
,Recommended,219640,14759276,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,JustBeibs,This game is a very fun game to play alone or with firends and if your´e looking into buying this game read what i will explain.The reason i enjoy this game is pecose its fun the grahpics are amazing and even on tghe lowest grahpics its still alot better that most games.If you like pvp and mevial times this game is for you.Cons or the bad things in the game.For most computers even some gaming computers it may still lag on medium grhapics its not your´e computer its the players or bots for some reason all the blood and gore at the same time cause the small lag and the lag isnt the best when your`e trying to defeat a player and more people come near you and you start lagging.Second reason is the maps if you like siege maps with tall walls where you defend the castle well this game dosent have that option it has and opiton for siege but no camping oin walls so yeah maybe its my mistake for not looking threw all the maps but this far i havent seen andy option.So yeah if you like medival stuff get this game the lag wont bother you that much just turn the graphics down the game will still look good and if i had to rate this game it would be 8/10
,Recommended,219640,17092419,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ALGORITHM CONSULTANT,"It's fun, but I'm not very good at it, so I don't think I'm the best one to judge it. Still fun though."
,Recommended,219640,17097295,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,SmashingMatt,Shouting Simulator
76561198008145269,Recommended,219640,17097557,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Sam13lfc,Feint feint drag feint drag drag feint drag feint archer drag feint archer drag feint feint feint archer9/10
76561198032222475,Recommended,219640,17098413,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,wow,got my head chopped off but the camera kept rolling with my head and you can't say super mario 64 had that featureor can yousend mod link please or else I keep with my decision on this upvote
76561198091961745,Recommended,219640,17040435,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,84 Days until Christmas,it's a hard but fun game
76561198024825956,Not Recommended,219640,17080964,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Patto_1991,way too easy for desktop warriors to kick people
,Recommended,219640,17082026,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Anjinakin,This game is really proper for players that indulge Middle Ages. I have sometimes exciting battles. Weapons are at a high level but option with buying for real money something for a better playing after I bought this game is not good enough in my opinion. Anyway I would recommend to buy this game.
,Recommended,219640,17085474,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Brutality,A+ its super duper cool
76561198039428114,Recommended,219640,17085656,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Nubynuberson,ITS BADA**!
,Recommended,219640,16953650,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,mrnrugby,The first hour or so of getting used to everything is slow. But after that it is one of the most addicting games I've played in a while. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,219640,16954006,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ninjacapo,best teamkilling simulator to datein all seriousness it's pretty fun if you're willing to put in the time to learn how to play it. it takes some practice (lord knows i suck♥♥♥♥♥at it) but it's pretty rewarding to crush heads and chop off limbs and whatnot. very decent game: you should probably try it
,Recommended,219640,16940267,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,AUGEST AMES,VERY FUN GAMEI LIKE SWORDS
76561197998571349,Recommended,219640,16954938,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Hunter.S.Thompson,"I will chop your head off and then teabag you.ARGHHHHHHHHHHHH SCREAMS ACROSS THE BATTLEFIELD.If you don't own this game, you haven't lived."
76561197992523063,Recommended,219640,16957925,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Stochher,Heads can be chopped.. worth
,Recommended,219640,16961242,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,d0ct0rp1zz4,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
,Recommended,219640,5039197,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,I MrPeachie I,buy it
,Recommended,219640,16933688,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Marczev,Game is simply Glorious.But its problematic when u play against high rank players.
76561197960286160,Recommended,219640,8215307,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,plexman,Stupidly fun with friends!Simple and hard to master at one.
76561198153078197,Recommended,219640,16924334,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,SuperWood,"Wow, good game. Much blood, such gore."
,Recommended,219640,16925663,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,defmote,Was easy to install mods for minecraft with this.
,Recommended,219640,16926539,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Dr_inquisitor,Add A Story Mode To Chivalry Medivel Warfare PLEASE
76561198160154297,Recommended,219640,16928120,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Satan,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OatAcPIyPyg10/10 could not stop playing and died from hunger
,Recommended,219640,8183141,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Rabjib,Probably a good game
76561198185539675,Not Recommended,219640,16932516,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Brockmcframer,"this game glichty, this game is laggy to the point OF UNPLAYABILITY. I thought the lag was from my connection but even with 44 ping which is  considered amazing for this game i was lagging like no tommorow.I brought this game for like 2 bucks when its usually 30 and i still regret buying it because terraria was also going for 2 bucks at the time."
,Recommended,219640,16933005,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Jackabear,-Smashed someones head in-Gets hit-Flees because low health-Regenerates in corner-Stone from sling hits head from a literal♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of miles away-Dies miserabelly8/8
76561198046712669,Recommended,219640,16950116,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Mayor of Wankington,Kaalikas
76561198003856803,Not Recommended,219640,16951105,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,NeoGeo,Game freezes whenever server finishes. on a MAC version.. Can you guys work on this?
76561198023420475,Recommended,219640,3477705,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Paranormalcactus,redux of my chivalry medieval warfare/deadliest warrior reviewwhat is this game? its a medieval fpslash n hack arena game (with third person mode if thats not your thing)the run down-pros:customization. theres a nice level of customization though i feel it could be deeper gigity.the graphics. should please even the saltiest of graphic based persons (it is unreal after all)the gameplay. is fun as hell i think my hours can attest to that its simplistic to learn but hard to master.the balance. was pretty decent last time i checked which was a long time ago mind you (archers are probabaly the most annoying trolliest class ever)the player base. is somewhat active on the base game less so on deadliest as of this review update id get it when its on sale.if youve ever wanted a samurai to fight a knight then deadliest warrior expansion is for you.there is a objective based mode for those who dont care for the slaughter fest that makes up for 95% of this game.middle:the deadliest warrior expansion is the same game but more focused on arcade coimbat rather then tactical. it also sports samurais vikings knights spartans ninjas and pirates fighting each other in a arena. (so if you ever wanted a samurai to fight a knight or a pirate to fight a ninja then deadliest warrior is for you if you dont mind the arcady feel)cons:as stated above archers are annoying as hell only topped by the pirates in deadliest warrior i dont even know why they are in the game.anti ailaising is always on so if your cpu cant handle anti ailaising dont bother with this game.very grindy if your trying for vet helmets.this game is ridden with cosmetic microtransaction (so bassically if you want the fancier aesthetics then you gotta pay dem money because f#ck trying to earn them right? i mean you pay 20-35$ just to play the game and now you gotta pay up to 100$ for cosmetics?)just a personal con but the ninja and pirate in deadliest warrior is squishy as hell (seriously a couple of hits from a knights claymore or a samurais katana/nodachi and hes done like megaman)the deadliest warrior customization is lacking a lot of content from the base game and needs a massive content update.only the viking can dual wield.weapon variety in deadliest warrior is lacking greatly for most classes.so would i recommend this game? well at full price yes but only if you like hack n slashers. at half off i wanna say yes. and remember if you dont like it refund it.
76561197998675728,Recommended,219640,17396338,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Spijackled,Great game super fun first person ish hack and slash type game. cant get enough once you swing a longsword and take out three people. woops one of em was friendly =p
76561198081515244,Not Recommended,219640,17402258,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Inspector_Who,KInda fun but gets frustrating when the hit boxs are not registering or that a hit box on a teammate is huge and you hit them with your backswing of a sword yet the enemy right infront of you is untouched.  This can be a really fun game if they just finish making it!Right now its a negative review but if they fix the game it will be positive (wouldn't pay more than $5 after they fix it though)
,Recommended,219640,17402662,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Salid,"This game is pretty good to sink a ton of hours into, especially with modded/custom map servers. For the price, or it's price on sales, this game is amazing. The game is rather buggy, but they don't get in the way of you playing the game, but rather, they are actaully pretty funny (people standing on one leg after you kill them, dead bodies stretch for some reason, sometimes it will look like people are floating around looking like Jesus, and getting hit by a ballista will fling your body across the whole map).Still, this game is definetly a 10/10."
76561197963807858,Recommended,219640,7626016,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,floogy,It's a head choppin' good time.
,Recommended,219640,18490781,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,HCEG_Kro,yes just yes
,Recommended,219640,18491319,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Kernel Panic,It's great. It's fun. It dies and gets boring quickly. Worth the cash for a good number of hours.
76561198048736247,Recommended,219640,18497012,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Soft & Lilly,Hammer time
,Not Recommended,219640,18497035,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Con Gà Bé Bé,"If you are not in US or Sing, you should consider ""Lag issue"", even if you can play well with the lag , people tend to kick players have > 100p."
76561198108164768,Recommended,219640,18497052,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,MrMagicalTouch,I played this game for free on my friends PC. Most amazing sword fighting game ever.
,Recommended,219640,18497159,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Borvado,"very good, wish i had bought it a long time ago."
,Recommended,219640,352285,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,Jetman123,"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! (Great fun, an absolute blast!)*slash slash hack slash slash slash pant wheeze wheeze pant* (Melee combat is incredibly exciting and adrenaline fueled.)...AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! (Fabulous way to waste a weekend. Buy it!)"
76561198162875322,Recommended,219640,18498627,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Robert Downey Jr.,"This game is very fun. if you played any of the Elder scrolls, there is a good chance you will like this one. blood, gore what more can you hope for. Beg your mom or who ever you need to to get money for this game. Because you want to"
76561198083264899,Recommended,219640,15325517,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,自分を愛する,I killed my teams king and didn't get kicked 10/10
,Recommended,219640,8520959,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Nukuls,"I kinda wish there was a 'meh' option for reviews, cause this is a 'meh' game.  The game has it's quirks, most are just funny, but there is a huge issue with the community.  All the highranking players that were actually skillful in this game have left, leving only spammers and exploiters.  The devs won't do anything about this, and i cant blame them, they make way too much money to have to put out a really tough fix.  This game is fun with friends, but you need to find the right servers.  Modded modes are great, and the DLC is just cosmedic, not unbalanced weps, another plus.  I would only get this game on sale today and if you have friends, which, let's face it, you don't."
76561197973714374,Recommended,219640,18515003,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Murphdaddy,This game is serious fun.
76561198057751254,Recommended,219640,18515181,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Gabe(n),Great game. Then you get out of rank 15 and you cant play on the beginner servers anymore and become bottom of the leaderboards for a long while till you look up how to get better at this game. Then it starts to get fun again
76561198001786473,Recommended,219640,18515204,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,TiTs McGee,AMAZING!
,Recommended,219640,18513157,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,AgentPurple,"""It's just a scratch!""-The Black Knight's last words"
,Recommended,219640,18513719,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Tio Brolesto,"Chivalry is not a perfect game.  Sometimes [redacted] happens and you rage a little.  There are flaws, sometimes the hitboxes feel like they're having one over on you... but it's about as much fun as you could want.The combat, while not always as tight as you'd like it to be, is surprisingly deep.  The tactics are difficult to master but rewarding when you are even barely starting to  get them (Nothing feels as good as taking down a plate-bedecked knight with a simple hand axe)... and you get to see how handsome you would be with your head knocked off.Very handsome, if you are wondering."
76561198041841926,Recommended,219640,18510279,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ISubNovaI,if uwant to bash ppls face in this is the game for u and at 5 $ no going back now lol
76561198063001581,Recommended,219640,18510823,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,deglorious_,iss oke
,Recommended,219640,18510857,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Farmskins.com vuloee ✅ Heeper,"Always wanted to play something like this. Graphichally good, cheap, good mechanics, fun... Awesome game!"
76561198046036230,Recommended,219640,18510878,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Mizu Zoo zU,There are some aspects of the game people who have 100's of hours exploit but once you learn how to play its not that hard to be able to put a sword through them.
76561198119628489,Recommended,219640,18403019,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Nancy,"Fun, but gets to be about the same everytime"
,Recommended,219640,18407783,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Assange Murdered,"Epic except one little thing, the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g   K  U  M gargling spinbot players who make it a complete joke sometimes, but seriously this game IS the best in its genre without a doubt. TRY IT"
,Recommended,219640,18431450,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,[z80]qazz42,I'm having fun so I do recommend. It makes me feel like I'm in game of thrones or something.
76561198205937348,Recommended,219640,18420997,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Jimbo,Best.Game.Ever
,Recommended,219640,7726629,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Father Poppet,"Sprinting through the forest.Birds are chirping, I can hear a slow brook nearby,I'm panting but I have trained for this moment, my stamina shows no sign of wear.I run.The soft wild grass presses beneath my cleats.I run.I see.I see the finish line.I duck low branches in the brush.My head lowers, I keep sprinting.This is it.This is the moment.I LET OUT A MIGHTY YELLFOR AGATHAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!AS I LONG JUMP LEAP PUNCH HIM IN THE BACK OF THE HEADFATALITY!"
,Recommended,219640,18424858,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Applepie454,"Well as far as reveiwing goes I am not very good however I can suggest this game to anyone who wants to laugh and play then scream when the enemy is ""better"" than you. 10/10 would cry again."
76561198074386233,Recommended,219640,18416251,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Insert Coin for Name,"I love this game it has a really cool combat system and its  really teambased. I also highly prefer getting the DLC, it makes it even better."
,Recommended,219640,18419684,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ira_Hayes,I killed a guy in this game......
,Recommended,219640,30562350,Posted: 16 March,all,Shiv-er,"Ive seen countless reviews of this game saying that ""Its too hard after level 16"" or ""after level 16 you cant play the game"" all i have to say is im terrible at this game and i can still get kills even on servers with people playing that are FAR greater in skill and in level. In addition to my terrible computer that lags when too many get on screen and i can still have fun. Listen if you like the look of the game and its gameplay dont be discouraged by what whiners have to say about the difficulty. All of the whiners are the same ones that got dark souls and cant beat any of the bosses without summoning someone else to help them fight it. Its hard to kill someone in any game that has 600+ hours more than you but with practice you can easily kill them too.TL:DR whiners whining about the difficulty are dumb, and if you think youll like this game just get it and play for yourself its  got a unique combat style thats quite hard to master but tons of fun."
,Recommended,219640,17777907,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,The Codfaction,"Meat! A lot of meat! Severed heads, arms, legs! Good game."
76561198137775298,Recommended,219640,30548699,Posted: 16 March,all,Gatinor,good game for very cheap!
76561198157451102,Recommended,219640,18362780,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,I HAVE CRIPPLING DEPRESION,its good
,Recommended,219640,9040757,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Rock Star,"Great game, It just requires a lot of practice"
,Recommended,219640,8245774,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Fertilenandez,FOHHH DEE OOOHDAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,18328227,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Borunor,"Caotico, non bilanciato, lagga molto rendendo a volte impossibile colpire con precisione o parare i colpi. Sconsigliatissimo sotto il punto di vista del Gameplay. Peccato perché era un ottimo concetto di gioco"
76561198057193905,Recommended,219640,18230283,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,sabin3728,Very fun.  Midevil style is awesome!
76561198098147683,Recommended,219640,18229571,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,JBEN,"Team objective can be very annoying if you get on high rank/ team stacking servers, But free for all makes up for any downsides to this game. *Run 10 feet, throw a javelin into someones throat, Run 10 more feet, chop someones arm off with an axe* Very entertaining game."
76561198171271395,Recommended,219640,18300285,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,🤢,"No reason, becuase I love it~"
,Recommended,219640,18300776,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Hudson Balboa,"Fala galera, beleza?Estou aqui humildemente para a divugação do meu canal do Youtube, sei que tem muito que melhorar, mas se vocês puderam dar molhadinha, não imaginam o quanto vai ajudar, muito obrigado!!=3https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8tquU5_X0t3NoZwUzKmRbw"
,Recommended,219640,18298862,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,THE KRAKEN,"I haven’t had this much fun playing a game in a long time. Seriously. Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a FPS with a medieval twist from the great minds at Torn Banner Studios. Lets’ get rocking.The GoodI first played C:MW a few years back and, honestly, I wasn’t too impressed. However, it has come a long way since then and is easily one of the funnest online games I have played in recent memory. The controls are easily mastered and that, I feel, is the key to making Chivalry as good as it is. It keeps things simple and let’s you put more energy into decapitating heathens than into figuring out what damned button pulls out your throwing axe.The maps are downright amazing. There are no maps in Chivalry that outright dislike. Sure, there are maps that I like more than others, but, you’ll see that with every game won’t you? If you’ve played Mount & Blade you’ve got an idea of how cool medieval themed battle maps can be. Picture that, only 100 times better and with far better graphics. Voila! You’ve got the maps from Chivalry.The weaponry is great and (for the most part) feels really well balanced. Until you’ve experienced the unbridled joy of hurling a javelin through the face of a roid raging knight in full plate armor and watching him die writhing, you have not really lived. Apart from that, killing people with a flail is also absurdly satisfying.The playable classes are all fun and all of them are well balanced. You’ll have access to different weaponry depending on what class you choose and your level of armor will vary as well. I personally favor the Man-at-Arms or the Knight, but I occasionally get my Archer on and javelin some fools.The graphics are good. On low settings, they look just fine. On high settings, they look beautiful.Chivalry also incorporates Steam Workshop. This gives you access to weapon skins that are player made and a whole new range of maps for every mode of play. Replay value just went through the roof.The BadI don’t have any major gripes about Chivalry at all.The MehSome items can only be unlocked by purchasing them. With little more than a cosmetic change made to your character with  said purchasable items, I’m not really digging the in-game transactions there.Verdict: YeaIf you’re looking for something new, absolutely check into Chivalry. I guarantee you’ll have fun. It’s not even frustrating when you die because it usually ends up being hilarious. As always, thanks for reading."
,Recommended,219640,17930907,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,faster and faster these days huh,This Game will take over my life soon.Tell My Family That I love themNah I'm Kidding It's a good game tho
,Recommended,219640,17949001,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,alm1ghty,i played it like 1 hourgot killed by my friend like 20 timesnever againbut the refund button works
,Not Recommended,219640,17949324,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Jinx,"Used to love it, then I realised the devs were money-grubbing jews.Servers are terrible, the amount of unfixed glitches and bugs are ridiculous, the game crashes and/or runs poorly on x64 bit systems, (At one point running the game in 32-bit mode actually worked better), and there's no balance at all. Any high rank players can jump into a newbie server and have the time of their lives, and the cosmetics are ridiculously expensive, yet the 3D model quality as well as the texture is so sub-par.What really led me to make this review is the latest free content pack. The collab between this and Killing Floor 2. The KF devs go all out: They make a brand new character from scratch, the modelling, textures, voice acting; add tons of customisation and accesories for this character, basically they worked hard on it. And Torn Banner? A single hat, poorly modelled and textured, and one new weapon of the same quality.It's a massive middle finger to the KF devs, really. Just adds to their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I would have recommended this a long time ago, now I just dislike it and its endless supply of bugs."
76561198049267648,Recommended,219640,17973528,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Ominöse Omimöse,FOR THE GLORY OF AGATHA!!!!!!!111111!!!!!!!
76561198067469990,Recommended,219640,17973994,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,{GWG}White Trash Gamer,*starts match**charges into battle**gets head blown off with an arrow*HOLY SH*T... THAT WAS AWESOME!!!*plays 40 more hours*
76561198122978415,Recommended,219640,17976519,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,TheTaco,This game is very difficult to play if you're colorblind. I have a real hard time wondering who my enemy is unless I have a friend watching me play and telling me who's friend or foe.Fun game though.
,Recommended,219640,17977601,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,TheGreatZimbabi,Makes me feel like im a knight but also makes me feel like im in call of duty.
,Recommended,219640,18044448,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,[ℕℝ]» imMurried,>pimping as vanguard>really low health>up against a knight>hit a boulder intentionally>he gets squished>tfw nature saves your life>ggwp11/10 -ign
76561198009043367,Recommended,219640,16403786,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jason-hax,this is a good game
,Recommended,219640,3214450,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Ravenscare,intense game playdont lose your head over it
,Recommended,219640,10879888,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,IHIOUSE,great for late night drunk game playing
,Recommended,219640,18025800,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,+Hakden+,10/10
,Recommended,219640,6610383,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,grandmaHick,♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game game
76561198005728094,Recommended,219640,18022883,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Kungpoh,No my Lord.YES!
76561198120358870,Recommended,219640,17856773,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Jakethessssnake,It is fun.
,Recommended,219640,17826778,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,nicenicenice,♥♥♥♥ you left clicker <3
76561198153696266,Recommended,219640,16267543,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Tunes,its so good i played it till 11:00 the combat is really cool
76561198044831177,Recommended,219640,5078883,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,GavielDawn,Great fun...
76561198122630095,Recommended,219640,17837326,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,crossed,"-Yes-No-Aye!-Naay-I belive we're at a disagreement-No, my lord...*sounds of a crushing head*"
,Recommended,219640,11106151,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,swiper ϟ,"A wise man once said to ""never judge a book by its cover"".  I believe that this quote really helped define Chivalry because the game really does follow this idea.  When I first played the game, it seemed easy enough.  The controls were simple, the objectives were simple, hell, even the tactics seemed simple.  But once you remove the ""cover"" from this game, it opened a brand new world, something that was quite unexpected.  This game offers alot of potential; it's just sad that many players don't play for more than a couple of hours.9/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,21014970,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kold,Worst game ever created. The mechanics of this game are so bad. Total garbage.
,Recommended,219640,21019434,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,It's Dave,"A fun way to waste sometime. Deathmatch and objective oriented modes are a blast to play and modifiers like ""Moon Gravity"" take it to a new level of fun."
,Recommended,219640,20992484,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,geNthytiS[9].,"Blood, gore, brutality, and more blood.It's absolutely 10/10!"
,Recommended,219640,20995975,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AbyssalxWolf Gaming,love this game
76561198215700908,Recommended,219640,21006742,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,NEEKERI,fun
,Recommended,219640,6537810,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Snarfy,Medieval Call of Doody
,Recommended,219640,21008025,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Princess Cecil,This is an outwardly funny game and it's sword-fighting gameplay is surprisingly well put together. 10/10
76561198208658885,Recommended,219640,21001745,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,an player,Best game ever. Must try.
,Recommended,219640,20998093,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Emotional Hamster,Buy it for a blast for about 5 hours... then it gets boring running around and slicing people
76561198272262195,Recommended,219640,20996648,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,jacZ,good game
,Recommended,219640,20997205,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TheKoza,69/10 najlepsza gra o rycerzach
,Recommended,219640,18178739,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sonny,"Old review: Im tired of this game, most of the time i just get tked or have to see an endless amount of arguing in chat, the game does not seem as realistic as advertised aswell, i wish i played back in the early days of this game. New review: Luckly, i got back into the game and it seems really fun now. I reccomend you buy the game, but on sale!"
,Recommended,219640,21000145,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,sobedai,This game is hilariously fun.Doesn't matter if you're good or not - it's just plain fun.Well done!
76561198047004397,Recommended,219640,20985653,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Maxstokes,"Best and first person hack and slash I've ever played, better than Mount and Blade in that regard."
,Recommended,219640,21054794,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,"kankitoşko,",black knight modunu bir arkadaşınızla beraber kalabalık bir serverda oynamanızı tavsiye ediyorum. gülmekten gözümden bir damla yaş aktı ve yavaşça yanağımdan çeneme doğru indi
76561197989786270,Recommended,219640,1235096,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,SHORTY,man must play this game
76561198212062344,Not Recommended,219640,21163738,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Nick( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Honestly, this game isnt that great overall, there is too/so many hackers and trollers. It gets boring after a while. You pretty much have to play to even stand a chance in the game.  Overall this game is terrible and I would rate it 15/100."
,Recommended,219640,21168033,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ryan crushes,carnage! 9.6/10
,Recommended,219640,21150671,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Pяøⓧý4D,"Do you like being double teamed by 2 knights, from both sides, or maybe you prefer spawning onto of a trap that kills you right away. FUN RIGHT. But invest time and this game will reward you with new strats, and better ways to play. So this game is a play to win. And i love it"
76561197988122645,Recommended,219640,1159621,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Bel,cannot beleive how bad this game actually is >< dont bother
76561198077090298,Recommended,219640,10583806,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,PX-0,Addictive but fun
,Recommended,219640,10584147,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kralzar,Looking for something with an edge? well grab your sword and charge ahead! Chivalry satisfies that medieval urge to decapitate your friends or foes.Chivalry stands out with it's unique combat mechanics. You are able to conrol both arms independantly be it blocking or swinging.  This creates a satisfying system that promotes skilled play but also leaves itself open to the rampant chaotic swings of a new player.So grab your sword and gather TO ME!
76561198001591978,Recommended,219640,10584332,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Armaggedon_Flame,"Great Game, good online battles, excellent way to spend a couple hours."
,Recommended,219640,1830336,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,BungusTheFungus,This game is absolutely amazing! A great change from the norm.
76561198066323817,Recommended,219640,10586771,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MajorWuffers,"If you want a game that does sword fighting pretty well, then this game is for you.  It is also the official laughing/screaming/no simulator."
76561197972517771,Recommended,219640,10587936,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Rigs,Remember the movie Last Samurai... That nikka was a baller. Watch out for that sword nikka!
,Recommended,219640,10588769,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Roara,its a bit buggy at times and REALLY hard to play if your like me and arent good in fps but i would say its worth it if its on sale
,Recommended,219640,10589308,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,PC Principal,pretty badass
,Recommended,219640,10589932,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Eddie P,"Best ""Shouting and Dismemberment Simulator"" i've ever seen. 10/10"
76561198121480771,Recommended,219640,10591508,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,digit,Boss as ♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,219640,10591575,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,zgrooster,"Fun, tactical, and fast-paced combat. Crappy community."
76561198034244053,Not Recommended,219640,10592765,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Notorious Cyka,"Fun game if you can get it to work properly. Between inconsistent ping, random game crashes, and overall bad interface, I can't honestly say that this game is worth it."
76561198064787591,Recommended,219640,10592927,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,James,Cool game but requires decently powerful graphics card for it to run smooth.
,Recommended,219640,10593899,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Guy Fieri- shotgun master,Kill People
,Recommended,219640,10594098,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Cheesychinchilla,Yes
,Recommended,219640,5106380,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Contempt,great game over 1million copies sold a game that can proably be a good fps series if done right but there are things that need to be fixed the bugs dont break the game but what do you expect when you get a hack and slash fps its gonna have bugs but it is very fun also game is going to take a lot of hours to get good
,Recommended,219640,10647652,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PC_Snow,it was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥great now it wont let me gift it
76561198065740915,Recommended,219640,10647678,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ELLIS,its good
,Recommended,219640,10650635,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Runealex,I really enjoy this game and it's concepts. a first person slasher had never been done this well before. it runs a little crappy but that may just be my computer.if youre going to get this game get the deadliest warrior expansion. it is must buy since it is 10x more fun than the base game. this game also goes well with a couple of friends to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with.8/10 buy at your own risk
,Recommended,219640,5509759,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Badger,Awesome game.
76561198022217102,Recommended,219640,10671476,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,flasnav,buy it cheaps
76561198020924890,Recommended,219640,10671499,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HappyClown,Choppin' bits is fun.
76561198060311905,Recommended,219640,6161267,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Nias,frustrating but really fun
,Recommended,219640,1060432,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,NoS,WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,9381031,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev,very cool game if you like medieval times and getting decapitated
,Recommended,219640,10214342,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Dante,An awesome knights game were you have the ability to customize. I would recommend this fun multiplayer game!
76561198057737215,Recommended,219640,10214761,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Bob Saget,THE ORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
76561198065361394,Recommended,219640,10217156,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,[V-M] Aurrileus,BLOOD YAY
,Recommended,219640,10217524,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,hazardzista,Review Score 8.0http://www.gamesreviews.com/pc/pc-reviews/02/chivalry-medieval-warfare-review/
76561198057972156,Recommended,219640,10203190,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Mythblade Nexia,"very good game, needs more weapons, lots of game play. over all a good vidio game to pass 7 to 12 minetes of time"
,Recommended,219640,17758795,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,[ELRP] The Warden,Forfills my sexual fantasies of chopping off a naked kinky mans leg. i r8 69 no hate
76561198031444221,Recommended,219640,18051760,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Oneironaut,This game is perfect for anytype of player
,Recommended,219640,18052152,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,[CIS] Migger Of Assville,Play Chiv.
,Recommended,219640,4088365,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Eliphas the Inheritor,Nope! I would not recommend this game to anyone! I will agree that the idea of the game is good and graphically the game does look quite nice! However the way the game works is completely wrong! You have to be deathly accurate when swinging your melee weapons around.....its a sword! You can swing them around and they are bound to hit something! I personally do not agree with the little aim marker has to be on someones body for it to register as hit since all charactors move around very quickly!The way the game works and the weapons need revising and reviewing before they carry on selling this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for £20!3/10. 3 for the way the game looks and the idea of the game.
76561198161004287,Recommended,219640,18302073,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dank Vibes,Very fun and brutal online multiplayer game. Easy to learn and hard to master.
,Recommended,219640,18303033,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Brutum The Man,Your wife is a hobby horse!
76561198191126698,Recommended,219640,18296881,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Trebate Li Nesto,this game is the beast medieval game ever to be put on stem1 good graphics2 good maps3 lot of funny people and friends4 no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s5 good game tho :3
,Recommended,219640,18288143,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,DontDoAnal,freaking awesome game goingto be playing  this for a while 9/10
76561198089967038,Recommended,219640,18299094,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dirty Tortoise,"The game is pretty good, it's mechanics are not that brilliant (for example: spinning like an idiot allows you to hit everybody around you), yet it's pretty neat and I enjoy playing it. Yeah, I'd recommend it."
76561198022739476,Recommended,219640,18299309,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Viana,Oooooh I can see my own decapitated body10 outta 10
76561197989248843,Recommended,219640,18281204,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Rakkey,thus gawe ic kiwna borwng
76561198065291114,Recommended,219640,18282433,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Daddy,I like this game this game r good
,Recommended,219640,18283379,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,The Moon Babies,helllla sick bruh
,Recommended,219640,18283410,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Josh,STABBY THINGY????
,Recommended,219640,18192967,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,DementedCharm,"It's like Call of Duty, but with swords. HOORAH!"
,Recommended,219640,18220327,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,General,This game is a fun online experience
76561198216395933,Not Recommended,219640,18219479,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Cnut McGee,Not very fun when you can get banned for accidently mistaking an ally for an enemy :(
76561198091005304,Recommended,219640,10941060,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,meme,yelling harder then when my mom beats me8/8 got brits in it
76561197961794296,Recommended,219640,99610,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Bané,"This game is CHIVALTASTIC! Really great combat system which includes thrusts, parries, swings, feints, overhead attacks and decapitations."
,Recommended,219640,13474994,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Flatwoods,Stabbed some guy in the♥♥♥♥♥♥then got teamkilled the second I respawned.11/10 would die again.
76561198080064581,Recommended,219640,13478594,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Icarus,i like it because blood and gore
,Not Recommended,219640,13527269,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,KerbalAbuse,"This game is brutally hard. If you really enjoy this type of thing and are willing to dig in, then go for it. If you're looking for a casual online experience, it might not be for you. I honestly didn't find it compelling, as after seeing my limbs torn off for a hundredth time, I moved on to other games."
,Recommended,219640,13527323,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,patrickchewing,game is dope if you like BANGING BODIES
76561198044883928,Recommended,219640,13528254,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MildMan99,it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!
76561198133528359,Recommended,219640,13528768,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,wilding,The most fun I've had in years jumping right into a game. Even getting killed is amazing.
,Recommended,219640,13528912,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,GuiJeff,"Jogo muito bom, principalmente quand você pode chegar na voadora em seus inimigos, além de correr o risco de ser massacrado por um machado de batalha aliado!P.S: acidentes ocorrem frequentemente ao decorrer das partidas."
,Recommended,219640,13529584,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,facelessVM,awsome game
76561198061885694,Recommended,219640,13529626,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,SplinterBee,"i was fighting with a guy with half health and was losing, his teamate proceeded to fire at me with a balista, i then moved out of the way and it hit the guy i was fighting and stuck him into a wall.Best Team kill simulator 2014 10/10"
76561198135643386,Not Recommended,219640,13529665,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MK,Any way to refund this? Not good. And the community is full of ♥♥♥♥ers.
,Recommended,219640,13530152,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,FireCharge,Best mutiplayer fighting game ever. PERIOD.
,Recommended,219640,13530388,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ratham,Best screaming simulator on the market.10/10 would shout AGAAAAAAAAATHAAAAAAAAAAA again.
,Recommended,219640,13530522,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Burt Macklin FBi,Super cool dude. Only if you play w/ non-posers.#GODDAMNPOSERS!
,Recommended,219640,13530563,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sea Bear,"Hilarious, fun and boat loads of things to do"
,Recommended,219640,13531110,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,JcM,Stabby Stab Stab GameMuch Recommend
76561198126438141,Recommended,219640,13531140,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Major Mooseman,A fun medieval 1st person combat game thatsreally fun and easy to play9/10
,Recommended,219640,13531788,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Keyboard Commander,Got my head chopped off as soon as I stepped into my first battle. Epic!
,Recommended,219640,13532104,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,gewki,best game eu10/10 ignsik
,Not Recommended,219640,18806469,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,invapid,I really didn't like the mechanics
76561198091790223,Recommended,219640,7197209,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Arredrin,"This game is fun and has lots of amazing action-packed multiplayer PvP,  but only get it if your computer can run high end games like this one good."
76561198056792698,Recommended,219640,12544229,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Astro Devil,"This game is wonderful. I personally love the combat, art style, and the overall feel of the game. I've always liked the community in this game, and have no idea why the negative reviews are bashing it. From experience the people who play this game are great. 10/10 would give money again."
76561198005824795,Not Recommended,219640,18212150,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kage,"Save your money unless the game is on sell for $5 like it was when I got it, because between the constant team killing (partially auto-switch's fault, though mostly a lack of any real consequence), the laggy servers (even with less than 100 ping there's warping and stuttering), snail paced and repetetive combat (attacks per second, 1; attack+parry till exhaustion or out numbered), and general imbalance (Knight: 2 handed weapon+largest shield+shield bash+most hp), you're better off spending your money elsewhere.Adendum. Team Death Match: It's possible on most maps in this mode, not all but enough to make it a reoccuring theme, to get spawn killed because the devs were lazy and decided to take a smaller section of one of their objective maps without a safe spawn area and put a spawn point out in the open. So yeah, just goes to show how much thought and care they put into each of their maps and how much this game is really worth."
76561198090645502,Recommended,219640,16375639,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,STRAW HAT WARRIOR,Would die from spinning lvl 50 knight again.........but really brah...........
,Recommended,219640,18171062,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Smoothson,"Another Elder's scrolls skyrim simulation, but without dragons and the magic."
,Recommended,219640,18243791,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Angry React,An amazing medieval team game with lots of gore and action!Definitly pick this one up
,Recommended,219640,18242486,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Eric Wagner,Really great game to play with friends or by yourself.
,Recommended,219640,18241154,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Fquaad the Spartan,I want refund so i can get karambit XDDDDDD
,Recommended,219640,1762373,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,[PCMR] M'aiq,But dust' thou even hoist?
,Recommended,219640,18234366,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,hypomaniac,"Great fun, Very silly but great fun.You will take a while to get the hang of it, Make sure you try all the weapons till one suits your play style and edit your key bindings to suit you."
,Recommended,219640,18161754,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Speed Is Life,Scram at people as you swing your sword around like a maniac. A great twist on first person multiplayer.
76561198093442676,Recommended,219640,18171630,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Akathon,An amazing game with really skillfull combat and lots of gore.
76561198163480812,Recommended,219640,16634741,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,LAQUANDA THE PAKI,open the door get on the floor because team killing noobs want to kill you some more.
76561198201684575,Recommended,219640,30536554,Posted: 15 March,all,PCGAMER15,"Wow, amazing game all the way until it crashed for me at 20 hours which I've never experienced with a game before but I generously recommend the game to those who may be lucky enough to play it passed 20 hours. Just a big waste of my money honestly but other than that the game was a damn good blast."
76561198051843601,Recommended,219640,18177121,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Kalaster1 {The Law},"Fun game, hard to get into given all the pro players, but just practice a lot either with friends, low rank servers, or against bots. The mods though are what keep me coming back, mostly the Giant Slayers mod, which is incredibly unbalanced yet incredibly fun."
,Recommended,219640,18186727,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,HentaiFan2003,"A medieval (no♥♥♥♥♥♥sherlock) wargame with fluid combat, and great action. Most fun with a group of friends.Sharpen your reflexes (and your blade) and test yourself on the battlefield of the dark ages, from the comfort of your home."
76561198153430794,Recommended,219640,18271880,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,justindiv,"Awesome multiplayer gameplay. Epic battles. There is a bit of a learning curve though. It's challenging for sure. Some players are extremely good (which can make it difficult for newer players). But all in all, it's a solid game."
76561198012280001,Recommended,219640,13787829,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,TJB-3,Screaming simulator at its best... scream till you get a medieval weapon to your face.. i love it!
76561198043333107,Recommended,219640,4920679,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,Better Looking Than You,Like sex with large iron-clad men and long sharp objects.
,Not Recommended,219640,13670489,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,JcMauLer,"Chivalry is a lot of fun with your friends. Running around in a giant arena, full of swords and archery. I will not deny this game has its charm, yet there is something off about it. The gameplay is really lacking. It is both complex, but lacks the real ability to perform. When you are in nthe middle of a huge fight, you might find yourself randomly swinging around, no real strategy involved. Archers seem overpowered at times. Ther can be a whole squad of bowman just shooting into a crowd. ANother thing is the community. People will team kill, and hurt you often, taking away some of the fun aspects. Unless you have friends who really want to run around with swords and duel each other, I would not really reccomend this game to you. There are other games that could really peak your interest. 67/100."
76561198055312285,Recommended,219640,13670960,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Clones Of Krieger,I stabbed a guy then got my head cut off as the enemy screamed incoherently.9/10
76561198153189426,Recommended,219640,13671866,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,harzmander,one of the best games I have ever exprienced 10/10
76561198080567770,Recommended,219640,13673073,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Rooster23,"Fun but very slow, clunky, and weird gameplay. If you're just checking out this game then yes, try it, its great. But If you think this will replace your favorite games then no. I would buy again."
,Recommended,219640,13674947,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TinkerBell,"This game has some of the most realistic combat I've ever seen, and right now it is only $6. Get this game!"
,Recommended,219640,5121445,"Posted: 24 October, 2012",all,Aidan(에이단),그냥 속는 셈치고산 게임인데 의외로 상당한 재미를 줍니다. 그래픽은 그냥 봐줄만하구요 동작의  어색함도 종종 있지만..;; 그럼에도 불구하고 무기의 특징에 따른 컨트롤이 필요하고 팀오브젝트전(공성전같은@@)은 이겜의 꽃이라고 할수 있습니다. 가격대비 대만족이에요.
76561198041603125,Recommended,219640,13676254,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lioncraft,"good good and good! love playing this with friends and people online...cant really give this game a downer tbh!recommend this to people that like bows or swordsBUT i will say, before going into PVP i would spend some time with bots to get a feel of the game.....enjoy !!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,13677251,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TheUnicorn,Simplistic and fun
,Recommended,219640,13742988,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Purrito Burrito,"I was sad one day because my meat spoiled.And then I played this game. Now, I'm the sort of guy that thinks a game is lame if there's no laser guns. I modded a laser gun into minecraft just so I can pew-pew, and everything with a laser gun is awesome. There's no laser gun in Chivalry, which, at a first glance, means that the game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and unworthy of anyone's time. HOWEVER! That doesn't mean you can't do cool stuff In Chi- Err, Screaming Simulator.Like, screaming ""AAAGATHAAAA~"" while turning someone's head into a thin meat-paste inside their neck with a hammer.Running with a group of teammates to do a suprise attack, all while screaming loudly.Not to mention, I'm positive this is the only game where you can scream ""AAGATHAA~"" like she's the girl that got away, all while punching someone's head off. That's right folks, punching it off. I don't care if my team just lost. I still win.You need this game. Get it. Choose a long weapon so you can mow your teammates AND enemies at the same time. All while screaming."
,Recommended,219640,13744989,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,bARcoDE,"Sorry sorry sorry, in this game the person who will you most are your own team mates.... I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,219640,13745700,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,xTerminatus,"Limbs flying, heads flying, blood flying. A nice fps (First person slayer)!"
,Recommended,219640,13745767,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,tvtpcamel,"This game is awesome. Despite what people say about the team killing, I think that it is actually quite realistic and adds another element to the game. In Medeival Europe, on the battlefield, I'm sure there were plenty of casualties from people on the same side as the victim, and in a game, it becomes another thing to add to the list of things to be careful of. As for the combat in general, it moves away from brute force and button mashing to a smarter, but no less slower, style of fighting. No longer will my hand be sore from 6 hours of straight gameplay(yes, that did happen!). I may have only gotten this game a few days ago, but I can already see that the diversity offered by some of the game modes, namely the team objective, will keep me in love with this game."
,Recommended,219640,3078240,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Stupid Sexy Flanders,"I bought this game on sale, but it is easily worth the full price. On the surface it looks like a Mount and Blade knock off, underneath it's anything but . It's Multiplayer Only Medieval FPS...which is accurate due to the Archer Class.Devs are updating this game and it's only going to get better. Absolute Purchase."
,Recommended,219640,13773151,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mitt Jagger Romney,This game reminds me of slavery. 10//10
,Recommended,219640,13764338,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,JusC,"""The Chivalriest of the Medieval Warfare game out there.""13/11 - IGN"
,Recommended,219640,13765971,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Wyzen,The feeling of chopping 2 heads at once is priceless.
76561198119460187,Recommended,219640,11142517,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Yennan,"Hail to the king my friends! Very funny game who will bring you in an medieval, bloody battlefield where you will smash your enemies with the brutal force yaaaaaaaheeee! Cheap and fun! Try and love it!PS: Arrows to the knee are not allowed (lol).79/100"
76561198028659608,Recommended,219640,3892033,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Vim,"I've been playing this game in short bursts for a year now. I had a lot of complaints in the beginning but now the game is almost perfect. It's obvious that the developers love their product, they constantly update and try to balance it. Unlike many other games they didn't just release and let it die.The servers are pretty populated and the mechanics are really solid. Do you like swords? Do you like chopping people? Do you like to be chopped? Buy it, Worth every single penny."
,Recommended,219640,20268954,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,the PRO,goot
,Recommended,219640,80125,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,D-FENS,FOR GLORY!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,20236419,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dezukan,"i get the game and check spec requirements, i have the exact things to play this game, i open it and i get low as ♥♥♥♥ FPS in the main menu.rip, still gonna try to play some day"
76561197970728391,Recommended,219640,20272363,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Old Man 678,"Good price on a very hard game. The learning curve is very tough, and just when you think you have it, you realise you don't. The worst part about this game is the team damage. You are in the middle of a battle and one of your teammates comes flying up behind you trying to steal a kill and kills you instead. And the view from the castle wall when you are defending is pretty bad. You cant see over the wall for the most part which I don't understand, but if you have patience and you are on a good team, this can be fun. Unfortunately, even teams rarely happen.Good luck with this game. There seem to be plenty of games out there to play so you should have no problem finding one to play."
76561198255973716,Recommended,219640,20275328,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Yorka,BAG PL IN EL JOC
,Recommended,219640,20273924,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gunam,Its cool. i guess.
76561198098223268,Recommended,219640,20273967,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ÄLLÄH,wery gååt game
76561198111302405,Not Recommended,219640,14105776,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Gilad Pellaeon,"the game, chivalry, is a very fun and amusing game when you go on ahead and stab other people to the death. the game is very good, if only it had singleplayer. the reason why i put a thumbs down is beause its a kicking simulator where some guy kicks you from the game with no appearant reason. the majority of the servers i played on i always get kicked. players or admins abuse the kicking option as a means for winning. yeah, sometimes there are competitve servers but all i want to do is play the game for fun but no i get kicked for no reason. the reasons for kicking is probably killing a teamate on accident stealing someones kill by accident or for just dominating.i do get why the kicking button is there if someone is hacking or if a guy is teamkilling on purpose.like is said, most admins and players abuse the hell out of the kicking button that it makes the game no fun. if the devs of the game fix this abusive kicking problem and ban the abusers i will highly recommend it to people. if you have friends who own this game just play it with them in private servers to enhance the fun or compitive gameplay to last a long time without being kicked. for the people who have no friends and just want to play a game for fun this game isnt worth it for now.p.s the reason why my playtime is in minutes is because i had enough of being kicked from game servers also i played it for 15 hours"
76561198094103494,Recommended,219640,7829962,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,nogood,"Games great, buy it on sale and enjoy."
,Recommended,219640,20299726,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,shugarkane,"underrated, should be popular amongst SEA gamers as well. I LOVE THIS GAME. Community is much worse than people make it out to be. They claim its ""good"" its just a bunch of angry elitists bullying noobs and ping kickers not giving foreigners a chance to have fun like the good old days...but there are gems of funny interaction and improvised teamwork which seem to be happening less frequently as the general world populations' intelligience drops"
76561198262935880,Recommended,219640,20303029,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Adrian CSGOPoints.com,"good game,but it's begin  boring after some time.."
76561198245171430,Recommended,219640,20302196,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Silent_arrow,good
76561198070852505,Recommended,219640,20334342,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Herr Schnitzel,Best button-masher ever. Ruined the 'C' key. AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
76561198072729888,Recommended,219640,20338616,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Roberts705,"great medival pvp game, worth the money if you can find someone to play with you!"
76561197977110183,Recommended,219640,20338971,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,a sketchy bandit,"Listen, I understand why the game isn't perfect. Some people know how to swing a sword in a way physics does not concur with, I can't argue that. But, why I still play it, is because it is the most intense competitive multiplayer game i've ever played. I've played my share of fps's, they're fun and exhilarating, but in the end, a fight consists primarily (if not solely) upon who can click on the other guy the best while attempting to move in a random pattern as to make yourself more difficult to be clicked on. Chivalry, on the other hand is a much more involved fight. You feel like you're actually in a physical fight. The hit detection (while definitely quirky sometimes and hard to pick up on) is consistent and responsive (I know it doesn't feel that way at first, but once you get used to it, it's works). You have to block the tip of the weapon, as it's about to hit you, you have 4 different attack + kick at your arsenal, you can perform fancy legit moves like the 180 swing, jump overhead attack to get over shields, a lot of fun can be had (and this is why it's difficult to deem a move legit or not), looking up and down bends your back, so you can duck under a side attack or lean back out of the way of a stab (it takes practice but its awesome when it happens. Ever watching fight after you die is like watching a fighting match. Granted:-Blocking a long stab weapon from close range has always been confusing and frustrating. One can stab to the side, the adjust to make their stab into a kind of cheap swing, I would say they need to make stabs very slow to adjust mid swing as stabbing is supposed to be a fine, accurate attack, not some sloppy stab looping.-One can ""drag"" their weapon, real time adjusting their swing in the opposite direction to slow down the swing in time to pass their parry. While this is technically legit, I believe a slowed swing should do less damage for obvious reasons.-One can real-time adjust their swing in such a way that is very spastic and near impossible to predict, this makes them leet. While I know its a video game, it's supposed to at least imitate realistic physics and human movement (not being fantasy(the lore isn't historical, we'll put it that way)). Sporadically swinging a 20 pound iron block on a 4 foot stick like it was a sock em bopper is neither.But*, despite all that unpolished nonsense, this is a whole new breed of fast paced first person fighter that you can't find anywhere else (it's faster and more organic than war of roses or that viking one).If you want to get into a fast paced, intense, fun melee, try it, you'll get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes, sure, but it's still a blast."
,Recommended,219640,16301795,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,god,9/11 -IGN
,Recommended,219640,20342650,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,The Real Fat Panda,"Fun to play, even when I'm sober.Likely the highest accolade I've ever given a game.10/10Would play without drugs and alcohol again."
,Recommended,219640,20172340,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Hiromi Hiroki Ce'tekchs-Ni Hoshi,> Be Me>Be Vanguard>Be Battle Crying in Middle Of The Map>Suddenly Mason Knight Comes Along>Duck Under His Slash And Rek Him With The Stab And Overhead>He Rages In The Chat And Calls Hacks>Tries To Get Me Kicked From The Game>Failed Percentage>Player Has Left The Game (Ragequit)10 Axe Throwing Knights Out Of 10
76561198005109471,Not Recommended,219640,20331261,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Pengbumstot,"Cool Ideas, nice graphics and funny gore, but every match ends in a messy hack'n'slash with clunky controls. Getting teamkilled in every second duel with an enemy by some teammate slashing through both of us is just plain stupid."
,Recommended,219640,20616697,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Le Kebab Français,"So Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, there have been many bad reviews that I've seen. But mainly because of the community not the gameplay. This game is very fun if you learn to play it. But be prepaired cause as soon as you get out of those below 15 ranked servers get ready to get destroyed wtih people spinning around and stabbing you in a matter of seconds. This game can constantly be a pain because of these cheeky level 40-50 players, but if you learn to do these moves you'll have a heck of fun.Now the gamemodes... I don't usually play many other gamemodes other then FFA and Duel-FFA. Though I have before, and yes the community is toxic. There are many teamkills in this game, they can also kick you off high buildings cause they can. That can get very annoying. Lots of these players run in while your fighting someone in-front of you therefore dealing team dmg and getting kicked. You also might accidently attack a teammate what do they say? ""SDFGSDFGDFG STOOPID TEEM KILLAR YOUUR GATTING BANN M99 U SCRUBBB!"" That usually happens when you accidently hit him and deal 3 dmg. You usually get kicked after that cause everyone just pressed that friggen insert button no matter what.So the FFA servers. They're alot better becaues there is no team killing eg.. Though usually lots of high ranked players play it and you'll see yourself getting constantly annihilated over and over. And when you've found yourself a good fight? You get headshot with an arrow or backstabbed. That's why I usually play Duel-FFA servers. Where you can jump on with your friend and practice, or try dueling some other people. Though be careful cause lots of the very good Duel-FFA servers have those level 40-50 people twirling around and chopping your head off. But yeah.So far I havn't said too many GOOD things about Chivalry. But overall I do say it's a good game. The combat mechanics are more complicated then most games I've played. The gameplay can be great (if you find the right server). And the fun and banter you can have is great. And as soon as you can finally fight those level 40-50's you'll have SOOO much fun. But yeah, TBH this isn't the greatest game in excistance, but if you're looking for a online multiplayer medievil FPS (or should I say FPSF (First Person Sword Fight)) then definatly play this game. As I said as soon as you master these in game mechanics and learn the ways of the sword, you'll have great fun! Though be warned as if you take a month+ break in this game you'll get absolutly rekt when you come back, and it'll take a bit before you can get your skill back. But overall it's a good complicated game..."
76561198043015324,Recommended,219640,19084407,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,That asshole,I was a knight. My head got chopped off.
76561198065529398,Recommended,219640,19045657,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Quagmillious,"As a new player that purchased the game ~a month ago during the free weekend, I would recommend....yes, but.Yes, it is fun and extremely satisfying to get a kill. When you pull off an amazing combo of attacks/blocks and kill the guy you've been squaring off with, its just awesome. I've never had my adrenaline run so high after winning a 1v2. The maps are cool and varied, and the weapons and play styles are diverse and equally fun.As a lot of the reviews suggest, there is a steep learning curve involved and a lot of different, yet subtle moves that make a huge difference. You're going to have an amazing time in the low level servers killing fellow noobs....but; first and foremost, the games been out for 3ish years and players have had a lot of time to get good at it. Once you hit the regular servers, as so many other people mention, its a whole new ball game. You will not wreck high leveled players(the majority of players left) until you put in nearly as much time, which is a HUGE commitment. As is now, I outplay a high level player 1/7 or so engagements, which leads to a LOT of dying. Killing players is the joy and you won't kill more than you get killed for a while.The mechanics will frustrate you as well. Here in AUS it seems like the minority that uses the over the top ballerina spinning ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Its super frustrating and takes away from the game IMO. Dragging, feints and even ROH to an extent is okay in my book and thats the majority of what will be thrown at you. Again, it takes time to read them and know how to react, but it is doable.So Yes, buy it because its fun and enjoyable (when you're getting kills)but, the learning curve is steep and the minority ♥♥♥♥ heads will bend the mechanics almost to the point of breaking them.Hope this helps"
76561198088595850,Recommended,219640,19045887,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Nachooo,fun.
,Recommended,219640,4450811,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Han,Only played 96 mins. and easily one of my favorite games. Highly recommend buying it.
76561198046833741,Recommended,219640,5239642,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,Babymetal,"It's pretty fun. I like it, you might too."
,Recommended,219640,18974378,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,General Daniels,"Team-killing horde, heads 10 feet from the owner s body, crazy guys running with two arrows in their bald head,Fights be like 10 vs 1 at a time, a very fast jerk called man at arms, an ""op guy"" with big toys called Vanguard, a noble but slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥called Knight, and somebody who can kill them all but its easier for them to kill him: archerMy opinion: Honorless : Medieval ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
76561197977749462,Recommended,219640,18978170,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Lam350cks,"Kinda a cool idea. Gets boring really quick though. Not a lot to it. And some serious balance issues.Good enough for me to not want to push people away from trying it, but it kinda pains me to say I 'recommend' this game."
76561198167294264,Recommended,219640,18976891,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Señor Fartsparklés,"Great, fun to use controls. Definitely better with friends, but is still good when playing solo online. The gore is defintely necessary."
,Recommended,219640,19020398,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Froons,"The way I discribe this game to my friends is: 'Call of Duty, but with freaking swords!'It does however require a strong computer. The game is playable, but when I enter a match with 20+ players, the FPS drops a lot."
76561198017762392,Recommended,219640,3118890,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Kreations,the best
76561198136058016,Recommended,219640,17830976,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Dick Inmyanus,"The bigger the axe, the better you troll 14.2/16.5"
,Recommended,219640,17852809,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Volerm,Felt like a real knight for like 5 seconds10/10 pls nerf vanguards
,Recommended,219640,17834087,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Yui Kitamura,"A refreshing game, easy to learn but incredibly hard to master. If you like killing other people with sharp objects, then this might be the game for you."
,Recommended,219640,17806639,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shlongadactyl,ez too get killed
76561198198304343,Recommended,219640,17806062,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,ShoeShine,make a demo version please
,Recommended,219640,17806383,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,irljoseph,Im sorry5 seconds added to respawn for team damagesorrysorrysorry9 seconds added to respawn for team damageim sorry7 seconds added to respawn for team damagesorrycanadians the game: 10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,6845244,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,TrelL,"Fun game... but super bugged. If they'd actually fix things in the patches it would be even better, but they generally don't."
,Recommended,219640,16401554,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Apollo,Battlecry Simulator 2012
76561198196674455,Recommended,219640,17859456,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Scotfield,I like this game.
,Recommended,219640,17840787,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Commander Moist (SS Pz Div),"""plays the knight class""""knight class fully upgraded""""Finds a♥♥♥♥♥♥archer""""Stabs archer in the back""""archer didn't die""""?!""""Trys to kill archer""""archer stun locks""""I can't do anything to beat him""""archer kills me""""Respawns""""see a man at arms""""stun locks me also""""die""""respawn""""see a vanguard""""repeat""""respawn and see a knight""""repeat""""Killed my slef and uninstalled the game because after 20hrs of game play I still can't figure out how to beat those guys"""
76561198153991517,Recommended,219640,17842866,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,mazamii,"this game is REALLY comfusing, but that doesn't mean its a bad game. i would r8 this game a 8.5/10"
,Recommended,219640,17821305,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,IÐani the Baconator.,best game ever
76561198009830026,Not Recommended,219640,17821699,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,~Finny~,"what can i say really i had this game for a long time not a big time player but with a community that shun the built in game functions and cheer on those who exploit attacks such as an overhead swing facing away from a player and looking at the sky is a quicker way to hit, i just can't support a game on that basis i used to love it if you got time to put into it to learn all the little moves you can do like that by all means this game is fun and worth itBut if your like me. and play games like this casualy you may not get so much fun out of it when your up against people who play alot 9/10 they will beat you, so on that basis personaly i can't recommend the gameThe game itself runs well looks nice though in servers with low ping latency can be an issue even more so when this game's main mechanic is timing i'd give it a 7/10"
76561198108786988,Recommended,219640,16712176,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,garbo supreme,You absolutely can NOT play this game online if there is ANY lag at all.
,Recommended,219640,1692216,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,dild0 shwa99ins,i love/hate this game.cost me a phone and a keyboard
76561198164579457,Recommended,219640,17858060,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,greg,its awesome
,Not Recommended,219640,17826865,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Yokidok,"this game is deadthe community contain only noob,so many bugs not fixed even the official server crash everytimeevery update make the game worseunbalanced weapon, all the skill needed before is lost now you just have to drags with a messermatch are unbalanded (a lot of high rank against beginners)archer in 1v1 -_-maybe in a pro clan this game can be fun"
76561198121504576,Recommended,219640,17903564,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,d1ff1555,Recommended If On Sale Bot AI Needs Improvement
,Recommended,219640,17905833,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Excellcius,Sling best weapon.
76561198079806825,Recommended,219640,17905917,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TheBananaGun,It is a good game but its to laggy on mac so can you add like graphic options if you do this will be my favirote game.
76561198041116181,Recommended,219640,11696030,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Fletwerd,In my previous review of chivalry i did not reccomend the title due to the fact that torn banner didn`t fix it`s game-breaking glitches and instead wen`t for DLC. While i only play chivalry from time to time nowadays i can say that the have improved on this front and are constantly updating and polishing the game. Everything else you can find in another review.
,Recommended,219640,391012,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,[LB]iamnotracist,"Keep getting my butt handed to me, but LOADS of fun!"
,Recommended,219640,12578547,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Bottom Frag♛,"Great game! it has alot of potential, but it has a few glitches here and there. 8.5/10!"
,Recommended,219640,14470203,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,^4Famous,good fps game!!!!
76561198092974970,Not Recommended,219640,14471946,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Lexper,nah
76561197969857445,Recommended,219640,14475033,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Dark11,"This is by far one of the best and most realistic medievel based warfare games out there, only really compared to Mount and Blade in terms of fighting on foot. However the setup and popularity of it reminds me alot of Red Orchestra 2. Very tactical and faced paced in nature, reading your oppenant is a must, if your on the fence on this one, just buy it and see for yourself."
,Recommended,219640,14472745,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Dukes,"If you like rage-quitting, you'll LOVE Chivalry!"
,Recommended,219640,14439045,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,iclefirefly,Chivalry is an intense game in my opinion. It's pretty tough to play due to the long swings of the sword and the reload speed on those crossbows but I find that all adds to the realism of the game which is pretty sick to be honest. If you like your historic battles then this is for you.
76561198028039312,Recommended,219640,14505873,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,thegodsend,"Easily one of my favorite games+ Combat is fun. You really have to read your opponent and it’s not just about who sees who first. You can be 1 hit from dead and fight off 2 opponents.+ There are so many characteristics that a weapon can have that each one has their own play style. Some are fast and others are slow. Some stop on impact and others can keep on swinging. Bows, cross bows and throwing spears. Oh baby.+ Lots of maps. Players can create maps which helps.+ Lots of game types. If you keep running into the middle of a sharknado and are tired of getting ganked then you can go to a dual game type.+customization is nice. Nothing special but at least it’s there+ It doesn’t take +300 hours to unlock all the weapons. I have had them all unlocked for a long time now and I 167hours so far.+ Team work is essential and gratifying. As long as your teammate doesn’t chop you in half to get the kill before you do that is. It’s very satisfying when me and a teammate defend an objective or hallway together against waves of attackers.+ dodge. Normally only 1 class can dodge but you can actually duck under or jump over people’s attacks if your good.+ Realistic weapon hits. If you hit a wall then your weapon will bounce off it instead of just keep on swinging. So if you have a low ceiling and a long sword you can forget about down swings.-Fps is capped at 62. You can manually unlock fps which REALLY helps sense this is a twitch based game. I am playing on a 120Hz LED LCD TV with 2ms refresh rate so your experience may vary. You can claim that the human eye can see a differance between 60fps and 120 fps but if you have the hardware to try it then actually try it. You wont go back.-Accelerated attacks need to be fixed. People will look up or down in order to exploit hit boxes on their weapons to make a weapon hit sooner than if you were to actually look at the target and swing. This happens because anywhere you weapon swings your weapon will hit.-Team mates can be dumb. Sometimes it feels like they are trying to feed me into a meat grinder because I need to move back to dodge an incoming attack but my teammate is trying to hump my leg which prevents me from moving back. Then there are the idiots that think I have eyes in the back of my head so they think I will move out of the way of their attack while they swing from behind me at an enemy in front of me. This often results in the loss of a limb.-Ping really matters. Anything about 200ms is results in lots of teleporting and such. So play a server near you if you don’t want to get kicked. dont expact to live on the west coast and play with a friend on the east coast. one of you will have a bad time.Overall I would recommend this game to anyone that wants a skill based game. It’s not about who’s weapon is better that whos. It’s not about what class is better than the other. Yes, classes do better against certain ones but that’s not the deciding factor of who wins the fight. In the end it’s all about who did better."
76561198015615751,Recommended,219640,14506300,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,deanhp,THis game is awesome. the multiplayer is fantastic. Its really gory to.
76561198079424109,Recommended,219640,6919002,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Unreallynot,"Screaming, blood, gore, dismemberment, more screaming, and fun. Get this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,14509019,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Datolite,"Great concept, super fun gameplay but don't bother playing past level 15. The community is toxic and there are more trolls than actual players."
,Recommended,219640,14587320,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Walmart Shoes,Countless hours of extremely intense gameplay. A few classes but hundreds of different combinations to customize each users specific style of combat.
,Recommended,219640,14588187,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,"B(x,ε) = { y∈X | d(x,y) < ε }",FOR AGATHAAAAAAA!
,Recommended,219640,14588597,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Lavish Baguette,"Go around, beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of eachother.10/10."
76561197961021350,Recommended,219640,14589815,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,DeadlyOperative,It' s just a flesh wound.
,Recommended,219640,8964661,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Ronald Trump,You can chop your enemy's head off. End of story.
76561198006711312,Recommended,219640,14592001,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,theldram,brilliant peasant murdering simulator
76561198006904616,Recommended,219640,2407506,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Amarcord,敵の頭上から煮えたぎる油を浴びせたいでしょ？浴びせたくないわけがないよね？浴びせようジャン！
76561198002967469,Recommended,219640,14629036,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,sweaty,The objective is to be as pointy as possible without letting someone else's pointiness get the better of you. Seriously look at these hours this game is the best.
,Recommended,219640,29277763,Posted: 15 January,all,Pinkie Pie,"I can't experiance the full game because of my trash computer but even in lower graphics I enjoy stabbing people with knife while spamming laugh. And best part of this game it's not very popular like league of legends or cs:go etc. Most of the people playing this game are older than 18. When you start to trolling they join you and everyone enjoys it. This game has good multiplayer experiance, I recommend every 'Over Teenage' people to play this game."
,Recommended,219640,29273459,Posted: 15 January,all,Schwifter,CANCERGAME!
,Recommended,219640,29541526,Posted: 28 January,all,Swat37a,Good game if you like being a medieval expert
,Not Recommended,219640,29470071,Posted: 24 January,all,Veritas,"At first its fun , but then... It gets so boring that you cant play it anymore."
76561198254702782,Recommended,219640,29466684,Posted: 24 January,all,明星倪Starnight,fun
76561198201827328,Not Recommended,219640,29553273,Posted: 28 January,all,nogger,Hardly any au servers and i have ran into a couple of cheaters... 3/10
,Recommended,219640,29551149,Posted: 28 January,all,ByoDelic,Very fun games hitboxes are kinda broke tho but is a minimun think but it's pretty fun even you don't have friends to play with :D
,Recommended,219640,29576546,Posted: 29 January,all,Platypus00102,"This is one of my favorite games ive ever played i would recomend this to anyone, even my worse enemy"
,Recommended,219640,29572461,Posted: 29 January,all,Seanofthedead,"Loving this game, fun combat and the online servers are crazy. While it does have a lot of similarities with for honor, this game is in first person and the battles are on a much larger scale. It also sup;orts steam workshop/modding wich is something I doubt they will ever do with for honor."
,Recommended,219640,29574138,Posted: 29 January,all,Bakey1anny,It's kinda cool. My friend got it for me so yeah.
,Recommended,219640,23758214,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jack,chopped off some lads head while eating super noodles
76561198022928441,Recommended,219640,11330157,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,rollcage,"well this game i just non stop action,addictive,fun,limb cutting,head choping fun gameso if you like medival theme and knights battle this is the ultimate gameso i think for the very least you must try the game or youtube it :)"
76561198006176435,Recommended,219640,29515326,Posted: 26 January,all,Snoogie,"Awesome game even after you can't play the noob servers anymore. Almost every single match is fun and I would say it's one of my favourite games. The game mechanics work well, tons of weapons to choose, lots of game modes etc... but once you hit rank 16 matches are very different. Challenge is good and most matches are fought fairly, but some matches rank 16 and up have players who do things like :- Non-stop vote kick for any reason- Windmill their weapons in ridiculous motions- Stab or shoot arrows through tower shields- Use chat to link to porn sites / tell dirty stories- Grief / troll / teabag- Purposely teamkill- Only ever use a bow- Can move twice as fast with a slower class- The list could go on and onGet this game on sale and don't expect the fun to last forever. There is a significant difference in feel between the noob servers and the other servers. I feel pretty let down that I can't go back and play the noob servers with all friendly players again, but I guess that's what makes them so much fun. Once you get to rank 16, games are hit-or-miss.I still recommend it as it's the best sword fighting game I've played, and killing multiple bad guys in a row with a spear and shield makes you feel like a spartan, but the ""leet"" servers can really suck. Game developers need to find a way to take players who abuse the game and put them all in servers with eachother so the rest of us can play in peace. Rank 0-15 only servers just prolong the inevitable that you will eventually have to play with crap players.Enjoy the noob servers while you can."
,Recommended,219640,17785846,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,TeyoOtter,"Chivalry Medival Warfare is the best Medieval game for arena combat. Well, from a guy who plays FFA all the time, thats how I feel about it. Theres no casting fireballs or dragons or magical healers from a game like skyrim here. There is only filthy peasents being run through with various types of weapons from ye olden days.  There are iconic machines like Balistas, Trebuches, and battering rams!  I think I spelled that right... hmmm. This game runs fairly smoothly and most servers are filled with people who are kick happy about people with ping over 120. There's still lag ocassionally but usually, its smooth. The movement in this game is pretty nice though... you may experiance some weird things that people do but hey, players man, they are terrible. If you are looking for a medieval game that makes you feel like the mountain from game of thrones, I feel like this is the best choice! Give it a try maybe and visit a ffa server. you may find me there and get the opportunity to show me whos boss. Just know, I wont go easy on you."
76561198038262073,Not Recommended,219640,17786158,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,{BRO} Gryphia Battlehawk,"I almost had 1 hour on record... I almost got good at this game, I almost liked it. Graphics are good, gameplay is moderate, variety is mediocre. Essentially, this is a medieval version of counter strike king of the hill/capture the flag or halo mulitplayer, but without a whole ton of cool and all the mountain dew. Its not that it's a bad game, but it is not my style by any means.If you are in the game for owning other people with hack and slash gameplay, realistic battle engagements, and repetitive cycling of scenes/circumstances, then definitely worth your while. Try it when it's on its free weekend, or spend the 5-10 bucks. Not a bad buy. But for those whom want more story, and not just 1 engagement room waiting to launch after the next where there are 0 npc's after the trainers/tutorial guides, then save some money for something else."
76561198077514148,Recommended,219640,17795732,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Ekkie,"I'm really dissapointed with this game, don't get me wrong I love the game what I'm trying to say is I'm dissapointed with this games community. i really recommend this game to anyone with a PC"
,Not Recommended,219640,17803666,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Beudric,worst game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     THE SERVERS SUCK♥♥♥♥♥AND ALL YOU WILL GET IS LAGGY GAMES
,Recommended,219640,17804503,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,merkcjm8,"At its heart a fantastic game but has lost what used to be a great community....still a really fun game it takes some time to find the right group of people,game mode,class, and map to really find your place in this game.  Chivalry has come a long way from its origins but has also lost a lot of what made it great along the way."
,Recommended,219640,17801577,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Rhodo,I like it :)
,Recommended,219640,17798987,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,stomidy,Needs more tomahawks
,Recommended,219640,17626599,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Ash`,Now i feel like a knight of palmyna
,Recommended,219640,517580,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Vive Cat,one of the best game this year
,Recommended,219640,17637910,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Th0r,battlecry simulator 10/10
,Recommended,219640,17731725,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Smoke Blunts Drop Cunts,"For me it's the best medieval fighting sim out there, the community is a bit toxic at times but other times it's hilarious and people may sometimes work as an organised medieval unit but rarely. Must get in my opinion"
76561198023824045,Recommended,219640,3502600,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,Reaper,Chivalry rules! Pick it up and check it out!
76561198093727516,Recommended,219640,17724632,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,SN34KY FR34K,amazing if you have good wifi and a super computer to run it
,Recommended,219640,6519567,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,WrinkledPiglet,Blood and gore also fun
76561197986970983,Recommended,219640,16068669,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Orion,I punched a man's head off once.11/10
76561198062537635,Recommended,219640,10937940,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,1.5L,I loke it besadasfdsghfdgshdrf
76561197960301448,Recommended,219640,7145,"Posted: 13 November, 2012",all,Oncevil,Sygt spil
,Recommended,219640,730829,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,.C,gooooooooooooooooood!!!!!!我熱愛它~~~
76561198110041908,Recommended,219640,17255772,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,RealG4Life,if u wanna have alot of fun and have a good laugh play chivalry
76561198153629619,Recommended,219640,17257572,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,noneubiz,so much fun
,Recommended,219640,17290454,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Kevlar3000,"Lots of fun with friends or alone, the game market is somewhat dry of medieval works. Though this game will meet anyones needs of this untapped genre."
76561198062217903,Recommended,219640,17292178,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,b0x3z_B0XXY IS DEAD. RIP,"The game basically consists of:1)vaguards running in circles whacking things with long swords that must be compensating for something.2)Arrows flying everywhere from archers who look like they haven't eaten in days.3)evil lag sorcerers teleporting across the map.4) Being teamkilled by reckless fighters or lousy archers5) Saughtering (Console) peasents6) Screaming ""NOOOOO!"" at your monitor like a ten year old because of the enemy's limitless range as well as stamina.7) Finally, grinding for hours to get the Holy Water Sprinkler, and finding out it sucks, and the best weapon was the default sword.Overall great game"
,Recommended,219640,6095458,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,Ануспса,"difficult gameplay,but game is funny."
76561198147349459,Recommended,219640,17300715,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,BRACKENATOR,"I love this game! I played all the gamemodes and it was so fun. Fighting with other players is so fun. The mid evil combat is what i love, if you go to fist the other player will go into fists and it just makes everyone have a way better time! So i for sure recommend this game!!!!"
76561198118758802,Recommended,219640,17146036,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mr.Fred☺,It's basiclly a open world COD....that's all you need to know
76561198003423756,Recommended,219640,17149168,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ƇƠƝƝƖƤƬƖƠƝƧ,Surpised by this game. One of the best multiplayer fighting games I've ever played with a brilliant combat system and a strong player base. Also is worthy of the PCMR seal of approval. Would recommend.
76561198117696010,Recommended,219640,17869085,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,jdmsteelers,very good
76561198086730448,Recommended,219640,17871933,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,сука я из марьино,THIS IS BEST GAME EVER. OMG I LOVE IT
76561197978843039,Recommended,219640,17872128,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,s[i]c,good
76561197970413755,Recommended,219640,17868885,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Blake,"Simply the best sword fighting game I've ever played. In terms of dynamic skill, and pure gore and limb hacking fun. You can't really beat this.You'll get a thrill from cuting down your enemies in this.Smash, slash and bash your way to glory!"
76561197968061111,Recommended,219640,17870446,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Cerebus,"The swordplay mechanics are tight, and the game in general is a blast to play. This is one of the few games that makes me burst out laughing, usually after slamming a 40 pound maul into someones had and watching (and hearing) their brain explode in a shower of blood and skull.The amount of voice acting that went into the emotes is amazing, and I still use them and laugh, 340 hours in.Great game to release stress."
76561198088101021,Recommended,219640,17870452,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Nitrofox,EPIC
,Recommended,219640,3401763,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,balbars,♥♥♥♥ING HILARIOUS
,Recommended,219640,17537773,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,angusja,"I love cutting people's head off with large axes, 8/8."
,Recommended,219640,17538882,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,gagbukkake,11/10 Would yell out random sh*t again.
,Recommended,219640,17539341,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Chicken Nugger,If your a fan of Nigel Thornberry and hard core killing bra buy dis game.
76561198118036809,Recommended,219640,17177802,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,「Ｒｅ：Ｄｉａｌ」 sXySakura,"Pros*It has workshop to expand the game further.*Each class is unique.*( You can hide and Snipe from a distance) Works almost everytime.*Graphics are outstanding! ( In my opinion )Cons*I didn't know I was supposed to bow to my oppent before attacking, then I got kicked! ( Gamemode: Free-For-All ).* My PC could hardly handle the gameplay itself ( But don't let this comment discourage you )."
,Recommended,219640,12660284,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Merchando,Fun game
76561198155857872,Recommended,219640,17185919,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Intrepidus,"Screaming, running and decapitating people, all in a rustic and medieval enviroment, a good way to blow off some steam. I enjoy this game more than i imagined before buying it and i'm not a fan of the genre. Great value if you get it on discounted price."
76561198113550732,Recommended,219640,17061639,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Sheriff Danzey,yeaaaaah
,Recommended,219640,17062096,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,ufeia,"One of the more realistic medieval-esque games out there, goes for pretty cheap on sales too.The community is extremely nice and non-toxic most of the time, when I was a new player, some level 30 whom I will put the name here volunteered to help me learn how to block properly and dodge. I ended up much better than I was before I actually had him help me.The learning curve is pretty big but once you get going, it's really good. I enjoy the game and you should to, besides the black-hole creating F to kick."
,Recommended,219640,8257960,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,¬°DinoDude,"I Played this game once and I fell in love with it, The gameplay is very nice, And so is everything else I highly recommend the game.  Nuff' said"
,Recommended,219640,17207300,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Xcessive,AMAZING!
76561198056968272,Recommended,219640,16992322,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,FOURRR,Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. Steamy
76561198044411536,Recommended,219640,17188075,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Arkti,"Awesome game, great combat and fun gamemodes!"
76561198139498981,Recommended,219640,16737290,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ΛVOID,"The use of this product leads to: Convulsion, anger, insults, domestic violence and headaches. Gl&hf"
,Recommended,219640,17222724,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,crestfallen,Best medieval simulator on steam at the moment..
76561198027116045,Not Recommended,219640,17224313,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mardek,"Although the game is pretty fun to play, it requires grinding to learn all the weird mechanic. Not a good game for casual player, after lever 15 you will be torn to shreds by high levels simply becase they know how to magically land a hit while doing 360 spin. Good effort though."
,Recommended,219640,16097248,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,David,"I'd definetly recommend getting this game to anybody that likes Medieval fighting even though it's not that serious the weapons, maps and outfits are so cool. Short story line:First match:Took out my spearRan past all the enemies and killed the king10/10 got 2 levels up"
,Recommended,219640,2699695,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Stando,
,Not Recommended,219640,17231887,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,goneriah,"I didn't start this game expecting to shout from the rooftops my eternal love for knights, but now I want to shout about how much I hate them. Combat is more than clunky and I felt like I was trying, somehow, to make up for poor design with my playstyle. Classes only seem to be in the game as namesake because all of them basically do the same damn thing, only one get's to shoot a bow. There are no decent definable differences. It's buggy, and above everything else, it just looks ♥♥♥♥♥♥. On the brightside, each new helmet you want cost's $4 to unlock so that's definitely a plus!smd/10"
76561198046412372,Recommended,219640,16783012,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Clive the Minotaur,"This is such a fun game, probably my favorite game on steam. It's hard at first, but if you put the time in and get good the fun is limitless. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,219640,16783752,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Bome yo,Vary good game I cant stop playing it!
76561198044823031,Recommended,219640,16785305,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,iStrong,"Fantastic game. There's hardly any medieval first person combat oriented games and if there are, then they mostly aren't very good. Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, however, is great. It's really addictive, immensely fun and it has decent graphics, along with pretty good performance. The game modes are good, there's your standard TDM and FFA but also it has for example Last Team Standing, King of The Hill, Duel and a fantastic Team Objective mode, that has a set of continous objectives, that both teams follow, one team is attacking whilst the other team is defending. The objectives are different on every map and it is a fantastic game mode, it really makes the teams coordinate and actually use teamwork to defeat the enemy team. There's enough weapon variety and the game has 4 different classes you can use(Archer, Man-at arms, Vanguard and Knight), every class plays differently and there's something for everyone. What is a little bit lacking, is the customization, you can buy different helmets, weapon skins and armours for the 4 different classes, they cost real money(except the veteran helmets which you unlock after unlocking all the weapons for a class), but they offer no real statistical or physical advantage, they are there just for the looks. You can however, change the patterns, emblems and colours of each class for free, and i think that's still pretty good. Mostly the reason you can't customize the classes to your will, is because you mostly play the game in teams, there are two different factions and both the factions have a distinct look to them and to make the players recognizable for each faction, the customization is limited. You can edit your colours of the classes more freely for FFA though. There are many different maps, available for all game modes, and also there's custom maps aswell. There's a decent tutorial in the game, to help anyone new to the game get accustomed to it. There's an option to play the game with bots aswell, if you so desire. There's also a dlc for this game, called Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior, it's pretty fun but it's not as good as the base game, so if you want, you can skip it. In conclusion, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a fantastic medieval based first person combat game and it definately deserves a buy for anyone even remotely interested in medieval combat oriented games."
,Not Recommended,219640,13880011,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,HeOfManyGames,"A terrible shame, great game on its own, but sadly 200% ruined by the community. I'd give £100 to anyone who could get through 5 games without being repeatedly team killed by someone for no reason. I was fairly good at the game, but stopped playing at after the following.i'm the top scorer of my own team, some kid gets jealous and starts team killing me, I ignore him until he's killed me about 4 times, I kill him back once, his mate joins in and I spend the next 15 mins trying to fend them off so I can just play properly, someone starts a vote to kick me (ME , not any of the people who team killed me delibrately for no reason) and virtually everyone votes yes....... So apparently Im the bad player for taking a small amount of retaliation against kids killing me for no reason. It was at that point I realised it was pointless even trying. Doesnt matter how good you are or how well you think you can stick to the rules, there will always be someone there to team kill you for no reason and then get you kicked."
,Recommended,219640,16999398,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Gibson585,Love to hate this game.
,Recommended,219640,176412,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Steel Talon,All ye of noble birth are forthright levied to your Lord King's service. At which you will trade your lives for the glory of the realm. A sum of coin shall be waged to thee at the termination of thy service to thy Lord. A sum two-fold shall be paid in occurrence of dismemberment.
76561197977818901,Not Recommended,219640,17004380,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Jumbotron,"I used to love the game even with all the issues and bugs it has. But lately as I have played this game a lot these issues are just building up and killing my enjoyment in the game. First of all, you do need somewhat of a good pc to run this game, if you don't you'll be stuck at the loading screen for like 10 mins and on top of that you'll lag like crazy while in game. Then on top of that the game will periodically crash for no reason whatsoever. It can happen while you're in the middle of an intense duel with an enemy or it can happen when you spawn. Either way there's no way to predict when it'll happen. And it doesn't happen rarely it happens somewhat often. When it does happen I need to spend another 3 mins trying to load the game to work. And sometimes you won't even know if the game crashes or not unless you manually go back to your desktop and find the crash window. On top of the crashes there's also a ton of hacks in the game. Some people have unlimited stamina and insane run speed. And they don't seem interested in fixing the hacks or banning accounts that have them. Either way it kills the enjoyment for everyone else that's trying to enjoy the game.Even with all the bugs and hacks there's also the problem of rank stacking as well. It's when a group  of high level players will stack on a team, and these are the people that complain about low ranked servers being in existence. So beginners playing against them will have no chance to learn in a heavily steep learning curve of a game.If they fixed at least some of the issues i mentioned the game would be immensely better."
76561198079396968,Recommended,219640,17008297,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Lord Nazi Zombies,Beheading people like never before.10/10
76561197968211601,Recommended,219640,17055224,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Michael Gary Scott,"Fun, mostly balanced, round-based game with several familiar modes: Deathmatch, Team DM, and Team Map Objectives (Mods allow for others, like zombie horde).Why it stands out:• fun chopping heads off• Wield bows, axes, hammers, poleaxes, etc• the combination of attack wind-ups & timing blocks/dodges makes for many hours of combat funWhat still sucks:• graphics are demanding, and everything defaults to MAX settings. can take some tweaking for good FPS• some maps are very unfair• there are ""noob"" servers for low-level players, but after level 15, you're in with everyone else. this is a big hurdle for players who aren't yet very good"
76561198202916783,Recommended,219640,17055791,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Bill Cosby,Buy this game paul!!!!
76561198108638956,Recommended,219640,9048531,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Antinatorx11,"I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME AND THE DLC!!! the game is EXTREMELY FUN but there are many annoying bugs but the main ones like weapon and rank reset vanguard teleporting and MAA dodge were fixed RANK DOES NOT MATTER AT ALL i was rank 5 (pre patch) form over 3 months so dont judge :D. the game has many pros and cons thoughPros:-Decapitate people-Very Addictive(ly fun)-very very realistic with the first person aspect-Weapons are from real time wars and or fights in the past-can cut any limb off {arm,leg,head)-hilarious at times-battle cry for days-more more and more just discoverCons:-tons of explotiable way to attack enemies that are kinda ridiculous and sometimes feel OP-LMB spamming is a thing-broken defense areas, hitting a shield when your blocking goes threw, parry\block goes threw, hitbox broken-huge learning curve especially in duels-many exploits just play to find outBut wth all this the game is still amazing 9\10 Such a great game."
,Recommended,219640,17018341,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,jerry gourd,"I only recently got back into this game and remembered how amazing it is.When you first start out, this game is really fun. I mean, the most helpful negative review of the game has 1,000 hours played. Lots of people complain about ""exploits"" and ""feinting"" when really, does any of that crap matter if you use teamwork? It's a team objective game. Just hang out near your teammates and you can have really cool, gritty battles. Yeah sure one guy may be twirling around with a big hammer, but with a little bit of teamwork you can kill him.So yeah, maybe you should stop one-on-oneing everyone who's better than you and use some teamwork."
,Recommended,219640,17018440,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,kz,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare is the best melee/medieval/sword-fighting combat game you can possibly get out there.The combat is more tactical and advanced then any other games: making getting kills rewarding and fun.Whether you choose to play on normal game modes or classical duel gamemodes and custom maps, the game is all around fun.Pros:+ Great combat system+ Dedicated servers+ Unique classes that each are important to a team with interesting play styles+ Big battles+ Fun gamemodes+- Relatively good communityCons:- Official servers may sometimes be laggy- Could use some more gamemodes and/or maps"
,Recommended,219640,17019094,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Out of original names,If u like ♥♥♥♥ing up people then you are gonna love this game :D
,Recommended,219640,17019315,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,PumpkinKing,chop people's heads off 10/10
76561198046985020,Recommended,219640,5250855,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,OverClock,"ce jeux est trop épic *-* go l'acheter si tu aime la violence barbare les coupage de tête,bras,jambe et même la peau du genou ^^ je recommende ce jeux il est trop bien *-*"
76561198171176290,Recommended,219640,17020888,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,-[1337]-,"[+] I like the game mode and also the landscape of its environment,[-] sometime i got stuck on wall and cant escape[+] i love the loadout style[-] damn its a bit pay to win game the cost of an item is a bit expensive [in my opinion][+] it has cool soundtrack and character voicewhatever ,  i recommended this game  ! overall its cool even for an offline gamming"
,Recommended,219640,16185288,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,LIOUGBLIAHBFJILAGS,Awesome Game :D
76561198007813436,Recommended,219640,16185366,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,JMC17,"While this game is fun the community is garbage.I struggle to find any server where people aren't whining all the time, and it's not even directed at me!From people who complains about the map and spam map change until people vote in their favor to people who complains everytime they get hit or killed by a friendly person and keeps spamming to votekick them. You'll never get true peace, I wish I could disable the chat and voting mechanism. I swear, I can't list all the reasons people are whining, there are just too many and don't think that Deadliest Warrior is any different, it's not. People kept complaining that our team was ""camping"" when really we were running trying to find anything to kill.You lose, people whine, you win, people whine.At first it's kinda funny, after awhile it gets really straining.It feels as if i'm playing with 12 years old kids. Which is probably the case.Anyhow, nothing beats joining a server during a wednesday morning when all the pros are offline, you suddenly become the champ."
76561198131235269,Not Recommended,219640,16187313,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Comet☆ csgoroll.com,runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥4 me.
,Recommended,219640,16163440,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,PsychoSausage,"Good game, full of medieval gore.Loads of game modes and mods.Really fun to play and full of blood and guts, free for all modes or team objectives, its all fast paced.Well worth playing."
,Recommended,219640,16163549,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Sakom,Nice game i love it 10/10 when i destroy heads and become in mod gigant slayer like half of the map
76561198069196188,Not Recommended,219640,16163714,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,NotwaL,If I had a hobo take a crap into another hobo's mouth then throw up that fecal matter into a bag then mixed it with some cow dung and horse♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would rather drink that abomination than play this game. waste of 6.99
,Recommended,219640,16166138,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,iamtehronin,Game checks off two of the three things that are best in life:Crush your enemiesSee them driven before you9/10 until I can hear the lamentation of the women. But still frickin awesome.
,Recommended,219640,16166536,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,IGAR,tons of fun :D
,Recommended,219640,16176654,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ABRanger,"I have not spent as much time playing this game as I have others, but I can sure say, I have greatly enjoyed my time playing it. The game modes are basic and fun, the physics are amazing, and it is one of very few great medieval games out there. The all around combat is astonishing and very realistic."
,Not Recommended,219640,16178316,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,tony82x,"Fun game to play, if you could actually play it. The lag is awful. It's like they are running their server on a damn toaster. I have an i7 4790k with a Geforce GTX 970. 8 gigs of ram and 4.0ghz and a 40 to 80 ping and yet it still lags! Everyone complains about the lag. I would be extremely upset if I had to buy this game at full price. I bought it on sale for 4.99, let me tell you with the lag it's not even worth that much."
76561198139671438,Recommended,219640,16178576,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,The BoogyMan,its glitchy for mebut good game
76561198057153038,Recommended,219640,6010058,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,The Hobbit Tim,One of the Best mele games out there...
,Recommended,219640,16551797,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Swift,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,219640,16553492,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,HowL™,We're in 2015 now.A lot of time has passed.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is still the best team kill simulator there is.10\10
76561198167541800,Not Recommended,219640,16553508,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,All Wednesday Aren't We,"Though a fairly fun game and one to enjoy, I can't help but think a lot of the fighting is to do with luck and hitting the right button. The fighting just seems to be madly swinging an axe around hoping to chop someone's head off."
,Recommended,219640,16328553,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,HellionGames,"Difficult, but really really fun 9/10"
,Recommended,219640,2537695,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Chimelites,You use swords and♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,13173154,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Gh๏st,"If this game is ever on sale, do not hesitate to buy it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,219640,16558957,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[nPnnP] ravenousbeast_nochat,Bought the gameSet up a dedicated serverChopped off my friend's head multiple times carrying a sword bigger than me10/10
,Recommended,219640,16559050,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Carbon,"The ""Try not to hit your teammate"" game"
76561198078257990,Recommended,219640,17322404,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Dulan,plink plok swushfur teh kng!i wut r8 4 m8s hu dunno h8 a gud 8 of 8.
,Recommended,219640,17324930,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,SomeGuyWhoHasAnUnoriginalName,"It's hard to get mad at this game. It's that one game where some deus-ex machina ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t doesn't get you killed *cough* every multiplayer shooter ever made. You die cause someone outplayed you. Not cause they got a random crit. I know by saying all this the game sounds like its infested with tryhards. If I said that I would be lying. This is a great game for having fun with your friends while getting better at a pretty challenging game. I may have played it for only 5 hours, but I did get it real cheap during the summer sale. You would be stupid not to buy it during a sale if you have the money. For 25 dollars, I'm unsure."
76561198155357238,Recommended,219640,17325084,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,bayhaven22,Game is insane
,Not Recommended,219640,17272862,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DeNaamIsYounes,Vac banned for like 5 months♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this game
,Recommended,219640,17329113,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Runz,Rate Up 1+ Positive Review
76561198068063973,Recommended,219640,17361246,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Pablo59,"First things first: this game is amazing to play. the first 100 or so matches will have you screaming at your computer for days, but in the end you died because of something you did wrong. This game does not hold your hand at all. If youve never picked up a hardcore online game before, Chivalry will kick your♥♥♥♥♥♥in. But slowly you will get better and then it will be an amazing game, so gameplay gets a 9/10Now for the bad part: I just recently got this again on my new account and while all the new updates are cool, the community is not.  After about a year of not playing, i had lost most of my skill, so when I joined a duel server and just barely lost to a fellow knight, he started ♥♥♥♥♥ing about loosing to a noob and tried to have me kicked just because i wasnt up to par with the perfection everyone expects now.  The community has become an EXTREMELY hostile group to anyone new, so that will deffinitely be a turn off to anyone looking to get into Chivalry.All in all, this is an amazing game for hardcore gaming veterans and newcomers to the competitive gaming scene. If you are willing to ignore how much hate you will get early on. Do I recomend this game? Yes Do I hate the community now? YesThis game gets a 6/10 for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community, but awesome ruthless gameplay"
76561197998583325,Recommended,219640,17373227,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Exile,"A shooter game with swords,maces, shields and bows/cbows. What do you want more from this. Best ♥♥♥♥ing game out there for a low price. Can't wait to see the next game with the same genre.Cons -Bit glitchy sometimes and laggy. Otherwise, great game !"
,Recommended,219640,17373409,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Warde,"Great game, huge fan of the combat mechanics and a overall well made game and amazing community! I would recommend this game for anyone who likes medieval combat games!"
,Recommended,219640,17374781,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Snupas,"Contains the most exciting first-person medieval combat I have ever seen or played. It's easy to pickup and you will feel as if you're progressing as you play on.Classes are varied and have different approaches to combat. Vanguards will charge into battle like madmen, man at arms will rely on their quicker attacks , manuevering and dodging, archers will try to keep a safe distance and knights will soak up damage and will often be your most reliable fighters when pushing for an objective.It's good that the core gameplay is strong, because the actual game modes are basic archetypes of what you would expect from modern combat-oriented games. Popular ones being deathmatch, team deathmatch, last man standing and team objective. Team objective is varied enough, you'll perform different tasks and none of it interferes with the joy of combat so I can't really fault the game for that. I just wish they did something more with the medieval setting, because sieges are really lacking, especially compared to what they were in the original Chilvary mod which was the precursor to this game.While combat is exciting most times, players have found ways to maximise damage of their attacks and you will often find vaguards crouching and swinging their sword at the sky, which can take you out of the experience a little. Also, there's a questionable mechanic in the game where the player can cancel their attack midswing to fool the opponent into blocking. While it's a mechanic that's supposed to add depth to combat, it's rarely used and when you do encounter it it comes off more as a annoyance.Those are just minor things in an otherwise excellent game. It's mind-boggling how a small team of ex-modders created the best looking and most exciting combat-oriented medieval game that's currently out there. Guess it just shows that passion takes you a long way."
76561198079454135,Recommended,219640,6920377,"Posted: 16 January, 2013",all,RonJeremysSon,great game better with freinds
76561198055623955,Recommended,219640,17480738,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,BurnAllPs3z,"the only thing that PISSES ME OFF !!! you buy a game 30$ (+/-) and you still have to pay for NORMAL CONTENT a.k.a, swords and such.. ffs !!!"
,Recommended,219640,17481663,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Ozymandias,It's a good game
76561197971000973,Recommended,219640,17484453,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,In_SAN3_FranK,"played servers with giant modget taller than the montain,crush with my foots all the knights,die by the entire crowd shooting javelin at me,get enough big to get stuck in a door frame,win the round by protecting the king behind the ""now"" deadly me door frame swinging a giant 2 handed halberd.9/10"
,Recommended,219640,17488141,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,AegonJonSnowTargaryen,Best Middle-Age game ever !!
,Recommended,219640,17491516,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,DMStewart,"This is the standard for hand-to-hand combat. And even if youre mildy mediocre at this game (as I definitely am) you still feel like an indestrucible warrior...even as your decapitated head rolls around on the ground next to you.Free-For-All mode helps you deal with battle anxiety, prioritizing targets, dodging archers' arrows, etc. So I would suggest you play that first to get acquainted with your strengths and weaknesses. After that, get into the more objective based assaults.Its just massive fun. My only problem, on my system (64 bit) is that sometimes it will lock up in between matches. Of course I havent tried running the 32 bit version. Maybe the problem wont exist there.Game is CPU intensive vs GPU intensive. On my 290x Lightning crossfire setup it barely uses 20% of the gpu, while on my single Fury X it hardly even needs any horsepower. I havent checked the actual cpu usage but when I see the temps go up on the gpu's with barely any use it means that my water temp has gone up. And if the gpu's arent doing it there is only one other culprit, the CPU. So if you have an older CPU I would do a fast google search to see if others have any problems running the game."
76561198062178536,Not Recommended,219640,6252393,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Millions,"I bought it for half price and it still isnt worth it, complete and utter CRAP, extremely skilled but totally unhelpfull playerbase, unexplained and a bit random mechanics, full of lags, unplayable for a person like me who doesnt want to spend 300+ hours of learning the funky game mechanics, no new gamers servers, overall frustrating and unpleasant experience. I played many multiplayers, PvP for an example  Blacklight retribution, but this one is so difficult for a new player that if you dont have a time to really practice it you will frequently find yourself with 0-20 scores or something around that. And those slooooooow mooooves. Its like characters were handicaped. Only for hardcore gamers."
76561198026999205,Recommended,219640,17465561,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,ZACHMMD,"It's kind of like if Mount and Blade and CS:GO had a baby.It's all multiplayer and it's really hard to master.It's really fun, especially the part where you get your head cut off.OVERand OVERandOVERadn OVER"
,Recommended,219640,17195918,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Behemoth,Accidentally Tked one of my teammates because he was covered in blood and I thought he was of the Mason Order. I still haven't gotten over it. 11/10 GOTY
,Recommended,219640,17467156,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Dralium,So much fun to have!  The most brutal/fun game mix you can get!
,Recommended,219640,23657891,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,I got dank memes,Chopped somone's head off and kept bullying my teammates.I Kept Laughing for hours.10/10 worth the price
,Recommended,219640,23668494,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Nicky Flippers,"One of my first purchases on Steam and I still love it to this day. Just a great game to have in your library. Mechanics, visuals and audio are all very excellent. Gameplay is so much fun and exceptionally brutal. I'm not going to get too in depth but I just want you to know that it's a very fun game with a challenging learning curve. Once you get the hang of it it provides very satisfying combat experiences. Hope this helped."
,Recommended,219640,23660348,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,MrHost56|Fr.Filth,11/10 People like to abuse model glitching but hey it balances realism with competitive gaming pretty damn well.
76561198047876255,Recommended,219640,30800137,Posted: 28 March,all,Kaktus_Klaus,"Zu den ganzen negativen reviews in letzter Zeit, leute es ist ein FPS = FIRST PERSON SLASHER geht also auf 1st Person only server. Dort benutzt so gut wie niemand ""Rainbow Attacks"" und die die es machen sind leicht zu countern."
,Not Recommended,219640,9294074,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Rocket Man,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is annoying as ♥♥♥♥, spinning ballerinas and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ draggers everywhere, usually easy to counter with man at arms unless they're lvl 60. If you're looking for a proper slasher, meaning a game where you have great and enjoyable sword duels, then this is not the game you're looking for. Wait for Mordhau."
76561198099000321,Recommended,219640,23692708,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Gorerilla Warfare,I have had this game since launch it is the best hand to hand weapon combat i have experinced
76561198061881969,Recommended,219640,7590119,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Archer,"This game is incredible. With classes differing from archer, man-at-arms, vangaurd, and knight, you will never be bored playing this game. There are plenty of weapons to unlock, a number of realistic medieval maps, and plenty of beheadings! This game offers game modes such as team-deathmatch, free-for-all, team objective and many more. This game is truly a masterpiece worth getting. Very fun!"
,Recommended,219640,23679163,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Roviolio,a very gory mideval times game fun to cut peoples heads of
76561198132245796,Recommended,219640,23680743,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Sir Butterbuns,My Experience: Guy was coming to me threw fire at me i was standing in fire i was just standing in the fire because i was eating and playing at the same time Guy was doing crazy moves by moving all around hitting me all i did was move my mouse to turn around  and swing one time got the guy head clean off afterwards i just stood there acting like a god
,Recommended,219640,23670976,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Maji,Bought this a couple years ago on a steam sale and now it is the top played game of my collection. I can hop in and out and play for a few minutes at a time. It always gets my adrenaline kicking since it is so brutal.
76561198061632800,Recommended,219640,9858826,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Steeghs,its fun
,Not Recommended,219640,23696324,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,$assy,♥♥♥♥ OFF ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198121442540,Recommended,219640,30802050,Posted: 28 March,all,Douglas,Good to kill.Good to ears.Good to eyes.Good to mind.
,Recommended,219640,1284972,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,MdK,Comperable to WotR. Both hack and lag.This here just got better gore.
76561198139551893,Recommended,219640,23644365,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bobby Lee,"its good, buy it sure"
,Recommended,219640,23640758,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Splenchshsk #Road2Silver,You can get drunk in this game.10/10
,Recommended,219640,23678117,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ulus,Fun stuff.
,Recommended,219640,23671841,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,suostei!,the medieval 1v1
76561198184135783,Recommended,219640,22996607,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[GR8]Crimson4563,"Great game, toxic community. As it's multiplayer only, not really worth it is itUpdate : 20/06/2016  Torn banner appear to be making an effort to improve things so would tentatively recommend"
,Recommended,219640,23672789,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,TheLazyYouTuber,it a good game
,Recommended,219640,13718426,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,EB[Actual Cannibal] Modern Day,"Br00tal, historical violence.  Lots of gametypse and loadout options.  Tons of customization."
76561197997517952,Recommended,219640,13719314,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Super Madbro 64,"Chivalry is a game all about combat mechanics, where the best players are those who can exploit them the best.  This means that there's a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that can people can use to kill you, but it also means that there is always room for improvement, which is why I think many of us have hundreds of hours logged.The voice acting is hilarious and almost justifies a purchase on its own.The game is always buggy; with each patch new bugs are introduced.  Right now there's one where at any point the game can break such that nobody can respawn and you just have to move on to another server.  The game also crashes, infrequently but enough to be a bit annoying for a game released for a couple years, especially when it's built on another engine.The community is generally a bunch of racist, chauvanistic MLG tryhards, so nothing new there."
,Recommended,219640,1424514,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,Meanderthal,This one time on Chivalry I hit a guy with a sword. He was all 'whaaaaaat?' and then he died.
76561198033841740,Recommended,219640,13958454,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Darredevil,Awesome game!Perfect for those moments when you feel the urge to dismember someone!
,Recommended,219640,13960231,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Supersieni,THE ORRRRDEEERRRR
,Recommended,219640,13961605,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TheragerVG,"This game has an aspect that just called to me, If you love any type of game that will challange you or you just like Medieval games.... then look no futher, i bought this game a day ago and i already love it, the mechanics are amazing and the classes are well balances. this game is based mainly online but it is a great game for the gamer that just cant stop. I love this game and will continue to get many hours of enjoyment out of it, HIGHLY RECOMMED BUYING THIS GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,14079054,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,mythousandfaces,"A great amount of fun to be had and rewarding gameplay. Frustration can creep in when you're on a dry streak, but the gory and somewhat realistic combat always adds something new."
76561198068425058,Recommended,219640,14079174,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Jiggy Stacks,"One time I cut someones arms off, and while they were standing in shock spurting blood out of their stumps, I decapitated them."
,Recommended,219640,10463717,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Caliggy Jack,"When it comes to Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, you will be hard pressed to try and not compare it to their previous escapade Age of War. Nevertheless, this is an astounding work of art, providing effortless and smooth gameplay while bringing the era's dark, deadly, and almost bloody aura to the forefront through its map design. Its use of quick gore allows for momentary lapses in sympathy, giving the player a murderous taste that continues as the game rages on. Its competitive nature enables more emotion delivered into the game by the players and the sound and score provide great atmosphere."
76561198082110729,Recommended,219640,14083707,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ChloeSenpai,"I think this game could benefit from a campaign mode.The multiplayer is still good ,so if you are looking a game that you can cut your friends arm off BUY IT NOW!!!"
76561198154278847,Recommended,219640,14070857,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Big Smoke [dead],gud
76561198017792222,Recommended,219640,3121250,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,Sad Chink,This game is awesome
,Recommended,219640,14075003,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Velostodon,"Overall: 8.5/10I'll just break down a huge list of Pros and Cons...Pros:Excellent concept. First Medieval FPS that I am aware of.Graphics are stellar for a game produced at this level.Extensive community.Includes bots for offline play, something far too few multiplayer based games do these days. Big plus for me, even if the bots are incompetent.Each class is capable of killing any of the others. I'm refraining from calling this balanced for reasons you'll see in Cons.Tutorial is actually beneficial and not entirely a waste of time.Variety of attacks. LMB mashing is only going to rack up your team-kills.Bug Related Cons:Very buggy game. I've been playing for quite sometime and I'm only in the teens for level because for a long time the game wouldn't track your progress once you logged out. This has since been fixed, but is included as an example.Other bugs include blocks often not working (yes, sometimes this is supposed to happen, but not as often as it does).Falling out of the world.Getting killed so hard you end up on the other team.Non-Bug Cons:Classes are not balanced. Vanguards are overpowered like hell, with reach far beyong the other classes while maintaining strength over two and speed over one. (There's only four.)Not sure if this is a con or not, archery is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Somewhat realistic ballistics effects over distance, as arrows drop, but I literally could not attempt to count how many times I've shot arrows through people that did not hit.Lack of siege weapons. There is a specific map that one team attacks a wall manned by the enemy. It is realistic that the wall is going to be easy to defend because that's just martial fact; attacking forces usually need to outnumber defenders 3-1. This map is damned near impossible, however, because in this game you won't outnumber another team by that much and you have two siege weapons: catapult and ballista. They are the only two in the game. They do not do very much area damage. These are pretty big flaws in some of these levels that make it just ridiculous to even try.Overall, I love this game even if I'm not the best at it. Fighting in this game is actually challenging, don't expect to be good at it just because you are good at shooters. Fighting takes skill, speed, practice, and a lot of luck."
76561198090849913,Recommended,219640,14075528,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Cheddar6225,FOR AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!5/10
,Not Recommended,219640,14015877,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Earl,"At first this game was fun, with all of the gore and the mindless violence.After a while though this soon fades and it becomes repetative.It seems far too easy to kill people.It seems far too easy to be killed.I don't see how skill is involved in this game.I will however continue on, maybe soon enough i'll see."
,Recommended,219640,14150100,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,pdequink,"Chivalry suffers from miserable weapon unlocking mechanics and cumbersome console commands. Otherwise, it is a well-polished, enjoyable game. 4/5"
,Recommended,219640,8690882,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Mr Kwyte,"A brilliant game besides some minor games and a relatively sh*t matchmaker, a pure 9/10. Really all this game needs is a Jousting gamemode (amoungst bug fixing and better matchmaking)"
,Recommended,219640,14152668,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Forteetu,"I'll have your head! or an arm, or leg would do ...Whether it is a Team based Objective match where you invade a castle from attacking the front gates, to swarming the throne room or it's a chaotic Free-for-All in a gladiator's arena. Chivalry has some serious sword swinging, axe hacking, arrow flying good times. Strap on your cod piece, lower your visor and CHARGE!A little multiplayer good timehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoh2g3UIgto"
,Recommended,219640,14153621,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Reirz,"Good Game for indie, i used to play low end cause my rig on low requirement to play"
,Recommended,219640,14154831,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SkipsPro,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is ♥♥♥♥in fire fam hella ♥♥♥♥, smashin heads is fun, pullin up medieval on some fuccbois is fun, this game is fun go get it"
76561198057399222,Recommended,219640,16369063,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Seraphim,"Great visuals, even on low settings, and allows people with bad computers to play just as well as those without them."
76561198002641282,Recommended,219640,16369391,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Caleb,A wonderful game of visceral melee combat.
,Recommended,219640,7924695,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,военная цмка,Chop Chop!
,Recommended,219640,16398828,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tea Frond,Stab In Face Good Gem!
,Recommended,219640,3672409,"Posted: 11 February, 2013",all,armyantsrule,Holy hell. Awesome game.
,Recommended,219640,16400085,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,GR1FF1N,Very ChopMuch SliceSo Smashwow
,Recommended,219640,16400457,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Halal 100%,Basicly medieval simulator.  It's both firstperson and thirdperson.BOW DOWN TO ME PEASANT!!!!!!!
76561198059886275,Recommended,219640,16400880,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,LÉO_,"Totaly worth it, best combat system ive seen in a while, graphics are awsome but some of the maps could be bigger depending on the game mode. All in all great game 9/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,219640,16401650,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Don Pablo,It's aight.
,Recommended,219640,12590969,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,*ETR* Empire,"Got in a 2 minute fight with a guy, chased down an archer then got my face punched off. 10/10 would get drowned in burning oil again"
,Not Recommended,219640,16402745,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Daniel,NO ITS REALLY BAD
,Not Recommended,219640,16403009,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cakey* #twitch/RPCakey,"Had a bad experience with Chivalry. First off the servers are terrible, if you are in a party you stand no chance of finding a half decent one. Also like all other communities this one is pretty bad for new players coming to the game without been slammed. Not bad for £1.70~ but won't be reinstalling"
,Not Recommended,219640,16403271,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,NecroKnife,10/10 would be attacked by everyone else all at once in free for all
76561198078588653,Recommended,219640,16403329,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,거울들#27™,not bad..7/10
76561198040135536,Recommended,219640,16403662,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,calebsfullreturn,"fun fun game, makes lol.... may write more later but so far worth the $4 i paid on the sale. no lag no crash good times"
76561198088984852,Recommended,219640,16403838,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Moonbaby,Wut
76561198011658999,Recommended,219640,16404900,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AwayIan,Hell Yeah Batman!!
,Recommended,219640,16405085,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,fergus0n,Amazing Game!
76561198099742160,Recommended,219640,16405721,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,VoidWalker,Controls are a little annoying as they dont feel too responsive but nonetheless this game creates addiction.
,Recommended,219640,16385313,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Freddie,"Love this game to death, Most people hate how there is so many high levels but i look at it as a challenge. Plus just stick with a good shield an your good to go. I updated my harddrive in my laptop to a 12tb that only runs 5400 rpms so my laptop isnt fast enough for this game for the time being. But i would recommend this game to everyone definitly now that its $2.50 or something. Well worth it. It takes getting use to all the votes to kick people but just deny them all. Also if you accidently kill a teamate it makes it easyer if you say sorry :D Welp thats my 2 cents worth. Make up your own mind wether you want to try it or not but dont think to long because the price is ganna go back up to $25 soon! Happy Gaming."
76561198012331195,Recommended,219640,13534655,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,VVizard,"I recommend this game, sure, but with a single warning: frustration is always close at hand while this game is running. Whether it be from your lack of skills (don't deny it, we all suck at first), the horrid community who will votekick you for seemingly any reason imaginable (commonly see kick followed by ""bad ping lag racist teamkiller too slow kick now""), or even some of the least realistic melee physics offered by the game (there's this move where your opponent will turn away from you, crouch while looking up a little, then overhead swing, which hits with phenomenal damage and range and ofted enflames many-a-♥♥♥♥♥♥ with pain).However, this game isn't necessarily bad, it just takes a very high capacity for stress to continue playing for prolonged periods. The combat is excellently done, this not being a ""spam LMB to win"" game.Most important to understand prior to buying: the learning curve is brutal. Most players I come across don't show any skill until they're about rank 25 or above, where suddenly they've passed a threshold and have become great warriors."
,Recommended,219640,13535124,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Doug Funnie Erotic Fan Fiction,Buy it for the screaming nonsense feature.
76561198089642902,Recommended,219640,13535763,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Morc,"great game, you'll never get bored, it's hard in the beginning as a new player but push through it and this game is amazing.!"
,Recommended,219640,13536629,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,PimpyOh,"For a quarter of the price of so called AAA titles, this provides more enjoyment than most other team death/objective games."
76561198059679262,Recommended,219640,13536815,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Firmer,So worth the money. And when its sale... mmmmm.  9.9/10 for russian teamkillers!
76561198097988830,Not Recommended,219640,13536832,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,4e George da boss,it dose not work
,Recommended,219640,13536846,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hyun,I decapitated someones head by throwing a rock at them... 12/10 would so totes ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,13537165,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dungeons&DragQueens,This game is amazing and if you don't buy it you're not a true bad dude.
76561197970419701,Not Recommended,219640,13537219,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Yoke,"Not a great game, janky to hell. Felt like a dirty beta."
,Recommended,219640,13537647,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ranger سام,Charge attacked an archer. He shot me while i was in midair in the head and my head came clean off.10/10 Would rage while trying to figure out my favorite class again.
,Recommended,219640,13537741,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lord Nark,XD its so stupid but fun at same time dont buy unless on huge sale like i did
,Recommended,219640,13537787,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ゆい,This game is so funny
76561198062629466,Recommended,219640,13537796,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,The_Great_Moses,i had lots of fun playing this game the updates have really helped
,Recommended,219640,13538142,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Surprentis,Amazingly fun game.   After you kill a few people (in game of course you nut!) you'll understand why.
,Recommended,219640,13538639,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,baddreamunit,"Chivalry is a game about brutally hacking people to death with a large variety of authentic medieval weaponry, that inspires careful teamwork and considered co-ordination, utilising tactical gameplay and clever controls, as well as carefree rampaging through blood stained ramparts, clicking and spamming like your life depended on it. A very strong reccomendation for anyone who loves the middle-ages and multiplayer mayhem."
76561198018676722,Not Recommended,219640,13538705,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Chairman Meow,"One of the worst games I could have put in my steam library... Im glad I got it when it was on sale for 80% off or I would be seriously♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥If your looking for the combat as portrayed in the trailer for this game you will not find it. The combat is more of just swing your weapon at them and it might hit them before theres hits you, also with your teamates cluster♥♥♥♥ed so close to eachother and you its a wonder you even hit the enemy half the time. The game looks ok but its nothing special compared to some other games I have seen and the mouse/keyboard control are rather clunky. The online community seems to be no better as it seems to be full of immature 10 to 13 yearolds who instead of being helpful to newcomers would rather just insult them.If your looking for a good medieval game I would recommend Mount and Blade series; It may not have the greatest graphics but it has a good community as well as lots of mod support and single and multiplayer modes.All in all I would rate Chivalry: Medieval Warfare a 4/10"
,Recommended,219640,13539052,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kemadin,"This game is, for all intents and purposes, a medieval Counter-Strike. Need a I say more? Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ stop asking questions, and have your self some god-damn fun!"
76561198127509202,Recommended,219640,13539099,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,RaVeioli,10/10 would play again
76561197978477711,Recommended,219640,13539709,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,HiDe oR DiE,OYEAH I LIKE IT ALOT =D
,Recommended,219640,13539832,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,doctor_shim,Fun if you like stabbing things. Not fun if you want to co-operate as a team to achieve a goal.
,Recommended,219640,17461188,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Hedgehog,"Ok, i play this game with my friends, when i first got this game i was like ""omg it looks amazing"" thats only at the start menu. When i started playing this i was like omfg, how do i do this how do i do that. The controls were very hard for me. It feels kind of realistic for me because of the blood and gore spurting out. But its a great game to mess around with your mates"
76561198071272236,Not Recommended,219640,17463471,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Himself,One of the dumbest games I have ever played
,Recommended,219640,100092,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,Frosted Keks,Shooting people in the throat with crossbows
,Recommended,219640,17417168,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Itchy Tampax,"Exactly as a fps medieval game should be, fun, easy to pick up"
,Recommended,219640,17419602,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Ayden The Great,"Graphics are stunning, gameplay is great and easy to get the hang of but hard to mater (a quality all games need to be great rather than good) And is extremly realistic, the screams when limbs are hacked off and battlecries make it sound as realistic as it gets, i would show this game off to anyone who was a fan of action and/or history gamers. (msg me if you wanna play together, Masons' Guild all the way!)"
76561198160112207,Recommended,219640,17420670,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SunPraiser,i at first was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the game because everyone kept running away from me and my teammates would watch and laugh BUUUUT then i got the spearman now i look like solair AND i can kill everything
,Recommended,219640,10174052,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Knack Maniac,Cool? Yes. Fun? No.
,Recommended,219640,17151254,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Cobalt,"If you ever wanted to come hither in a game, this would be your best bet."
76561198118907446,Not Recommended,219640,17151582,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Colefroman,"Honestly one of the worst games i've played so far other than dayz. Teams are more unbalenced than a rooster vs a lion killing eachother.    This game has made me start cutting again,"
,Recommended,219640,7497763,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Mr. Cunt,Dude you can ♥♥♥♥ing cut ♥♥♥♥♥s' heads off
76561198137446102,Recommended,219640,16374327,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Loveing landerth daycare,the best game ever
,Recommended,219640,16374556,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Pandawatch,THIS GAME IS CLKASIC. Take Oblivion battle mechanics and add gore and historical setting one gets chivalry. BUY it now thank me later.
,Recommended,219640,16374781,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jimmycoldstone91,its an awsome game with a first person few as you beat the crap out of somebody like your enemys or your own teamatesyou'll have funWARNING:Dont download their DLC if you have a crappy computer
,Recommended,219640,16374844,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Krusty Baker,This game is really fun and cool and swell.
76561198054579387,Recommended,219640,16375198,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MLG_GUCCI_MykeHawk,Very fun game and the graphics are great. One of the games that almost everyone should have.
,Recommended,219640,16375577,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,KJ13l,amazing the combat feels really good
76561198051004650,Not Recommended,219640,16376072,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Infinity∞,"The game itself is currently bugged for what I think is about 50% of all Mac players. The game continues for load for minutes upon minutes and does not want to start. You can shift+tab and do everything, but when you right click the app all you can do is force quit it.---------------------------DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL THE BUG IS FIXED, YOU'RE WASTING MONEY. MANY PEOPLE HAVE ALSO COMPLAINED ABOUT THIS AND TORN BANNER HAS DONE NOTHING ABOUT IT.----------------------------------------------------------------------Just wait maybe a month and from now since the company and the game itself is unreliable."
76561198004635653,Recommended,219640,16376437,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Groo the Wanderer,"My review is this:This was my post to a comment to someone who posted on the forum on 6/13/15 (whom actually was a troll because he had a Steam profile of 0 and a private profile), reguarding how only Level 20 or higher players should be able to vote-kick.  However, it is a reflection of what happens in this game for new players.The complaint was about the Steam Summer sale whereas people could buy the game for $2.00 U.S. and how vote-kicking was going to run rampant and unchecked by new players.""I got this three days ago for twice the price it is today.  I'm only at level 4. And to the people who say only level 20 or above should be able to vote kick, I say nay to you Sir! You must have forgotten how easy it is to accidentally kill a teammate because he had so much blood on him he looked like an enemy. What about lag? Enemy in front. LAG, your teammate already killed him and was running past when you swung and lopped off his head. People of ALL ranks will abuse the votekick because....well, people are jerks. Play ANY game online and ,,,,well, you veterans should know by now, so why try to explain. It sounds like a case of sour grapes. Personally I haven't had so much fun in a game with or without my friends in it.And one last thing. If I'm in a game with you and you vote to kick someone, well, I'm the guy that always votes no. The game is too much fun to be taken seriously!Have a good time and hope to see you on the field!"""
,Recommended,219640,16376661,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Oatmeal,"This game is fantastic. It's very unique in that it's first person, but almost entirely based around melee combat."
76561197997600361,Not Recommended,219640,16376684,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Francis,"This game is extremely clunky.There is nothing smooth about the combat at all, and the game typically boils down to a button mashing clickfest.Gets boring very quickly, classes are very unbalanced,"
76561198140572348,Not Recommended,219640,16442520,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Captain Obvious,"Back then, in 2012, 2013 it was fun to play this game, but now, it's different.- now there are a lot of experienced players who are just killing every single thing they see- this game has a lot of bugs- melee spam always wins- team killing is on and allowed, so try to do anything and your own team kills youif that's what you like to play, you're welcome to buy this game, but then you'll regret that it's a waste of money"
,Recommended,219640,16445391,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MetalForeHead,Nice game.
,Recommended,219640,16445521,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SmajGoleK,I recommend!
76561198134781952,Recommended,219640,16447079,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,HarveyD0uglas01,i really like this game and its really addictive when you start killing more and more people
76561198028944665,Recommended,219640,16447923,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,overalpuding,STAB!
76561198201992636,Recommended,219640,16448160,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,YORVIK VIKING CENTRE,best way to relive the LARP riots of 2013 from the comfort of your armchair.
76561198034461731,Recommended,219640,16335125,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Baskeren,awesome game! better than CS:GO since you dont just get randomly blown in the head and die
,Recommended,219640,16350907,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,WaffenWaffle,Playing as a knightCharge into battle with fellow Agatha KnightsDo overhead strike at a dirty Mason Order peasantMissOhsnap.jpgChop off m8's armHis blood waters the roses in front of meEveryone turns and looks at meTeamate swings at meI chop off his arm tooArcher shoots at me and missesHits Vanguard behind meVanguard gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Swings wildlycleaves off 3 people's heads in one swingEntire team killing eachotherOther team just walks by and completes all the objectivesDefeatedTeam's weapons are stripped and we're left with our fistsStill beating eachother upGet head punched off by archer11/10 would TK again
,Recommended,219640,16362729,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,myshra,AAAAAAHHAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,219640,1732148,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,[BBG] ak3120,Heh-he-hee-heeeelp! HEEEEEELP!
76561198106054757,Recommended,219640,16224877,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Leqephe,the AI on this game are shockingly bad. but is ok apart from that
76561198123544756,Not Recommended,219640,16224984,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,poe,if you are going to buy this game u better expect the blocks not to work.1-52
,Not Recommended,219640,16225727,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,神ドリュー,"TBH,its a great game,but i dont recommend this game for people who's playing on SEA region"
,Recommended,219640,16266833,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Jul the Fool,"My only issue is that it is definitley overpriced. Great gameplay, a lot of things to do. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,219640,16282138,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,YaBoiSam,"This game has No Glitches!!!!!!!! BEST GAME EVER, TOTALLY HAVENT LOST 100% of MY F*CKING MATCHES COZ THE ARCHERS ARE SO ANNOYING.10/10 - IGNWould buy 14 more times.------------------------------------------------------------Screenshot of AMAZING GAMEPLAYhttp://gyazo.com/d74b84a36cf523132869c134a254382"
76561198013311859,Recommended,219640,14682152,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Snipes,I punched a mans head to literal bits. 11/10
,Recommended,219640,252927,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,*WKS*Zunalter,Needs a bit of spit and polish but a very satisfying rendition of good 'ole medieval combat.
76561198042439332,Recommended,219640,16286274,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,KMitsuhide,Definitely worth investing several hours in.
76561198059545119,Recommended,219640,16287677,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,iThrowTrainz,Fun awesome game to break the chain of bang bang shoot shoot. glad someone came up with this idea ! !
76561198085057592,Recommended,219640,16153304,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Findàrato,Love this game
,Recommended,219640,16153245,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Isoruku,"Got my head cut off by a teammate, gr8 game."
,Recommended,219640,16155920,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,2006年CS1.6PUV锦标赛亚军 KILR,This is a good game          I like it游戏 好极了      就是内购让我有点不爽
76561198017182331,Not Recommended,219640,16157455,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,EZPZ Suck My Weenie,"I have a vista , And evrything I have Is above the minimum requirements , I have 4 G ram , wich was not stated in their requirements to be higher , I bought it for 8 euros , Happy it was on sale , Everytime I try to join a server it crashes , It sais CMW . exe doesnt work or something like that .. I had moment when that i managed to join a server but whenever it goes to another map it crashes again .. It needs better netcoding , Please fix this game , does it optimize ? cuz it seems a dead game to me .. DISAPOINTED"
,Recommended,219640,16158204,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,loooogik,"Hey! Chivalry is on sale! *purchases**uhhhh...*K, running fine*walks out of indoors*AHH MY FPS MY BEAUTIFUL 20FPS IS NO MORE"
76561198083532931,Recommended,219640,16149075,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,smashypeople,10/10 would behead someone again
,Recommended,219640,3751505,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,TheMightyPartyMyran,"Awesome game! If you like mount & blade you will love this game. There is also a litle unlock system, so you don't just play for nothing then just fun."
76561198077750115,Recommended,219640,16159955,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Etheadus,awesome game thats all i can say u love medieval movies or games than this is game is perfect for you <3 peace
76561198198786657,Not Recommended,219640,16266613,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ameer_esssa,wh the game stoped online pla and started forcing stops i want my money back
,Recommended,219640,4799269,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,✪ Попутчик,"Have you ever dreamed about running in medieval times... yelling like a drunk scotsman shot in the knee by an arrow... chooping people's heads off with a sledgehammer? Well this is the game for you! With no lack of manlyness, this game provides 50% battle, 25% FOR THE ORDEEEER! and 25% of AGATHAAAAA!What? Is there more? WHY YES! You can also teamkill... now isn't that great...Apart from that its an excelent game. You should really try it out, I'll GARENtee that you won't regret your purchase!"
,Recommended,219640,2341839,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Marco Polo,Looks Good ;)
76561198001006908,Recommended,219640,16277228,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,toy,This game is so fun and hilarious!!
,Recommended,219640,16278000,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Endial,"A game that takes a high level of skill to be great at, steep learning curve but a wonderful challenge."
,Recommended,219640,9655493,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Nortex,Good!
,Recommended,219640,16281099,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Fejj,I beheaded my friend with my fist9/10The community is a ♥♥♥♥♥ so /muteall
76561197967032439,Not Recommended,219640,11624197,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,frontsquats,"Chivalry was a great game. It has since devolved into high rank team stacking from jobless nerds. The population is low now, and TO servers are hard to find."
,Recommended,219640,16810054,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Zach Fett,"Buy it, download the Black Knight mod, and die happy. Over, and over, and over.Link for the lazy:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=232823090)Excellent game, especially if you have some friends that'll join you. It's a blast hacking away at your friends or going in a team deathmatch against others, pressing the ""yell"" button over and over as you sprint toward your death. Limbs fly everywhere, blood all over the ground and walls, it's fantastic and it's one of my favorite multiplayer games at the moment. The workshop is filled with great maps and mods, like the Black Knight mode above, which is one of my favorites.Highly recommended! The game is very popular still, even at the latest hours I can find a handful of near-full servers."
,Recommended,219640,16810230,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,[HG] DairyOhSea,Great fun game only lags a little bit on my windows vista.
76561198075172027,Not Recommended,219640,16812824,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,lobozo,fells like im still playing a early access game would not recommend if you want well made game
,Recommended,219640,16815871,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,DakotaTG,i duel my friends all the time it is really fun
76561198029183201,Recommended,219640,16816746,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Captain Space Gravy,"Takes me back to my younger years, when women where known as wenches and everyone had leprosy."
,Recommended,219640,16817102,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,davidhensel74DLCVLJKKI,HEY CAN I HAVE THIS GAME IT DIDNT LET ME PLAY IT ANYMORE AFTER THE FREE GAME TIME. HALP THIS GAME WAS REALLY COOL
,Not Recommended,219640,16817396,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Chinesebagelkid,5/10 if this game is on sale give it a try you might like it....
76561198015229979,Recommended,219640,16818366,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,patyos,Great Realistic Medieval   Arena  Fighthing game XDoh no my Arm my arm
,Recommended,219640,3146260,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,CJ,Es como Age of Empires II en primera persona. Si la tirania de un rey no te agrada solo vas y lo cercenas con tu arma favorita mientras gritas tu preferencia politica al resto9/10
76561198058356680,Recommended,219640,16820610,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,I Can Haz Glue,"Awesome game!!!! Brutal, but awesome"
76561198106017408,Not Recommended,219640,14642145,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Roady Boatkin,"Could spend my entire life on this game and still feel accomplished!!! (UPDATE) David Bowie should re write the song ""space oddity"" so that instead of Major Tom it is Major♥♥♥♥♥♥.. then torn banner company can buy that and make it their new theme song... They just released a new update that fixed problems that did NOT exist. The game went from being very smooth and easily playable to more choppy than a ♥♥♥♥in' lumber jack. Way to♥♥♥♥♥♥block my game♥♥♥♥♥holes! don't buy this game until you hear that this update has been fixed. (UPDATE) Don't buy this game ever... like really leave... tear up you credit card so you dont buy this game..."
76561197983040980,Recommended,219640,16823132,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,=(e)= FiliNino.Ohmgee,gOOD gAME!
76561198137040702,Recommended,219640,16824213,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Lopt_The_Brave,Brilliant game! 10/10
76561198116688752,Recommended,219640,16814652,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Tort,I like it when you chop things off and stuff.
76561198074926507,Not Recommended,219640,16827836,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,beastocity,"Very first game, fell in love, hacking slashing, lobotomizing the opponents.very second game, fell out of love, lost my head more than enough times.It's hard to recommend this game, but i got it on sale for 3 bucks, so i figured why not give it a shot. I am very glad i only spent 3.50 because if i'd payed full price, i would be highly disappointed.I spent a whole hour on a single game, locked in a small dining hall with about 20 other players. The two top players had over 300 kills apiece, whereas i ended at about 114. all the attacks i threw from the back were somehow deflected by the parry of the enemy deflecting the blow of someone in front of them.Aka, i couldn't hit a damn thing, EVEN FROM THE BACK. It's like every single blow gets blocked no matter what.You have many different attacks you can use, yet all of them can be blocked by the simple click of the block button.As far as servers go, i would go into a server with 30 ping, and next thing you know, i'm running fine, but everyone else is wigging the hell out and before you know it i'm dead because of a quick lag spike as the opponent was swinging.Do i recommend this game? For a discount, definitely, full price absolutely not.if you love games like COD where it's a constant, running, killing, dying cycle, this is a great game for that. But just know the first few times you die, you'll smirk and say ""yeah i deserved that"" or ""well that was a pretty good hit"", then soon enough it will turn into ""holy hell, that guy didn't even hit me"" or ""I attacked him from behind!"""
,Recommended,219640,16481088,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Velorth,"This game is to much epic 200/10. Even if it has its tricks, its ALL about skill. ALL. Nowadays all the games are about farm and having beter weapons, this is not the case and im proud of it.The only negative thing about it its its sets, there could be a lot more, and some free so.... 199/10 final review"
,Recommended,219640,16482276,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Snek Pliskin,"Got this around its release and because of the Summer Sale, I've gone back and finally learned how to play it properly, swordplay and all. If you can't figure it out through experience, there are tutorials on youtube. Combat in Chivalry is more timing based as opposed to Mount and Blade or War of the Roses where there are precise damage models and multi directional blocks. It's much easier to learn (than WotR) while still requiring a ton of skill. In WotR I felt like there was so much depth that some players were unkillable, where in Chivalry, the gameplay is just slightly jenky and chaotic enough that the playing field feels more even for those mid level players that have recently figured out all the game's mechanics.It's addicting as hell once you gain traction and start collecting heads. The 64 and 70 person objective servers are always churning, and assuming you have a ping less than 100 and can avoid team damage, you won't be weeded out by their constant vote-kick purges. There are plentiful noob servers, and a noob 64 player obj as well."
,Recommended,219640,16483870,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dylan Becker,"Good:+ Combat is more specialized, responsive and intense than any other sword swinging game to date.+ Graphics are good enough that any flaws are minor and do not detract from the game.+ The game is easy to learn but just about impossible to master.+ It is very kind to newcomers, hosting manynewbie exclusive servers.Neutral:* The game was clearly meant to be humourous - which it is - but this can take away from the realism factor* Voice acting is terrible (intentionally?), which adds to the humor.Bad:- Finding a game with the map and game-type you want is pretty much a gamble."
,Recommended,219640,8419698,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Capt.deadpool,Learned how to love this game. It is amazing.
76561198047807580,Recommended,219640,16486046,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Der Krampus,10/10 would play all day.
76561198032835959,Recommended,219640,16488113,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Iron_Galley,"It's fun. I spawned and started making suggestive motions with the 'crouch' key while laughing madly. Soon, other players spawned and they saw me. We were in an objective match, and we had to burn something, but during the first minute there was no war, no suffering, and no pain......just a bunch of dudes standing in a circle, making sexually-implicit motions while laughing like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in armor.Then another teammate spawned and killed us all.10/10"
76561197992465981,Recommended,219640,16489227,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jegol,"One of the funnest games I've played in years. I just wish a good combat sim like this could be updated to include more grand elements, like an RPG or RTS gameplay."
76561198025378179,Recommended,219640,16489334,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MOKU NO KAMI,"it's one of the most imersive games I've ever played. the team objective mode is without a doubt the best one and can provide a lot of fun because you feel like you are in a war and you get to kill filthy peasants... until you start getting ♥♥♥♥ed by high ping players or bad hit detection, then it's as frustrating as call of duty.9/10 would kill filthy peasants again"
,Recommended,219640,11227025,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Vagabundox,"This game is good, on steam summer sale you can get it for 2.50.  if you like funny games you will like this game"
,Not Recommended,219640,16490677,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[2FortGod] Qwesi,It's like they want to ruin a good game.
,Recommended,219640,16490691,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sludgemonster Von Crapenstein,Rage Quit Simulator 2015
76561198046917714,Recommended,219640,16491899,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Omallis,"Sees an archer, and chases him all the way across the map screaming ""AAAAGAAAATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA~~~!!!!!""After 5 minutes of giving chase, the archer leads me to his entire team waiting around the corner.Pauses right in front of them, looks at the numbers.Turns around and runs away spamming the ""HELP ME!!! HEEEEEELP!!!"" key before getting chased down and run through.10/10 screaming simulator. Don't listen to the nay sayers, this game is fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198041540430,Recommended,219640,16524008,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,King of all Cosmos,"Fun gameplay, but frequent Direct x related game crashes that I don't experience on other games, even when trying it in 32 bit mode and tweaking the heck out of the settings. Many players seem to be easily angered meme-quoting teenagers so I'd suggest turning chat off if you don't want to see a massive amount of whining when one of them gets TK'd or tries to boast about their IRL weapon expertise."
,Recommended,219640,16528929,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MrClaus1107,great graphics really realistic
,Recommended,219640,16532557,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/manitooke,It is very fun. AGATHAAA!
,Recommended,219640,16547392,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Killumgood,can be very fun
76561198063491227,Recommended,219640,16450070,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,kjf2141,Awesome
76561198121436891,Not Recommended,219640,16450205,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,dimonTdraza,Pointles ... u  play it like cs 1.6 just for fun no upgrades no shop nothing
,Recommended,219640,16450513,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Spooksman,(Disdain for plebs who do not purchase Chivalry)
,Recommended,219640,16451274,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,mambuco93,very fun game
76561198209217501,Recommended,219640,17948191,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,pretty_face22,fdgdfgafdg
76561198126012473,Recommended,219640,17948251,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,The Battle Cat,awesome game. takes a bit to get use too but its worth it!
76561198090372747,Recommended,219640,17948463,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Guy from Auschwitz,Its a great game but it can get boring
,Recommended,219640,17945376,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Woerm,"Imagine if they added a Game of Thrones update or mod packyou'd be chopping♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the entire game, and you'd enjoy it10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,219640,10967335,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ProfSplosion,"I couldn't get past the tutorial level. However, in that .2 of of an hour I played, it looked beautiful. Good graphics OBVIOUSLY mean good game. 10/10"
76561198091468017,Recommended,219640,11085575,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Bigg M,Fun game but very bad programming and glitches
76561198097008544,Recommended,219640,17949730,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,El Duderino,Team killing simulator 2015
76561198137634308,Recommended,219640,17949955,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,MLGfeg,i recommend for people who like medieval and bloodxD
,Recommended,219640,801894,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,TomTomAttack,"I just bought this on the steam sale a few days ago and holy crap, what a fun game!  I started playing the other night and couldn't stop!"
,Recommended,219640,14793754,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Sp0nska,Buggy but beautifully brutal!
,Recommended,219640,17970302,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Werewolf Banana,I get killed by my teammates more than the opposing team.11/10 Would get slained by my teammates again.
,Recommended,219640,17969403,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Lester the Molester,"Played my first game just yesterday, my friend showed me the Vanguard charge attack in a pratice duel just before. I walk into a high level server with him, use this charge attack and get a triple kill, 2 enemies and him and laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off. I almost regretted buying this game just from the low expectations set by the highest rated reviews and how wrong I would have been. I got 11/25 kd and killed a high level king in my first game and it was amazing, to those who say ignore the game because of the toxic community just need to lighten up and play with friends. This game is hilarous so buy it and have fun, ignore the tryhard butthurt reviews and enjoy the chaos!"
,Recommended,219640,4011856,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,[Sloth God] Lefoid™,"Fantasticly fun game, couldnt ask for much more."
,Recommended,219640,1368410,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Broder Tuc,Awsesome if you like fight like real men. not that cod♥♥♥♥♥♥here
,Not Recommended,219640,7335325,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,☕ Aragorn 🐧,"é um jogo legalzinho ,mas eu prefiro e recomendo Mount & Blade Warband.is good game ,but but I prefer and recommend Mount & Blade Warband."
,Recommended,219640,20100931,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jarod Menace,"Chops some guys head off, then gets my head chopped off.10/10 Would get my head chopped off again."
76561198113617675,Recommended,219640,20158033,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Blue_the_fox,Yaaaaaass
,Not Recommended,219640,20136665,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Tom,"I stabbed someone in the back, they somehow blocked it and then chopped my head off in one go.great game 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,20150571,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,RedRyder,Agathaaaa!
,Recommended,219640,4635582,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,cow1,THIS GAME BE GOOD
,Recommended,219640,20149744,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,AanSpoter,"well i though this game was bad , but after playing it, it's freaking awesomeDo you like to chop's people's head ?YES :This Game Is For you!One of the best multiplayer medieval hack and slash game ever createdGore   : 4,5/5Music :     4/5Cons: The bug that the Dev doesn't even try to fix itNote: Please Play The Training before you go to Multiplayer ,Because if you don't ,it'll be hard to play it :D"
,Recommended,219640,20149010,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Alure,"I am reviewing as another ""sale noob"" who got the game, while not for $2, it was still worth my $5 and I would still feel like a charity if I spent $10 on the game. Anything above $10 and you might as well add the DLC that's in the game.The 'good' stuff about the game;The game isn't exactly all smooth or running, but it does feel somewhat solid. I usually get the experience I want from the game weather it's the decent sword fighting in the game or the hard to figure out archer where the bows and crossbows aren't easy to compensate for the arrow drop, which there is if you were expecting CoD's hitscan. There isn't any. So the archer is hard to master but fun to use for the most part. The 'for the most part' will come in the bad area.The maps, while confusing at first, are actually easy to move around and you usually need one play-through to learn them since they look linier, actually have more paths than I expected, though on some maps it's not as branching. The game does do a good job at the sword play though, people can call it buggy or salami but it's not exactly a First-person Shooter. If you go down a narrow hallway and expect to hit someone with your LMB (which is a normal swing) your sword, if it's long enough (E.G. Great sword, battle-axe, war hammer, ect) it will clang off the wall.But if you were calling salmai where you thought it was salami when you bashed your weapon against the wall and died, you probably didn't check the tutorial, where it's actually useful in this game. There are actually four different kinds of attacks for every scenario that every person I see calls salami on, just spam clicks LMB because, I dunno, pepperoni it? If you scroll up, you will do a straight lunge, where the walls wouldn't effect your attack, or if you have a high enough roof, scrolling down will bash over the top and those walls didn't do a thing to you. It's worth going over the tutorial to get your bearings, or else you WILL have a bad time.The controls overall are easy to work with but very... Tricky, to learn. I wouldn't say master, but tricky to get a grip of.Now, the bad part.When you first jump into the game, you will notice green tabs in the multiplayer server browser, those are low rank servers. Join those for the first time you play the game to get your taste for the multiplayer experience, but don't expect to make friends in there, and don't teamkill your side on accident, will yah? For about the first 2 hours of the game, I called it stupid. Even after the tutorial. I wanted to refund but then I started having fun with the archer, all before I got teamkilled for playing as the archer. Then I started getting more deaths from my team than the actual enemy.The low rank servers are not to be taken serious, it's hard to take the game serious in some cases, but it's certainly a struggle when you are pushing for the objective in team objective modes and either you get rushed by 16 players or you get 10 teammates attacking the same 2 people, and you happen to be in the middle, even when trying to run away, an axe swing from a teammate to your left cuts your head off. I can't put my finger on why, but it's actually frustrating to die in this game. I haven't been so mad to die in a game since GTA:V Online to a hacker in passive mode.The mechanics themselves also make me want to tear my hair out, when you swing at someone, putting your crosshair on their head, expecting to cut it off, they look like they were blocking, all before they stab you in the stomach and your sword clearly hit them but they walk it off, I was a Vanguard against a Man-at-arms, which has the least ammount of armour. You will be calling salami on a lot of swings that should of killed a guy that has very low health, but gives them a love tap where they procceed to spam LMB until you can't block anymore and kill you.This game rewards people for spam clicking LMB with no reguard to a good player fighting back, because the low rank servers have none, at least that I have noticed. I haven't joined other servers other than the low rank so I can get a feel for the game much better, but it's not fun in the low rank servers. As I said, join them in your first play-through, then scroll down and find an official server that's not highlighted in green. Then you can possibly start enjoying the game. Even though, for me, a lot of games that do have players that isn't a low rank server, has really high ping. The lag in this game is incredible.The low rank server community, isn't all good. Being a PvP game, when you need the community, it's not exactly a community as much as it is people swinging a sword around in the streets until they cut someone's head off. The game doesn't exactly do anything to punish a teamkiller. I've seen people kill 5 teammates on purpose and not get kicked. Even the player vote-to-kick wasn't successful. He had -150 score by the end. The game needs a teamkill limit. If there is one, I haven't seen it. People get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at archers a lot as well, because you were standing next to someone who just joined the game and hits your teammates leg, while you kill the enemy the teammate was attacking. The teammate sword fighting the enemy, who you killed, turns around and kills you, you say ""I didn't attack you, the archer next to me did!"" he will thus respond ""you stole my kill""Overall, a lot of people look at this game as a First-person shooter, which is unfortunate. I actualyl do like this game and I wish newer players would kinda take it more serious. But until the time comes where people do, don't come into the game with high expectations. The game will reach them. It's the people in the game that will ruin your experience. Nice or not, it's not fun when a teammate behind you tries to help you out in killing the enemy infront of you but cuts your head off instead.The game feels like Skyrim and I kept wanting to play Skyrim after leaving Chivalry. Because I know I can get a better experience playing that game, both in mechanics and the fact that the game is offline and I can cut heads off without my companions cutting mine off on accident or getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if I was using Archer.It's a good game, just don't expect the best game if you join the low rank servers. I have not tried modded servers so I can't say anything about them."
,Recommended,219640,20093533,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,хуй очередной,nais foken temmates always killing me. I love this duels when i fighting and archer from my team killing me. :ananas:
76561198035994405,Recommended,219640,20093577,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Black Swan,I had a blast playing this game. A few trolls that love to go around team killing but other then that i would recommnd this game to anyone that loves to get into action fast.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cvMSQfY16o
76561198019092094,Recommended,219640,3220159,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Mechapope,"Buy it, fools~"
76561198267102367,Recommended,219640,20318798,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Wetaud,Not enough gore.
,Recommended,219640,8283974,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,KrilMun,"Best indie game ever, makes you feel like you really are in the medieval age"
76561198062649306,Not Recommended,219640,8284077,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Do you want to go bowling?,"Not as fun as I thought it would be, not because of the combat, which is excelent, but the fact that every room I enter is full of just a bunch of people that don't want to fight each other and just kill me. If you get an actual match, then fun times are too be had, but beware of all the guys just goofing off."
,Recommended,219640,8284172,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,BIOCiiDE,FOR AHHGAHH!!!! This game is ♥♥♥♥ing nuts. Love it.
,Recommended,219640,8284646,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Marcus Annius Verus,very fun
76561198074843957,Recommended,219640,8309528,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sgt.Muffin,This game is fun. the dlc is funner. the game play odd but thats what is funner. welp. just get it
,Recommended,219640,8310366,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,KennyThePie,Lol So much fun
76561198087812171,Recommended,219640,8310942,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nemesis,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare is like a Medieval version of Unreal tournment. The game is so gory and brillant and you get to pick from 4 kinds of people you want like a archer, knight, vanguard and man at arms. all of which have weaknesses and strengths. and is probably the only game where you can go in a enoromus battle of players chopping eachothers heads and etc. along with popping off a head with threwing knifes or a tomahawk (my personal favorite) I dont want to tyep a essay so i'm just going to say this THE GAME IS AWESOME!"
,Recommended,219640,8311398,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ruler,"The most fun game I currently own.Deeply satisfying melee combat with a decent skill ceiling. You know a game is immersive when your body moves around on your seat trying to dodge attacks!Convince your friends to buy this, it's a solid LAN party game."
76561198080091626,Recommended,219640,8311500,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,barzaka18,Amazing game!!! I don't have words to describe it
76561197976180566,Recommended,219640,709068,"Posted: 16 January, 2013",all,GizmoMechanic,"Great BRUTAL, medieval COMBAT!!  This game is fun, challenging and you feel like a Knight or Archer of the Crown. The maps are awesome and you really get the rush when you are battling it out against another player. THIS IS an ALL REAL PLAYER GAME, no NPCs battling here. That being said you may get your but kicked for the first couple hours until you key into your timing and figure out which class you like. There are tutorials to teach you how to play and you WILL HAVE A GREAT TIME AFTER YOUR FIRST KILL.  SKYRIM MULTIPLAYER."
76561198009725079,Recommended,219640,8312940,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,didge666,"This game is top fun, blood and guts heads coming off,"
,Recommended,219640,8314263,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,=TEX=Beltory,"Chivalry is an amazing game, and if you don't own it.SHAME ON YOU!It's alot of fun and its high on the to buy list, if you're looking for a fun game to play. <3"
76561198007359004,Recommended,219640,8314792,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,robbertx,Best multiplayer melee fighting game as of yet.
,Recommended,219640,8302192,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Little Homie,A very fun game with friends but it is pretty hard in the begginig. Skilfull players can wipe out whole squads easly.Good graphics but to few game modes.
76561198076250410,Recommended,219640,8302749,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,MEATY Edvinas J aka TerribleDoom,would be better if you could cut of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but still fun fruit ninja v2 game
76561198024296319,Recommended,219640,3532115,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Sandu,Feel the adrenaline of an up-close-and-personal fight!
,Recommended,219640,1517952,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,Chubyone,"Just Kill, Die & have fun."
76561198026095223,Recommended,219640,8002599,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,UrbanWMD,Bloody awesome! laughing my head off
76561198045456575,Recommended,219640,5134902,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Mottled Viking,play it ♥♥♥♥♥♥ESSSS
76561198026569513,Recommended,219640,3721446,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,ⓒⓗⓔⓝⓜⓞⓤ,"rather fun game, but a few annoying flaws"
,Recommended,219640,7469243,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,GoldeNoob,Really fun!! and GORY!!!
,Recommended,219640,69921,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,CarlCX,"You want to like this a lot because it's actually a pretty decently-balanced, well-made multiplayer first-person fighting game, and that's not even a thing that should actually be possiblebut the audience reduction is so, so, so bad (gamers>pc gamers>multiplayer-only pc gamers>first-person multiplayer-only pc gamers>first-person multiplayer-only pc gamers with a fetish for Medieval Times) that the only people you will ever get to play with are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s like xXx♥♥♥♥♥♥SlayerxXx and Sir Dickpumper the Black who will spend the whole thing making everything miserable(seriously I played three rounds with a dude named Stab Kikes)"
,Recommended,219640,5011853,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Waffleman45,Not for the faint of heart
,Recommended,219640,6041562,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,SrH,Great multiplayer fun :)
76561198026074229,Recommended,219640,3687184,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,It's Mer!,"I was completely wrong with my initial impressions of this game. I bought this over a year ago and just started playing it now. I played the tutorial, was completely underwhelmed and put it down for a long time. Recently I caught someone playing it on Twitch and was like, wow, that looks fun and it totally is.Take the PvP aspects of games like Call of Duty but take out guns and put in medival weapons and that gives you Chivalry. Now the combat is not weaon swing fests, you have to use tact in battle or you will repeatidly die. Blocking and evading enemy attacks and capitalizing on openings is your best bet. Also, Bows, Xbows and Javelins offer some challenging and rewarding gameplay as well.This game has the potential to be quite frustrating. Some kills seem cheap, as you will attack an enemy that seemingly goes through them and then they decapitate you.  That aside, the fun to be had in this game outweighs the negatives and even if i'm not playing particularly well, I'm still having a good time playing."
76561198029972674,Recommended,219640,7959730,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,welcom2,Really great game. FOR THE IRON CLAW!
,Recommended,219640,7960573,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,TripleFire,The most fun multi player first person melee game yet!
,Recommended,219640,7961232,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Sexual Harassment Panda,This game is good game you can just run in and swing your sword and shield around or you can thing through the attack there are a few classes and you can unlock more weapons and playing with a mate is fun there are fights that can go up to 32 people and there are fights with just one on one and you can find your fighting style.
,Recommended,219640,7962064,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,ArabianPineapple,Its a good game and if your cpu doesnt lag.... than it would be great!
76561197985212053,Recommended,219640,7963304,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Sunstyle,Addictive mindless fun
76561198042596347,Recommended,219640,7963479,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,myfriendfate,"A good game overall. Mainly fun to play with friends, otherwise it can get pretty boring."
76561198046022115,Recommended,219640,7963913,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Cluckmar,This game is a lot of fun and I love the PvP Mellee style!
76561198069735601,Recommended,219640,7964580,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,woods,prety good game for its price
76561198074554732,Recommended,219640,7677854,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,GrayBeard,"im still having fun with this game, and will check out the dlc soon"
76561198056115240,Recommended,219640,5939083,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Olintharg,"Sweet game! loads of fun, kinda like call of duty but close combat for the most part and a lot harder! :)"
,Recommended,219640,3985020,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,DJuntz,I CUT OFF FREDDIE'S HEAD! nuf said.
,Not Recommended,219640,16918123,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Wolfram,"Mods are locked by paywall, I really shouldn't have to say more.Also the combat is easily cheesed into a spinning mess."
,Recommended,219640,16918379,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Papes,"This game is really funny!  Which is good because a lot of other games stress me out and when i need a funny and fun game to play I have this game!  Just don't get so competitve and just enjoy the taunts, ridiculous deaths, and hilarious gameplay! AGATHA FOREVER!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,219640,13601333,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,-mHm|HellsAdvocate-,"Torn Banner's attempt was valient at first, but it's been a long time since they stopped trying to fix the games many problems, including hitbox issues (swords going through people and not hitting them), hitbox manipulation (moving your body in a way where your hitbox isn't able to be hit), and mouse manipulation (turning the sensitivity way up to allow yourself to do 360 noscopes with weapons)."
76561198079632258,Recommended,219640,16920096,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,bountykilla,"This game is great, so many new maps, non stop action, realistic combat and injuries. Great customization (i'm the one with the Grey Direwolf in a Snow White Field banner)"
76561198018974407,Not Recommended,219640,10260821,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Treedog,"Do not buy this game.this game was soooo much fun, now there is just Aimbots, Blockbots, Health hacks and its really terrible.Also the people who play are the worst! DO not play this game"
,Recommended,219640,16883072,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Greyclaw,"Wanna be a Medieval Knight? Sure you do. Want to smite thy dirty Mason Order foes whilst screaming Monty Python quotes? Of course you do. This game's for everyone, this game is for you."
,Recommended,219640,16886440,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Treagle350,"Great game, it plays really well. There however is a learning curve for beginners, but once the basics have been mastered then there's quite some fun bound to this game. All classes feel balanced, but repeatedly being killing by a crowd and sometimes unbalanced teames are so far the only downsides I have encountered with this game."
,Recommended,219640,11448370,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,dirtytac0,Great game with a great community (In Australia at least) but all the Australian servers for DW are gone.
76561197976726188,Not Recommended,219640,16889444,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,YankeeBlueJeans,dont pick up unless on sale
76561198031977468,Recommended,219640,16890571,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Join or Die,tis but a scratch
,Recommended,219640,9097145,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,SalmonToastie,"Great medieval fighting techniques, i espicailly like the dlc deadliest warrior"
76561198064919457,Not Recommended,219640,16895044,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,illa Ta7een,"Hitboxes are not good, too many exploits, glitches, and bugs."
76561197992852621,Recommended,219640,17469435,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,MoshLad,"Apparently a war broke out about race, religion and all things heretic and blood was shed,then I went home and logged in and played Chivalry."
76561198020400079,Recommended,219640,17470128,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Hubbamanjala,"I came, i feinted, i became a king"
76561198016242879,Not Recommended,219640,17470721,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,CoolGuyGeorge,"For the DLC, just save the 20 $. If  you've played regular chivalry, you've played this. Some new maps...but weapons are horribly balanced imo. Lower tier weapons that you start out with are frustrating to use, so leveling up is sluggish and a chore. I didn't think Torn Banner could release a buggier game than the original Medieval Warfare, but I guess I was wrong.... Alt+Tab'ing out of this game is hit or miss, sometimes it will make the game crash. Random fps drops for seemingly no reason, poor hit detection in some matches, and losing connection from ""official dedicated maps"" between games culminates into a pretty dissapointing experience. Like I said, save the 20$ and go buy Rocket League or something..."
76561198012758409,Recommended,219640,17789008,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,حرية جزر المالديف,Nothing to review here. Game is good in all respects!
76561197979426038,Not Recommended,219640,17790936,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,CrispyMcToast,Linux version is buggy.
76561198058230655,Not Recommended,219640,17791078,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Lamey-Chan,isn't worth the money
,Recommended,219640,17778585,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Semi-Disappointing Potato Salad,Amazing Game love it! but i cant play it anymore becouse my cousin went on my computer and got me banned. But still is a great game Everyone should have it!
,Recommended,219640,17870970,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Fatman4849,pretty dank
76561198062718483,Recommended,219640,17871241,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Capetsino,"Undiluted fun. Like playing a typical FPS shooter... except with swords. Despite how it looks it isn't as simple either. It takes plenty of time to grasp the basics of fighting, timing your attacks and blocks is harder than it looks too."
76561198005057007,Recommended,219640,13920452,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,WhiteHound,FINALLY!!!! You guys pached the glitch where my character would spin in circles endlessly. Overall pretty fun. Just 1 question. There was a rumor that you get a golden helmet or something if you played 1000 hours. Is this true?
,Recommended,219640,16086567,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Eldirun,"While I am sadly not very good at the game post 220 hrs of gameplay, I still love it. Some people will wreck you. You will rage quit from time to time. But at the end of the day, you will find yourself returning for more.In my opinion, this is a must have for your steam library. It is worth every penny."
,Recommended,219640,16086988,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Hue,It is very good8/10
,Recommended,219640,16087115,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Tonic,This game is a great game when it's not full of people from the free weekend. Give it some time and it will return to being playable. During a free weekend and a bit after this game becomes unplayable because the people suck.
76561198166778353,Recommended,219640,16087116,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Z-Golden,Its a great game and alot of fun. its the best bang for your buck for sure
,Recommended,219640,16087185,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,KnivesSurvives,"Played this as my first steam game on trial and my first purchased game! It impressed me because it was fun, light hearted but also is serious. Must get!"
12345678901248934,Recommended,219640,16087566,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,RJN3,Very nice game overall.Downsides:-needs more work on aiming system for arrorws/crossbows-more maps-joining serversGood Stuff-Graphics  amazing- nice damage model-very good meleeOverall i love this game cant stop playing it #ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED for kfc CLICK ON LINKLOL:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-mm8FumurM
,Recommended,219640,16087656,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Goulderchauf,It's a great concept but it's the same as every other multiplayer game; nobody cares about the objectives.
76561198053433638,Recommended,219640,16087912,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Ramö,"12,000 players or riot!"
76561198135260769,Recommended,219640,16087929,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Doc,"First off, the ""unfair matching"" is completely false. Yes, the game automatically gives you servers that have higher ranked players, but this is also a good thing. If you fight against a skilled player, you can easily see the technique of which he fights, allowing you to progress faster than you would fighting a ""noob."" now, you can also add a filter that allows you to find servers with a player rank limit.I also have yet to see a hacker in the game, now my hours have been low, but I've seen enough games where I can honestly say there are 0 hackers.One thing, you will get team killed A LOT, but this only raises the realism, and brutality of the game. Notice how I say brutality, this game is not afraid to bring the gruesome warfare to the player, and swordplay requires skill, which is a good thing. Games have been holding player's hands for too long now.Overall, this is an amazing game, and I have no complaints.I would rate 11/10"
,Recommended,219640,16088709,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Grape Ape,great combat and never gets old!!
76561197984378697,Recommended,219640,7859749,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,JAWW,"Keep back peddling Ill getcha...This game is very fast paced and unforgiving. Your team mates will hate you if u keep swing into their backs.Sometimes it’s good to watch a person who has more levels than u fight..You need room move, room strike a person down or side step an enemies’ attack.Play the training allot to get ur placement of slashes, chops, and thrusts to perfection..See you on the battle field lay face down if I can help it.. Happy hunting.."
76561198065688932,Recommended,219640,16088963,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,docgonzo25,"Buy it now. It's a ""breath of fresh air"", for those that tire of call of duty. You're going to want that little 3 dollar expansion too."
,Recommended,219640,16089119,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,TumidMcNasty,This game is EPIC!
76561198008289132,Recommended,219640,16089175,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,TeamhamsterFTW,"Ignore the bad reviews.the only reason people wouldnt like this is because they suck at it or think people have cheap strats.  the fun part is countering those who have cheap strats and practicing to get better!ive loved this game since i got it, its an all around good game! I would strongly recommend, its basically call of duty in medieval times, A.K.A. ultra awesomeness!"
76561198154553366,Recommended,219640,16089278,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Donald trump 2016,This is a great game i think any 1 who likes history should play thisgame
76561198156466946,Recommended,219640,16089317,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,The_Moist_Police,"If you people out there like playing online and the medieval times, this is that game to play!"
,Recommended,219640,16089347,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,RATTLE ME BONES,"A nice fun stabby simulator 2015, however everyone knows that we have only ONE true enemy, lag"
,Recommended,219640,16089352,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Blank,great game with a fantastic learning curve and very well put together classes as well as large variety of weapons and and mechanics
76561197974463742,Recommended,219640,16089369,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Labchimp,UUUUUAAAAAHAHHHHGHGHGHHGH!
76561198041893697,Recommended,219640,16089475,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,AntsInMyEyesJohnson,Recommended by 9 out of 9 duchesses
,Recommended,219640,17715373,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Dracoriax,"If you enjoy bloody dismemberment, sorta historical weapons & armour and enjoy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥people off as an archer? If your answer is yes to any of these buy the game."
,Recommended,219640,17716264,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Edgy Jum,"Surprisingly fun, very technical combat, and full of testosterone poisoning. Would recommend to anyone that likes swords. And even people that don't."
76561198100006218,Not Recommended,219640,17716272,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,c_fedden,I'll quite clearly hit a guy directly in the face with a broadsword and it does nothing but the seond a dagger scrapes me i die. Also laggy as it gets
,Recommended,219640,17717008,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,[Chwyyy],Warning: Timing and accuracy required to be successful in this game. Also be prepared to rofl. Very fun way to kill time! Nuff Said..
76561198119976317,Not Recommended,219640,17711719,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Darth Vader,"I do not really recommend this game, because of how much the Developers have changed it. They have changed the weapon stats, there are numerous exploits, and the community is not very kind in the slightest. there is no limit to your actions, and because of this, i quite literally have been cursed and cussed at by middle schoolers. They will actively TK you *Team Kill*. this game has actually earned the title of ""The TK-ing Simulator"" no joke. as far as gameplay goes, It simply takes hours and hours of training, and for me, it ended up in a trial and error. i've played this for a long time. The game is also very unbalanced, when you have veteran players on one team, and all of the noobs on the other. that would not be fun would it? -no. it's not fun. unless you want to play for several hours trying to kill someone, don't try it. I'm being completely honest here. this is why i do not play this game anymore, it used to be good. with 500 hours, IK what i'm talking about."
76561198135750644,Recommended,219640,17718141,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Dayman,I punched a dudes head off once.
76561198008927071,Recommended,219640,17718750,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,General Dow,"Killed 10 people in a row with crossbow, got booted because they decided I was hacking. 10/10."
76561198064024536,Not Recommended,219640,30417657,Posted: 9 March,all,sG | Timeassassin103,Picking up speedRunning out of timeGoing head to headIt's a way of lifeYou gotta fall downMeet groundTo get back up againLet's BeybladeSpinning it outAt the speed of soundGotta rip it upNow the bet is downWe're the team with the bangOur gang is the one that's gonna winLet's BeybladeBeybladeLet's BeybladeLet's BeybladeBeybladeLet it rip
,Recommended,219640,17494993,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,The Seed Is Strong,"Online Multiplayer First Person Medieval Combat......do i  need to say more?.... no, not really"
76561198176795838,Recommended,219640,14791306,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Desu Vult,"My first day in the world of Chivalry: Medieval WarfareSo when i started playing, i hopped in the first server i saw after the tutorial.Then i stood at a cliff to take in my surroundings for the first time, then this guy( from the same team ) kicked me off the cliff and said ""Welcome to Chivalry"".10/10 would be kicked off a cliff again."
,Recommended,219640,17498576,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Elaine Beanes,"Buncha gotdam queers queerin it up with them poleaxe queers yellin and stuf before they swing. I dont remember WWII being this ♥♥♥♥♥♥-y but you know things are with Obama7/10Could be coolerCould be lamerProTip: Play Mount and Blade, its just a grand strategy version of Chivalry, where the giant battles are like chivalry battles."
,Not Recommended,219640,17498975,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Andre Solo,"Don't get it for mac, it is just completely unplayable (as for 08/12/2015)"
,Not Recommended,219640,17501181,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,NadavPlayz,didnt excepted that the games will be so bad
,Recommended,219640,17503493,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Mr Eko,A good change from bullets.
,Recommended,219640,8168080,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Forkbill Wallace,Chivuru: Medievuru Warfuru bunduru
76561198162382550,Recommended,219640,17760057,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Gazingwolf,Great game that keeps you coming back for more even though you die a lot. People are really good at kicking out bad apples. The only negative is 1 out of 5 servers are good for the casual player.
,Recommended,219640,17760549,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Phil,10/10 would hack again.
76561198070224840,Recommended,219640,8245017,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dave,A brutally captivating game graphically bound to offer unforgettable gameplay.
76561197999415216,Recommended,219640,1895125,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Freedoms,"If you've ever wanted to be Russell Crowe in the Gladiator, the Hound in GoT or feel like a god, play this game. Charging over a hill, screaming a warcry as you slam into the enemy will rank as one of the best experiences you have in front of a screen.Warning: May find yourself shouting 'Are you not entertained?' and other movie one liners at your screen and generally alarming those close to you."
76561198116699318,Recommended,219640,8246747,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Greesh,"Great game! Very addictive right from the start. The offline turorial helps get the basics down, then its just like any other FPS online game, have to play to improve. Lots of fun, I see my self sinking more time then I should into this."
,Recommended,219640,8247742,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Spantastik,"Really good game! Amazing graphics and maps, just fairly tricky to get a hold on the combat."
,Recommended,219640,8249012,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sontendo,Be sure that you get the complete version that comes with Deadliest Warrior! Then you can fight for the glory of Sparta!!!!
76561198079350244,Not Recommended,219640,8228739,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gunblazerz50,"Only for 32-bit computers. If you have a 64-bit computer, don't even bother."
76561198005940340,Recommended,219640,8229122,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,☯ SparKzZ ☯,"Such a fun game, you'll never get bored of it."
,Recommended,219640,8229888,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Skelly,"Great game, very fun. If you like sword combat this is your game."
,Recommended,219640,8230103,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,HOSTAGE CANNON,Lots of bloody good fun!
76561198045131906,Recommended,219640,8230392,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,9meme0,Tons of fun
76561197987897471,Not Recommended,219640,8230864,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gatz,The game would be good if it weren't so buggy. It's a shame really because it's otherwise a very enjoyable game. I tried really hard to look past these flaws but it's hard to reccommend such a broken product. Especially when there seems to be no will from the developers side to address these issues.
76561198104063450,Recommended,219640,8231068,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lord of The Scrolls,This is the most glorious game ever made
,Recommended,219640,8231309,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Remy Boys // Minua,"worth it, especially during holiday sale!"
,Recommended,219640,8232119,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Xander,"Great game, looks beautiful and feels it too, the rush of the chants and screams as you charge the battlefield makes the game priceless, this is definately a must have combat game!!!"
,Recommended,219640,8232234,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Poni Parreira,It's really good :D
76561198095523028,Recommended,219640,8232828,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sensei,Much MedievilSuch GoreSo Knightswow
,Recommended,219640,1303284,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,NeverGrind,FPS First Person Slasher.It's pretty visceral arena fighting.
,Recommended,219640,8233799,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Leckergano,wrawr
,Recommended,219640,8234311,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Big Moist,i cut a mans legs off. no complaints
76561197994597299,Recommended,219640,8235562,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Mean_Breen,The most enjoyable online first person multiplayer experience I've had since Bad Company 2.
76561198036488064,Recommended,219640,4398053,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Rezonance #FreeKekistan,"By far one of the most interesting first person experiences. Though it may seem like it is a simple game, you as a player have a lot of room to better yourself at it. It infact may seem to have a very steep learning curve which you will find out after battling level 40's who kill you 99% of the time. It will have nothing to do with your gear, XP or general progression - just your personal skill in the game.I would recommend this to anyone who is interested in a unique first-person war experience that differs from your usual Call of Duty or Battlefield franchises."
76561197981802908,Recommended,219640,8235857,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kariko,"Fare thee well, young squires? I'd like to recommend you this excellent game. Very simple, incredibly dynamic, give hell of a fun. I'd recommend it to anyone, above 18 year old (game is quite gory). Chivalry has one unique value, it gives the feeling of weapons' and armours' weight. The game contains many maps, various modes, so it does not bore. On the contrary to the War of the Roses (released almost at the same time) it does not give godlike benefits to the old-time players. Unlocked weapons are just variants, if you prefer to hit fast but strong - you choose A, or maybe you'd rather hit slow, but have long range - you choose B. There are no clear upgrades, you simply adjust unlocked weapons to your playstyle, so Chivalry is friendly for the new players. This is a great plus for me. So... what are you waiting for? Take up your sword and fight!"
,Recommended,219640,8235923,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dohnovahn,"Welcome to another review by Dohnovahn.Today we will be talking about the game Chivalry: Medieval Warfare.  I guess you could say this game is like a first person shooter but its a whole new genre in its own.I picked up this game when it was first released and I instantly fell in love. You cn play as 4 classes The Knight, the Vanguard, the Man-at-Arms and my favorite the Archer.  Each class has its own strengths and weakness towards other classes give the game a nice balanced dynamic.  One thing to remember is the lighter the armorer of the class the more challenging it is to play.When you begin playing you choose a faction, either the Mason order or the Agatha Knights this basically determines what team your on and you color.  There are many team modes like Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, FFA and Team objective etc.  But most of these you will recognize if you are familiar with first person shooters.Overall this game is just fun to play. I mean it is so satisfying when you take a small saber as an archer and melee the crap out of a heavy armored knight.  So you an your friends should all buy a copy on steam and play. You will not be disappointed.Sean."
76561198055378841,Recommended,219640,8236258,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Muk,im better then jared so dont try to play against me
,Recommended,219640,8236592,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,OmegaJeff,"This game has some special magic which makes it's first-person perspective melee combat actually work.  It encourages thoughtful positioning as well as quick reflexes.  It balances equipment load outs so that speed, power and defense all have their place on the field.The environments are well designed and pleasant to take in during momentary breaks from hectic battles.  The objectives vary heavily from death-match, to capture the flag, to bomb delivery, to complex multi-stage siege and defense missions.Unfortunately, it is online-arena only.  Outside of the tutorial, there is no single player or co-op campaign.  Simply a disparate collection of poorly named, poorly defined user hosted servers; where you can roll the dice and see what you end up with.  As is often the case for online games with no campaign or structure, it simply wasn't able to hold my attention for more than a few hours.  But I would love to see these mechanics transplanted into something more cohesive."
76561197972262510,Recommended,219640,7585677,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Nopin,"This is a great game if you like medival type warfare (obviously). If you don't like blood and gore this is not the game for you. It has lots of differant modes, from free for all to team objective. The classes are quite diverse even though they use a lot of the same wheapons. This game takes some skill to enjoy but is quite easy to pick up. Overall I enjoy this game and think it is an ingenious idea."
,Recommended,219640,8237615,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Poetart,Slice peoples heads off and launch yourself into the skkkkyyyyy
76561198073040101,Recommended,219640,8237817,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,death416,Very Simple but fun game.  A game where dying is even a little fun.
76561198043817609,Recommended,219640,8238170,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,RaptorBeast7,This game is epic! Medival Madness and Blood everywhere!!
76561198025746455,Recommended,219640,8238689,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Don Alfonso,"Medieval Warfare is just what this is. Various maps and game modes completely relevant to the time frame. Not limited to seige, there is also deathmatch and other interesting objective missions.The combat mechanics are beyond extensive and accurate. Taking damage and delivering it takes the form of actual wounds, blood staining and even dismemberment, or head exploding! Helmets fall off when shot and arrows become embeded in the body. Seige weapons can be used too!All this comes together into a fun and immersive medieval combat multiplayer game. Worth playing it with friends."
76561197975562106,Recommended,219640,7652494,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,andy,类似反恐精英的竞技游戏，如果你喜欢中世纪风格，冷兵器类游戏，强烈推荐。
,Recommended,219640,16845183,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,DrKillzown,"Chivalry is an absolutely amazing game, with a sophisticated combat platform, it makes playing very easy, but mastering very difficult. After over 300 hours i'm still learning new tips, tricks, and moves to confuse, out-manouver, tire and kill my enemies. Each class has its own weapon sets with each class having between 10 or 11 weapons each. Each one posses their own unique attributes and can be utilised in many ways. Chivalry by far is one of the most worthwhile buys of my Entire Steam library, could not reccomend this game enough!"
,Not Recommended,219640,16845544,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,_AsYLUM,I've never seen so many people in one game just spam the left mouse button.Game is based souly on luck if you are rank below 10GG 10/10
76561198079673996,Recommended,219640,16850229,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Meneer,"It took me some time to get the basics, but once you do, this game is really fun. There are multiple game modes, including team deathmatch, free for all, team objective, and duel. The game is good enough when playing on your own against random people, but it becomes amazing when you team up with a few friends. Overall this game is quite good, but I would wait until a sale to buy it."
,Recommended,219640,16850408,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Maniac of Gadara,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare sends you, the player, into a fictional world and then battles you against players from all over the world. As you besiege castles and raid villages to eather take up with the rebel warlord and his Mason Order, or for the king and his Agatha Knights! This is a bloody slasher you don't want to miss."
,Recommended,219640,13034658,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,𝔇尺_丂wﾑ刀,"A fantastic break from modern FPS, classic gameplay and timeless fun."
,Recommended,219640,17209024,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Rat$.Blizzard,"A wonderful game that is very entertaining, from the gritty swordfights, to the silly voice acting. I have sunk many hours into this game and strongly recommend it to anyone that enjoys  medieval time period games like Mount & Blade, and first person sword fighting."
,Recommended,219640,11089281,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,KennyTheKangaroo,dis gam iz s0 b4d dun g3t
,Recommended,219640,17217965,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,s11,"It's a pretty fun game to play with friends, there will be many funny and intense times in the games, but the only small problem is that there are many high levels getting queued with low levels so it would kinda be unfair to the new players, so maybe they could have a level difference server."
76561198055207363,Recommended,219640,16617899,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dante Must Die,Amazing game which brings your adrenaline up while you charging and screaming the castle only to see your head split open from a stray teammate arrow.Kinda simulates real gritty medieval combat which was just massive slaughter :D
,Recommended,219640,16618068,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,AnnOiyiN?,10/10 gorefest :))))))))))))
,Recommended,219640,16618191,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,WolfHunter5,Great game. You can easly win with some team work and by making new combos to literaly smash the oponents.
76561198044739599,Recommended,219640,16678704,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bad pingo,Juicy
,Recommended,219640,16679470,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Skull Knigga,It's fun to play on normal multiplayer and especially fun to play with friends. Looks pretty good and run it too.
,Recommended,219640,16680223,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Saints,"Amazing combat , intense battles , what more could you ask for :) For the order!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,16721928,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Mr. Worldwide,No my lord.
13567098746098713,Not Recommended,219640,16722140,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ebibe,"same problem as before, like Skyrim but without gunz0/0"
76561197988589372,Recommended,219640,1179110,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,No bueno,There is a button just for screaming definite must buy.
,Recommended,219640,16723673,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Duke Nukem,"Changed my IGN to 'ISIS Warrior' and got my whole team to shout ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" in chat while beheading enemy infidels.ISIS/10 would behead again"
,Recommended,219640,16723913,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,h3xw1z4rd,Epic fun
,Recommended,219640,16699403,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,A homework a day keep dota away,worth it
,Not Recommended,219640,16701692,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,✪ Ra♫d♂mD¡R↑™,WHY CAN I PLAY BF4 ON THE HIGHEST GRAFICSSSS! BUT THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥LAGS ON LOWEST!
,Recommended,219640,16703974,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,waiting for iphone y,one of the best pc exclusives out there
,Recommended,219640,16706114,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Mr. OneTwo,madness reigns.
76561198070274345,Recommended,219640,16707276,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Stephen,pretty spaztastic
76561198083457973,Recommended,219640,16708003,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,᠋qwerty,Knights the most op class archer (unless your good) is the worst
76561198050496392,Recommended,219640,16709499,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Berd,Screaming simulatorDecapitated an enemy's head with a javelin which he proceeded to kick like a soccer ball.Kept screaming 10/10
76561198098227739,Recommended,219640,16709548,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dio Brando,Best japanese anime swordfighting simulato 8/10 will desu desu nisaan head again
,Recommended,219640,16709556,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,NovusGuitar,Such an awesome game. It's come a long way since it's original release. I used to play Rune: HOV.  That game was a lot of fun and this is a much more advanced version of that. So much fun!
,Recommended,219640,16710204,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ablepsy,This game is really good well the Medieval Warfare part I cant get the other version to work anyways im not sure if its the gameplay or the fact that im a sucker for Medieval stuff and let alone Warefare and another good thing is that there are not any hackers so feel free and by the way get this with a friend because it is super fun to duel each other anyways super fun get it
,Recommended,219640,16604385,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,IacoMaic,Kicked a guy into a river10/10
,Recommended,219640,15678136,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,not-so-pro-gamer,Do you want to no scope a knight with an arrow? Do you have a burning desire to set wheat feilds ablaze? wecome this game to your library so all your need shall be fufilled.
76561197964319835,Recommended,219640,15679666,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Stogey,Awesome game great grafix good sound very emersive good content updates and great team play.
,Recommended,219640,4612485,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Chimping out,"Fun game, nice to have a change from all these shooter cod-like out there."
,Recommended,219640,15543053,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,0127,"As a quick summary, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a fantastic game, in the right circumstances. While I don't have that many hours on the game (Mainly because I enjoy playing a whole range of games) I can say that I truly love it. Most of the hours I have in the game are continuous.Game Modes:Duels - Every match of duels I have played has been fun. From the learning to the mastering. I have only ever played against polite, and for the most part, experienced players.  Who have gone as far as teaching me the basics. Personally, I think duels is what this game is made for. But that will come up for the next game mode.Team Objective - Although I just stated that Chivalry, in my opinion, was made for duels, team obj is a fun mode to play when you don't want to be competative or generally just want to relax. DO NOT, and I repeat, DO NOT play team obj competativly if you don't want to be pi**ed off. I made this mistake, and for the first few hours, hated the game. The hit reg and amount of 6v1's that happen gets annoying. (I understand that you should stay away from those situations, but on most maps, you are unable to take any other route). But, for the most part, team obj is fun for relaxing and playing with friends.There is no more game modes, due to the fact that no servers (Populated that is) run anything other than the previously mentioned game modes.There would be more to this review, but, as there is no single player, other than the training.All in all, for the price (I suggest CD key sites, e.g♥♥♥♥♥ and the experience you get, it is worth looking into buying. If you have the patience to learn, this game not only becomes fun, but you get an awesome feeling when you can kill people with ease. Especially the decapitations!tl;dr, Buy this game if you are interested in this time period and enjoy hand to hand combat."
76561198148502900,Recommended,219640,15530506,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,=Klutch= The Klutcher,Gives what it promises. But heed the fist-clenchingly immature game community.
76561198068603831,Recommended,219640,6542608,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Pocket^,Love this game hilarious moments worth the buy.
76561198062258630,Recommended,219640,15719692,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,FluffyBunny69,An enemy cut my head off along with 2 of his comrades.3 severed heads/10: Would bait teamkill again
76561198081961309,Not Recommended,219640,15721008,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Pink,"Don't blow your money on this. The game feels very unfinished. The team-killing is the worst, I've never seen another game with it so bad. The gameplay is unbalanced. The gameplay is also very spammy. It takes little skill. There is also very little conent. Just buy mount and blade and get a few mods."
76561197978191703,Recommended,219640,15724534,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Sensel3ss,"Having played this game for 500+ hours I am still torn.It really has its moments, when a group of knights, vanguards, man-at-arms and archers screamingly rush towards the enemy. On the other hand there are still some flaws, which I'm still unsure about if they issue from the server/opponent itself (said: ping) or if there still is an issue with hitboxes game-wise.Nevertheless, new maps made my the community are pretty fun. Especially once you played several hundred hours on the same ~5 (team objective) maps.The most important part in this game is of course the combat. Every weapon got 6 different attacks (stab, overhead, slash and an alternative for each of those). Due to that, different tactics like feinting or dragging there are still challenging fights once you consider yourself an experienced player.If you where looking for some medieval melee game (FPS/TPS - depends on server) and you can deal with a more arcade approach and no historical references whatsoever, you might want to take a look at this game."
76561198127435305,Recommended,219640,15735589,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,...,AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561197970625184,Recommended,219640,438895,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,[TU]GrandMooch,"My first recommendation was off-base, This game is insanely fun, yet also induces rage. The first few hours involve many deaths, but after you figure it out, it has even more deaths. Most of them not yours.Hopefully.Get out and enjoy it!"
,Recommended,219640,15333245,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,DeltaDrifter,"All for AgathaRisk purchase, well worth moneyFond memories, poke"
,Not Recommended,219640,15335664,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,wacko0404,i bought this for the deadliest warrior pack. and it says i have it downloaded but its not on my pc. thanks steam. the original chivalry is garbage and thats all i have access to.
,Recommended,219640,7471750,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Yang,"It's a solid medieval warfare simulator. I really enjoyed chopping off limbs. This game really depends upon skill, relying on your reaction time and experience. I've raged at this game and it was still amazing."
,Not Recommended,219640,15761661,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Swearing_imp,I have nothing nice to say about this game.
76561197994567622,Recommended,219640,15586824,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Wazzock,"First person, fun, fast paced, and bloody!  Who hasnt wondered how amazing and awful a middle age war/fight would have been.  This is your chance."
,Not Recommended,219640,11654698,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,cowsaysoink,"dont worry about the balance issues, easily exploitable game mechanics and the map that breaks servers. buy some skins."
,Recommended,219640,3165844,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,WARMRAMEN,COME HITHA!!
,Recommended,219640,15590646,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,inuush,Flesh wound simulator 2k12 - 11/10
,Not Recommended,219640,15590945,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Kaptain Khaz,"kild my computron had to unplug to fixentate -5/20,000, F, see me after class"
76561198030398902,Recommended,219640,3994754,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Gooru,"One game was made to rule them all... Chivalry.Warning: Not for the feint of heart or poor sports. You will die, over and over and over again. Then some more.This game is for you if:1. After your first time watching Braveheart, you had day-dreams of weilding a weapon the field2. You desire combat mechanics more complex than most FPS games out there.3. You are a competative person, you have heart, and you come back for more until you learn how the pros do it.4. You like the satisfaction of your sword lopping of limbs or heads.5. You want to hear the clank of armor as you run and the clank of metal to metal when parrying a blow.6. You want to hold a sheild to try and defend against arrows, rocks, hatchets, throwing spears and knives.7. You want to learn how to out manuever another player to strike him in the side or back.8. You want an even playing field as far as equipment and stats are concerned (there is no leveling or purchasing of better equipement in this game. All bought equipment is just for looks.)9. You want to collarborate with your team to kill or defend your king (player with best score becomes king. Personally my favorite team objective scenarios).10. Enjoy periodic updates to game even though this is a finished game and is not in alpha. I think it is awesome of the developers to keep working on this game. It shows that this is their baby and I hope they continue to make it awesome.Don't play this game if:1. You are just going to cry like a baby every time somebody else is better than you.2. Don't like skill-based games because you have none or are too slow or uncoordinated.3. Find no satisfaction in learning new fighting techniques every other day.4. Hate the medieval era.Pros:Good graphics.Good physics.Good mechanics.Good sound.Very fun team gameplay.They have huge sales often, so you get noobs that are fun to show off your skillz to.This also creates new players, so you most always have a server with players on it.There are multiple game types: FreeForAll, Team DeathMatch, Team Objective (like 10 or more different team objective maps with different objectives), capture the flag, king of the hill, 1 versus 1 duels. And other modes created by steam workshop.Cons:Some people are die-hards. I am pretty good at this game, but don't stand a chance against the elite players.Higher ranked players are tired of losing, they'll join the winning team and pretty soon you have stacked teams (I don't have much of a problem with this because if I join a team, we either win or usually come pretty close to winning.) However, this can certainly be frustrating.(Note: They do have servers dedicated to ranks 1 - 15. However, you get experienced players who buy Chivalry on another steam account so they can murder unsuspecting ranks 1 - 15. Losers, I know; but it happens).Despite how good the game mechanics are, there are still glitches.Despite the some of the cons, this is the best game ever made."
,Recommended,219640,16752923,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,RYL,*tries to kill enemy*  *kills enemy and 5 teamates*
,Recommended,219640,16753466,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ancient,AAAAAAGH!!!
,Recommended,219640,16753475,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Grandhaven,If you can't run this game at 60 fps then you shouldn't play it at all. It's just not the same when it's 30-40 on your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computers.
,Recommended,219640,16753674,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Cockan :o,"Like Mount & Blade battle mode on Source engine. Go get it on sales! It's developed from one of the best Source mods, Age of Chivalry."
,Recommended,219640,16754042,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Plain Kitty Katie,"I loved this game due to unbeliavable gore and sword, bow action and death.Dislike the fact of no DLC and not mod for The black knight"
76561198165779898,Recommended,219640,16755112,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Amateur Astronomer,Every players characters abilities on par!
,Recommended,219640,16755369,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Defuffle,great game for people who enjoy slashing other people. and also great for people who like the medieval times
,Recommended,219640,16618989,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Lazy Boner,This game gave me 20.7hs of fun. Recommended.
76561198002889389,Recommended,219640,16620725,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,LizardFolk,It's AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,219640,16623981,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,LucienSIAS,Nice one.I really recommend this game for all.
76561198212657904,Recommended,219640,16624911,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Arbiter,This game is so awsome it actually feels like I'm fighting in medieval times.Love this game to death
,Recommended,219640,6058462,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,Johnny B.,Chivalry ist im Vergleich zu damals einfach nur um das 100-Fache besser geworden.Unbedingt kaufen :D
,Recommended,219640,1794673,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Erikon,"Bring me his head, no! NOT that one !"
,Recommended,219640,1227283,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,BookHockey (Daddar),Medieval Warfare at it's best! Get this game!
,Not Recommended,219640,16628281,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Wunderboy,just installed and stuck on startup loading screen .what happen ? am i the only one ?
,Recommended,219640,16628439,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,scrubLord,"#OMFG this is an amazing online FPS (if you can call it that ''First Person Slasher''??) It is great, I mean you can chop heads off so WHY NOT, especially when on sale, I got it for £2.50 with DLC so well worth it!"
76561198032411769,Recommended,219640,13654482,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,CaptainUSSR[D2F],The only thing better than slashing someone's arm off is running your sword through their skull.
76561198119331818,Recommended,219640,13607900,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SGTSpaceKitty,Amazing!!
76561198008686104,Recommended,219640,13608400,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Clementine,This game is just so fun :D
,Recommended,219640,13610126,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ZrEikA,"Awesome game, must have, PC MASTER RACE!"
,Recommended,219640,13611187,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CAT DEL NORRIS,very fun and real to a point were it reminds me on monty python
76561198028896217,Recommended,219640,11006295,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Redwolf,Funny game :-)
,Recommended,219640,13643691,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Crane,The gore.
76561198136157217,Recommended,219640,13644603,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,minasfilip,BEST
76561197976544465,Recommended,219640,13645166,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JimboEz,As a child I always prefferd the sword game to the gun game.
,Recommended,219640,13646356,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Niko,Ops I Killed One of My Teammate Simulator but still awesome 10/10
76561198089550197,Recommended,219640,13646405,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Rabbit,Fun Medievial game
,Recommended,219640,13647920,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Killadankman,This game is epic
,Recommended,219640,13597517,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Profoot24,This game is 10-10 good graphics and action! I love it!
,Recommended,219640,13599346,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,balge,Probably the most satisfying game I have ever played. Ever. I find the sound of my axe smashing a peasants skull and hearing their little whimper of a scream pleasing. I may need help.
,Recommended,219640,13600100,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,kneecapslapper,"steam saled this b**ch and jumped straight in to a battle. running around the map for a couple of seconds when i noticed a couple of gents running towards me screaming like a pack of wild animals. i ran back realising i was alone but ran into a dead end :(  so i was going nowhere fast. game on i though im gonna f**k things up and heavan can wait cause i aint dying i told myself, this is it the monster is loose i was all revved up and nowhere to go so i ran at the barbarians like a bat out of hell.sword in hand, helmet  on head and my testicles making a retreat to my a**s at the sight of the oncoming onslaught. i was turned to meatloaf in an instant. 10/10 would play againsecond battle i was in a 3v1 and managed to get 2 of them,so i guess two out of three aint bad."
,Recommended,219640,13602999,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,BreathlessTuna89,"This game is rather large and requires a beefy computer for a good fps, but aside from that it is a great game, the only thing that doesn't satisfy me about it is the fact that you cant disembowel enemies or cut their heads in half"
,Recommended,219640,13603784,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,NIHILISTIC DRIFTER,played one game and attempted to use a bow and arrow only to find that i killed more of my teammates in the crossfire than i did enemies. i reccomend whole heartedly.
76561197971065954,Recommended,219640,13604010,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mr McWolfe,FOR THE ORDERRRRRRRRR!!!!
76561198000573369,Recommended,219640,13915384,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Vlakvarkie,I was pleasantly surprised.  Good game.Thumbs up!
,Recommended,219640,805517,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,Evil Paul,"Intense, bloody medieval madness. CounterStrike with swords."
,Not Recommended,219640,13873661,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Gnatty Ice,"Bugs, bugs, bugs. Clunky combat. For me, it's just a taunting and laughing simulator, because that's the only enjoyment I got out of it."
76561198157009410,Recommended,219640,13876040,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,|Tomsey | Gaming|,good game
76561198093939747,Recommended,219640,13876148,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dasheadcrap,The blood and gore are everywhere and the learning curve is VERY steep. The challange and epic bloody battles make this a very rewarding game. Although you'll die very often in your first weeks of playing the carnage and gore you see upo death is worth it. The duels you get into are very fun and challenging as well. Buy it if you're in for a challenge and love carnage.
76561198066662465,Recommended,219640,13877114,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Mango,"Its warfare with bows, arrows, and SWORDS whats not to love?"
76561197988236589,Recommended,219640,13878677,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,black_dragoon,"It's CoD with Medieval weapons. If that doesn't peek your interest you may want to look elsewhere. Chivalry comes complete with massive weapons, blood, violence, decapitations and a fair amount of raging. If you can run the game smoothly and find a server that you have a nice connection with, it can be a one hell of a good time."
76561198015104530,Recommended,219640,13842003,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,HoshiSama,"Awsome game. Did not regret buying. Best PVP game out there if you wanna bash someone's head till it explodes with only your fist. I screamed, laughed, cursed and cursed and cursed too many times when plaing this game.Team objective maps are fun when you have to work together and complete the task given. Team deathmatch mode is risky of teamkilling but hillarious and free for all mode is just a jolly good time playing.Recommend buying if you like gore and jokes.Drown in your own bloodA good arrow to the knee 10/10"
76561198012507659,Recommended,219640,13859895,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,NewLeaf,I pressed x alot and my guy said funny thingsHELPMEHELPMETHANKYOUBROTHERSHIEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHTAYENOFORTHEORDER/10.
,Recommended,219640,13861990,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Leeroy,"Worth buying at at least 33% off via my ""Never buy games at full price"" motto and ""Percentage-to-hours"" hypothesis (accounting hours played and enjoyment in regards to the absolute lowest percentage that I would consider buying it at if I suddenly lost the game and had to rebuy it).Pros:This game is solid and was the game that War of the Roses tried to be but failed miserably at: the quintessential medieval  multiplayer game. The controls are fluid, the classes make sense, the servers are stable and flowing with players, and there's lots of servers in regions unaccounted for in other games, like Australia. It's forgiving for new players thanks to low rank servers and a HELPFUL tutorial, something that games lack. Game has a lot of depth for something that's simple on the surface (like Pokemon and Counter Strike: Global Offensive) so veteran players always have room to improve. Can't win a 6v1 so teamwork is important. Team kills and friendly fire balances the game so that weapons like Zwei or Messer aren't the only viable weapon 100% of the time. People can kick others if they grief or hog a spot with high ping/long idle times.Cons:While there's a lot of players in servers, you will often encounter a server list with either 24/24 or 32/32 OR 0/24 (and 0/32), so basically half the time the servers are full or completely empty. You can often get into what appear to be full games sometimes, but other times you'll be spamming ""Connect"" for a few minutes hoping to get in. While the game is balanced, things like Archer daggers blocking Maul and Messer weapons, Vanguard Claymore/Zwei charge One-Hit Kill attacks, and broadsword (not sure if right weapon, but one weapon does) having an impossible to predict riposte and feint are clearly overpowered, and weapons like the Flail and Warhammer are ridiculously underpowered (and in Flail's case, just poorly designed). Sometimes characters bug out and parries don't work/reach of weapon is longer or shorter than it should be which leads to undeserved deaths. People can be griefers and team kill with no consequence to them if the enemy team refuses to kick them.The cons aren't game breaking most of the time, and are mostly inconsequential, and don't impact the game as negatively as they might sound. I think this game deserves an 8.5/10 for being one of the best multiplayer experiences out there."
,Recommended,219640,13895694,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,！Lalala | EtaCarinae,"Is Chivalry Worth it? , It depends on what type of person you are. Chivalry is a Hardcore Medieval Melee ♥♥♥♥fest . Where men in shiny plate armor clash it out on various different battlefields of the medieval era. The class choices split into four different classes. Men at arms , Archer(Scumbag) , The Vanguard and lastly the HONOURABLE Knight. Yes im Biased , Deal with it. Each class has their own different traits that make them unique ( OR ♥♥♥♥ING ANNOYING ) . The weapons in the game are pretty fair in their own right. Each class Armed with a weapon that they would or normally would be Armed with in the medieval times. The unlock system is sticks and stones. you unlock different weapons based on what kind of weapon you were playing with. A Spear unlocks another spear , a sword unlocks another sword. Each Unlock though is not a straight up better weapon , Chivalry is pretty balanced that in a sense , Lets take the claymore for an example , its an unlock of the first two handed swords used by the vanguards. It lacks the stopping(Slashing) power and range of its previous counterpart which is the greatsword . but it offers it back in terms of speed .  Despite what many people say about the community i rarely find cancers in the current community that im in. Everyone pretty friendly . Pretty Helpful. Lack of hackers.Whats there not to like? A Melee , Medieval ♥♥♥♥fest of a game called Chivalry.  I Absolutely God forbid my heart and soul , ♥♥♥♥ing love the living daylights out of this game. (Dont judge me)the next step is to decide if you do."
76561198068458987,Recommended,219640,13899281,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Pashol ti nahui,The best vote ban/teamkilling simulator i ever played. 11/10
76561198108838937,Recommended,219640,13901071,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,blastfreak,"Not the best game I've ever played, but certainly unique and very fun.8/10"
,Recommended,219640,13902293,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Slippery When Wet,pretty awesome idea just some bugs here and there
,Recommended,219640,13852292,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Sir Noobicus,A bit harsh to newcomers but has a very deep combat system that despite its flaws I think anyone can enjoy. I've played over 300 hours and still I'm learning new mechanics and tactics to play. Definately recommend picking this up.
,Recommended,219640,13853664,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Mexican Kid,"Kicked a guy in the face, stabbed some guy with a hammer and ripped both his arms off and got decappiteted by a dagger11/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,2252186,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Pess,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing horribleIt is even worse than it was before, don't get this game if you value your mental healthIts a slow-paced game and it has it attracts its own set of people."
,Recommended,219640,13856297,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Paraleo,"What turned me off this game was the ridiculous unreal jumping around,that is why  I never played past tutorial.But counter strike players should feel right at home."
,Recommended,219640,13856833,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Hunter Zolomon,AGATHAAA!!!!
76561198048439886,Recommended,219640,13904202,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Z-Smasher Ultra,"A realistic medieval warfare game with focus placed on combat, with hit placement and timing being key features. The only downside I can see to this game is when playing on a large server, it lags a bit and makes fighting a lot harder. Other than that, this is a great game."
,Recommended,219640,13905155,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,For My Beau <3 - D,fun game just need horses!!!
,Recommended,219640,13906162,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,VapeNation | Nutz,Ever swing sticks and dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥like that around pretending they were medivieval weapons as a kid ? Yes ? Buy this game.
76561198042989809,Recommended,219640,13919521,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Jayson,The best part about this game is the team killing.
76561198122424853,Recommended,219640,13925231,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Musketman203,"this is a fun to play game with lots of future potential, game modes and maps are cool and allow for some tactical gameplay.  my only ""complaint"" is the AI (but it will probably be patched in later updates) needs some work, as they currnely do not help with objectives and offen get stuck in spwan and do nothing all game, however your overall expearience will be online gameplay with no AI so no game is ever the same, which keeps the game interesting and challanging.the saperate classes bring alot to the game and allow you to play however you want. like staying back and firing bows and arrows or ripping peoples face off with a battleaxe, you'll have to choose what suits your play style most, and even then you can choose different weapons to use.over all i love this game and cant wait to see what they being in future updates..."
,Recommended,219640,11705522,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,KMA,fun!
,Recommended,219640,13929911,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Pitt,I like the gory battles. Love the style and art. 7/10
76561198013019548,Recommended,219640,13930712,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Argilus,An epic saga about a civil-war in leper colony.
76561198051550666,Recommended,219640,5539233,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,BONANZA,I would recommend it to anyone except those who cry when they get their♥♥♥♥♥beaten.
,Recommended,219640,1478320,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Secret.Fart,"It's like playing through a show at Medieval Times, but it doesn't cost you hundreds of dollars"
76561197994546022,Recommended,219640,1548406,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,JoneseyKempo,Acw game
,Recommended,219640,9283592,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Sheader,"One of few good games. Where you actually need some skill instead of bashing your button the quickest.I would definitely recommend it, Its hard, brutal, funny at the same time."
76561198098301269,Recommended,219640,14057593,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Dee_Monkey,GREAT game. Absolutly love it. Me and my freinds started calling it Medieval Decapitation Simulator couse thats pretty much what it is. It is much more fun to play it with freinds than with strangers.Only a few cons:No way to turn down the gore level.Steam just moved it to linux (unofficialy) but havn't realy.
,Recommended,219640,4267548,"Posted: 15 December, 2012",all,Shotgun Teddy,"A fan of Total War or Elder Scrolls? Do you like Tolkien? How about George R.R. Martin? Think guns are for cravens and cowards? Like to be in the middle of battle with blood and death all around? A fan of medieval battles or warfare? Well just like the name implies this is medieval warfare at its best. Spend hours in death matches or arenas, or sieging castles and sinking ships with your allies. 10/10"
76561198079536465,Recommended,219640,13934265,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Viseyris Targaryen,This Game thoo never thot i would buy it cuz it costed so much 22.99 thats much but i was thinking and then i just did it. Then i came on all the fun in it the customazasion and realism it was like my favorite medival bacat game ever.I have alwase loved medival cuz the blood the hack anc slach and i have alwase looking for one and finally i have find one that is challenging some times and easy some and sometimes its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥game and some its a very fun experiense in gaming and i hightly recommend this GAME!!:D:D
76561198035015119,Recommended,219640,13936936,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,pilot,no corre bien en mi compu crashea a cada rato :/  fuera de eso muy divertido pero ten cuidado he investiga primero para que no te falle
76561197960493311,Recommended,219640,14054103,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,qpa altaH,lots of fun
76561198079339503,Recommended,219640,13801500,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Crinky-Dink,Its just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up and scream as loud as you can as you decapitate someone simulator10/10
,Recommended,219640,13801988,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,LemonTrain,Bulllshit Simulator 500011/10
,Recommended,219640,230566,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,UniversalDonor,"This might be the WORST melee combat game I've ever played and the fact that it has been in production for what seems to be centuries makes it even worse. The combat is buggy, the ""reach"" of weapons is completely ridiculous. The idea of people jump swinging masive weapons at full speed with no vigor reduction is stupid. However if you miss a shot with that large weapon you are a sitting duck. The game does a HORRIBLE job interpreting lag and the hitboxes are awful. Whoever designed this game should be ashamed at the asking price. Everything is sluggish except the speed you can swing certain 2h weapons, they seem to swing faster than a 1h hammer. The weight of weapons is completely innacurate and if I could get a refund and the time back spent playing I'd love it. What a waste of time. The only thing people in game seem to know how to do is ""get drunk"" and swing randomly, in turn hitting friendlies or shooting arrows into crowds and butchering teammates. With Friendly Fire off and the weapon ""reach"" redesigned it MIGHT be a good game. As of right now, it's awful. Waste of time. Garbage. Go play ANY other game that's asking 1/6th the price of this and you'll have more fun.TL:DR     It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ yes you can hack limbs/heads off, waste of money, wait for 90% off sale, bad programming, bad lag, bad servers, Friendly Fire ALL day, no care for Objectives. A bunch of monkies all trying to have sex with a football."
,Recommended,219640,13803062,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,spyjye,can cut off heads. gg 11/10
76561198060067008,Recommended,219640,13803080,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,OG Gaddafi,friend and I stand in corner screaminga big guy in armour cuts our arms off11/10
,Recommended,219640,13804270,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,CYLON,Amazing game! The multiplayer is a blast. I recommend everyone buy this game.
,Recommended,219640,16649747,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jaqen H'ghar [Levynator],"It's fun , when you play with your friends!! I recommend it for those who like medieval figting games and graphichally amazing games!"
76561198035480087,Recommended,219640,16650755,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,adolf_hitter,The Game is really goodAbsolutely having good time when killing your opponent!!10/10
76561198101783774,Recommended,219640,16651300,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bresker,that moment when you let your guard down and you see a longsword swining at your face and just before you are dead you see a wild javelin appears and pins your foe to the ground and moments before you rejoice you get decapitated by a swinging team mate10/10 would die again
,Recommended,219640,16651349,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MRPHI,Great game for a great steam price !
76561198009543338,Recommended,219640,2579762,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,Peepdis,"Everyone must own a copy of this game, it is excellent."
76561198029177869,Not Recommended,219640,3924608,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,Epicaxt,"Größter fehlkauf seit langem, wird es nichtmal als free to play empfehlen.Einfach nur sehr schlechtes Game."
76561198180613914,Recommended,219640,16652496,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,VAC(1),A dude chop off my head and i killed him 11/10
76561197988324825,Recommended,219640,1168052,"Posted: 1 December, 2012",all,Scaitan|Kaela,"First Person Shooter with swords, maces, warhammers, bows, crossbows, pikes and Zweihänder! Quick paced, basically no learning curve. Easy as pie, double as tasty and the fun lasts longer.Definitely worth the money."
76561198121053953,Not Recommended,219640,16654842,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,The Hound,first i recommended the game greatly and i even spent money on skins and such the next 2 days i lost every skins i had and only thing i got now is my badges and lvl everything else is devasted and is gone and my money i spent is still not refunded until i dont get my skins or money back i hate this game its a bull scam
76561198118339504,Recommended,219640,16654920,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,delusionn,"why not, nice game :)"
76561198014511479,Recommended,219640,16655103,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,kristaps418,Not so bad :).
76561198084753017,Not Recommended,219640,16656979,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,xXDELTAxG4M3RXx,"This game is not worth the pice tag that it gives, the game kicks you often no little reason and it is difficult to control. the combat is very specific with where you attack, as with long weapons i miss more times than i hit, which it unrealistic and at the end of the day, too difficlt and too many stuck up people playing it..."
,Recommended,219640,16657046,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[KEA] TastyTaste,for agathaaaaaaa
76561198084933393,Recommended,219640,12596856,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Rontti,"If this game is in sales, don't think about it any longer, JUST BUY IT. Myself I would definitely buy this game again and again at its full price. I've never played anything so additcing, testosterone-boosting, hilariously sadistical and super fun first person melee game. Heads roll, huge swords swing and in group fights, even the heroes find their heads to be smashed from a foe's hammer. Or friends.. That's what makes this game interesting and also to think, how chaotic real medieval battlefields must have been. But too much realism isn't the thing here, and I think that makes this game even funnier. And love the chat ^__^Fooooor the ooordeeer!"
,Recommended,219640,16657920,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Frost,"Beautiful maps, beautiful gameplay and really funny. Can be frustrating at the beginning since it is a game that requires skill and training."
76561198060520612,Recommended,219640,16661303,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KingjrLOU,"Great game, too many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on here."
76561198012933614,Recommended,219640,16662270,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KashMango,"You like swordfights? beheadings? insanity?This ones for you, best have good internet."
76561198099084758,Recommended,219640,16662633,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,WhiteFlight17,"My team is in trouble, I charge into the battle screaming at the top of my lungs. I engage my enemy in epic combat, after slaying him I look around and think to myself ""I swear my teammates were alive a second ago"". Seconds later I see my name in the vote to kick menu with 200 team damage. I am forced to leave the game, so I join another. In this new game i say to myself ""I must be more cautious"". I joined halfway through the game and I notice that My team is in trouble, I charge into the battle screaming at the top of my lungs. I engage my enemy in epic combat, after slaying him I look around and think to myself ""I swear my teammates were alive a second ago"". Seconds later I see my name in the vote to kick menu with 200 team damage. I am forced to leave the game, so I join another. In this new game i say to myself ""I must be more cautious"". I joined halfway through the game and I notice that My team is in trouble, I charge into the battle screaming at the top of my lungs. I engage my enemy in epic combat, after slaying him I look around and think to myself ""I swear my teammates were alive a second ago"". Seconds later I see my name in the vote to kick menu with 200 team damage. I am forced to leave the game, so I join another. In this new game i say to myself ""I must be more cautious"". I joined halfway through the game and I notice that My team is in trouble, I charge into the battle screaming at the top of my lungs. I engage my enemy in epic combat, after slaying him I look around and think to myself ""I swear my teammates were alive a second ago"". Seconds later I see my name in the vote to kick menu with 200 team damage. I am forced to leave the game, so I join another. In this new game i say to myself ""I must be more cautious"". I joined halfway through the game and I notice that My team is in trouble, I charge into the battle screaming at the top of my lungs. I engage my enemy in epic combat, after slaying him I look around and think to myself ""I swear my teammates were alive a second ago"". Seconds later I see my name in the vote to kick menu with 200 team damage. I am forced to leave the game, so then I notice it has been 15 hours and I go to sleep. Cant wait for more combat tomorrow!"
76561198045761688,Not Recommended,219640,16662867,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Odinnsson,"On an iMac, not well optimized at all."
,Recommended,219640,13460769,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,conjuswow,Cut there limbs off while they're alive and dead. it's fun :)
,Recommended,219640,5663874,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Eternal Recurrence,"Good if you are in a mood of midless fun, the gore is fantastic!"
76561198032573778,Recommended,219640,4131874,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Doraneko,Foooooor Agaaaathaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!
76561198043848135,Recommended,219640,13463255,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dirty Pudding,Awesome game. Mindless violent fun.
,Recommended,219640,13463926,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MrBuzzKill,First person hack and slash with fantastic battles and fun combat. Its a great multiplayer game buy it and cut your friends heads off! What else could you ask for? Decent variety of modes and weapons but the combat is what makes it
76561198150500621,Recommended,219640,13464004,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,L0n3 W0lf,this games awsome 5 star raing
76561198069829732,Recommended,219640,13464723,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rune Vortex,Filthy Peasant
76561198118629464,Recommended,219640,13466535,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rage Monster Dezoxx,i bought it and it only says it is beta y?
,Recommended,219640,13547720,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Marz Korpotkin,"Having played 16 hours now, I will review. Chivalry is a pretty cool game but it has its ups and downs. Having unlocked nearly all of the weapons in 16 hrs of game play I am pretty much bored and done with it for now. So here are some pros/cons/and suggestions for future games of this type.Pros:- The concept is amazing.-The team objective  modes are the best part of this game and the only reason I keep playing.  It is super fun and brilliant. Could be expanded upon more though.- The way the weapon system works and unlocking of weapons is smart and a good way to keep people playing and motivated to get better at the game.-War cry button = awesome-team damage counter and ability to kick out people that keep team killing is a good feature- good diversity of class/weapon typesCons:-No female characters.-Limited costume options.-maps and characters limited to medieval Europe.- armor difference between vanguard and the knight isn't significantly noticeable.- Some melee weapon ranges are off. Have received damage from weapons that havent actual come in contact with my character.-lastly, and simply from the perspective of someone who makes historical recreations of medieval plate armor in steel... some of the costumes are not really very historically accurate. But you can see where some, even small degree, of effort was applied here and that is commendable.Suggestions:- Add more than just medieval Europe. This creates more diversity of character/weapon types and maps. Middle eastern fighters, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, etc. All of these areas where in some degree of contact at the time and would add a great deal of diversity to game play.- My last suggestion would be to strive for more historical accuracy, especially in a game that seems to be trying to avoid being a fantasy game. The more realistic you can make such a thing the more truly amazing it will be. The only counter suggestion to this is adding female characters. There are a large number of female gamers and they need to be included. I have tried to get a few of my female gamer friends to play with me and they have refused because there is not character to represent them in the game.All and all, awesome work! Make another one :)"
,Recommended,219640,13548016,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Hydro_Tech,Joins server with brother.Brother spawns right next to me.Shot him in the balls with an arrow.Got vote kicked.10/10 - still better than cod
76561197972319412,Recommended,219640,13548198,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,StaticID,Hilarious game.
76561198045148285,Not Recommended,219640,13549034,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sev,"Multiplayer does not work. It is a known issue that many have, there is currently no fix."
76561198010588608,Recommended,219640,13549135,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Shark,"Brilliant Game, must buy on sale !!"
76561197971493665,Recommended,219640,13551541,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,NexusLuke,"Very fun game! Easy to learn, difficult to master. Pretty addiciting once you get playing it."
76561198089291204,Recommended,219640,13551736,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Gentleman Zing,Got decapitated by an axe-wielding knight who proceeded to remove all my limbs and sat on my torso like some sadistic meat trophy. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,13551917,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,big steve,swag
76561198031732555,Recommended,219640,13552537,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,miki_eldenegro,"Simple, sencillo y brutal. Muy recomandable para descargar adrenalina."
76561197983822160,Recommended,219640,13554273,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Bitchass Lucifer,"Chivalry is a spectacular game full of intrigue and excitement. Who am I kidding, it's really straight forward. Pick a class, pick a weapon, spam the left mouse button while dancing about wildly. It's a great take on edged weapon first person combat. Worthwhile purchase for anyone who enjoys FPSs"
76561197968793036,Recommended,219640,13562561,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Krigzor,"this game is REALY hard so far.. but well i like it. so definetly worth a try if you like a difficult game, beacuse this game shows no mercy"
76561198055500980,Recommended,219640,13562990,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Nigel Thornberry,swag fun yes
,Recommended,219640,13511728,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,VapeNation,"Awesome medieval game, great combat"
76561198119597197,Recommended,219640,13513312,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MedicinalDank,Awesome midevial melee game that has objectives to complete for xp. While you also can do free for all and team deathmatch it is an awesome game that also is the greatest team kill simulator ever!
,Not Recommended,219640,13514372,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,VustavoGeloso,"""Too Much Water 6/10"" - IGN"
,Recommended,219640,13515608,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Creation n1,Pretty damn good.
,Recommended,219640,13516996,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ThravRande,Call of Duty plus Swords minus the suckiness of Call of Duty equals Chivalry.9/10
,Not Recommended,219640,13554689,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Forsaken,Big fan of Mount and Blade which this reminded me of but it is quite different. Just not my type of game.
76561198019488929,Recommended,219640,13554832,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MaximumOverdrive,"Excellent gameplay, especially with friends. Quick learning curve while nearly impossible to master. If you haven't spotted a ridiculously ""skilled"" player (a.k.a you spend hours perfecting how to do 360 stabs and how to♥♥♥♥♥♥off the opposition) it's most likely that you ARE one. Be afraid."
,Recommended,219640,13550727,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,IAmNoob,Good game.
76561197971705726,Recommended,219640,13555665,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Marty,Hacking off limbs in a medieval setting. What more is there to say?
76561197981459992,Recommended,219640,13557277,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ZaCormyr,Great fun! Brutal sounds which make you feel like you are there. Only issue I've found so far which gets to me is getting stuck on little rocks or something which should be easy to walk over. Instead it totally blocks you...
76561198124109381,Recommended,219640,13558502,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,LittleDeerTears,It is indeed a very fun game but there needs to be some serious input from the devs concerning the server drops and the lagging even with a stable network.8/10
,Recommended,219640,13558979,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sanguine,10/10Would parry again.also +1 for black night mode.
,Recommended,219640,13559111,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Karl Marx the Cryptid,"looks byoutiful, sounds byoutiful, plays byoutifules byoutiful8.5/10"
76561198047799077,Recommended,219640,13559179,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,I Got Grapes,"(TL,DR) Game is fun, but can be extremely aggravating. Has a steep learning curve and great payoff.As a 200+ hour player I feel qualified to give my opinion. I'll start by saying this is definitely one of my favorite games. It can be very fun, especially with friends, and it feels great to play. The big issue with this game (especially if your blood runs hot like mine) is the polarity. If you're doing well, the game is great. It is immensely satisfying to run throught he battlefield destroying everything, and fighting your friends in the closest way possible. However at it's worst, it is a keyboard smashing, team killing, glitchy mess. If you get angry or emotional easily, this game might not be the best for you, but even when I get angry with the game, I find myself coming back.ProsFunGreat gameplayOriginal ideaPurdy graphicsGreat sound effectsGratiifyingA good challenge (dark souls fans)GREAT DLCVery medievalConsInfuriatingGood connection MANDATORYDevs are cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sSteep learning curvePoor communityGlitchyYou may like this game if youFan of GoreLike Medieval stuffCompetitiveEnjoy a challengeGet REALLY into your gamesIf you're not angry while you play, you're doing it wrong 8.5/10"
,Recommended,219640,13559233,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,cAtalYst,"I just got this game today. This game is tons of FUN! It is from 2010 but that doesn't stop it from bringing an awesome experience. There are 4 classes to choice from, Archer, Man-at-Arms, Knight, Vanguard. Knight is the most OP by the way. So if you do plan to pick it up i recomend it. With ok graphics and great mechanics its a great game. 8/10 - SamPlays64"
,Recommended,219640,856947,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,WPH.MUD,CHOP CHOP CHOP
,Recommended,219640,13560336,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,=WR= GreatLeon,They Found Swords! 10/10 would play all day
,Recommended,219640,13561067,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ragnar Danneskjold,Great game. Difficult but satisfying.
,Not Recommended,219640,30494217,Posted: 13 March,all,EmoTheKid,"Short version: The playerbase is shrinking by the day. You wont even find a server for every gamemode.Other version: Very cool and atmospheric game, nice style, weapons and varied content. Where it shines is the gameplay: You have 2 Weapons per class + throwing weapon, you can do 4-5 different attacks, you can faint and and kick.But: When you play the game for the first time [the first hours], you are probably going to fail. Alot. And once you get better, you will realize that almost every skilled opponent is using the most unfair, unsatisfying and just plain awful bug-like ,,mechanic"" they discovered. Another multiplayer-game like this.....Damn ,,communities"".But that doesn´t matter. Almost noone plays this game anymore. It´s time has come, the days it has shone are over.-Though, to be honest, I am just now playing it and having fun. Still low playerbase.-Aaand ~7/10 1v1´s were awful."
76561198079740078,Recommended,219640,14197743,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,HellsEngels,"Fun in small doses, until the guy whos clocked 300+ hrs turns up with a Messer two handed and beats you into a laggy oblivion... or you decide to play M&B"
,Not Recommended,219640,18461701,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,luke.1947,not fun
76561198044802730,Recommended,219640,5076052,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,PeTTa,"Seriously for the price, you should not regret buying this game. Good old-fashioned fun right here."
76561198036728068,Recommended,219640,18316215,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,freekiller,sux the big d
,Recommended,219640,18304775,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,SUNET FARA JOC,Nice game !
76561198071508011,Recommended,219640,18305082,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Hestia = Bestia,"this game is a great game and i love playing it but once you get better than average or have higher than 20 kills, the enemy team dont like that you keep killing them and playing the game so they kick you."
76561198220690463,Not Recommended,219640,18313008,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,diaodiao,"stuck in the key page, game doesnt work, need help!"
,Not Recommended,219640,7005689,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,Demoman,"With about 500 hours under my belt, I know this game like the back of my hand. It's a terrible game with terrible physics. You can do a reverse swing with a windup and do full damage somehow. The game is also unbalanced and repetitive and full of hackers and exploiters. Don't play this game."
76561198054727646,Recommended,219640,18317996,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,PoisonDiego,the game is very descent and gives a great experience.the elimination matches have to be balanced a little and make it possible for the other team to not get rekt 30 times in a row and never have a chance.
,Recommended,219640,18309542,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,RAIZO,"Dost thou knowest how good this game is? Nay you say, then I shall tell thee in but a single word - LOTS!!Yes, this game is 'lots' of good. The premise is essentially a civil war between two rival factions - the Agatha Knights and the Mason Order.  Each of the two groups has the same 4 classes to choose from: Archers, Man-At-Arms, Vanguards and Knights.  Archers have the least amount of armor whereas the knights have the most; vanguards make use of the ultimate Zweihander sword as well as polearms and the m-a-a's make use of maces and lighter/shorter swords than those that the vanguards and knights have access to, so there's a decent balance between the classes and they all have their pros and cons, so some are much better for certain situations than others.What's more, the voices/laughs, etc. for a knight of the Agatha Knights is different from that of the Mason Order, which really keeps things fresh.  On top of that you also have different game modes to choose from and spanning a decent number of maps, such as Team Objective (when one team is defending the other is attacking), Free-For-All (classic deathmatch type gameplay, but there is also a team deathmatch associated with the Team Objective mode, which is lots of fun), Duel and One-On-One type matches and even some custom types like infection mode.So you have different classes with many different weapons to choose from, a decent number of maps and unique game modes, unique voices/laughs which are often hilarious, especially when dudes are screaming whilst on fire (yes, in real life this wouldn't be funny, but it is in this game.....don't judge me!) and loads of gore to keep it real medieval style.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is easily one of the more enjoyable multiplayer games on Steam and I'd recommend getting it even when not on sale.  So grab an axe or a sword, or something else of the sharp/pointy persuasion and prepare thine selves for ye olden times smiting!!P.S. team kills happen a lot in this game as would be expected, so watch yourself (too much team damage, even a high ping, is likely to get you vote kicked). In the end you'll likely say to yourself ""Man, if only I had a dollar for all the times I got team killed...I'd be rich indeed!!"""
,Recommended,219640,18380445,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,-有聊槍神-(A Freaking Guy),"Sick of ""fire in the hole"" and ""RUSH B RUSH B"" things? Chivalry is the best choice for you.Except crossbow, there is no gun-like weapon, ONLY MELEE WEAPON4 classes, each has its own ability (or way of playing).Keep pressing ""C"" while running can increase whole team's courage (Just try it then you will see)BLOODY! Cutting down enemies' arms or heads!Brief background story that make you always want to choose Agatha or The Order.10/10 if you like medieval war and atmospherBTW: THE ORDER MUST BE FALLEN. HIGH OF AGATHA"
,Not Recommended,219640,18086854,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Diabetes,"zjebane♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ zjebana mechanika, szachy, zjebane hitscany,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,13972770,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Isaac,"Prepare for Mass Team Genocide, but if you do manage to rank up to players that do not purposefully murder everyone with the same shirt color, this game is really good. It accurately simulates ""Ye olden fighting."""
76561198008391181,Recommended,219640,2502977,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,FFS,Hack and slash laughs and mayhem - fantastic.
,Recommended,219640,13975113,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Rustlin Yo Jimmies,Best game I ever bought on Steam. Must own 100%.
76561198067198295,Recommended,219640,14235277,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Uglik,"Great game, lots of fun. Steep learning curve at first, and expect to accidently TK lots of your teammats and get TK'd by lots of your teammates. Just how it goes. Super fun though, the Deadliest Warrior DLC is great too."
76561198100783672,Recommended,219640,14166024,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,(Caveman Meta=Best Meta) Buddha,"The good: My favorite game of all time, most skillful pvp mechanics evarThe bad: Developer team is a waste of concious though, essentially oxygen thieves, gets worse every patch"
,Recommended,219640,14167665,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Big Nig,Screaming Simulator 8/7
76561198078937836,Recommended,219640,14168313,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,SlaterTC1,was having a lot of fun playing this game until my arms were severed from my limbs *)
,Recommended,219640,14170938,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,AirshipMTL,Best Medieval life simulator 2015.
,Recommended,219640,14171370,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Cheech,got my arm cut off 10/10 (typing this with my left arm)
,Recommended,219640,14171607,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,giv me ur moms credit card numbr,Best pillaging sim on the market10/10
76561198089381066,Recommended,219640,14171848,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Big Kahuna Burger,Bloody Archers
76561197972279076,Recommended,219640,14228215,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,krusty,♥♥♥♥♥♥man slash and shield
76561198059980360,Recommended,219640,6146369,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,can,"This game is very fun. You can choose 4 classes all classes have choice of weapons, secondaries, and supportful things like shield. You can yell out orders or just taunt your enemy! RAAAWWWRRR!!!! *bash shield*. You can man a ram which destroys the gates. Or accidentally get splashed from boiling oil, OUCH! I would give this game 10/10 and the graphics are amazing."
76561198054288924,Recommended,219640,14182696,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,P00lereds,"This game is difficult to get use to but is still a blast, I have yet to be good at it, but I have so many hilarious stories of this game."
76561198010526055,Recommended,219640,7433076,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,MawsaGaming,YAAAAAA!!! CCCC!!
76561198045455284,Recommended,219640,14185611,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,The AIDS,"Not for people with anal, serious, constitutions; put your reservations for hilarious gore aside and giggle profusely when you set the man at arms on fire.READY THE BOILING POTS!"
,Recommended,219640,14187451,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,iProbie,"Cut a man's head off then slashed the rest of his limbs off, While I was busy doing so a man ran up to me with a pot of hot oil and set himself and I on fire. I was then impaled with a spear. 10/10"
76561198044134846,Recommended,219640,14187487,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,J-Hugs,TF2 with swords
,Recommended,219640,832200,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,ZenosyX,"This game has great potential. But this soon after the release all I can say is sadly ""do it again and do it right"". There are glitches and flaws all over the place that really take the game down way lower than it deserve to be. But they seem eager on fixing stuff so who know? Maybe this game can become a good one in the end. I think there's a long way there though..."
,Recommended,219640,14006521,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,jcolts23,"Very fun and unique game. Only have 2.4 hours clocked right now, but i plan to log much more."
76561198032104826,Recommended,219640,8967251,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Phrosst,"Really good game, I highly reommend this to anyone. Its really fun to play with friends and deadliest warrior is so fun."
,Recommended,219640,8969423,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,rad1cal,"One of my favourite games of all time. Chivalry is a medieval warfare First Person Slasher set in classic medieval environments. There are 4 playable classes to choose from, Archer, Man at arms, Vanguard and Knight each with their own set of Pros and Cons. One of my favourite aspects of this game is the actual way the game is played. You feel as though you have been thrown into a realistic Medieval scenario. The controls do take some time to get used to but overall, one hell of a game."
,Recommended,219640,8970300,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Cirebron,"Chopping peoples heads off with bows, axes, swords, and♥♥♥♥♥♥  It's fun."
,Recommended,219640,5847443,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Ulfsark,"more or less historically accurate weapons, fast paced, frantic mele combat, astounding graphics, great game."
76561198091681589,Recommended,219640,9147173,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,mr.beansharry,This game makes me ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,219640,8990678,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,SirJustin1337,"This is a really fun game if you like slashing things, especially flesh."
,Recommended,219640,9148941,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,EvilestRyu,very fun!
76561197979965810,Not Recommended,219640,843567,"Posted: 11 November, 2012",all,TUROK,"Most horrible game I've ever played in my life. If your into extremely slow, time wasting gameplay, and combat purely based on luck and back stabing then have fun with this one. Thought it would be a bit like Pirates, knights and Vikings II but hell even that free mod is ten times better than this trash. Please don't support this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,30462756,Posted: 11 March,all,DanceableBleats,"Gameplay is fun, but online play is ruined by the community. Constant kickvotes for any reason you can imagine. Guy drops one packet? kick. Someone who is level 1 joins? kick. Someone's doing well? kick. Was LANing with some friends and we were having a blast. Joined official servers and kept getting kicked."
76561197984274680,Recommended,219640,1008996,"Posted: 19 October, 2012",all,Praetor Alex,"Amazing graphics, brutal combat, smooth and fun gameplay.What else could a gamer want?"
,Recommended,219640,16401660,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,"Jimmy ""Arm the poor"" Dore",Team killed by Jesus.10/10 would protect God again.
,Recommended,219640,16386242,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,floccinaucinihilipilification,FOR THE OOOOOORDEEEEEEER!
,Recommended,219640,16387076,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Magoichiguns,Wikkit
76561198088088051,Recommended,219640,15662340,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Elessar,"As you can probably tell from the other reviews, this game brings out complicated emotions in most regular players. I have a long-standing love/hate relationship with Chivalry: Medieval WarfareIt is true that this game has quite a few bugs and glitches. Most of them are not major, and have very little impact on gameplay. The most annoying things about the game are not actual glitches, but exploits used by extremely experienced players that can quickly ruin the game for others.That said, however, I have played many many hours on this game, and I still enjoy hopping on for an hour or 2. Chivalry is an extremely fun slasher that is certainly the best in its class. Despite its flaws, the game is superbly enjoyable and for players of all skill levels it can provide many hours of fun. The learning curve is steep, but it is totally worth it. Plus the more regular players there are, the more fun the game will be.Also, some really kickass modders are taking matters into their own hands regarding the flaws of the game and are in the process of creating an increasingly popular mod called Mercs Mod. Not to mention Black Knight Mode, which is a super fun, great for laughs, shout out to Monty Python and the Holy Grail.The Conclusion:9/10: Would lose limbs again"
76561198023237151,Not Recommended,219640,15654028,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ARMYofPUN,"OK... So i have been playing this game for the past 24 hours. (on and off) I have to say that honestly I'm glad I waited for it to go on sale for a couple of reasons.A. $25-30 is way too high a price for this game given the vanillia content offered. If you'd like to extend content you'll be paying banner more real monies for it. and it's not packs either; it's individual weapons ranging from 2-5 dollars each. This is typicly somehting you see ""pre-beta/alpha"" games doing to help fund production.  Your games done Banner... isn't it..?B. This is probly one of the most frustrating FPS style games I've ever played. Lack of team work and communication. It seems like NO ONE PTFO. And if you do try and PTFO then you get cut down by 5 guys at once while your team runs around like they're playing SUPERSMASH BROs.Now not to say that the game doesn't look and run great, it does. However the combat system, to me, is very limited. You've got a choice of 3 attacks (4 if your a certain class). So combat can become somewhat predictable after about an hour on a server. Also the ""combo"" system is very poorly implemented and can be EXTREMLY buggy at times.Some servers are rank determined so you won't be in your first online game with a level 20 or anyhting like that. (A level 15 will be there though, more than likely)  But you will run into a few players who've (for what ever reason) spent 30 bucks on the upgraded equipment. These players are the baine of your online experience; and I would highly recommend leaveing a server where there are more than 2 of these players on your team or the enemies. Your not gonna get much done at low level (Unless you count getting slaughtered over and over again.) with these players around.My fianl ""beef"" with this game isn't so much the game. It's the cluster **** of players who are running around like they are playing HALO or Modern Warfare that really kill this game for me. I'm not trying to be an a$$. Just being honest. Your team will not stay together; They will not come to your aid, They will not care if their attack kills you and not the enemy, and the archers on your team WILL kill you over and over again by shooting you in the back. So be ready for a bunch of Blue on Blue (Friendly Fire) action.Overall I rate this game 2 1/2 stars. Mostly becuase of lack of vannilia content, and the fact that Banner (again for what ever reason) asks you for more monies after the fact for a better gaming experience. However, I will say that the idea is Awesome. I really hope another studio picks up on this genre and makes a really great game. But THIS IS NOT that game."
,Recommended,219640,545886,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,nobojiseho,You are going to be surprised by the in-depth game play.
,Recommended,219640,15655816,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,None,poly wraio thimizei call of duty mono me spathia ki alla
76561198144127601,Recommended,219640,15655817,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,King Théoden,If you have a bad day with shooter games-PLAY THIS GAME!Or if you feel a bit bored-PLAY THIS GAME!Or if you want to hack&slash something-PLAY THIS GAME!Or if you just want to HAVE FUN-PLAY THIS GAME!Play it!
,Recommended,219640,15656742,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,mackerel,"Can review without gameTEN OUTTA TENIGN ""420/10""Spoderman rates ""11/10""Morgan MLGman rates ""W33D/420"""
76561198004574208,Not Recommended,219640,15706985,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Dryani,"It's a decent game, but the crap community tanks it.Rampant team-killing persists because a 65% vote is required to kick greifers, and the opposing team will simply downvote the kicks.Enjoy the greif-fest, or go with a game that better controls it."
,Recommended,219640,15708298,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,OfLionsAndLambs,Best game ever.
,Recommended,219640,15713332,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Club,Heads will roll. Mostly yours.
76561197977004881,Not Recommended,219640,15715750,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,valberg,This game does not work on _any_ Linux machine I've tested so far in the last 3 months.  It's very disappointing and a complete waste of money ...
76561198081356617,Recommended,219640,15716929,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,HighPlainsDrifter,"Honest Review:This is the game I have the most hours with. I love this game and it is very original. Many people hate it for its glitches and exploits. First person chivalry warfare. Not many out there like it that have done as good as this game did. You can play this game realistically to some extent until people start hitting you with spinning swings and quick parries and feints. AAHHH the FEINTS. I for one was very disgusted with how people broke the games mechanics by ""dragging"" swings. Dragging swings, hitting people when your back is toward them with an overhead, which is like and uppercut in boxing. I hated all of this but then I realized that this is just different ways to hit your opponent. The broken game mechanics add a level of diversity and a steep learning curve to the game. I enjoy it but you do have to learn the exploits to have fun 1v1. But free for all and team games are still fun to play that minimize exploits. 1v1 are really the only time I see exploits happening. Buy this game and you wont regret it. It was one of my favorite games of all time. I've been playing it since it's release."
76561198100950058,Recommended,219640,15718665,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Giantdad,"Can laugh in peoples faces whislt cutting off their arms with an axe, while your buddy behind you spams ""HELP!"" at the top of his lungs while he T-Bags an ally he teamkilled.11/10- IGN"
,Recommended,219640,15728376,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,BananaGrabber,For Agatha!No m'lordno NO noooo*dies*best medieval warfare  game since ever.10/10 buy it and embrace your knighthood
76561198050297132,Recommended,219640,15728749,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Juicy J(Hrannar),nice game?
,Recommended,219640,15731150,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TheImmortalConquerOfTheUniverse,KILL KILL KILL
76561198068925443,Recommended,219640,15734223,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Владъ Цепѣшъ,extremely fun randomness 10/10
76561198040175235,Recommended,219640,14919271,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Voimaolento,"Lystikäs matrix-simulaattori, joka soveltuu erittäin mainiosti mm. pyryn pieksemiseen."
,Recommended,219640,14835178,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Von Mackensen,"In one word: immersive.In one sentence: the most immersive game I played in my lifeGraphics: Check the screenshots. 9.5/10Gameplay: 10/10 easy to get into, hard to master. Plenty of Weapon choices that seem to be somewhat balanced. Incredibly fun and addictive, you should not buy this game if you can't control your addictions like myself.Sound: 10/10Overall: 10! This game is about feeling you are in a battle in medieval Europe and it excels at it. Buy it and play it."
76561197995815176,Recommended,219640,14837310,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,LeadSponge,"I bought this game a while back, and couldn't really get into it. I remember it being very buggy. Now, that's not the case. The developers have made a really fun game that's quite tactical. The selection of weapons and equipment is nice, and the various tactics those weapons create are a blast. It's well worth the price."
,Recommended,219640,14381303,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,stealie wheelie,I shot a knight in the♥♥♥♥♥♥with an arrow and got a trophy10/10
,Recommended,219640,6232328,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,UltraFire,Fast paced Medieval Class based First person Slasher. Great for those who just want to chop their friends in half.
76561198015446368,Recommended,219640,14991567,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,StLuhs,"This game takes some time to get used to, Its not as bad as some may say. It is  limited to multi-player play only, and does not support a mic/headphone, thus making more difficult to communicate to your team (imagine counterstrike without a mic). The game modes are Team Objectives (attack/defend Castle/Keep/Roads/Royal Family), Team Death Match, and FFA. The game has a level up system and awards/unlocks weapons with usage of weapons class.Overall I give the game a 4/5, Its good, it took me a few days to really start to enjoy this game,(at first play I gave it a 3/5 and recommended Mount and Blade: Warband over Chivlary)."
,Recommended,219640,14993251,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Triscuit,"Really fun game to play once you get the hang of it. This is a game for those who love challenges. The environments looked beautiful when I first got into it and moving around the environment can sometimes be a little clunky. Attacks are heavily telegraphed for easy interpretation and for the sake of game mechanics. Many other things good about the game as well, but I'm too lazy to say it all.One more thing to note, other people playing the game can be quick to verbally harm you if you do the wrong thing. Be prepared for some extreme butthurt because I guarantee you will see it.Fun game nonetheless.gr8 b8 m8, I r8 8/8 - IGN"
76561198061796495,Recommended,219640,14995367,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,UpcomingBee3288,One of the best medieval games I have ever played. I strongly reconmmend you give it a try. :P
76561198056386919,Recommended,219640,14995413,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,The Process,"A really fun medieval fighter. A steep learning curve for first time players and game can be frustrating and seem unbalanced going up aginst veteran fighters, but stick with it, loads of gory fun!"
,Recommended,219640,45730,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Cypher,"There is still room for improvement, but the gameplay is fun and as a casual game it is sublime. Worth it!"
76561198023636815,Recommended,219640,3490838,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,Bandit Hadron,"This game is definitly one of those that falls under the title ""how the hell do you not have this already?"". It is a masterpiece, the fighting simple but extremely deep - the sheer amount of different combat styles is staggering, not to mention how a different weapon can radically change things up - which to use, the war axe or the broadsword? This game is definitly worth the $25 I paid for it. Now all we are waiting for is for the devs to fix some bugs, the game only having had several updates so far, and for them to come out with even more epic content! GET THSI GAME. RECOMMENDED? ♥♥♥♥ YES."
,Recommended,219640,15510768,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Shaq,its k
,Recommended,219640,15513413,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Akalyptes,"Very... bloody lol. It is a cool game, I hear some of the newer versions are better because I haven't played it in awhile. But I liked it."
,Recommended,219640,3063595,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,󠀡,too good
,Recommended,219640,2459506,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Friedrich Nietzsche,Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never tastes of death but once.
,Recommended,219640,15494692,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Jezee,Flail about.
,Recommended,219640,15497807,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,...,12/10 would get decapitated again
76561198051628010,Recommended,219640,15497863,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Piraja27,"A very enjoyable brutal PvP game. Best times to be honest are at ranks of 0-15, after that the game may not be too enjoyable if you like FFA.But overall fun game."
76561198077325231,Recommended,219640,10876113,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,PopeDon,"Extremely fun game to play with and without your friends, being multplayer based it can be annoying if you do not have very good internet as other players could have an advantage over you. Another annoying thing is how seemingly 'keen' people tend to be at Chivalry as this can make the game frustrating and almost impossible to progress through the different weapons but once you have the hang of it you wll have hours and hours of fun playing this game. I'd give this game a 10/10 and would recommend it to anyone who is interested in Medieval first/second person realtime combat. This is basically Medieval Call Of Duty just realistic."
76561198057630775,Recommended,219640,6033042,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,UnShavenKirby,YYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,15574107,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Pvtjace™,Took an arrow to the knee.. chest and face. 7/10 would possibly never play again.
76561198095539561,Recommended,219640,15484827,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,EmTec Helo,You get to slice off peoples arms and heads. How more fun can it get?
,Recommended,219640,15435266,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,∭divFđV = ∯F○חđS,"Nice game, very similar for Mount&Blade"
76561198090743532,Recommended,219640,15524633,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,scoops,"Probably one of, if not the best first person medieval war game.Run about, do stuff, hack people up, do other stuff, hack more people up... it's all fun.I've played about 300 hours a couple years ago and have recently come back. Am impressed with all the new maps, how the game is running and pretty much everything that has been changed and added. Much more smooth and better FPS and I'm still on the same PC.You can go Knight, Vanguard and Man at Arms for melee combat with speed increasing and armour decreasing in that order, as well as archer.There are different weapons for each class like various axes, swords, maces, polearms and thrown weapons.Quite a few maps feature across a few different game modes: FFA, TDM, Team Obj, Last Team Standing as well as modded servers with various nonsense. (I might be missing a normal game type)Very probaly worth full price if you're into that sort of thing and have the cash, defo worth watching for it in the sales.There is also always team damage on, so idoits usually get kicked. The community is usually pretty friendly and fairly mature... gameplay wise anyway, lol.Havent played the standalone Deadliest Warrior much, its a bit more 'gimmicky' if thats the right word (not as balanced/fluid gameplay) but might be more suited for some people. The two games are often on sale in a bundle anyway."
76561197966477178,Not Recommended,219640,244787,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,HARKOonPC,This game is gayer than gayporn..
,Recommended,219640,2717567,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Element.,A simpler time. When Men were Men and Women were beheaded for raising an eyebrow.
,Recommended,219640,15672993,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Addude14,"I have to say this is the best medieval combat game I have ever played. At the start, don't be worried if you die 10 times to each kill. With a bit of practice this game can be realistic and challenging, and all around a lot of fun. I like the ability to play offline with bots too, it makes for epic lan parties."
,Recommended,219640,15676477,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Arturius Maximus,Knights going slash slash at each other. 10/10 would knight again.
,Not Recommended,219640,15680844,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Jesus,Dont buy the DLC you'll regret it...
76561198094825016,Recommended,219640,7423344,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Малахов,она прикольная
,Recommended,219640,11936718,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Whiskeyjack,█▀▀░█░█░█▀█░█▀▀░█▀█▀▀█░█░█░█▀▀░█▀░░█▀▄▀▀▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀█▄░▄█░█▀▀░█▀▀▀░ █▀██░█░█░█▀░░█░▀█░█▀▀█▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░▀░░▀█░░█░█░▀▀█▀▀░█▀█░ █▀██░░█░█░░░█░░░█▀▄░█▀▀█▀▀▀▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░▀░▀░▀░░▀█▀▀░█▀█░█░█▀▀█▀░░█▀▀░█░█▀▀▀░▀░░░▀░▀▀▀
76561198065082952,Recommended,219640,15793629,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Sir ImpossibleNoob,"This is close to the ideal medieval combat game from lazy developers.I love this game, but the game needs a lot of small patches.But you should buy it anyway if you like Middle Ages. You will get an unique game expirience, that you will never find in another games.This is 7/10 game, but so how we haven't any analogue it is 10/10.Buy it.But developers are lazy.Guys, please, brush the game."
,Recommended,219640,13558289,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,NeatWang,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH thats all you'll here 1000/1 would scream againEdit: 1001/1 i won a game from a duel
76561197992875905,Recommended,219640,15787869,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Oduen,Great game. Never gets old.
76561197994005169,Recommended,219640,1511766,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,C.K.GAME***FUEL,take mutha ♥♥♥♥ing heads off with this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,15779976,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,AnimalTaglits,I love this game.It's like a fighting game in 3d.Good voice acting as well.Well done.
,Recommended,219640,15750804,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Bud,"I stabbed a guy with my longsword and as he was slowly falling on his knees, I beheaded him.10/10 - would behead again"
76561197970538000,Recommended,219640,14722147,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,polskipiotr,Excellent mechanics.....seems so easy yet so challenging. BLOODY and FUN FUN FUN!!!!
,Recommended,219640,14722515,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Drek,Pretty fun game. I feel it does lack depth though. If dev could work out some kind of campaign or offline games that support more that 24 Ai that would tight af.
,Recommended,219640,14724045,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,im not good dont be mean 2 me,"Super fun , addictive , and you get to chop people's head's off.A+"
,Recommended,219640,14724056,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,H@mm€rT!me,"The Game is Awesome, The Graphics is Awesome 10\10"
,Recommended,219640,14724351,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Pritster5,"This Game is absolutely fantastic. The combat is amazing and is paced very well, however the learning curve is a bit high."
,Recommended,219640,14724824,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Polandowskyy REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,In my opinion: 10/10Graphics 9/10Sounds 10/10Gameplay OVER 9000!!!!
,Recommended,219640,14721096,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Porky Poog,Medieval TF210/10 would chop the heads off of corpses
76561197999527633,Recommended,219640,14727779,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Sir_Bearacuda,Team Killing Simulator 2015 10/10 Would play again.
,Recommended,219640,14714642,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Jay Savage,Sliced my own head off. 10/10 would slice again.
76561198011233827,Recommended,219640,14714719,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Lt. Ward,Game looks bad ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥
76561198061825398,Recommended,219640,14716407,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Kombat Wombat,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a very good game. It takes practice to get good, but the game is very fun. The game usually runs very smoothly and is fairly easy to play. The gore in this game is pretty fun and the shouting is humorous. Overall, I give the game a 10/10."
,Recommended,219640,8967995,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Somali Salami,"Cool game. If you've ever wanted to play a sword fighting game, where you actually need to swing and parry melee weapons, this one is well put together. A learning curve to get good with the different melee weapons. Even more difficult to be good with a bow and arrow. Decently put together game. Definitely worth playing for a while until you are good and can actually help sway the tide of combat. Interesting ""dueling"" game modes worth checking out as well."
,Recommended,219640,14716715,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Monotrack,This is a fantastic funny slashing game! I will spend some hours of gameplay with this one! Kinda remind me of a game called Die by the sword.
76561198070543908,Recommended,219640,14717426,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Gman,Really fun game to play with friends and like alot of games on steam is not too hard to run. Their are going to be alot of exciting and funny moments and some harder moments but all in all its fun.
76561198204344332,Recommended,219640,14719061,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,LUℕƇℋ,♥♥♥♥ YES!
76561198165913114,Recommended,219640,14719675,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,TOASTY,Hate it when it ♥♥♥♥ing switches players to the opposite team.
,Recommended,219640,14132633,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,SHLETZ,"When you play this game you feel a strange powerful surge for bloodlust that will leave you addicted for hours. Noted, I haven't played many hours on record but every single hour and minute has been enjoyable."
,Recommended,219640,14719863,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Keesh,all it is is screaming and chopping off heads. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,14720022,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Pete Delkus,"Attacked a guy on my team covered in so much blood i thought the was on the red team, Knocking his head clean off, which instantly caused him to chat rage about how i was literal garbage. I was top scoring, he was bottom. 10/10 would rek again."
,Recommended,219640,14721039,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ㄒΛ☣,Because: Yes.
,Recommended,219640,18506800,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Logica,"This game is awsome, gory and realistic... i really recomment it if you are into that s**t."
,Recommended,219640,18507045,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Masteroderus,Smash face. Good. Buy.
76561198046384295,Recommended,219640,18505976,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Symbiotic Virus,Just bought it and so far im loving it more than i thought i would lol 10/10
76561197984327221,Not Recommended,219640,18506339,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Holyhell,"To many hacks!! and Elitests who think there gods, all a s s holes! waste of time and money"
,Recommended,219640,18506351,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Flex Thunderstache,play chiv
76561197995698302,Recommended,219640,18507384,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Woolve!,An absolute ton of fun for the price. Unique experience and a pretty decent community.Highly recomended.
76561198172820906,Recommended,219640,18517171,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Cpt Spaulding,Pretty simple fun game. PS team objective match? good ♥♥♥♥ing luck on that coin toss... one side always drastically overtakes the other
,Not Recommended,219640,18517188,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,mattdilllon,"No Such Thing As Free Anything!Theres always some♥♥♥♥♥♥you have to buy or pay extra to get any enjoyment of of gaming these days!There used to be a time when game makers were proud of their Products. Now, these same guys are more proud of how they sucer People into buying Garbage!Not worth a wooden Nickle! Buy something else that's playable0/10 Rating for the WHOLE SERIES!Thumbs Down Bro!"
76561198055754904,Recommended,219640,18517213,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Smalls,Amazing game.... It changes lives
,Recommended,219640,18518814,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Nvr'ss Giftshop (siege/uplay),"This game is well, alot of things both good and bad. While some what clunky and now dated framework, though the updated menues and ingame options have been updated, and help alot in this front. But I fear it was a little late. While the imersion is pretty good, the fighting is fun and for a game that could or is rather ""realistic"" (note im no sword expert) the overall fell, the actual game play seems clunky. This is the root of all evil here, topped with to be honest rather lack luster gamemodes and fighting areas leaves a some what bad taste in your mouth. Though this is all thats bad, The game does solid at emulating 'massive' medieval combat, though its rather lack luster now, due to games ps2, Arma, Battlefield, ect. But All in all this game is a steal for its pricerange, has been for years now. This is one of those games that I love to get onto and just swing my sword, shoot a bow and not really give a damn, its a nice break as every game now adays takes them selves too serious, while fun we all need a break. This game is a game worth playing, but it is also a game starting to show its age.Rough around the edges/10 (8/10)"
76561198155087698,Recommended,219640,18519579,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Jolo,Great game.the only problem is that that tutorial was confusing and hard to get the idea of when to block all in all a great game.
,Recommended,219640,18509070,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,sjw,"the combat in this game is great, however it is greatly overshadowed by the yelling engine that torn banner has produced for this title. the constant yelling and screaming is top notch quality."
76561198174758138,Not Recommended,219640,18560683,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Iron_Claw_77,Rank 0-15 is great. After that well ... not so great.
76561198083568039,Recommended,219640,18560846,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Crookie,I didnt like how there were no guns though
,Recommended,219640,1203769,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Griffeo,Just plain awesome fun... and plenty of it! Hack and Slash your heart out
,Recommended,219640,18561285,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Fab-U-lous!,It's like TF2 without guns. :D
,Recommended,219640,16134589,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Blobmaster,Its a awsome and fun game to play with friends!Its Brutal. Chopping of heads for days.Good contols and gameplay!A lot of weapons to chose from and you can customize your caracter.8/10.Its not a waste of money
76561198135032635,Not Recommended,219640,16120742,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,hussam_k,i want my money back!! i thought you can do missions with other players. you can only pvp.... :(
,Recommended,219640,16181214,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Cosby,aWESOM!
,Recommended,219640,16182765,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ah h e c k,10/10 Would shove a fork up my friend's♥♥♥♥♥again.JUST DON'T PLAY THE GAME ON THE COMMUNITY SERVERS OR THE FORK WILL BE UP YOUR♥♥♥♥♥NOT YOUR FRIEND'S
76561197973183268,Recommended,219640,18562091,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Kony2012,"Most of the recent reviews seem to be on the unfavourable side. I'm giving mine a positive verdict to be fair to the game, my experiences with it and the experiences a new player will experience. That being said, there is a glaring problem with the game.First off, the gameplay is a lot of fun. If you invest a bit of time into learning how to block properly or even watch a couple youtube videos then you will be in good shape to start the game. Probably best to start off as a knight with a longsword. What I like most about the combat is that hits are very satisfying. Instead of feeling like you're just chipping away at a health bar, every hit feels meaty and can lead to a kill in two or three hits (weapon dependant obviously).When you first begin the game you will be able to play in the low level servers (ranks 1-15). Here you will find that the lack of skill level can sometimes cause too much team killing. Players don't yet understand how to swing when near teammates, too many archers and blood spray can confuse some players for what team someone is. Besides this though, the early ranks are a lot of fun. Combat is fast and small skill improvements will quickly make you one of the better players.The big problem with the game? After you reach rank 16 you are stuck in with all of the ""non-low ranks"". At this point in the game the players who best exploit the game mechanics will be nearly untouchable while they slaughter everyone who hasn't mastered the same exploits. While feints are discouraged as an unfair way to play the game, exploiting hit boxes to land instant hits and double hits is seem as completely normal and part of higher level game mechanics. Enemy players look like balerinas as they perform all sort of awkward immersion breaking ""rainbow strikes"" and odd mouse drags. This problem sometimes crosses over into the low ranks due to steam sales where smurfs will pop up in low rank matches to slaughter everyone in the match (This didn't happen all that often and surprisingly smurfs could be good sports and play only for the losing team).As much as I find the higher level problems frustrating they haven't ruined the game for me. I went from being a very good low rank player to a total noob once I hit rank 16 but I'm now beginning to see improvements again. I'm confident that if I keep coming back to that game I can have fun as an average skill player.If the game is on sale and interests you, buy it. It will be a lot of fun at least until you reach rank 16. Make sure you make it last though. Watch some youtube videos, play a few matches with bots."
76561198011386066,Recommended,219640,18562271,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Hippnosis,Im the King.
,Recommended,219640,18562532,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,CaBz,"This game is so much fun. Brutality at its finest.You chop heads, people get mad, you throw axes and you keep killing anything that moves accidentally."
76561198073208705,Recommended,219640,18562600,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,PhilyCheeseSgt,Its Okay
76561198075170063,Recommended,219640,18562655,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,boogyman48(farmskins.com),its simpy gory and awesome
76561198028724705,Recommended,219640,18562826,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Blaze of Glory,Awesome game 10/10
76561198144682864,Recommended,219640,18563012,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,OPORTO (2),"This game is really fun but ""VERY"" challenging fight for victory of agathar or mason order this game is really good i actually bought to copies because it was really good in my opinion ""OPINION"" dont count on me to say how good it is try it for yourself its ONSALE AT THE MOMENT 19/10/2015 !!!!"
,Recommended,219640,18563225,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,NANGUS,THIS IS HARD TO MASTER BUT JUST TO GOOD ONCE YOU DO
76561198021656653,Recommended,219640,18563467,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,twobigthing,swing ur mouse like swing a sword ：）
,Recommended,219640,18589182,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Hapizsani,I LOVED PLAY THIS GAME!
76561198079241259,Recommended,219640,18537225,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,XManZombie,good
,Recommended,219640,18538715,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,_FoliageKnight_,"one of my favorite games on all of steam, 2 teams and 4 classes to choose from means a variety of different styles of combat and play, and hell if you don't like knights then there is dlc for samurai, ninja, vikings, pirates, spartans, any warrior of the ages. And fairly period acurate and tactically correct sword play for fans of HEMA, and with an ectremely involved community the game never stops updating, every month with a whole new event. If you don't believe me then try it out yourself, it's free all weekend and on sale."
76561198006405592,Recommended,219640,18538750,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,(_*_),Good game with new player servers now.
76561198157245975,Recommended,219640,18552267,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,iamhande,yes i think its very good
,Recommended,219640,18553465,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Konrod,"So i read some of opinions that say this game is ""bad"".But it's not. I dont care if someone know or don't the ""dragging"" technic.Maybe you shouldn't buy it at full price, but still its worth buying.I didn't experienced too many bugs, and its not lagging much (depends on server)And community? Sometimes there are players that are arguing A LOT about ... well nothing really.Best tactic is to ignore them and just enjoy playing, becauseit's just fun to slay a guy by tearing his arm & head off :D"
,Recommended,219640,18548886,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,BeefBurger,epic
,Recommended,219640,18547924,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,D.Va,"The following experiences I have seen, so far, out of all the six hours I've played:- Flying corpses.- Death by elevator.- Knights, knights, and more knights. Oh, don't forget the vanguards.- Crafty as♥♥♥♥♥♥man-at-arms.- Screaming warcries as you get stabbed or maimed to death.- Getting sandwiched by knights and vanguards during FFA.- Kicking someone off the balcony to win a second duel with someone.- Swinging your sword against someone ending up in a double kill.- Swinging your sword against someone into a wall of spearheads for an instakill.- Instakills.- Charging as a vanguard and ending up getting sliced into two.- Silly decapitations.- Laughable experiences and deaths.- ????- PRO- oh, who am I kidding?11/10 forgot how to block attacks while pressing F."
,Recommended,219640,16715698,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,B I G  S H A Q,11/10would sell CS:GO skins again.
,Recommended,219640,18546173,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Stephen Cold Bear,It's a fun game. My only complaint is that it's one of those games where good players break the skill ceiling and end up relying on some really glitchy crap.
76561198057968347,Recommended,219640,18551174,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Papa John,Amazing game.
,Recommended,219640,7444208,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Dr.Gordon,Good old gory fun like the old mod. great stuff for when you are in a bloodthirsty mood. :P
76561198117883327,Recommended,219640,16077020,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,sahar,like this game very very much
,Recommended,219640,16077087,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,21 21 21 21 21 21,Pretty good game but the community needs to be friendlier to noobs
76561198056873791,Recommended,219640,16077167,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Γαῖα,"Ive got to say even though its very far from polished its still good to look at and i do find it quite addictive no matter how often i die.Its perspective is just so brutal and even though it shouldnt be the basis for me to play it i cant lie when i say its the main draw factor for me.  Its amazing how yet another inception spawned from half life turns up for me anyway, smelling of roses. Yeh it can get glitchy, crash or freeze every now and again but it doesnt seem to make me like the game any less.Basically you don the metal uniform of a medievil warrior and slash,hack,plunge,shoot and throw your way to victory in this violent first person adventure. You get a choice of classes and weapons to dabble with and even custom editing that although hardly original prevents the game from becoming as linear as what it is in actuality. You also get in game heavy weaponry, the ability to set people on fire and a whole other host of tools of the bloody trade that is genocide.You wage battle after battle in different arenas with different topics to engage in which in this instance i liked as without coming out continually introduced a fluid change based on the players at the time. I would say it does have a steep learning curve all things considered but the game does throw in a tutorial not to mention the best way to learn being trial and error by combat. The weapons you use,the class,even tactics involved ensure you get a good schooling rather than another stale lesson in button mashing.I know for some war of the roses may be favored or the all out experience of mount and blade warband, arguably the daddy of them all but regardless none captured for me anyway, the up close and personal nature of this experience.Although not a pick up play game i reckon any medium to hardcore gamer will have no trouble making it so and thus leads me to give this the thumbs up. Yeh it has some issues but who truly cares when the slash and tear begins and the cries ringout continuously.I wouldnt say its worth the retail price dew to its one track agenda but well worth picking up in a sale."
76561198150594177,Recommended,219640,16078516,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Bill Nye,Chopped someone's head off with a hammer.10/10
76561198122237567,Recommended,219640,16078990,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Wargovsky,Nice game
,Not Recommended,219640,16079513,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Krul Tepes (SaitoK),"good game, dont get me wrong. It was one of the main games i wanted to buy when i got P.C, i got so excited and wanted it sooo sooo much. but it got boring so fast! i was almost shocked at how fast it did! good game just repetitive6/10"
76561198094258421,Not Recommended,219640,16079567,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,iRa,"Please don't buy it, your time is more precious."
,Recommended,219640,16080357,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,SkinFlute,Dismemberment simulator.
,Recommended,219640,16080603,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,HALAL KABAB [ csgoroll.com],Very good medieval game not too many classes  but all of them are fun sometimes laggy but not too much i reccommendedededrd
76561198039686701,Recommended,219640,16080720,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Galath101,10/10 would dismember again.
76561198045971885,Recommended,219640,16080938,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Tex,Awwwwwwwsome game for $5
76561198172172871,Recommended,219640,16081249,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Moиty,Awesome game !Great graphics !It would be cool if you could put Vs computer or campaign/single player mode.
,Recommended,219640,16081419,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Rest in Pepperoni,this game is worth the money!! MLG!
76561198135333693,Recommended,219640,16081539,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Tono Shoto,Ever feel like you need to butcher your friends? Well this is the game for you! Can get a little boring after a while.
76561198062464005,Recommended,219640,8149417,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Napoléon Bonaparte,just perfect
,Recommended,219640,16067371,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ArgonautRam,"THIS IS CHIVALRY!!!There's something wrong about the satisfaction of decapitating your enemy's head. Whatever the case may be, if you enjoy hardcore battle, you will enjoy this game.10/10"
76561198137072200,Recommended,219640,16067557,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,SWAN,This is what elder scrolls online should be. All skill based combat. Amazing game.
76561197986989677,Recommended,219640,16067691,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Sir Henry Morgan,Fun Game
,Recommended,219640,16067928,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Teriyaki_Freak,"This game is awsome; the combat is smooth (within 150 ping) and the graphics are excellent (though probably dependent upon your own computer).Many people say the game is dying and that there are only the tryhards left, but there are beginner servers that new players can join that give them a chance to learn the flow of the game before jumping in to fight the pros.Overall, this game goes on sale a lot, so that another thing to note, as the sales bring more and more people into servers."
76561198145835475,Recommended,219640,18556687,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,$_SuperLocal,"I like the whole idea of the game and the multiplayer game modes were pretty fun. Really the only complaint i have it that the games online need to disable freindly fire, this is a critical issue with the game because alot to time your slashing the same perosn as a teamate who is running in front of you mid swing."
76561198243224098,Recommended,219640,18556972,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,jhet77,"This is a really good, realistic first person slasher. It has good hitboxes, unlike skyrim when you hit somebody it's like you feel the impact AND it has a balanced combat system. One of the most difficult things about Chivalry, is it's steep learning curve. You've got to know how to parry, when to thrust/overhead/slash at the same time and many more. The community is a bit unforgiving to newbies, but with time you'll get better and they'll respect you.Rating: 9.5/10"
76561197976158875,Recommended,219640,18557036,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Aunt Jemima,Best game in my masssive steam library. See: hours played...I owed them a review long time ago.
,Recommended,219640,18557086,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Sneaky Turtle,"A good game that is a little hard at first getting timing right and finding a weapon that works for you. After you play a little, the game becomes really fun and addictive."
76561198121714238,Recommended,219640,18557232,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,edward2009,it is a great game so far i love how you can dismember everything. it also gives off the real medieval warfare it is true to its word lol. the arrow drop is also realistist love how when you shoot a arrow you can press a button to whatch the arrow tilll it hits it is over alll a great game as said at the first
76561197961915581,Not Recommended,219640,18587215,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mudkicker,"Whoever likes bad controls, horrible game-mechanics and a total of 80% teamkilling should buy this game. For me a total disappointment."
76561198152923100,Not Recommended,219640,18593561,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Tom Crusade,♥♥♥♥ing fagots on this game on my team see me and are like you know what i just realized i dont care about dis♥♥♥♥♥♥and start to stab and kick meh
,Not Recommended,219640,18593735,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,This Acct Got Hijacked. RIP,No in-game voice chat.
,Recommended,219640,18593738,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,xxlonegunmanxx,"IRL You often see bald, overweight gamers. This is the game. 10/10 would regret again."
,Recommended,219640,18595052,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,LeethalGambit,"This is the best game on steam IMO, hands down. If someone would only turn this into an open world Chivalry verson of planetside 2 I could die a happy man."
76561198216084120,Recommended,219640,18604715,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Kelvid,Extremely fun.
,Recommended,219640,18594604,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Vincent,I love this game. It's PVP madness with swords and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't usually like PVP but this is fun. Picture a round of call of duty with swords. That's basically what this is. I highly recommend checking it out.
,Recommended,219640,18605671,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,CramCram,Great game if you like getting team killed but overall if you dont care about having a good time then buy it
76561198028043855,Not Recommended,219640,14566552,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Peen,♥♥♥♥ the devs and ♥♥♥♥t this broken pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ avoid this garbage
,Not Recommended,219640,16728211,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),Can't even get on a server (none come up) to be able to actually play the game???
,Recommended,219640,18689123,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,aRiitor,10/10 would hit F10 again!
,Recommended,219640,1357893,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,Science!,Hack and slashtastic!
,Recommended,219640,18634578,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,LancerPrancer,Straight up Hack and slash... block and dodge.. die alot but kills are so satisfying!
,Not Recommended,219640,18573877,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,reier,"tl;dr Abundant buggy mechanic exploiters and ABYSMAL hit registration in a melee game. In a game where all that matter is your hits connecting.This game... justIt can be super fun. I REALLY WANT to like it. It could be so good- but it's not.The hit detection is just broken beyond belief and one a game like this, it's unplayable most of the time. That's not to say it is impossible or anything, but this is the kind of game where lag is unacceptable and it is ridden with lag. The animations on many weapons are awful as well, not allowing you time to react whatsoever. Componded this with the fact that many of the ""vets"" have mastered the buggy mechanics and poor animations and it adds up to a miserable experience most of the time. Not all of the time, but far more than it should be.It makes me really sad as this game has so much potential but it simply is not a good game. It's playable on some level, but I can't recommend this. As is, it's basically luck if you get anywhere."
76561198069029921,Recommended,219640,16082856,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,A greasy pair of trousers,When ever you kill a teammate just type sorry in the chat and you will never be kicked.
,Recommended,219640,16083062,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,GodNo.XIII,CS:GO without guns
76561198002568917,Recommended,219640,16084586,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Padds,"ahh i had forgotten just how much fun this game is, jump into a nice 32-64 ffa grab something metal and sharp or heavy and start chopping or crushing anything that moves. combats basic in a lot of ways just a few moves and a parry , but theres depth to in using the aim to swing the sword you can haste or delay a strike combo moves together and you can end up with some fun mind game involving duels as each tries to fake the other out or get them to miss step into a swing.Of course while you two dance some bastage is probably just going to cleave both your heads off with a charge.special nots has to be made to the sounds play it loud and turn that bass up , the crunching hacking splatterfest just keeps me chuckling.oh and remember the rules, murder those ♥♥♥♥♥ archers first then finish your fight."
,Recommended,219640,16084932,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ONE AWP,Just buy it.
76561198067016183,Recommended,219640,16085364,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,KrakensHome,"if you like cutting peoples arms and legs off and then laughing about it, this is your kinda game 10/10"
76561198136568676,Recommended,219640,16085475,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,AggressionSsb,Great game for random fun. Jump in when you want and slash your way to victory.
,Recommended,219640,16085839,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Shogo,RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,16085865,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Flarphengarg,Yes
,Recommended,219640,16089596,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,General Erik,"I hacked an enemy's leg off and told him to ""walk it off"" with the ""sorry"" voice command.10/10"
76561198193642775,Recommended,219640,16089636,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Duke Windsor,nice game
,Recommended,219640,16326063,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Vill du få kaffe med mig?,I actually really f#&king love this game. Something about the raw humour that seems to be imbued into the way that players seem to always be laughing as if it is all jolly good fun to chop people limb from limb.
,Recommended,219640,14719790,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Kyrottimus,"***UPDATE:  Update, runs flawless now for Linux. For anyone wanting a fun Hack-n-Slash FPS on Linux, grab it! Totally stable now.This review applies to the Linux Client:  Great game, takes some getting used to but still fun as hell!"
76561198044616206,Recommended,219640,16330036,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Abbo1091,This is the kind of game I like the most. It's not easy but you'll have great fun butchering those damn archers.I really recommend it.
76561198143186288,Recommended,219640,16330864,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MajorWexley,Fans of medevial times and skyrim rejoice! Chilvary medival warfare is a very well made game and it is definetly worth the money!
76561198182224791,Recommended,219640,16330929,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Pyrocynical,A great game!
76561197996820097,Recommended,219640,13963165,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,DankAssCanadian,"0-15 lvl servers gives the game a solid 12/10.Come out of 0-15, apparently everyone takes this game mlg, cranks their sensitivty to 120, and spams r1 while spinning so fast it looks like he killed you with a sword up his♥♥♥♥♥ Only thing that I find was better in the original mod is the blocking system, I found it quite good in the mod, and in mediaval warfare I don't like as much.Other then that this game is incredibly fun to play with friends and even alone it's very amusing. Running around as a man-at-arms with a muffintop punching everything you see is not only fun but very challenging.All in all : Chivalry : medieval warfare is a one of kind first person/third person hack n slash mayhem fest where the player tires to survive incoming onslaughts of angry r1 spamming enemies while at the same time trying to survive the deadliest of all foes, his own teamates that also r1 spam all over the place.Would R1 spam again."
,Recommended,219640,16298510,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Plær1,"Pretty good game, wish there was a 50~50 option to pick. Going to keep a close  eye on future updates because it's pretty fun, just not best russia ya' know?"
,Recommended,219640,16299384,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,stayPLURNT,Amazing fun! Like COD but with swords!
,Recommended,219640,16300560,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Kitsune,Not what I thought it was.  I was somehow underthe impression that it had single player mode... But it's purely multiplayer pvp.herp derp.
,Recommended,219640,958385,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,SpoOoOoky!,the♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198168575391,Recommended,219640,16318932,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Toborian,I killed 4 people on my team my first game. 10/10
76561198043244793,Recommended,219640,16319338,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,BorrisTheSovietLuvHammer,A very fun choppy-choppy stabby-stabby game
,Recommended,219640,16320496,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ｂｉｇ Ｇａｖ (Gone till December),k
76561198188782454,Recommended,219640,16323083,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Turtle Neck,Basically if that one movie A Knight's Tale was directed by Quentin Tarentino10/10 would get chopped up again
76561198070965283,Recommended,219640,16323679,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Chef Boy OD,M'lady 3/10
76561198199252326,Recommended,219640,16318004,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Pandasian3,good game
76561198018528489,Recommended,219640,16318057,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Bunt,"Great way to cry your self to sleep.Pros- Gore- Mechanics- Battle criesCons- There is always someone better than you, thus the crying.7/10"
,Recommended,219640,16318139,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Stewy,Steep learning curve but overall a decent game.
76561198111823167,Recommended,219640,16289230,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Moshimo,"Laughing at butthurt players, then crying over own incompetence. 10/10 emotional rollercoaster"
,Recommended,219640,16291899,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Bonehead,"This and War of the Roses are the only 2 games I've played that give me a fun Medieval combat experience. This one tends to be a bit more violent (what with the chopping off of heads and limbs), but that's the way it should be!"
,Recommended,219640,16292233,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,TyndeDiller,"If you like cutting heads off noobs, buy this gameIf you want to discover you're actually the noob, when you're repeatingly decapitated or long distance sniped by more skilled players, buy this gameIf you want buggy hitbox/connection issues, definitely buy this gameChilvarly is without a doubt the best medieval combat game I've tried, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ can it rustle your jimmies. If you want to be good at this game, prepare to spend a lot of time.I hate people who are actually ""good"" at this game.7/10 - Maul and Zweihander are so op, but ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t spinning♥♥♥♥♥♥tactics!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,7868759,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Adam,"Great game, best quality on ultra"
,Recommended,219640,11335204,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Blindave csgoatse.com,"+ Awesome gameplay, moreless realistic medieval warfare, physics, intense fights- For a game with no singleplayer the price is too high"
,Recommended,219640,16397266,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,orionat,its fun but hard. and theres alot of idiots on the servers.
,Recommended,219640,16490460,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,#Part5Never,First 10 minutes into the gameWas playing as a VanguardArcher shot me in the kneeCan still walk10/10
76561198165486990,Not Recommended,219640,14736466,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Lets get f*cked up!,"I just got this game and it looks good, but when I click on training or one a server, it will never stop loading. I have been on the loading screen for 10 min."
76561198151574727,Recommended,219640,14736575,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,catslovecake,chivalry is the best medeval pvp game in the world acording to me it has amazing graphics and amazing effects WARNING the game is very gory as to its relationship with medeval back ground apart from that the games is alsome but my only negitive comment is that once you start plaing it all you do is fight and do tasks i wouldant recommend it as a daily game to go oni would highly recommend this game to a teen as i do not all the gore is suiable for younger children but so far very inpressed with the game
76561198130809957,Recommended,219640,14736723,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Dragonz,"slashed into a group and only killed team-mates, no enemies.10/10 would slash again"
,Recommended,219640,14737553,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,skumskilla,"""Back in my day this game was a free mod."""
76561198133800549,Recommended,219640,14737982,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Bobby,best pvp game yet that ive played can lag
76561198006980540,Recommended,219640,2413451,"Posted: 18 February, 2013",all,Eric,"Online Medieval Arena... What's Best?? no personalizations, no level, no role, only blood and fun!prendetelo e ci spacchiamo online!! xD"
,Not Recommended,219640,14738183,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Rei,"this game sucks,♥♥♥♥♥♥hit detection, no stunning, no hitmarkers"
76561198042579170,Recommended,219640,14738559,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Chocolate Cow,gg
,Recommended,219640,1886658,"Posted: 10 December, 2012",all,Grumms,Best combat.
,Recommended,219640,1650098,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Juggernaut,Pretty much the ultimate Tk machine. I recommend shooting into crowds with a crossbow.
,Recommended,219640,11010998,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,K I N G  B O Y E,"Yeah I can run it now, it's fun."
,Recommended,219640,10166845,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,MaikeL Childish,VERY MUCH MUH MUH
,Recommended,219640,1059204,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,j4zz,Awesome - instant fun every time!
,Recommended,219640,246790,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Vaatu,Love it. Tons of fun!
,Recommended,219640,8952759,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Phadellic -CK-,bangin'
,Recommended,219640,12963022,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,UltraViolence,Crush your enemies. See them driven before you. Hear the lamentations of their women.11/10
,Recommended,219640,3847563,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,[BW] Jdubs,"Best hand to hand combat system I have seen, awesome game."
76561198018574102,Recommended,219640,8748119,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,[SiGL]schase,its very fun  but be prepared to get attacked by 4 guys at once.
76561198060899427,Recommended,219640,13023252,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Ronald McDonald,Hands down one of the best games i've played if you dont suck at medeival combat as in you can block where your character only blocks for like 3 seconds(not including shields) and where being off by even a second will result in getting hit but its fun running around with a giant halberd bardiche maul and many more weapons disarming people (literally) and beheading them and finally chopping off the limbs of there dead corpse.
,Recommended,219640,1122969,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,SoMeGuY,"Literally the most exhilarating, skull-smashing, interesting indie game of the year.  When it goes on sale, buy a box set for all of your friends, you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,219640,13615405,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Alpha α,No Regret. Best first person swordfight!!-LIKE CHOPPING PEOPLE HEAD-LIKE KILLING FRIENDSBUY IT.
,Recommended,219640,13616983,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kuzan`,"Awesome game.The gameplay is pretty cool.Worth its money , especialy with discount."
76561198126248239,Recommended,219640,13617391,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Tram,it is entertaining but i dont tink its worf it
,Recommended,219640,13650216,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sefe,You will feel how it is like to lose your head. And see others heads roll.Would cut off more heads.
76561198066541099,Recommended,219640,13650244,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Star66,I don't know what's going on!
,Recommended,219640,13651108,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tovarisch Андрей,"This game is overwhelmingly fun and complicated. It has a very good concept and is exceptionally made, but is very complicated and discouraging when bested by that one guys in each game. Buy at your own risk!"
,Recommended,219640,13653264,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Seven Realmed,Dismembering people?10/10 would dismember anything
,Recommended,219640,13668759,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,CamelChip,"Ran to a bridge, stopped, and got jumped by enemy soldiers with  no legs.10/10 Would get jumped again"
76561198068727264,Recommended,219640,13669091,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Miles332,very good very nice i like it
,Recommended,219640,13166872,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sharpcheddar,Fun to get the wrangler out
76561198035496612,Recommended,219640,13166978,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Poggerino,Battlefield had sex with Medieval times and birthed this epic game.
76561198124284319,Recommended,219640,13168073,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,247person,A great warfare game that's diffrent from all other games. It's very hard but super fun and I highly recommend it!
76561198097013265,Recommended,219640,13168083,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Melting Pot of Friendship,Great game but none of my workshop mods work for it.
,Recommended,219640,13168817,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,hecker,First person/Third person.... Amazing!
,Recommended,219640,13168951,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Karate,Do you like to get drunk/stoned and hit people with swords?
76561198078989280,Recommended,219640,13170476,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DANIËL.,nice fun and cheap game not very stable
76561198057945050,Recommended,219640,13172173,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,G.H.A.P.P.B. Marrowind,Its probably the best swords game out there!
76561198164551669,Recommended,219640,13065843,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Silvermont Rogue,> Fun to play! Hard to master! <
,Recommended,219640,13172736,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Term,Friendly Fire: The Game.
76561198113851818,Recommended,219640,13173016,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,The Fastest Hand In The West,sprint attacks are op 10/10
76561198021649302,Not Recommended,219640,13173278,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,KillerKebab,"This game is f****n terrible!What the hell is wrong with everyone? ever since i've played mount & blade my standards for these kind of games have skyrocketed, and so it should.the mechanics of this game is so boring and dull, you either block or attack left mouse button and right mouse button.its a game for 6-12 year olds as their is hardly any skill involved or complexity to the game.its a failure of a game compared to Mount&Blade!!! waste of money and time hardly any customization, and there is already pre set classes for you with each individual skills which pisses me off because in Mount&Blade if you were good with a bow you could shoot and if you were good with a sword you could fight off any melee fighters thus making your character as good as your skill level, but in this if you're an archer you will be chopped to pieces by a ""vanguard"" or ""knight"" even if they're a♥♥♥♥♥♥player because an Archer can hardly fight in this game"
76561198005991432,Not Recommended,219640,13174054,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,chestrcheeto,"I only recommend this game for a little while. Once you unlock the weapons available for each class, there's nothing else to go for. I'm not sure what gaining levels of rank do for you. They don't unlock anything new that I could tell. Lag ruins many of the melee battles and being able to do much as an archer is practically impossible. You'll spend 20 arrows missing all to get one-shot by someone from behind. Also, there's a shop that has cosmetic armor and weapons available for sale after the fact that you already paid for it. Maybe if this was F2P it'd make sense but to me it doesn't. They don't  even allow you to attain the gear from playing instead of buying it."
76561198000385805,Recommended,219640,13175631,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Vansterhant,"-Decent amount of players-Better ping than war series-3rd person/1st person-Customization but very few content in itSo if you've played war series or mount & blade, i recommend this game.Graphics 8/10Gameplay 9/10Story N/A just pure medieval!"
,Recommended,219640,13176441,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,しふ,"first 30 minute into this gameminute 1-10 setting my fanciest graphics:fps10-11 joined a rookie server--kicked due to high ping (my ping be like 120)--11-15 crashload in the loading screen15-16 finally joined some good pinged server, no rank limit though16-25 GEEZUZ FOHKIN GRIST! DO I LOOK LIKE BLUE TO YOU NIG*A?and i spend last 5 minute doing free for all just for a laugh.11/10 would cut a limb again"
76561198050096404,Recommended,219640,13176796,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,helloMYbanebridge,"Played alot at a friends house lots of good medieval fun, I like trying to behead people with the longswords and what not.  good sized matches with basic objectives that give you reasons to stab people with axes and swords, and oh yeah you can shoot people as an archer.  I suppose I would describe it as a team fortress 2 in the castle age. Best part are the taunts10/10 would absolutely lose my head to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sword again"
76561198000726083,Recommended,219640,13177298,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,The Engineer,I walked in the map.someone screamed like a ♥♥♥♥♥ and cut my hand off. 11\10
,Recommended,219640,1040204,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,Drakferatu,Never. Stop. Screaming.
,Not Recommended,219640,16616678,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Deus Vult,I used to love this game but it got boring realy fast what ever you do dont buy it
,Recommended,219640,16616953,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,♛Flaviusss♛,Best.Game.Ever.
,Recommended,219640,16631382,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,NooBie McNooB™,"Chivalry, the stupidest, best piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥(especailly the deadliest warrior DLC, I love DW) i've ever spent £2 on, 10/10 would decapitate again"
76561198072492613,Recommended,219640,16631960,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Scruffy,*Spawns* *Rushes into battle with teammates* *Gets decapitated* *Spawns* *Rushes into battle alone* *Gets shot in the head by an archer* Gr8
76561198045563484,Recommended,219640,16632698,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BIG_GUAP494,HITLER IS LIFEIGN_10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,16633416,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kappa123,"4/10. It's only fun for first 30 minutes, then you will understand how unbalanced and stupid the game mechanics is. Everybody can duel till morning because you can parry every attack with your shield or you sword. For example , ninjas in game (which must be the speediest class) is utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥ You swing your sword at the same time as other characters. Only thing you can uniqely do is barrelrolling, which is again, useless against someone using a sword.Do i regret buying this game ? YES. DO NOT BUY IT unless you want to play a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FPS game. (anything is better than this game)"
,Recommended,219640,16634487,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Runningham,10/10Needs more teamkilling
76561198015646202,Recommended,219640,16634664,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,bowmanski86,Great game ! i recommend it and you know if i recommend it then it must be great game !
76561198083978922,Recommended,219640,16635881,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Frosty118,Some guy joins and claims that if you vote kick you get banned from the game.10/10 would find that guy again.
,Not Recommended,219640,16635934,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,thecreepermann,Don't take this down vote the wrong way this game is amazing. But my mouse cuts out in the middle of the game sometimes. I can still use mouse 1 and mouse 2 but I can't look around. (My mouse is a razor Naga) This could be Razor's fault however.
,Recommended,219640,16636111,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Vahlkor,Simply one of the best experiences as a warrior or archer on a first person Arena combat! Will recommend to all of you who want to take it out with your friends on real Duels 1 v 1 combat!
76561197972879406,Recommended,219640,16636859,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dimswitch,This game is highly addictive and very fun.FOR THE ORDER!!!
,Recommended,219640,16637195,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SureGoated,Buy this game if you think you can ♥♥♥♥ing handle it! But really it is fun but after a while you will get sick of it as I did. I put what? 7 hours in after that I couldn't even look at the ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,219640,16639772,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Veniym,"Played Age of Chivalry before this game, loved it. wasnt spending $25 on a game from a mod.. summer steam sale forced me to buy it for $3.50 and that included the xpac. Worth every cent.10/10 great game...but not for $25"
76561198154763458,Recommended,219640,16641105,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,֍Ֆpøøkster֍,wikid kool
,Not Recommended,219640,10953115,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Zebraa,"Pretty buggy. Has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly high learning curve and doesnt have a matchmaking system so you are fighting level 50's (100's and hundeds of hours of gameplay) as a level 0. Some maps have balance problems with Archers and they become stupidly overpowered (especially with a placeable shield what the ♥♥♥♥). If you even damage a team mate on accident, you WILL get vote kicked. People vote yes all the time. Doesnt matter if you did it or not, I've seen people with 0% team damage get vote kicked because they were doing well. Just overall a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ crybaby community on top of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking system with no game modes that are fun."
76561198026607781,Recommended,219640,10953240,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Elephunk,"I have a feeling I will be logging hundreds more hours in this game. Chivalry has a fair number of negative reviews, however, from users with hundred of hours logged. The main complaints seemed to be constant class imbalance from failed ""fixes"" as well as its numerous bugs.The game's engine features one of the best melee fighting mechanisms I have seen, and I suspect that the focus on overdeveloping the gameplay that Chivalry has suffered in most other areas. What caught me by surprise was the game's humor and its often large open-area maps. The ""Training"" feature, while helpful, feels like it was put-together in 2005 and is the most apparent example of the game's bugginess and lack of attention to visual details. Multiplayer is much cleaner and far more ""presentable.""The gameplay, again, is hands-down the selling point for Chivalry and justifies a hefty pricetag. Any class balance issues will probably not be felt until you have already enjoyed days of playtime, and while the game is challenging it is only so because of its complex fighting system (which is only really a half-dozen controls or so)."
76561198126861724,Recommended,219640,10953478,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,FALUKUNGEN,i recommend this awesom game it is super fun and bloody
76561198037754919,Recommended,219640,10953952,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Albator,"If you find yourself shearching for another style of fps combat, this is the game for you. Brutal melee fighting, a fluid combat mechanic, overall a very fun game."
76561198026602460,Recommended,219640,10954545,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cease,exploded a mans head with an arrow.  10/10
76561198126971622,Recommended,219640,10955135,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mofat,"Awesome game, very fun!"
,Recommended,219640,11114561,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Cromus,A refreshingly innovative IP. Easy to learn and difficult to master. A good game for those who are looking for something new in the PvP world and are up for a challenge.
,Recommended,219640,11115294,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,crinkly.thunder,hilarious game
,Recommended,219640,11118468,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,NavyStorm,Shield slapping simulator
,Recommended,219640,5062540,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Red Finch,"Very fun. Very much like a Elderscrolls PVP, minus the magic. Each class is quite different, and can be mastered quite quickly based off your fighting preference. The objective game types are the best, and I've found a lot of good varience in them. It looks purty too!"
,Recommended,219640,11120595,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,MistaMac,Pretty shweet game
,Recommended,219640,3584293,"Posted: 18 October, 2012",all,Reidio,"Great game, incredibly addicting."
76561198059193005,Recommended,219640,11144881,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Strolok,Play this for the best melee combat ever realized. For the hidden sadist within every one of us. Every hit you land and receive is incredibly satisfying. It makes the archaic lock-on combat of Dark Souls look even worse.
,Recommended,219640,11135834,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Hello im Seth!,1 little 2 little 3 little heads 4 little 5 little 6 little heads 7 little 8 little 9 little heads 10 little heads rolling on the floor
76561197989916546,Recommended,219640,11139655,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,BreakChimp,"A brilliantly simple hack and slash game, complete with satisfyingly gruesome dismemberment and decapitation. The controls are excellent and provide a fun challenge in mastering the timing of chain attacks with different weapons. The game is online multiplayer only and there are a good variety of game modes, with the objective based games (For example, pushing a cart of corpses into an enemy water supply) being the most fun. The game runs very smoothly even on full servers and the chaos you'll find here is very much like medieval warfare. Teamkilling is practically a part of the game as accidents happen very, very fequently, but its hilarious rather than frustrating (Dont expect to go on a 20 kill rampage, your team mate will probably behead you first lol).I find this to be a great pick up and play game, and have lost many, many fun filled hours to it. My only gripes would be that the levelling up system doesnt really seem to offer that much advancement or exciting new weapons to use and there could be more maps to play on. Other than that, I'd say grab some frineds and give it a try! Highly recommended if you fancy something a bit different from an FPS or are into the Medieval setting."
,Recommended,219640,11141192,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,R0GU36,"Fun game, focuses on blunt melee combat (but does include ranged archery weapons). Game is a bit buggy despite being the final release, including some strange behaviors in the tutorial (I chose the blue side, yet they referenced me as being on the red team, the tutors acted strangely as well, and some captions were misspelled and did not match what was being said). All in all a fun game to play, especially with a lot of friends."
,Not Recommended,219640,11141625,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ADamnWizard,"Played this game for a good bit, turns out the weapons sometimes go right through the enemy without doing anything. That alone says bad game to me."
76561198100230471,Recommended,219640,11128020,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,BUTT FLAPS,you can chop peoples heads off! :D
76561198092345541,Recommended,219640,7204848,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Safari man,"Лучшая, 10/10 !"
76561198119593687,Recommended,219640,11130816,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Chris The Croissant,"this game is definately fun when you get the hang of it but if you dislike gore,not the game for you."
,Recommended,219640,8722432,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Wild Manta,"I CUT MAN AND HE FALL DOWN ND NOT GET UPLOVE TIS GAME MODERN WARFARE BUT MEDIEVAL YEAH?BLOD ALL OVER PIZZA NOT MUCH SPACE LEFTBut seriously, I highly enjoyed this game's aspects and its sword to sword combat is unrivaled by other first person multiplayer game. I very much enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,219640,16108134,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,potato,"In the short time I've played this game I had fun. Granted, the first couple of times I died trying to get the hang of the blocking and attacking I got really mad. But now that I know how to play the community is fun to play with, and  I enjoyed it."
76561198146876051,Recommended,219640,16108216,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Icebandit,"Great game!  A little laggy, but you get used to it pretty fast! Could be better, but well made! 1-10. probably an 8!"
,Not Recommended,219640,16108377,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Arrowhawk,"i love this game so much, but it doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing work. I bought it on sale and it was super awesome and fun. And then out of the blue the servers didn't show up. I went to the devs website and tried to see what was going on and one of the admins told me to change the name of the config. It didn't work, then i restarted it, nothing, then finally i uninstalled andreinstalled and it still didn't work, i tried changing the name of the config again and it still didn't work. Not even the ♥♥♥♥ing dedicated servers from the devs ♥♥♥♥ing show up. I looked everywhere and i couldn't find anything to help fix my problem. if you can help me then send me a message but other than that i have no idea what the issue is."
,Recommended,219640,16108651,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,dylanfofo,is a gud 1
76561198008098582,Recommended,219640,16108660,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,bobhoadley,"Chivalry comes with a good tutorial that helps you to quickly learn some of the game’s basic moves.  The controls are mostly what we have seen in other games but there are a few tricky nuances that take some getting used to.   There is also a section in the tutorial that lets you try out each of the basic classes to see which you like the best.  Once I worked through the training I was ready to try playing the game.  For me, this was a bit of a disappointment.  There were a lot of game sessions out there including around 10 to 15 for new comers, but most were full so I had to wait a bit to give it a try.    When I finally did make it in to a session, I had fun and after-all that’s really what our gaming hobby is all about.  I do recommend this game to others, but don’t expect too much.  It’s hacking and slashing, if you like doing that, then you will have fun."
76561198101437998,Recommended,219640,16109238,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,DeadPool,"steam should make it where if you play the game soon enough, you automatically get it without needing to play.."
,Recommended,219640,16109636,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,MonsterNeal,its like the battlefield series but instead of modern age it is medieval. what is there to not like? oh yeah all the team kills haha. but the thing is this is the only game i dont mind getting team killed because i am sure it happened allot back in those days. and when people troll and go out on purpose killing there teammates they get kicked fast. even if you do it by accident and your enemy to friendly ratio damage is real off you wil get kicked.
,Recommended,219640,16109698,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jowlss,Got my head punched off while trying to stab a guy.11/10
76561198170411721,Recommended,219640,16109960,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Ghatman,i love how the base of the game is played its a great role play game for being a knight not even g mod can do better its one of those games that change all gamers minds on one glance it lookes stupid but its fun all tipes of ways i think every one should try the game
76561198123005138,Recommended,219640,16110525,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Absolute Moist,This game is one of my favorite games on console and PC keep up the great work!
,Recommended,219640,16108735,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,captain crunchy,"All I really need to say is that this is my favorite multiplayer experience ever.Pros:-Brutal, satisfying combat-Skill and attentiveness are rewarded-Plenty of maps, solid variety of weapons-Fun and diverse game modes-Hilarious in-game voice commands (Come over here, squire...)Cons:-A few animation exploits-Some of the ""pro"" types can be obnoxious-Some lingering bugs-Team-based modes need to distribute high and low rank players more evenly9/10 would spam taunts over and over again"
,Recommended,219640,16111610,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,fierysonic,Amazing I doubted it would be any good! But the game is Amazing!
,Recommended,219640,16112428,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,RageQuitProductions,good... very good.
76561198110466300,Recommended,219640,16112431,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Morning_Wood,This game is fun!!I hope they will make more on customization . Like designing face and body types. Also it would be nice to see female characters.
76561197993096457,Recommended,219640,16113446,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,B007Cyber,i enjoyed it
76561198049408908,Recommended,219640,16113495,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Goughy,More addictive than skooma 11/10
,Recommended,219640,16114238,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Ravaaga,This game is amazing! the combat is fast paced and never stops being satisfying. The game modes are amazing and this is one of the best games i have ever found in my entire life.
,Recommended,219640,16114898,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,PRiNCE,nice..really well made...u actuaally fell like in a medieval battle. at least how u d imagine onethumbs up
76561198116224006,Recommended,219640,16115150,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,BoX,This is an amazing game 10/10
76561198067246454,Not Recommended,219640,16107013,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Rickest Rick,If ever you wanted to waste 25$ on the worst community of any game in the world than this is the game for you. It's almost fun up to level 15 but after that there is no balancing within the game and it becomes unplayable.0/10 would not buy if it was 100% off
76561198155010754,Recommended,219640,16107037,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Achuran,10/10 would slice guys head off again
,Recommended,219640,16107238,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,owenmd1,crossbow/dagger.
,Recommended,219640,16107397,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,The Beef Slave,"This is one of my favourite games, ever. It has a charm to it that won't let me go, I play it with my friends both online and playing swapsies couch multiplayer and every loves it, even if we do suck at this game, we thoroughly enjoy it. Of course it has its obvious drawbacks so check out my first 'proper' review below.Here is a pros and cons list from my point of view.GAMEPLAYPros:- Fun.- Simple to grasp the basics - Left mouse button, scroll up, scroll down (attacks). Right mouse button (block).- Difficult to master, but SATISFYING when you do (attacks, blocks, timing, situational awareness, reflexes and movement incorporated together).- 4 DISTINCT classes, allowing for varied styles of play. (Archer, Man at Arms, Vanguard and Knight).- A large number of weapons varying in: Speed, reach and damage (you can also purchase cosmetic weapons skins from the in-game customisation (real money micro-transactions).-  Removable limbs.- Horrifying glitches.- Siege weaponry.- Grab a controller, some beers and link up to a TV, it is fun played with friends as a swapsies couch multiplayer game as well as on your own.- Not pay-to-win, unless you are willing to pay with your blood, sweat, tears and sanity.- The voice overs are hilarious and so overused that they only get funnier.Cons:- 'Exploits' which allow people to painstakingly wrench their puny wrists across the desk with mouse in tow, the middle button scrolled upwards parallel to their throbbing erection as they gleefully murder you in a crouched poise with such an unnecessary amount of effort that it almost tires you out to the point where you are passed out in your own naked, sweating lap.- People can be bothered to exploit.Overall: Very positive. This game is challenging but even when death drags you down to the crustiest depths of hell, your (most-likely) amusing demise will take the edge off the rage. Just enjoy yourself, its what we're here for!GRAPHICS and ANIMATIONS:Pros:- Yeah they're not bad at all, if you're a graphics buff then it isn't the best, but it'll do. The gameplay compensates for the lack of next gen graphics and I don't even play on full settings.- Animations are overall pretty nice.- Dependent on the map, environments are usually very nice and distinct from map to map. The workshop and community creation incorporation has allowed for numerous more new, creative and fun maps.Cons:- The graphics aren't amazing, but they're good enough, stop complaining.- Animations glitch sometimes, especially death animations, but who cares we're having so much fun.Overall: Very positive.COMMUNITY:Pros:- Some people are very amusing.- Very well-integrated user generated content, many interesting maps, armour and weapon skins.- Mods, mods, mods! Everywhere! Thank you creatives!Cons:- So much butt hurt you'll think you are playing the Sodomy Simulator 2015.- Team killing is rife, do not go afk unless you wish to be either slain or kicked within roughly 15 seconds of you leaving your computer to grab a bag of quavers.- Keep your quavers or other such crisp snacks nearby.Overall: Mixed. A lot of really very lame people about but oh well, there is a fair share of decent guys and gals though. Death isn't as fun to deliver when it doesn't result in butt ache anyway, right? And anyway, who else is going to create sweet mods?!CUSTOMISATIONPros:- It exists.- It has fair depth, enough to make clear variations in players, especially in free-for-all where your colours cloth and shield patterns are entirely of your choosing.- There are micro-transactions, but only for cosmetic features which do not change gameplay mechanics, makes you look pretty rad though. (Reasonably priced in my opinion too).- You can make your own distinct look without having to purchase in-game skins.- User crafted weapon skins and helmets are heavily incorporated here. 3D artists come join in the fun!Cons:- Micro-transactions, but it helps keep Torn Banner developing so its kind of a plus-minus.Overall: Yeah!DEVELOPERS (TORN BANNER):Pros:- Responsive.- Fairly regular updates.- They encourage community creativity.- They have a sense of humour.Cons:- They need to fix a vast number of balance issues in the game such as team balancing and hitboxes were apparently changed for the worse a while back. Then again I'm happy with the hitboxes, they seem reasonable to me.- The updates don't often do a huge amount to fix faulted mechanics, historically it has made it worse at times! However the community is speaking up about it more and so hopefully changes will occur.Overall: Not bad, they made a good, fun game and are engaged with their following. They also haven't ran off with all our money, not yet anyway.CONCLUSION: Yeah it is a great game, it has obvious downfalls but a lot of them are in the community itself! This is a shame because its kind of making what could be one of the most FUN and SATISFYING games on the market seem a bit less... fun ...But please, consider buying this game, I'm not great at it and rarely end with a K/D ratio above 1.00, but who cares? Its genuinely an amusing and pleasing game to play, its about showcasing your skills and helping your team. Just enjoy yourself and immerse yourself in a low-fantasy, gritty, humorous, gory and glorifying realm of melee combat (♥♥♥♥ off archers).------Hopefully this was helpful, it is my first 'actual' review, so feedback is appreciated.Feel free to add me, I play this a fair bit with my friends and missus so do come and join us!"
,Recommended,219640,16107529,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,JiFFY,Fun
,Recommended,219640,16107777,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Ignis Fatuus,Good game to play online and offline. Bots are great!
,Recommended,219640,16206574,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Octotr0n,Seriously one of the funnest first person multiplayer games I have played to date.
,Recommended,219640,2013835,"Posted: 19 October, 2012",all,MoussaDembélé,"An extremely intuitive yet deep combat system is at the core of this great multiplayer first person slash-em-up.  With three basic attack types (slash, overhead smash and stab), simplicity when compared to the somewhat more complex Mount and Blade is a virtue here.When you find yourself in a 1 vs 1 duel you and your opponent will be circling each other, parrying, feinting and looking for an opening.  It's extremely intense and exciting, and satisfying when you lop off said opponent's head (or his arm, or his leg...).  Even more so when you come out of a 2 vs 1 battle victorious."
76561198009964371,Recommended,219640,8416810,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ღ Heyfarm ღ,"Great game, clunky fighting but it just adds to the fun if anything, should definetly try if you're into gore-bashing-skull games."
76561198025614184,Recommended,219640,8417855,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Miss Casanova™,This game is pretty damn fun and really addictive once you get a feel for the combat. It's kind of hard to enjoy at the moment though since the unlock system has been broken since forever and the developers are♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to fixing things.
,Recommended,219640,8476640,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Zug um Zug,"DLC is best DLC 2014. Yes, must buy."
,Recommended,219640,2026076,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Avarn,Satisfyingly brutal.
,Recommended,219640,8480652,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Baodrin,This game is fantastic - seriously play it guys
,Recommended,219640,8482146,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,school is lame i play video game,chopping is spiffy
,Recommended,219640,8163097,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,MortarMarshall,"Very fun game to play with friends. It was especially frustrating to me at first because I did not realize just how important blocking and juking are. I think it is essential to go through the training first. The training not only teaches you the controls and gives you practice but explains the purpose of each class. In the beginning, I also recommend playing a mode like team deathmatch first so that you quickly respawn and can get practice rather than dead and waiting for the next round to begin. Since you have to work so hard to get a kill, it seems to be much more satisfying when you do than getting a kill playing a shooter."
,Recommended,219640,8163710,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,spons,Amazing game.
,Recommended,219640,8163920,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Midren,Great game for overall combat and community! also dismemberment
76561197962012734,Recommended,219640,8164097,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,SweetieKitty :o,Be a kittywarrior! :o
,Recommended,219640,8164536,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Agent47,"Great fun, get it. Bar fights are amazing. TDM and all the other game modes are brutal and entertaining. Its a lot more fun with friends though."
76561197988337150,Recommended,219640,8165811,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Summer Bed Linen,"this is great! id compare it to counterstrike, except its in medieval ages............bows and swords and♥♥♥♥♥♥:)heaps of fun"
,Recommended,219640,8166031,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Alphinon,"Great game with loads of action. If you love first person hack n' slash, this is a definite."
,Recommended,219640,8166191,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,FourLime,This is some funny♥♥♥♥♥♥ Really a worth playing! :) Lots of fun!
,Recommended,219640,8167662,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Massacher,A good melee game for anyone like me that likes to get up close and personal and in the thick of it!
76561198015856922,Recommended,219640,8167887,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,DesertFox,excellent game for a quick battle and slaughter.  hours of funkinda like medieval c.o.d
,Recommended,219640,8168491,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Rozzy,"Not perfect, but I can't find anything better in its class."
76561198054466716,Recommended,219640,8168995,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Jeroenymous,"IMO the best medieval 1st person warfare game out there. The combat system is awesome and it feels VERY realistic. It takes a while to figure it out and while you do that you die a lot, but once you get into the controls you can dodge, jump over and crouch under your opponent's swings and hit him. Every button does something else so you can hit your opponent exactly there where he is not blocking with his schield or you can just kick him. All the different game modes are really nice because it offers a little variation. A server with 50 or a server with 16 people on it play different as well.Awesome game! Make sure you pick it up during one of the sales! Even if it's not on sale, it's definately worth the money."
76561197966728012,Recommended,219640,16098858,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,[Archer] Firecracker,bloody
,Recommended,219640,12264169,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Aschenberg,"I highly recomend this game to people who have a lot of skill. This is NOT AN EASY game. This is perhaps one of the hardest fighting games on the market. If you think throwing hadoukens or getting people over to you is too easy then this is the game for you. If you are not an experienced gamer i do not recomend this game. I'd suggest starting with the HL2 mod, Age of chivalry, try it out. If you like that mod you will like this game. If you hate that mod then don't get this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,16087112,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,onlineBoy,"doesn't work on macbook pro retina, settings on all low and 1280x800 resolution and it gets like 10 fps"
76561198081312669,Recommended,219640,16099257,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,SnoopyDog,Great game 9/10
76561198100814520,Recommended,219640,16099432,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,OhmanIwishIhadLegs,"Really, really funover 9000 out of 10"
76561198156834557,Recommended,219640,16099733,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,dovachore,such good game one of the best
,Recommended,219640,16100022,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Bluckels,This is one of those games that's best with a controller  . I love the combat system  as well as the balance in the characters .......The stronger you are the slower you are and that's the way it should be.
76561198060787841,Recommended,219640,16100075,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,MrAdoptedKid,Cool
,Recommended,219640,14142476,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,XxRazorMuffinxX,"I got this game when it was 5 bucks, and now I see today it is worth 25 bucks... I still would pay 25 dollars for this game... If you want to have some real fun with your friends. Go into a Black Knight lobby, even if there is no one in it. And tlet the mod download. Then play a custom game with your friends (they also have to go on the modded lobby) and choose the gamemode ""Black Knight"" this allows you to run around with no arms, legs, and even your head! It is amazingly and supidly fun.10/10 would kill someone while not having a head again.--Edit--Steam just had another 5 dollar sale for this game and it made it into the top sellers. This game got populated so fast, all the servers are full. I would buy this but wait for it to die down because there aren't enough severs to play."
76561198094449888,Recommended,219640,16100389,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,thirstymelon,cool
,Recommended,219640,16100632,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Lodi,Nice game. Very fun!! :D
,Recommended,219640,16101088,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Mikhail Jordan,"It's First Person DarkSouls, Hard but fun and you can GiantDad with the zweihander to pwn some noobs"
76561198064558690,Not Recommended,219640,16101100,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Odahviing,"Well, I think that a lot of these reviews have expressed the problems with this game much better than I ever could, so I'll just repeat one line that several of these players have been saying and that is, there was once a time that I could recommend this game, a time where the matches were a lot of fun and everything worked perfectly. But now, only crumbling ruins remain, this game is now a shell of what once was and all that we were prommised never came. There are only a few of the 40+ weapons in the game that anyone ever uses and light infantry running round with just their fists can beat more than half of the weapons ingame."
76561197964120651,Recommended,219640,173639,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Leach,8/10 - Finally a game that does melee combat right! Do the tutorial or you may find yourself being frustrated with some of the mechanics as they are not entirely intuitive. Overall delivers an extreamly fun experience at a really reasonable price!
76561198119534113,Recommended,219640,16101329,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dank Meme God,Hell ya best teamkill simulator 2015
76561198067929777,Recommended,219640,16101571,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Thepeatbog,"A really Great game let down by Horrific Technical issues.But if/when the game works, its damn good Craic."
,Recommended,219640,16101698,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Yolo Swaggins,"amazing game: fast, difficult, hardcore combat. Challenging, but not frustratingly so. I have one gripe, this game needs a bit more weapon balancing, and it needs a bit more weapon/class diversity so that the deciding factor is less ""what weapon do you have?"" and more ""how good with that character/weapon are you?"""
76561198143121152,Recommended,219640,16102102,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,DanPonoiC,First couple of times i played i laughed and isn't that just the point HA! or AArrgh! Yup recommend you go get it.
76561198089707900,Recommended,219640,16102289,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,animalmother,"I thought this game was hilariously funny. Chopping off limbs and chopping heads and still being able to fight for a couple seconds.I should warn you though, if you're looking for tactical gameplay this is not it, do not take this game  seriously at all. It is just pure rambo styled gameplay."
76561198036144599,Recommended,219640,16103057,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,LIDL,"The game is sooo hard, but it's fun. You need to be super Pro with melee weapons, cuz the others ( most of them ) are pros. You will fails so hard for the first time.. it will be like 2 kills 15 deaths... :D but it's good for me.. i recommended !"
76561198149691806,Recommended,219640,16340667,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Heinrich,"It's fun for a half a day, but then you realize how much people tryhard..I went into this game thinking people would be messing around, having fun - but nope.Old men in their 50s doing weird glitching overhead maneuvers with the two-handed swords, that's pretty much everything you'll experience in this game.If you rage a lot in general, don't even bother.***The reason I'm giving it a positive rating is because it's a well made game with gorgeous graphics. I can't blame the game devs for the players.***6.5/10"
76561198050796812,Recommended,219640,16341479,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mr. Delicious,sorry for tk
76561198033187725,Recommended,219640,16342890,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jelly,Shame atlas ruined my experience overall pretty okay cuz rise was there
76561198092468279,Not Recommended,219640,16343253,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ao3ayuso,I had high hopes for this game since it looked so cool in the trailers and videos I watched. Then I played the game and the controls is what this game is lacking and for 25 dollars it did not seem like it was a totall waste of money. To be honest I wish I could get a refund but I bought this so long ago. Sorry guys I know a game takes a lot of time and money but maybe it should have released later.
,Recommended,219640,16344470,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,BrewGuy,Unbelievably fun. I'm terrible at FPS games and this game is so much blatant fun that it doesn't matter.  Really great.
76561198076265348,Recommended,219640,16345514,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Pamela Voorhees,"It is glorious! REALLY good hack em' slash em' fun, especially for a knight such as myself! \[T]/"
,Recommended,219640,2085733,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,[ҒS] SaucyCooter,Great game lol lots of fun. the gore is a nice touch!
76561198130703922,Recommended,219640,16325336,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,FoxyBrit,"Awesome game, super funny to play with all your mates, just spam the warcry! Although seems to be getting harder to find servers nowadays."
76561198190630149,Recommended,219640,16348413,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Acalant,"It is arguably the best multiplayer fighting game. All the modes are really fun, and teh fact that it is not a generic first person shooter really sets it apart. I would definately buy this."
76561198051972572,Recommended,219640,16350253,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Legocomander,This game has a brutal learning curve. its like tf2 with swords
,Recommended,219640,15646431,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,SGP Ocelot,CCCCCHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198116542977,Recommended,219640,15647225,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Etheus,sick game would by
,Recommended,219640,15647549,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Descended Demon,10/10 would watch my head roll off my body again.10/10 would laugh hysterically as the samuri again.10/10 would drink rum and run like Jack Sparrow again10/10 would get shoot by a cannon again.
76561198153049012,Not Recommended,219640,15648425,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Zygeno,Love it.
76561198038050945,Recommended,219640,15639922,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Antares,The Archers are over there!
76561198141580327,Recommended,219640,16136262,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,turd ferguson,this game is freaking awesome. reminds me of the game sticks and stones from call of duty black ops.... but better.
,Recommended,219640,16136439,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Vortex,Great game graphics are amazing for a 3 year old game and the gameplay is fun and fluid.
76561198058084550,Recommended,219640,16136849,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,yung pjoter,"A histroical twist in which every soldier on the medieval field of battle is semi-autistic. It's really nice watching your brothers in arms run in wide circles swinging greatswords over their heads and pressing 4 to shout ""AUUUUUGGGGHHHH"" as they dance with the steel of their opponent. If you step back and watch too long you'll find that no one really knows what the hell they're doing in this game. It seems most people follow a basic formula of: swing, back-up, swing, back-up, swing, side step, die/on to the next one. Anyway, the combat is absolutely ludicrous and highly entertaining. Mentally/physically handicapped men in chainmail stabbing each other to death 9/10."
,Recommended,219640,16138280,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,InQ,10 отрубаных голов из 10!!!
,Recommended,219640,2169698,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Alex,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,219640,16140763,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,@nti-Christ,Nobody who plays chivalry is very chivalrous. In fact they are all very rude. I get dropkicked in the back of the head a lot.otherwise fun game 7/10 fisticuffs for liyfe.
,Recommended,219640,16141281,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,anyio,I can swing my sword faster somehow git gud scrub
,Recommended,219640,13424955,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,joe,less goo!
,Recommended,219640,13425256,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Thorill,Amazing game! Best medieval combat system I've seen.
,Recommended,219640,13426078,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Riffofthegods,"It's a fun game, very simple Medieval multiplayer game.But trust me, if you want a real combat system with 150+ players sieging a castle, play Mount & Blade: Warband instead."
76561198057415206,Recommended,219640,13426598,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,12Yr Aborted Fetus,"2 things to keep in mind1) Your teammates are more dangerous than the enemy2) If you play archer, everyone will want to kill you!Have  fun!"
76561198158582649,Recommended,219640,13482579,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,thecoon23,Very good game very realistic medieval warfare
76561198035241089,Recommended,219640,13483435,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Wootchie,Refreshing and fun combat.
,Recommended,219640,11630343,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Nick Crompton,very fun and i mean loads!
,Recommended,219640,13485646,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Daldain,"I bought this game earlier today because it was on sale and I had always wanted to play it.At first I had some trouble finding servers because the server list was not populating, but after anout half an hour of searching I found a fix to the problem...opt out of steam beata updates!!!The game quickly made up for the problem by devlivering an experience like no other, the game exceded my expectations and I hope there is still more to discover.If anyone is thinking about getting this game I would fully reccomend, dont even hesitate just buy, its freaking amazing!!!!10/10 no questions"
,Recommended,219640,8407046,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dan766,Very Fun
,Recommended,219640,8408514,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,j0shi,"""Chivalry"" is a mulitplayer First-Person-""Shooter"", except it has melee weapons and bows.The game gives me the same satisfying multiplayer experience as counterstrike does: Quick round, easy to grasp concepts but you have to really train your aim.I really recommend this game when you are stressed out and need to chop up some people, it is even more fun when you play it with friend via LAN or Voice Chat.8.5/10"
76561198056255557,Recommended,219640,5961106,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,•c o n,♥♥♥♥ing amazing ♥♥♥♥♥es
76561198054634629,Recommended,219640,8410368,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Churchill,"Dis game is so cool. If you wanna ruin peoples days, this is the game you want."
,Recommended,219640,8410506,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cyka in Bosnian,FUN
76561198081356902,Recommended,219640,8444508,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,cjbeastly45,"Amazing graphics, its realstic and the weapons are so cool, love the gamemodes and the classes and the training really helped over all 4 and a half stars out of 5 stars. :)"
,Not Recommended,219640,8444579,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Erotic Avocado,"I personally hate this game. I think the graphics are bad, the gameplay is... wanting at best, the functionality just doesn't show up. I would not recommend this to anyone, I put in just a few hours on it and hated it."
,Recommended,219640,8445052,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SILENTxHERO,dis gaym iz gud - 11 out of 9
76561198111401720,Recommended,219640,8445888,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sakij7,"Chivalry is a fantastic multiplayer game, with the most realistic swordfighting mechanics I've ever seen. It is brutal and gory, which only adds to the realism. I reccomend this to anyone who is enjoys medieval times and swordfighting. There was a bug for a long time where stats would reset themselves frequently, but this has been remedied and now the game is very enjoyable."
,Recommended,219640,8446957,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Karmacoma,"Chivalry is an amazing medival warfare game that brings the strategic and brutality of it the battle together. You can be an archer using a bow, crossbow or spear or a knight whos armor makes him withstand attacks on the front lines. You can play objective type games that have you burning down fields of wheat or storming a castle, to free for all and deathmatch. Over all this game is incredibly fun and Deadliest Warrior pack brings even more to the table. I highly recommend this game that is looking for a new game to play."
,Recommended,219640,8448887,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Paul Muad'Dib,"Extremely frustrating, the community is awful, the gameplay is unbalanced and the bugs are plentiful. Heaps of fun, 5/5"
,Recommended,219640,8449145,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,chaseninja22,One of my favorites. Extremely fun!
,Recommended,219640,5411822,"Posted: 13 March, 2013",all,Loreq,Very detailed and great combat. requires skill to play
76561198129277060,Not Recommended,219640,13794163,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Aellowryn,Meh. It is a great idea. I love the concept.  The combat is really good.  The matchmaking is bad. It is difficulty to play with friends.  There is still a lot to be asked for from this game.
,Recommended,219640,13796860,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,kill me plz,"Chivalry: deadliet warrior is one of my favorite games of all time it kinda reminds me of the old bushido blade games for playstation 1, timing is everything, And the game really opens up once your skill is high eneough, an so are the skills of other people. tje only thing this game lacks is maps, game mods and maybe a bit more weapons. nevertheless i highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,219640,13797936,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Wavelord,swords AND STUFF: VERY HARD COMBAT: FUN TIMES:
76561198058892659,Recommended,219640,13798174,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Specialist Demotable,It's fun but gets old very fast. Wait for it to go on sale.
,Recommended,219640,13460934,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Xenon Raptor,"This game is very immersive and addictive it makes more of an XP when you play wuth your friends, the visuals are excellent and so is the atmorphere created in this game. 9/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oM9tge-QqbI&list=UU3fFhSutTKK29ydFR1I2U9g"
,Recommended,219640,13787129,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Duct tape and Willpower,"Great multiplayer game with an excellent combat system.Objective maps are centered around ""push"" missions, where you complete certain objectives, such as pushing a ram or killing filthy peasants. There are also the other basic modes such as TDM, Last Team Standing, CTF, and Free For All.Graphics are pretty well, but nothing to brag about. The real effect is when you set max ragdolls.The only real problem about the game is the community, who can't stand even the simplest of mistakes.How to avoid complaints:-Agatha colors are blue, white and gold, Mason colors are Red, black, grey, and brown.-Nobody will accept that archers existed in Medival times.-""Feinting"" is a game mechanic frowned upon because it works well.-Do not press LMB in teamfightsAnd on one last note, remember to spam c."
,Recommended,219640,13815316,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,mulatto,Are you sad because you are terrible at FPS games?Then try this game for a chance to be good!
,Not Recommended,219640,13817702,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TJester,Meh
,Not Recommended,219640,13818122,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Haggart85,"This game has a lot of promise. Unfortunately, prepare to be infuriated by the wonky hit detection and atrocious online play.You'll likely play the training (one would hope before venturing into multiplayer) and you'll see just how deep the combat system is. It rewards you for proper timing and mixing up your attacks, so if you're like me...you can't wait to jump into the fray online.That's where this game falls apart. The online is AWFUL. The combat system falls apart and you'll find yourself flailing around wildly trying to hit anyone. Your blocks/parries will be met with the enemy striking you with ease and trying to time your attacks between your opponent's is most often met with random chance as to who hits who. Oh, and I hope you love friendly fire because this game loves to penalize you for hitting your teammates despite them being no where near you, let alone even in your view. Don't bother with ranged weapons either, as your arrows move at the blistering speed of a one-legged turtle. Mix that with the terrible hit detection and you're lucky if you manage to hit anyone. If you thought massed archers were supposed to be terrifying and effective? Ha! According to this game just strap on your chainmail and run through that cloud of arrows, sidestepping the laughably slow projectiles.Throw in the fact that if you're facing off against those with high unlocks, prepare to be dominated even if the hit detection randomly works!I have never had this much trouble with hit detection since the days of dialup and considering I rock a 100 MBPS down and 15 up, so I highly doubt it's my connection or my connection to the servers. You would think with how critical timing is in this game that the development team would spend time to make sure the hit detection is spot on, but it seems they just don't care enough. I have no idea...I cannot recommend this game and until something is done about the atrocious online warping and wonky hit detection, I'm sticking to LAN play and bot matches. Yes, this game is amazing...when it decides to work."
76561198048796400,Recommended,219640,13819682,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,War-Tuned,7 Mins later I realized this game really has no point 10/10best 20+ $$$$ I have ever spent
76561198029040554,Recommended,219640,13820941,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Jon Campz,"If you're a fan of first person melee combat, then this is a game for you. The game mechanic is good, players are friendly but I need a Philippine or Asian server that would have below 100 ping to play this fairly."
76561198060030733,Recommended,219640,6148841,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,Le Canadensis,MONGOL
76561198107221153,Not Recommended,219640,13821932,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Amazon Prime Guy,One Reason why i am giving it a bad rateing is because it super Hard to use the console commands if you can help me that would be Great
76561198021142233,Recommended,219640,13822094,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,HIV+,Its really good but compared to mount and blade the combat feels like hitting someone with a pool noodle filled with metal
,Not Recommended,219640,7713360,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Pink boi #2,"Though very beautiful and innovative, the game is completely ruined, where the actual combat has been destroyed by hackers and exploits. The entire blocking mechanic was near-perfection from within the third-fifth months of release, but since then, has been completely and utterly destroyed, where a logical place to hold your weapon means literally nothing, and the combat has went from realism, to quake with swords. 3/10"
,Recommended,219640,8086193,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,MelloMatt,Very fun and time consuming multiplayer experience. 8/10
,Recommended,219640,2435945,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Fox,Awesome game. Even better if you have voice coms with friends
76561198061386530,Recommended,219640,6214893,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Cinderblock,This game is so much fun! Worth every penny
76561198007101562,Recommended,219640,2422277,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,Drenix,"Kickass  bloody medieval game, great controls/ gameplay"
,Recommended,219640,295962,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,KT_Extinction,"Get this if you like cutting other people's limbs and heads off in great swings of your sword. It's so awesome!Deadliest warrior is worth a look too, pitting ancient warriors from different times together. All the classes are much more differentiated than they were in the base game, such as Vikings being able to throw every one of their weapons (even shields!) and Ninjas being able to quickly roll out of danger. However it doesn't have a Team Objective mode so there's only deathmatch type games at the moment.This is still fun, since the way the game is set up you'll have matchups such as ""Pirates vs. Ninjas"" or ""Spartans vs. Everybody"" or ""Pirates vs. Knights vs. Samurai vs. Spartans vs. Ninjas vs. Vikings."" which keeps things interesting.Best melee multiplayer combat game out there!"
,Not Recommended,219640,11521223,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Mr. Avocado,First 2 hours were AWESOME! Then is pathetic and a loop of the same things.
,Recommended,219640,11521311,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Nice Night For A Walk™,"LOVE this game!  Great fun all round, more games should be like this on PC!!"
76561198059109248,Recommended,219640,11521680,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,MrShibblez,"Tis But a Flesh Wound....You have no arms you silly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! LOL thats all I can think of when I play this its the most unique first person game i have played and lets face it Theres nothing more satisfying than lopping someones head off as you yell your battle cry lol mine would be ""SPOOOOOOOOOOOOON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
76561198029770102,Recommended,219640,11521771,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Commando Duck,"He used to be an Agatha knight like me, until he abused my mother and took an arrow to the♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10"
76561198061792522,Recommended,219640,11522041,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Braddy Daddy,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. A.K.A What the Skyrim Combat Should Have Been Like, is a wonderful game and I highly reccommend it."
76561198097423829,Recommended,219640,11522872,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Eleven,Great game if your looking for a challenge. Addicted for the time being.
76561198076892120,Recommended,219640,11523068,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,The Red Glow,"extremeley impressed with what this game offered. A bunch of highly detailed maps with great and realistic combat. Constant decapitations make you realise how gritty and grueley medieval combat really was. I reccomend this with every piece of sense I own, as it has created a constant entertainment simulation for myself, and surley you."
,Recommended,219640,11523549,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,waterbottles,"This game is so fun and since the most recent major update its significantly better in all instances ie, even the main menu looks awesome now"
,Recommended,219640,11524214,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Askari,GOOD
,Not Recommended,219640,11524665,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,belgarion89,"This game tries to be Mount and Blade with better graphics but fails so hard.  All intereactions, even menus, are buggy and sluggish.  Attacks are not varied at all and counterintuitive.  It almost feels like yet another terrible port from a console."
,Not Recommended,219640,11524708,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,T O F U  D R I F T,"Maybe if the devs cared enough to make a game that works, it'd get a good review from me."
76561198093696020,Recommended,219640,11525012,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,CASP3R,get it noooooooooooow
,Recommended,219640,11525279,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,inthisday,"Game is fantastic. Hard to start out with, so a bit of button bashing may take you a fair bit until. players cotton onto this and just own you. But think the greatness that Counter strike is but swap it to Knights!"
,Recommended,219640,11525817,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,GrantyPooh.,Go sling or go home.
76561198022613579,Recommended,219640,11512837,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Doug Dimmadome,Fantastic open world Sci-Fi FPS MMORPG. I especially love how the flea market in the game is based on the flea market of 79'. Reminds me of the time me doug took over Officer Yuzaki's base in Nam'. Good times.
76561198147768851,Recommended,219640,11567605,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,lordkingpuba,"The game is great. I've already know the controls, and the fighting techniques in it. Not only if it has about 1,000+ people playing it right now, It's still a great game.Good thing the game has mods in it, especially for the vanilla version, where you just happen to fight people with your blades and blunts. The mod called ""Lasersword Fighting"" is really fun, you can use the force luke thing."
76561198046707593,Recommended,219640,11569764,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Professor Moe Lester PhD,"I really want to write a funny BS'd review on this game but I feel the need to be serious. It is a really fun game if you're doing good, but it's also really hard and can get extremely frustrating, since many players are just ridiculously good at timing blocks and attacking and all of that fun♥♥♥♥♥♥ But this is by far the best medieval game I have ever played, so I'll give it an 8.5/10."
,Recommended,219640,2675328,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,123,"good overall medieval simulator, would like to see better hack and slash sounds but would reccommend to family and friends. facepaints would also be a plan for a future update as they would excel at providing a better immersive scenario.12/15"
,Recommended,219640,11575725,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Horecray,Decapitated some fella.10/10
76561198148176370,Recommended,219640,11576675,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Sellus,"Really fun mechanics, love the amount of weapons to choose from and have had a suprisingly fun time customizing all my characters, definately recomend!"
,Recommended,219640,14108236,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Big Dick BANDIT,"This game is Crazy. The people that play it are ptetty good, fps HAck and SLash source game. Its fun"
,Recommended,219640,1762909,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,VIG,Best  FPS ever made period
,Recommended,219640,14109383,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Lioot,Think chivalry is just another sword game? Think againGiggling in the corner can throw off your oponent to the point where they don't take you seriously
76561198146109096,Recommended,219640,14102790,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,SAVAGE,"i really like the game but almost every server has bots the people arent even playing it, and it gets either relly hard or super easy because the bots get stuck in the same place or theyll kill you over and over again some how and the servers are slow and laggy its not me thats laggy but the server but it is a delevoping game at least thats what i think oh and i realized it is super easy to hack like become GOD MOD and never die and unlock every wep in just secondes with out any kind of cheat engin"
76561198130055482,Recommended,219640,14102808,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,QweerBeer™,"Fun, Bloody, Addicting and Simple Why not buy it?"
,Recommended,219640,14103730,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Ordinary Guy,This game is a fun game to play and come back too every once in a while. Even better with a group of people> 7.5/10
,Recommended,219640,14103876,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,[SRSLY] TarotNathers,"Plenty of weaponry to swing around, meaty, rewarding hits with interesting mechanics to control the flow of combat, both ranged and up close. Also plenty of sarcastically friendly players to fight with or against. Be warned, there is plenty of salt.9/10"
,Recommended,219640,14103880,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Arthas Menethil,"Really fun game,totally recommended to people that want to take a break from shooters.Really nice ambience and atmosphere, you can feel the heat of the battle as if u were there in reality. Also killing is  fun and exciting :P"
,Recommended,219640,14103948,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Knucklebabies,You will die. A lot. But its okay because seeing your head roll across the battlefield in first person is pretty rad.
,Not Recommended,219640,14104065,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,ArrivalBestMovie,"I bought this game for having fum. For the first 10 hours it was fun. Later I realised this game had nothing to give, and only took my money. Now it advertises free, player created content. I see non. Only the old unusable maps, and the hardly usably workshop items. I have to add those workshop items rarely work again. And now it offers ♥♥♥♥ing skins like they were any good, and the game would deserve them. I see this DLC loving♥♥♥♥♥♥in every game and I grow to get tired of it. I know that I am but one man, but I hope someone will see it. ♥♥♥♥ THIS SHIITTY DLC AND SKIN SYSTEM."
76561198058715980,Recommended,219640,14104678,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,el_diabloi,This game is really awesome... Was worth every dime. Such an underdog. The devs knew how to keep the action going and going. Dont have any negative things to say about this game. Graphics are great. The fighting is awesome. Didnt find any game modes boring. There was always action.  You will be standing on the edge of your chair whenever you play this game.
,Recommended,219640,14267029,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Battlemark,How don't I have more hours on this masterpiece? 10/10 would war cry again.
,Recommended,219640,14270115,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,prank,pretty rad
76561197999487386,Recommended,219640,14270998,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MorbiusIX,"2 teams, lots O' glitches and bugs, bloodshed, AND A LOT OF FUN!"
76561198161366677,Recommended,219640,14364539,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,CS:GO VAC BANNED,Let off some steam by decapitating someone with a sword!GG
76561198015078185,Not Recommended,219640,14372483,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Beaty,"Just like WOT and TF2, and any other game related to this, you put any long ranged infantry with good defence and ranged weapons, they tend to♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone off. No more multiplayer confirmed"
,Recommended,219640,165667,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,elistoned,YEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGHHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,219640,14374143,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kveldulf,A fun game however it could use some bug fixes and a little bit of eveing out between players
,Recommended,219640,14374226,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,"One of the best multiplayer games you will buy.Also, 3rd or 1st person view combat whenever you want it! Always!"
76561198072090871,Recommended,219640,14173601,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Jonathan Joestar,11/10 Like Skyrim with chivalry.
76561198050489768,Recommended,219640,10157312,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,tommi1410,"Totally diferent fps aproach. Great game, played one evening and bought it."
76561198025984178,Recommended,219640,10158005,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Reson,The only bad thing to say is that too much little rascals Fight off your honourful invitation of an duel with bare hands by introducing your head to their blade! Also only a coward interferes in a fight of two! Besides that it's freaking awesome. You bash heads or just run around screaming and kicking testicles.
76561198090072375,Recommended,219640,10160492,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Rich Piana,I think this is a good game but these blocks broken my nerves
76561198043038506,Recommended,219640,10160558,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Excelsior Celsius ॐ,"I think this is the best game of it's kind ,if there are any others like this one.It feels so fleshy .It's good for stress relief.STABBING PEOPLE HAS NEVER BEEN SO FUN BEFORE!!!!!!!!!"
76561198066724027,Recommended,219640,10160973,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Skiller,"This is one of the very few games that can make me rage. I highly reccomend this game it is fun as hell to play with, especially with friends!"
,Recommended,219640,10160978,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,RulingPolecat7,"I've spent way too much time sucking at this game, but I love it. I will say that the expansion (Deadliest Warrior) is terrifically better. So if you get this and like it, then get the expansion."
,Recommended,219640,10161124,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,MountainBranch,"A good multiplayer game that could have benefited from another few weeks of development, fun to play but rough around the edges."
,Recommended,219640,10161311,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,First Mate Morin,"Very great game. A must have for people who like LOTR and Call of Duty, a mix of the two.10/10"
76561198010532086,Recommended,219640,10161920,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Dan_ze_Man,I was Spectating a match and a guy got his head cutoff with a giant axe. If thats not what youre looking for then I envy you.
76561198009251234,Recommended,219640,10162012,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Big Fish,"if you don't already have this, get it! completely worth it"
76561198054687652,Recommended,219640,10162334,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Grizzled,this is an epic game that anyone can play. people who like mideval times would love it.
,Recommended,219640,10162402,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mumbles,Great fun and easy to learn.
76561198086852318,Recommended,219640,10162825,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Tasty City,Holy Crap Man!!! You'd be crazy not to get this game!!!
,Recommended,219640,10162858,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,LegitBaller1712,It's good.But very laggy..... Freezes alot too.You  need a beffy computer....
,Recommended,219640,10163094,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Gibbon,Do you remember Rune?  It's like Rune.Pretty damn fun.
76561198031697588,Recommended,219640,10163286,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Slambojones,"You get to play an FPS where you fight with medieval weapons, how could you not love this game? The combat system feels solid, not buggy at all. This is what a Melee combat FPS should feel like. Game's should learn from this game and incorporate it's mechanics going onward into the future of online gaming combat."
,Recommended,219640,10163420,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Oprah,so gud kut da dik off
76561198041693008,Recommended,219640,10163425,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Techdaimen,Highly! One of the most fun games I have ever played!
,Recommended,219640,10163535,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,ThaiTanium,"If you like 1st person games or sword fighting or roleplay. Play this. For real, not even ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with you. It's like skyrim + Call of duty (Even though CoD franchise sucks)"
,Recommended,219640,10161941,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,P3R$0N??,"its a fun game but when im playing it, it keeps freezing during a game"
,Recommended,219640,15385547,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,AwesomeGuy,"great fight mechanics, heavily skill based, nice setting, fun maps, great mods and dlc too, great game overall"
,Recommended,219640,15358614,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Dano,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIdS7VLJQJsThis video explains my feelings about the game ...
76561198040911277,Recommended,219640,15363020,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Witty&Original,The combat is in my opinion incredibly well done. It takes a bit of skill and getting used to but when you actually manage to kill other players and live to fight on it is incredibly rewarding. It helps a lot to play with a controller but it's not necessary. Defintely worth the money.
76561198093698687,Recommended,219640,15390563,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,McDonald's Happy Meal,Death to the heathen scum.
76561198133503208,Not Recommended,219640,15391550,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,The Sp00ky Skeleton,Dont get me wrong or anything but this game isnt what i thought it would be. If you like medival games please go righ ahead and buy it but unless you really enjoy games like this dont get it. I got this when it was on sale for i think 15$ but i think its not even worth that much to buy. This game should be free to play and well hey ive actually seen a game just like this and it was free to play and they both looked exactly alike. Anywho this game is still fun but i would defintaly not recrommend it.
,Recommended,219640,15393097,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Drex3L,Love this game... old skool feel! Great coombat and u have to love holy grailing someone!!
,Recommended,219640,2149772,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Audacious Ronin,GLOORRRIOOUSS!
,Recommended,219640,15339709,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,10/10 would team kill again
76561198049195768,Recommended,219640,15340043,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,_Cal,"Quality Game First Time I Have Played It And Wrecked Fools Left, Right And Centre"
,Recommended,219640,3219319,"Posted: 24 April, 2013",all,a mysterious naked tribesman,
,Recommended,219640,15340313,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Krydderblanding,"Very good game with a learning curve, you might rage and flame a little in the beginning, ..... and after playing it for a long time. Recommend to set graphics down for better preformance. one of my favorite games.Pros:The game had a huge update were they made all the weapons more balanced, they care for their game.They added visual skins for the game for people who care for that kindof stuff, The skins are taken out of contribitors from the workshop.They also updated all the menus in the game.Gameplay runs very well.Cons:Cost, it cost a bit if you dont really know if you should buy it or not, since its really a hat/love depending on what you like.The skins are a bit expensive. ( but that is a visual option only, and your choice)usuallt alot of rage in the gameAND PLZ NERF VANGUARD."
,Recommended,219640,15341093,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,[WOTN] Wiken,When not playing against people with 200 ping and people who try hard the game so much they do 360 swirls while stabbing you in the face... its a good game!
,Recommended,219640,3137661,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,Haxfromhell,Great little game to put some hours into. Controls are weird at first but you will get used to them in time.
,Recommended,219640,15346773,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,ToastyNexus™,if you like to kill filthy peasants this is the game for you!
,Recommended,219640,15320239,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Evo,very good
,Recommended,219640,12091969,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Gooby,Its like Team Fortres 2 and you can cut off body parts. Honestly one of the best game that I have played.
76561198121597884,Recommended,219640,15330538,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Inco,♥♥♥♥
76561197967871014,Recommended,219640,15331327,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,IT IS GAMES MY DUDES,Killed a teammate on my backswing. He got buttmad. Went 10 and 25 in a match.
76561197963023835,Recommended,219640,136935,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Zoot,Hack & slash !
76561198020345139,Recommended,219640,3295851,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,VvULFIE,Cuz cutting down heads and limbs is funny!
,Recommended,219640,12098544,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ScotsMan,HELP does not work for me
,Recommended,219640,12100091,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Häirikkö,Way too many archers in my team /  10
,Recommended,219640,8308357,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,snellejelle99,awesome game but with a few bugs
,Recommended,219640,2224728,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,Siloneeded,Pretend you are a Beyblade and spin to win.
,Recommended,219640,12156124,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Mute,"Takes a while to git gud, but once you get the hang of all the classes Chivalry is really fun and addicting. Pretty well balanced although I'm not fond of archers headshotting me from halfway across the mapCombat is brutal and hilarious10/10 would decapitate someone with my fists again"
76561198025335612,Recommended,219640,12156269,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,oBsEoliN,Because who wouldn't want to amputate some limbs with a battle axe?
76561198039717391,Recommended,219640,4607254,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,PhillKill,Ein echt hammer game für zwischen durch
,Recommended,219640,12158963,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Bell -DI,Nice graphics and funny gameplay although characters are slow in everything. Difficult to learn the combat system because it's hard to understand the distance between you and the enemy therefore swords range easily fail.Can level fairly easly and the game can give nice times as frustating ones :P
,Recommended,219640,12168930,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,die_lahn,"I bought this game two years ago amd couldn't play it becasue I was rocking an Nvidia Geforce 210, but now I can, and I like it a lot."
,Recommended,219640,12173102,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,WOKE BOI,"Chivalry...Chivalry...The game is great, pure beauty. The gore and blood in the game just gives it that extra push of amazing. There is one aspect of this game that annoys me and annoys me...But to be fair, it isnt torn banners fault, the goddamn community of chivalry, they will teamkill, kick you off ledges, shoot you when you are about to stab a enemy. You get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at it at the first few hours of gameplay..But then you realise I WILL TEAMKILL TOO F*CK THESE GUYS! And then you are either kicked or banned from a server you loved....Chivalry my friends...chivalry...(Ps getting banned isnt a good thing..or a banned thing depending on your mood)"
76561198061204118,Recommended,219640,12175311,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,(T.L.A.S) Demon Striker,this was a game  that helped me with my bordem i am not a parent but if parents think this game is too gory then dont let your child play yes it is gory but not extreme
,Recommended,219640,12068458,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,MrMackeyMKayyy,Really fun game to play with your friends. The controls are a tad clunky but you get used to it after a little bit of gaming. I would say this is a must buy game if you have a group of friends to play this with especially with all of its mod support with custom gamemodes.
,Recommended,219640,12072044,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,TheBarnet,I Hit a man with an axe so hard his head exploded 11/10
76561198065849672,Recommended,219640,12037195,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Anttos,"Brutallity, violence and blood. If you like sword and people screaming its for you."
,Recommended,219640,12074917,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,combatdingo,"good game apart from the lagging issues, needs to have a lag system put in place nothing more irritating than someone rubberbanding all over the place then dying"
,Recommended,219640,12076433,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,NoTimeLeft,Awesome game :D
,Recommended,219640,12078585,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Bunnings sausage sizzle,fun game but theres no way for me to 720 no scope anyone. 7/10 would be 10 if you include some snipers in your next update.don't hate and donate.
76561198040443952,Recommended,219640,4658140,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,MARIOtheMINOTAUR,"This is a very fun multiplayer-only game! The controls may take some getting used to, but once you get the hang of it, this is an awesome first-person medieval fighting game with a lot of hours of fun to get out of it!"
76561198029367967,Recommended,219640,12220300,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Make Communism Great Again,You ever get so mad at a game and you feel like beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of something...this game is for you.
76561197995735980,Recommended,219640,1640504,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,¤MonK¤ Werwolf,This game has a steap learning curve but it is THE BEST MELEE GAME EVER! So give it a fair shot.
,Recommended,219640,11292215,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Sector Z,"Chivalry's a great game the first 5 hours. But, Once the lack of a campaign kicks in interest starts to decline. I think if the price were lowered, it'd be worth it."
76561198051048575,Recommended,219640,11379165,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Pacheckers,This game becomes so addicting after you get the hang of it. It sucks you in you don't care about the story of the game just how many kills you can rack up and level and it's those moments when you get into a 1v1 fight and you win that you realize how rewarding this game really is so I would buy it twice if I could.
,Recommended,219640,11382402,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Herr Franz (!),"Gave me PTSD, 10/10."
,Recommended,219640,11382852,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,leoskY,ASasASasASasASasASasAaaasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasd
76561198037855609,Recommended,219640,11382875,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,King of Bears,"Brutal combat, difficult learning curve, and graphics that, given the power of your machine, will blow you away. No expensive cut scenes, no incredibly heavy plot, just a tight controlling medieval combat fpss (first person sword swinger.) Classes are balanced and all posses suprisingly unique personalities, giving the game an interesting breath of life. Combat is sharp and mostly fair, with no truly game breaking bugs worth noting. Shields and blocking can be dodgy at times, which is to be expected in a game more focused on hacking the other player's limbs off than defending your self from npc arrow barrages. Chivalry medieval warfare is one of the best the fpss genera has to offer.have fun slashing and dont forget to press C."
76561198049496960,Recommended,219640,11384422,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,[DEFN] Sentinel,"Team-based PvP game, very fun and addicting. Play it. I really recommend it."
76561198011798933,Recommended,219640,11406540,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Phil Ciborowski,"Bloody, good, fun. Thats it in a nutshell.  Not a perfectly polished game like some others, but you get sucked in to just how fun it is to play.  That alone makes it worth it!"
76561198117130724,Recommended,219640,11406708,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,SeCtorGain,"This game is pure epic ride:DIf u like Medieval age and good fight.,this is just game for you:D ! 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,11407348,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,☆ Yaya ☆,"Probably one of the best PvP arena i have ever played. The mechanics of combat are AWESOME, you can do stylish movements while battling againts two or three foes. Lots of weapons and many game modes. It's hard to learn to play correctly, luckily the community is very cool and give us guides of each class/weapons."
76561198120379883,Recommended,219640,9265604,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,ErectionProtection,"I haven't seen a game perfect such an aspect like this, it is truly incredible, the map designs are truly vast and the gameplay mechanics are pretty cool. Definetly make sure this is on your list to buy."
,Recommended,219640,11442292,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Trekker,"So dope!  Why hasn't this been thought of before, especially with all of the community content available!?"
76561198044949977,Recommended,219640,11443750,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,equifax,"was 5/10 when I bought it, 8/10 now, they really improved the look and performance of the games with updatesstill hard as ♥♥♥♥ though"
,Not Recommended,219640,11448346,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Mezu5,"Please DON'T buy unless you really, really want it, because the developers don't deserve it. The game is dominated by glitches and yet they release DLC for it... Also, the netcode is a laugh, so you will propably only have a good experience on local servers where everyone has about the same ping - 8 ping difference is enough to make your game hell."
76561198026625485,Recommended,219640,11011695,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Corvix,Yell at your enemies. Yell at your allies. JUST KEEP YELLING!!!!
,Recommended,219640,11012581,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,tahm,"I laughed, I cried, I cursed at people throwing javelins.If you ever felt Fistful of Frags or TF2 could use more swords, this game is for you. There's an extremely high skill ceiling involved, but the game never stops being satisfying. (You'll be hooked the moment you take some poor sod's head off with your bigass sword)My only gripes are how clunky aiming is for ranged weapons (it feels like they aim on ""notches"", if that makes any sense), and how erm, unbalanced the javelin is in the game's current state. However, the game is currently developing (as has become the norm in the PC gaming industry), and I feel these two issues can be fixed easily by the developers.Overall, I give it 8 AAAGGHHHHHH's out of 10.P.S. Zweihander is life, Zweihander is love."
,Recommended,219640,1617357,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,"Chickenstrip, you so crazy","BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME! Terrific combat with tons of depth, superb audio, and lots of gore. Also, SUPPORT INDIE DEVELOPERS! I want more good games like this, not rehash of duty: 17"
76561198079460790,Recommended,219640,11014395,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ALazyBanana,Chivalry: Medieval Archers
,Not Recommended,219640,15400160,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Infinite(Cunter Hunter),"Unless you believe archers ran around with knives killing trained knights then this is the game for you. Think you're good at first person video games? think again because this game makes about as much sense as a monkey making a drug deal. Why didn't medieval armies just recruit archers? because they're not to meant to ♥♥♥♥ing murder your knights with ♥♥♥♥ing daggers, hope this game dies already."
76561198167408179,Recommended,219640,15400761,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Sir Banana,I LOVE FARCRY 3 SO MUCH. oh this is that knight game. I LOVE CHIVALRY SO MUCH. i swear im not getting paid to make these reviews
,Not Recommended,219640,15402059,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,wraptile,Linux client doesn't even work properly (after being out for months) and ridiculously priced cosmetics for b2p game.
,Recommended,219640,15422357,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chunk Stuffer,yes
76561198042027161,Recommended,219640,15424434,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,CommandoBambi,"Make sure to scumbag archer and you'll win.""For The Orderrrrrr!"""
,Recommended,219640,6502152,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Zaddy,Amazingly fun game! Hillarious sword fights and exciting duels w/ friends. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,15412183,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Ness,Screamo goodness.
76561197975307155,Recommended,219640,15406917,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Masterbagger,Oddly addictive. High skill curve.
,Recommended,219640,1507121,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Gandhi,This combined with mount and blade are my 2 favorite medieval games.  It's an action medieval games with unlockable stuff. The fighting is really nice and it's really skill based and not spam based. Great game.
76561198120710146,Recommended,219640,15173837,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Traceon,Amazing game
76561198103394373,Recommended,219640,15177665,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Felldrake,"A great game if you can get past all the team killing morons, whiney♥♥♥♥♥holes who ♥♥♥♥♥ about every thing whenever they get killes, and obnoxious♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that team up in Free for All and vote kick everyone that kills them because they dont understand the basics of the block mechanic. And dont even get me started on the LMB spammers. Simply put a great game with a terrible low level community and snobish high level players. If you meet nice people when you play try to friend them so that you can play with people who are not total jerks. As for the game itself, combat is brilliant, if not a bit wonky from time to time, and the hit boxes are spot on. Graphics are great and can be taken down so low that most low level PCs can still run at 60fps. The gore is a ton of fun, the coive acting is passable and usually very funny, and the official maps tend to be well made and balanced. Grab your friends (YOUR GOING TO NEED THEM) and start hacking limbs off. After all, Chivalry is not dead, but with a bad team you probably will be."
76561198077763869,Recommended,219640,15134102,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tien10,"Definately a game where you can not just buy your way to the top, I would reccomend it to anyone who has the time to play it."
76561198080377570,Recommended,219640,15135163,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Heathen,"Punched in face, head exploded.11/10"
76561198134820506,Not Recommended,219640,15135329,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Curious George,"NO!!!!!!!!!!      I have played this game to level 18. This game ""stutters"" when i play it and it chatters around a 100 time more than counter strike ever did.   Another thing that infuriates me is when i do a running jump overhead strike on a archer dead on and it doesn't kill him, yet with one little stab of the knife he kills my fully healthy vanguard???????? WTF!!!!! I have come to the conclution that servers are biased for guild members and those who pay$$$$$ to upgrade ther caracters. ♥♥♥♥ THAT, i already paid for this lame game. as a game of thrones fan who also read the books i really wanted to like this game. Its now obvious that it is full of messed up baises."
76561198138888318,Recommended,219640,15140511,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,darkool,cod with swords...
,Recommended,219640,15184408,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Vathorst,"I'm sort of mixed here, I like the game but the downside is the ranking system.I am now higher than level 15 so I cannot go into 0-15 level servers which kind of made it impossible to learn the game.Very hard to master, requires patience."
76561198011484192,Not Recommended,219640,14730233,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,[SF] Jaydo,"Just did not have much fun with it. This is your Counter-Strike with swords and bows...except bows are useless...and I am actually not the worst at Counter-Strike. Does not feel smooth. Again, feels like a gamy FPS.Graphically, some things look better than others.Also, you have to buy the game twice: one time to buy the game itself and the second time if you want more than just the default helmet. I thought there would be way more customization than there was.I can't say it is a bad game, but there is not a lot here and after only a few rounds I am already sort of done with it. Maybe later it will improve?"
76561198074608180,Recommended,219640,15147146,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sir Hamster knightinton,swag
,Recommended,219640,15147627,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Soarel,"Chivalry is one of those games which you absolutely cannot take seriously. Its entire conceit of being a swordfighting game with FPS controls is utterly ridiculous but it somehow just...works.Lots of exploits in the meta though, like feinting. Reccomend highly anyway."
76561198076944772,Recommended,219640,15295958,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,jvk27,"This game is GREAt fun but not to be taken seriously. I had a blast playing this and got pretty good with a few weapons (the sling is my favorite) that being said... it's buggy and has lots of exploits that better players will master. Until they fix this its not worth mastering in my opinion. However I do recommend it, have fun getting your face smashed!"
,Recommended,219640,1582700,"Posted: 13 November, 2012",all,"'Garf "" BMonth "" field910",Some of the best melee combat I've seen in a game (there is also an archer class).  If you've ever wanted to be a medieval soldier this is your game.
,Recommended,219640,7517045,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Azgoth,Utter genius in gaming form!! The laughs you will have from this game are countless.And honestly there is nothing like performing a war cry as you charge head first into the enemy team. I paid maybe £3.50 in a sale for this game but would have easily paid 5 times that for a game like this.Brilliant to play with your friends.Its simple control system and witty game play cannot be beaten. Would recommend to all who enjoy multiplayer games. 9/10
76561198051432711,Recommended,219640,8546760,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Cobenop,"Can be the most annoying game to play ever, but on the other hand it is hours and hours of laughs, fun, and chopping peoples heads off, what more can you ask?"
76561197979963843,Recommended,219640,843361,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,[OPFPR]Kronos,Just as if I was a warrior then... I would not have a clue if I just hacked off my enemies head or maimed my fellow knight... Games a lot of fun.. I look for 2 people trying to duel and make a B line for em with my warhammer swinging... knowing im either gunna TK or smash my enemy. Games pure chaos!
,Recommended,219640,7373315,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Ovenman,LMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMBLMB - All Vanguards ever.
,Recommended,219640,4399551,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,XXmaxZZ,Wanna do brutal damge and cause all out carnage! You've come to the right place.
76561198047378703,Recommended,219640,5282472,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Patacrepe,Awesome
,Recommended,219640,9827389,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Grim,"""THE ORDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH""10/10"
76561198071700458,Recommended,219640,9828642,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Dr Detonator,"Although it takes time, this game turns out to be very easy to get use to and you get the chance to lop off someone's head or shoot a crossbow bolt through their body."
76561198120615747,Recommended,219640,9829415,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Autistic_ITachI,Its gory/EPIC!!!
,Recommended,219640,8814106,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Now's My Chance!™,"Pure melee and archery PVP, medieval style! I decapitated two guys with a swing of my sword, and then lobbed another dude's arm off, before getting my own throat slashed... then respawned, and did it all over again!11/10, would slay again"
76561198010967160,Recommended,219640,9830736,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Sir Mortem,"One of my favourite games of all time, whenever i want to stick it out in a medieval world but dont want the point and click and then num keys for swinging swords in mmorpgs i come to this. Rank does mean skill unless the person stops playing for quite awhile and comes back. this game really does require skill and a bit of luck. like if your dueling someone your skill will determine if you win or lose, yeah you could get a few lucky blows in however the luck really comes in where if your dueling someone on a battlefield and whether or not someone comes from behind you and arrow to the knee's you.  all in all 9/10 great game."
76561198064203676,Recommended,219640,9830803,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Ganjucha,"It's lots of fun, all I can say"
76561198071856828,Recommended,219640,9830833,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,-Drako-,i love this game but most of time i dnt have a head as some guy chops of with a big♥♥♥♥♥axe :D
76561198017850903,Recommended,219640,9703644,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,death.o.malley,"I poked a guy in the face with my mace and his head exploded. 10/10In all seriousness, this is definitely one of my favorite PC games."
76561198077907369,Recommended,219640,9705927,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,FSG.Groot,"Great game, Always gets better each game, Weapons are realtistic and fights are fun and amazing rate 8/10"
,Recommended,219640,9708293,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Enzime,"Tones of fun ! Feels like a retro elder scrolls game with actual gorea shame the maps are limited, imagine if this game was open world with a level/skill system !!however its just arena slaying, but the game is good at it !"
,Recommended,219640,11390598,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,OstKingeN,Best fighting ever
,Not Recommended,219640,11390678,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Slayer Stevie,"Full of so many bugs that the game won't even launch.... there are no fixes by the developer its all solved by googling stuff for hours on end.... I've had 3 different problems related to launching the game, managed to solve two and get the launcher to open but the game still doesnt launch via the launcher... running the exe file manually does launch the game in a windowed mode though, but then the tutorial was bugged!Trust me, if your on 64 bit Windows, steer well clear.Also if you're not an expert on computers, or used to using google to solve software related problems with computers then steer well clear too!!In conclusion, it's not worth the hassle!! save yourself the time and buy a game which actually works, this is more like a lesson in problem solving software bugs!"
,Recommended,219640,7429715,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Panzer Magier,"For Glory!Chivalry brings forth a skill element to the fine art of warfare and swordsmanship. It is primarly focused on multiplayer so make sure to get your friends to play with. Fancy a broadsword? A mace? Perhaps a warhammer? No? Well Chivalry has a wide selection of pikes, spears, throwing axes, bows, crossbows and knives... Quite the arsenal at your disposal to conduct the bloody and glorious symphony of war! Out smart your opponent or pummel him down with brute force, the choice is your's.I cannot overstate how brilliant the combat mechanics are designed, multiple angles of attacks, parries, feints even ducking and jumping requires a fair amount of skill to use effectively. But that's not all that is amazing, Chivalry contains many mode based ""scenarios"". Dueling modes, fortress siege... It's all there.So if you'd like to feel what it's like rushing into a battlefield, the sound of charging footfalls, the battlecries of warriors and the clash of steel all around you; Chivalry: Medieval Warfare will give you the closest possible simulation of just that."
,Recommended,219640,3522171,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Undead Kitty 🎃,You will lose your head other it~
,Recommended,219640,497486,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,ImaBlackBelt,Everyone buy this so I can hit you with axes
,Not Recommended,219640,11143318,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,General Dts,"Good for a beta. Oh, it's not a beta though so wait awhile. Wish I had my money back."
76561198042342193,Recommended,219640,11300542,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Scared Guard Man,I like to play as the vanguard and punch people in the face. It's really fun to see heads pop. That's about all the enjoyment I get from this.
,Recommended,219640,1220086,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,prospeezy,shank city!
,Recommended,219640,11393789,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Mr.Bojangles,Fun game that mixes medevil times with a fps experience. Great Job
,Recommended,219640,11396432,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,optix,this game is delicious
,Recommended,219640,11397208,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,champion de foot,"Believe it or not, it's quite hard to be good at Chivalry, you can often be against opponents who really know what they are doing, be nonetheless, it's so fun and enjoying.The price is a bit high IMO, but definitely worth it."
,Not Recommended,219640,11397811,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Cheg,Steam stop updating this game every other day how many glitches can one game have this game updates more than update: the gaem like pls stahp it just     wingles me wangle beyond beliefef
76561197995246164,Recommended,219640,11398541,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Garbard,Remember the Black Knight scene from Monty Python?...it's just like that.
,Recommended,219640,11398860,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Badjuju,Get stabby!
,Recommended,219640,11399978,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,SymptumX,"This game is truly a gem.  From the combat system to the hilarious shoutouts/taunts it's hard to not love chivalry.  Just don't expect seriousness because this game is far from serious. That is the main reason I play chivalry, because it is so ridiculous.  Had some great moments playing this game definetly reccomend getting it and playing with friends"
,Recommended,219640,11424006,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Dragula,"A guilty pleasure, sometimes annoying but always worthwhile. Best online fps-style hack n' slasher."
,Recommended,219640,11429678,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,ReeceyBoy,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a pretty fun game. I've only put a couple of hours in and so far it's fairly enjoyable. Combat is fun and I really like the close combat as a change from the usual FPS multiplayer. You are constantly learning new techniques with each class and each weapon unlocked along the way. One disappointment is that majority of servers are US or EU, so it can be kinda laggy for an Australian player. Also, so far the levelling system is a bit of a mystery, as I having really found anywhere to go to find any ranking or experience points info. Maybe I just haven't found it yet, which in that case it should have been a bit easier to find. Overall, Chivalry is a unique and fun multiplayer which I have found fairly enjoyable and look forward to playing more of."
76561198045769734,Not Recommended,219640,11430193,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,madddoggydog,game still has alot of work too be done to it. multiplayer is bad hope they fix it
,Recommended,219640,10765723,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Subject to change™,it does not wooooooooooooork ;(
,Recommended,219640,8081965,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,LakuPope,The best medieval melee-combat simulator ever.
,Not Recommended,219640,2111028,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,LocustStar,"At one point in time I really dug this game, then things just kinda went down hill from there.It felt like any time the game got patched something actually went wrong with the mechanics or the balance. I'm good at this game, which at one point felt like something to be proud of, but the amount of glitching and exploiting that goes into being ""good"" at this game is absurd and makes the game a whole lot less fun.The devs have seemingly embraced the exploits and tout them as a ""feature"" now so the game feels like a place where exploiters will exploit against n00bs and chortle to themselves at how 1337 they are. The fun kind of got sucked out of the game somewhere along the way, which is unfortunate. The core and concept of the game is still great; be the Call of Duty to Warband's Battlefield.Stick to Warband for medieval combat for deep, rich gameplay and a solid community."
,Not Recommended,219640,16363420,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Monkey King,"I have to admit, while playing through this game I had a fair ammount of fun...Sadly, these often came with a price. A price which came in the form of broken hit detection, people spamming in chat, constant server kicking and lag for no reason and annoying objectives. These things that may seem minor ruined my experience of this game, and I really have no desire to play it again. Anyway, let me just sort out the pros and cons for you guys instead:PROS:-Fun combat-Nice bit of customization for weapons and clothes-Decapitation is oh so satisfying!-Nice server ideas, like Duels (1v1ing), Team objective (where you kill peasants in villages, and use a battering ram to crack open the castle doors to KILL A KING!), Etc.CONS:-Often broken hit detection that ends up with people killing you from 10 feet away-Some if not a lot of customization you have to pay for, which can be silly considering the price tag of the game itself-Knights and Vanguards are everywhere in servers, only once did I see a Man of War and a couple Archers. In other words, the classes are poorly designed and Vanguard is OP-Lots of servers are a lag fest because of the designers lack of interest in fixing their game-Some weapons are very OP like the classes-The characters are SO DAMN SLOW. Even with the Man of War I felt like I was carrying some sort of heavy bag on my back when walking.-Daggers are pretty much useless, and are outclassed by every other weapon in the game.TL;DR save your money till this game goes on sale or if it's a free weekend like I did. Otherwise, you're sadly wasting your money on a game that is partly broken."
,Recommended,219640,16363735,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,JoshB,Great game and great fun with friends! Hit C while sprinting for maximum manliness
76561198044730431,Recommended,219640,16364079,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Shmebulock,"Great idea for game and realisetion good, but need european server on CIS"
76561198140108290,Recommended,219640,16364256,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CJ,"For how childish this game looks, it actually has the best melee combat mechanics I have ever played/seen. I urge you to get this game, or at least check it out. I know this game is not for everyone, but it allows for hours of fun. You can choose your playstyle with the different weapons and classes, and customize your character quite a lot. It doesn't take very long to learn, and there are multiple ways to play the game."
76561198142711436,Recommended,219640,16364281,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,RustlingSoul,"This game is insanely fun, even with it being only multiplayer. Best first person medieval game I've played."
,Not Recommended,219640,16364459,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,face,"I gave it my best hour, but alas I could not keep interest"
76561198006824521,Recommended,219640,16364552,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,=D= Ancient,"Excellent game, worth every blood soaked penny covered in plate ha har!!!"
,Recommended,219640,16364790,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,partybenson,FOR AGATHA
76561198167601130,Recommended,219640,16365077,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Creamufsumyunguy,this game is fun as hell sure its a little dated but since its constantly on sale its a win win. Buy it now for $2.49 thats a steal i got it for 5 bucks and still dont regret it.
,Not Recommended,219640,13535262,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,megaleozer,"Devs are acting like their game was free with all these custom helms & weapons. But actually, this game is not free."
,Recommended,219640,16365860,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mrgigs25,"I wont say its bad, but Im not going to say its the best midevel combat game out there.1st off I wont connect online to this game for some resion, but im not ganna blame the game. this seems more like a personal issue2nd when i do get in the game you can pick of 3 classes(Im not including the DLC) but it is fun toplay all honesty but when you compare it to Mount and Blade, one is a true winner. and that is Mount and Blade.If we compare the Nap. Wars DLC on M&B VS Chivalrys Deadlliest warriors DLC. there is once again a true winner and that is Mount & Blade. this game doesnt capture the action that M&B captures. But if you have played M&B befor your tried Chibalry you will know what im talking about :)its not bad but still you know witch one i rather play"
76561197983668340,Recommended,219640,16366185,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Fata1Err0r,"What do I even need to say about this game? Medieval? Making heads roll? Chopping off limbs? Such a hero that it's okay if you slaughter your own team just to kill that one guy? Yea, it's all of those things. Buy it."
76561198169307407,Recommended,219640,16366343,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Zach7893,"Chivalry was one of the first games I ever got on Steam. In the beginning, I found this game to be tons of fun and suprisingly realistic. I usually got matched with people of equal skill and all was good. However, as time went on, the game became much more inblalanced as far as matchmaking and enjoyment. Never play free for all if you wish to keep you sanity. All in all, its still a good game but not as good as it used to be."
76561197986552323,Recommended,219640,10806871,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Snermalton,I bought this game some time last year and have already logged in more hours than any other game I've played on Steam!  This game is so fun and at times hilarious!  Definitely one of the BEST Steam purchases I've made.Edit: Bought this game at full-price - would do it again.
,Recommended,219640,16367198,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Victrofficial,This game is good.
,Recommended,219640,16367241,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Alexaroth,"Great game, PUT DOWN THE ORDER!"
,Recommended,219640,16367246,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Herman The Hermit,FOR THE GLORY OF AGATHA!
76561198023065456,Recommended,219640,16368373,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Valta,"Action packed, hectic multiplayer medieval combat. Many a hilarious and glorious moment to be had."
76561198159521945,Recommended,219640,16368529,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,M_steel,"This game is amazing! i tired the that like, 4 day trial, and it was amazing! it was never boring, constant action and tonnes of weapons, i never had so much fun before with medival games, this game is amazing and action packed, i recommend this game!"
,Recommended,219640,6112039,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Tajine,It is so freaking awesome :D
,Recommended,219640,6632536,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,D1rtyH4rry,If you want peace Prepair for war!!!This game is too fun!!
,Recommended,219640,11274300,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,TTB | TheHeebyJebus,10/10Definitely worth your money but make sure you have a powerful computer to run it.
,Recommended,219640,6352173,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,Gobbelyn,its Like Skyrim and counter strike had a baby!!!! :D
,Recommended,219640,11277900,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,:Rusty Nipples,This game is the coolest game ever! i like how you can throw rocks!
,Recommended,219640,1076848,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,DarkOmen,Bad♥♥♥♥♥game! Get it!
76561198126897319,Recommended,219640,11095133,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,BL4CK P3R50N,♥♥♥♥♥AS ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,916619,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,Shawn™,Some of the most fun I've ever had in a game.  The combat is simple but manages to keep from becoming stale.  Hilarious battlecries and death rattles top it off nicely.
76561198003324019,Recommended,219640,11072630,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Bastian,Crazy fun.  There's nothing like a bunch of people with weapons running around screaming.
76561198091231719,Not Recommended,219640,11072897,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,elitemyass,not respopnding
76561198015935341,Recommended,219640,3014229,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,wa11ace,"If you liked ""mount and blade"" or ""war of the roses"", then you may just love ""Chivalry: Medieval Warfare""..... You can use the seige equiptment or just lay into them with your gear.  The game can make use of a controller or you can go with keys. I key and mouse it and i'm having a blast.  See you at the breech!"
,Not Recommended,219640,11073929,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,tore-,this sucked
76561198044121048,Recommended,219640,11074126,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Perennial,"If you have ever played any of the mount and blade multiplayer and enjoyed it, you need to get this game!"
76561198079475389,Not Recommended,219640,11075789,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Bolbi Stroganovsky,0/10 no AI fish
76561198067649738,Recommended,219640,11077591,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,soda pressed,"""skyrim with guns"" if you like swords and stabbing people then buy 9/10"
76561198028853379,Recommended,219640,3904780,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Bakaushi,"yes, get this ish"
76561198072309188,Recommended,219640,14408912,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Bioniclepete,"The game will be an enjoyable mosh pit until you reach rank 16 where you no longer can battle in low-rank servers. After that, you are going to have a very steep learning curve to climb. Trust me though, it is very worth it in the end once you finally start kicking♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,16251757,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,AwolR,Game is awesome! RECOMMEND
,Recommended,219640,16110175,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ginsengK,"I love this game. This is not a hack and slash game like Skyrim sword play, it is a full combat system where skill is important. You need to keep an eye on the location of the foe's weapon in order to block or parry it. You can attack from the side, top, or thrust forward. When you attack from the side you can do a back hand attack. All these movements use stamina and if you run low you cannot block or parry.There are many weapons to use, my favorite so far is the quarterstaff which I am not good at using and the hammer. I still have lots to learn, but I am having lots of fun to do it. I enjoy the team maps, but you have to be real careful not to kill your friend waving your sword around. They also have a duel option where you can practice your skills 1 on 1."
,Recommended,219640,16257736,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Pandawa Lima,Heavy Server
,Recommended,219640,696137,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Devo,"Here's an excellent, dumb discourse."
,Recommended,219640,16243925,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Nutter Butter,Overall the game is great! It has the best sword combat I have ever seen in a game and with pretty epic battles. I really do not understand why people give this game a thumbs down.-ProsGreat combatLots of different weapons4 unique classesGreat graphicsTons of mapsBlood and gore like I never seenMod Support-ConsSome glitches but not manyMicro-transactions but only for cosmetics
,Recommended,219640,7326822,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Heath,"Great game, video game combat reimagined in a beautiful, heart melting, eye popping, mind twisting way."
,Recommended,219640,16244996,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ape,"Tl;DR - Yes you should buy this game.Summary:Overall one of the best action/Hack and Slash games to exist.Gameplay - 10/10 - Various amounts of gamemodes keep the game interesting. Slicing away at people in duels is extremely fun and well put together.Graphics - 9/10 - While it may be a bit gory for some, the game is graphically pleasing. The shading, textures, weapons, gore, maps, and everything else looks very nice.Sound - 10/10 - From slashes to screaming, everything fits perfectly and doesn't sound compressed or crushed.Mechanics - 10/10 - It really feels nice to swing your sword, hit an opponent, dodge, block, and use your various different ways of attacking. The hitboxes are spot on as well.Community - 10/10 - I haven't seen a single cancerous comment yet. +1Ease of Play - 7/10 - While the game offers a variety of classes, it is hard to get down to advance tactics against other players who may or may not be better than you. The class you choose does reflect on how you play.Conclusion:I love Chivalry, it's different than other medieval fighting games. Each class is balanced nicely; Not one class feels unbalanced or too weak. Everything about this game is perfectly put together in one single experience. I haven't experienced a fighting/action game this good in a while."
,Recommended,219640,16246116,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Turtysquirty,a fun online game with a few moments of treason when a gate wont open.but overall it is a fun multiplayer game where some people get a third team but really a good game i reccomend it.
,Recommended,219640,10851968,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,The Bear of Bad News,"Great for both casual gameplay and diehard daily deathsprees. This is a new genre of its own -- MP FPS/3PS melee.Deadliest Warrior was an AWESOME creation by the devs. For some reason people like the original better (I don't understand that at all).Will buy Chivalry 2 the moment it's announced, even though I play other games a lot more."
76561198008532044,Recommended,219640,16249495,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Vanstrom,"Very, very fun and immersive. This game can hold 100 player fights and consistently hold your attention. I played for 16 hours during free week end and forgot to buy, and I keep regretting it! If you can get it on sale, it is absolutely worth owning."
,Recommended,219640,16236393,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Vess,rly nice
,Recommended,219640,16236538,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,SepNoSia,"In the simplest way, this game is pure skills. No payable item that can help you become OP, not like some other FPS/TPS game. A bloodbath game that seriously can spark your inner beast to be the best and slaughter people like lamb if you have good skills, it even has a good way to train teamwork as well as having lots of fun by seeing weird way of people reacting to Team Kill in chat and seeing many new behavior in the game. Definitely recommended for those who likes close range brawl with total war in chaos !"
,Recommended,219640,16239009,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Illcannabill,"Great Game, brings a new life to FPS... who whould have thought beating some one with a staff would be so much fun, good selection of weapons and customization. would be nice if they would improve on the distance system and maby add a  optimal range indicator... very hard to judge the distance when blocking and attacking, however practice does make perfect... and this game requires lots of practice.In the end a great buy on sale or at full price."
,Recommended,219640,15559751,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Mouthwatering Decisions,decapitation. must I say more
,Recommended,219640,15561772,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,PerkyPeer,This Game is my life at points
76561198102715311,Recommended,219640,15567694,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ruairi,Beast game. 10/10 would buy again.
,Not Recommended,219640,9436518,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Sam Hyde,It's still pretty broken. It's really clunky and cannot at all be taken seriously. I really wish someone would make a solid pvp melee game.It falls short.
,Not Recommended,219640,11026524,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Emcee Rhysistance,"Lags so much and when it not lagging it's busy crashing, really disapointed as used to be good game on my older computer."
,Recommended,219640,11027861,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Pep,HACK 'N SLASH LIKE NEVER BEFORE.
76561198073500326,Recommended,219640,11039288,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Bashar al-Assad,This game is really fun and has a great community of modders and the makers that work together to make great content.
,Not Recommended,219640,11039875,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Rulon Oboev,"One of the worst games I've ever played. Controls are really stupid and classes totally unbalanced. Game modes mostly around 3 or 6 teams last stand, which is also far from any fair play. Heavy armor is completely OP atm. All the fights evolve around getting into 2+v1 and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the single guy.0/10I wish I could get refund back..."
76561198008128122,Recommended,219640,11040102,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,FN Freedom,I survived 5 stabbings but died when I dipped my foot in water10/10
,Recommended,219640,11041956,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Savage Pete,"Excellent concept!Pitting 6 classes of warriors and raiders against each other; Viking, Ninja, Samurai, Knight, Spartan, and Pirate, this game is such a great idea and fun to play whether in a team or alone.Each class has a personal set of achievable player titles, weapons, cosmetics, and more which are related to the culture of the class played. The maps large enough to eliminate any monotony and they match the culture and society involved with the correlating class.Good game mechanics. Though the game might be laggy for some systems after the initial download. If you have this problem, the video ""How To Make Chivarly Medevial Warfare Not Lag"" from Youtube should help you fix the problem quickly.A negative criticism would be that there are a few inconsistencies. An example is that two of the weapons of the Viking class are mixed up. The two weapons are the Skeggox and the Dane Axe. The Skeggox is also known as a ""bearded axe,"" which has a longer heel for the axehead and a shorter handle. The Dane Axe has a longer handle (often 5-6 feet in length).Also, when browsing the server options on the game, many of the ""Players"" slots will are incorrect (i.e. the slot will show a server is full but when you enter, the number of player slots listed is incorrect. Basically, regardless of the number of players it shows for each server, you should try to connect because it might be in correct.Overall, I give the game an 8 out of 10 rating."
,Recommended,219640,11042004,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,sybot,"The mad world of Chivalry created by the twisted imagination of a small child laying asleep in a field of daisies, meanwhile your smashing the skulls of your enemies as you fight on the fields of battle against your sworn enemy theMasonsorAgathadepending on who you are, anyway back to the point, you know your trigger finger is itching to click thatBUYbutton and fight!"
76561198057070263,Recommended,219640,6005883,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,LA Sloth,FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRR AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,219640,11066067,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Luke,"Really good, awesome graphics! wouldn't reccomend this for children because of the graphics x("
,Recommended,219640,11066140,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,DarkEgg,tried it but i like mount & blade more
,Recommended,219640,11066256,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,THE JUDGE,"Medieval game, just fun :)"
,Recommended,219640,11067992,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Apcos,♥♥♥♥♥ crazy
76561198003088082,Recommended,219640,11069163,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Gimmicky,"The gameplay itself is fun. If you just want to hack heads off while the person is on fire Chivalry has that. Progression it dosent, you will level but it will still be stuck on level 5."
,Recommended,219640,87628,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Teldo,"Do you love gaming? Do you love hitting stuff with an axe or a very long sword? Well, Chivalry is the way to go. Beware of the bad servers this game has, it can be hard to get in a game, but once you ARE in, you are going to have a blast. Think Call of Duty but in a medieval setting. Enjoy. Rating: ***"
,Recommended,219640,11239798,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,TheGrassMan,Awesome
,Recommended,219640,546967,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Woodsman,Holy crap this is fun. A must buy!
,Recommended,219640,11242599,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,MoistWalrus,"A great game with responsive, but sometimes slow combat where teams are hardly helpful due to friendly fire.8/10-MoistWalrus"
76561198083522217,Recommended,219640,11247698,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Saber,EPIC
76561198111213705,Not Recommended,219640,11249011,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Alairik,"Oh hey. Looks like fine medieval fighting game, right? NOOOO Very lag unfriendly, must have very precise aim better than sharpshooter firing on 1 mile and I am speaking of close combat. You miss, you die. Every smallest mistake is punished, which makes it very unfunny. The combat itself is unrealistic too (shooting moreover), gets sloppy ,when you meet somebody in your way. After 5 hours I learn to hate this game. I'd love it when with friends and stoned. Could be great LAN Party game."
,Not Recommended,219640,10157132,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Merry,Want to play a particularly uncoordinated and horrible version of TF2? Play this.
,Recommended,219640,4685211,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Fafnir,"Fun.But, make sure you play it with friends."
,Recommended,219640,11179499,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,ShyGuySpirit,"If you like Counter Strike, but want to play with shields and swords. This is the game for you. You can chop limbs and heads off. gruesome, but enjoyable."
76561198028534043,Recommended,219640,11182564,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Kingnoobthe5,it is a fun game but my texturs are not working that well
76561198091402506,Not Recommended,219640,11185280,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Crisp,"An absolutely fantastic concept, almost everything I hoped for in a game; it also looks really good as well. However, it fails terribly. The combat is 'floaty', slow and lacks any feel. You simply wave your weapon in front of you and either you or the opponent dies. There really doesn't feel like any connection at all between the weapons or direction of the supposed strike from you or your advesary. Perhaps the worst aspect is the glitching, where players will skip across the map, only slighty, but for no reason at all, even when played on high ends PC's with very low  ping servers. This makes archery, or any attack, very frustrating.  It is such a shame. A valiant effort but unfortunately falls short, 3/10."
76561198033972294,Recommended,219640,11185660,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,MrWeather,It is a fun take on medieval warfare
76561198066695555,Recommended,219640,11186604,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Leo,It is a exxelent game with great grafics and smooth gameplay and show the true brutality of mideval warfare. The only drawback is there is a few bugs which the developers are fixing at the moment
,Recommended,219640,4012585,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Lord Pariah,"Beefy. Bloody, Meaty, Satisfying gameplay with no shortage of medieval brutality and gore.You dont know how good multiplayer swordplay can be until you chop a mans' arm off as he screams, turn around, chop another guys head off, then get your head chopped off by an axe wielding knight.Get this if you want it.Seriously."
76561198115590896,Not Recommended,219640,11175394,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,bkeniry (aka Quetzovercoatl),"I wanted to like this game. I was looking forward to a nice mindless combat game. I wasn't expecting anything special, but even with such low expectations this game is a huge dissapointment.Maybe I'm just hopeless, but I found that the difference between scoring a hit or a miss on my opponent to be more or less a matter of random chance. Added to this, the way that your opponents basically float around (rather than any attempt at their movements bearing any relation to their foot movement) at high speed made the game an exercise in frustration rather than fun.Either the learning curve for this game is way too steep or it's just a really awful game. After playing for about an hour, I just hate the game too much to bother finding out."
76561198017289101,Recommended,219640,11175753,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Kwazymofo,You could play this game for hours and still have no idea what you're doing!
76561198057270227,Recommended,219640,6015366,"Posted: 15 March, 2013",all,DeluxeDEMON,"A bloody, gored masterpiece."
76561198071830075,Recommended,219640,10487321,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,dr.5 dozen memes,"DISMEMBERING RAMPAGE, tons of fun but some people exploit the games mechanics and it can be EXTREMLY FRUSTRATING (mostly because they try to substitute that for skill) there are only 4 classes and they have a bunch of weapons to unlock, the character customization is lacking in pretty much every way you can think of. at first the movment and attacks you do will feel off and it will take a bit to get the hang of it and there are low level servers so you wont have to fight the exploiters right off the bat. movment is ♥♥♥♥ed, you WILL get caught on just about EVERYTHING until you learn the maps and know where not to walk. hit boxxes are ♥♥♥♥ed, as well and you will find yourself swinging through people without hitting them. dispite all this i still find the combat (when it works) EXTREMLY FUN and i always find myself wanting to play, and when im in the zone its dangerously addicting :) KILL THE ARCHERS!!! bow and arrows are well done, you wont hit an invisible corner as much as in skyrim. the vanguard (one of the classes) is bugged and when you die the ragdoll is all dismembered and it kind of kills the fun at first :( overall the game is severly lacking in minor things (customization, easily exploitable mechanics, various others) but gets combat almost spot on it just need a little more work until its MEDIEVAL WARFARE."
,Recommended,219640,11178689,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,The Saucy Horchata,Yell things and cut people's limbs off. Worth the cost.
76561198100166290,Recommended,219640,11188126,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Reek,awesome game buy this now!!!
76561198061879492,Recommended,219640,15355484,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Hernan,"A good game, especially when it's on a sale so you can murder all of the scrubs who bought it on a cheap and have no experience on it."
,Recommended,219640,16428032,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,๖ۣۜ𝔽𝕣𝕖𝕢孤独,Best Game Ever
,Recommended,219640,16429140,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NoobPwner,"Solid Game. Bit tricky at first, but picked it up easily enough."
76561198109032110,Recommended,219640,16429208,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ahsoka's Co-Pilot,This game perfects multi player mele gameplay
76561198196706563,Recommended,219640,16430254,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Papa succ,awsome
,Recommended,219640,16430308,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Hatch186,defo great game luvin it
76561198116107266,Recommended,219640,16431638,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NobalChase,AMAZING SINCE I BOUGHT THIS GAME 4 2.49$ GRAFICS AND EVERYTHING CANT EVEN TUCH THE PRICE SINCE THE GAMES SO GOOD GO BUY IY NOW!!!!! 10/10 IG LEL
76561197983381073,Recommended,219640,16433224,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ForeskinPirate,"Who wouldnt want to run into battle with their friends?  Wielding Axes and Swords, Spears and Bows Battle Cry & all. This game is a hell of a lot of fun. Great community, very active with their fans, consistently adding new content to the game."
,Recommended,219640,12564540,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Lorne Malvo,"Blood, glory, blood and glory! Very unique and fun.Timing is very important in this game. If you like fast paced, smart, melee combat, this game is for you.8.2/10"
76561198064198421,Recommended,219640,16433455,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bunninuts,"Hack n slash you new friend! Very fun and quite addicting. I love that you can decorate yourself with many different colors and emblems. The most fun you can have is playing with people you know, right next to you so you can kill them and rub right in their faces in person! :D"
,Recommended,219640,16433723,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,riotangel,"Absolute brutal sword swinging and head bashing. Never knew first-person games can be so fun up close right in your face - and smashing it - without spraying bullets from afar. Loving it.Steep learning curve though. Make sure to watch guidance videos, and practise, practise, practise with bots before attempting to fight against other people. Will lessen your chances of being mutilated by opponents."
,Recommended,219640,16434020,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Uncle Nat,">launch Chivalry>join official gameserver>disgonbgud.gif>is wrong, arm gets chopped off>yell, ""So that's how you want to play it!"">charge in with axe>get stabbed in stomach by archer, dies.>quits and uninstalls."
,Recommended,219640,16434600,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,C#Coder.cs,"Rather fun, a whole different way to play FPS games, if only this was how legends of zelda played!"
,Recommended,219640,16434834,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lathan,being a brutal person this game is right up my alley >:) especially when i get to destroy my friends
,Recommended,219640,16413353,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bamboozled again,"The most satisfying game to spam voice commands in.Also archers ruin this game. If you ever played as one, you should be ashamed of yourself."
,Recommended,219640,16413759,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Weke,Awesome!
76561198024521505,Recommended,219640,16419112,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,You Shall Not Pass,"Chivalry is, in fact, not dead.  Unless you decide to interrupt a respectful duel and come out the victor. Who's to stop you?"
,Recommended,219640,16419808,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CFFG._PSYCO,its just like i remeber the old mod or the original just better animation graphics and a bit of customization for all you who say its hard its not just block more scrubs
76561198138624349,Recommended,219640,16420800,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,suchaboss2015,its pretty humerous and graphics are beautiful
76561198073982504,Recommended,219640,16421823,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Regentvoo,"Great game, what's there to say that has not been said? I have to say overall the players are quite polite, never have I played a game where people apologise for friendly fire instead of suggesting my mother gets around much."
76561198067503620,Recommended,219640,6495340,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Aragorn-Elessar97,Really funny game!!!! :D
,Recommended,219640,11021427,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,US Mack5,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a tremendously fun, yet at times, frustrating battle cry simulator with plenty of blood, gore, and screams to boot. The gameplay is brutal with very simple hack, slash, and stab premises, yet it is still complex enough because of different attack types/strategies, weapons, and classes that there is a lot of variety to be had while playing the game and a lot of reasons to continue playing, even after you level a class up completely. It's a fantastic multiplayer game to play with friends and have a blast while doing so.Rating: FOR THE GLORY OF AGATHAAA/10"
,Recommended,219640,11023427,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Explosive Tomato,balls to the wall awesome
76561197986644443,Recommended,219640,11023768,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,The Owl,I killed a guy who massacred my whole team with an arrow to the his ear 10\10
,Recommended,219640,11106961,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,fr4nk1e,You can crouch and scream into the corpses of your defeated enemies. 10/10.
,Recommended,219640,10540169,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ZayWooT,"The game has potential.The mechanics are well thought out, but could be better executed. It has a different kind of combat, the weapon swings are realtime, and the point of impact follows the swing, but the precision needed to properly set up a good stab is ♥♥♥♥ed over by the lag and lack of polish, meaning you'll be killed over and over by thinking, SEEING your opponents swing miss, but then see your head roll around on the floor.You'll see a bunch of people oneshotting you with a massive hammer, and people swinging nonstop while you can't even set up a simple 1-2 combo... It has a learning curve that I find steeper than Dark Souls, which isn't a bad thing, but as the tutorial sucks, and the playerbase by now has advanced as much as it has you'll find a lot of the time excrutiatingly horrible, the game is simply not fun for a new player at all.BUT I will still recommend this game for anyone who likes melee combat, as the times where you're lucky and don't end up with horrible lag and players far more skilled than you, the game is very fun.If you can manage to git gud and get through the hours of gitting rekt over and over (which I haven't yet) you will probably find a fully entertaining game"
,Recommended,219640,11109623,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,dang flabbit,"I enjoyed that there are different things to do in Team Objective, like having to kill the Chieftains, and busting down gates... but the blocking sucks. It sucks so much."
,Recommended,219640,11109638,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Magilla,A lot of fun
,Recommended,219640,11112486,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Meme Farmer,"Each round is like a super violent game of the hokey pokey, where you all stand in a circle and put your right hand in, then you take your right hand out, and so forth. Ocassionally someone gets stabbed, and if you dont take your arm or leg back out (as the song dictates) fast enough, it gets cut off."
76561198096538636,Recommended,219640,11112650,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Nedland,You can roast people alive and then decapitate them.10/10
76561198054568218,Recommended,219640,11891848,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,The Real Mark Zuckerberg,FOR AGATHAAA!!! 8/10 for hacking peoples limbs off in close quarters combat and using the battle cry key
76561197988760555,Recommended,219640,11896584,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,KomikSin,is good =)
,Recommended,219640,11914493,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Femto,"ACTION PACKEDGREAT GRAPHICS (If you computer can handle the settings on high)AMAZING GAME MECHANICSBEST FP VIDEOGAMEThis is a very fun and entertaing First Person Medieval Warfare game. Chivalry really is one of a kind, and it's very addicting and fun!"
,Not Recommended,219640,8661926,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Rat'thug !,Learn to prog key binding FFS !
76561198079880418,Recommended,219640,8441744,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,zGhost,"Chivalry: Medival Warfare provides hours upon hours of entertainment, a robust system with many weapons to unlock, all while maintaining a strict timing on the many special actions that your character can do.  Things feel fluid and fast when getting into a kill streak. Some minor issues are glitches, and timings may seem off. But after practice you will be a beast of the battlefield. Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,219640,11919740,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Tiny Tom,"Fun gameplay, frustrating hitboxes and exploits. Will not run properly on good systems unless you fiddle with it - even then it isn't spot on."
76561198084859177,Recommended,219640,11927009,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Fizzbane,"A solid 9/10 for me, would recommend to anyone who wants a good stress relieving game, or just wants to mindlessly kill people."
76561198140376026,Recommended,219640,11878648,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Prandtl427,"Basically the close combat equivalent of an FPS set in the medieval era. Very fun, addictive combat. Weapons have been designed so that each one handles as it would in the real world. Maps are very well designed, particuarly for the objective battles.The downside?? Bugs....bugs everywhere. They litter the ground, they climb up your legs, they stick to your sword as it refuses to move and protect you from the giant mace swinging for your bug invested head. Should ONE player have a slow connection the game slows down for ALL players often to the point that it becomes unplayable.And yet....the game would not be as fun without them.7/10"
,Recommended,219640,11882592,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,WolfKnight,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a first person combat game, based in the medieval era, making this a perfect game for Game of Thrones fans. The combat mechanics is the best I've seen but there are some higher ranked players who can attack you without looking at you, this obviously shows that some improvements can be made. Although the frustrating deaths by archers, I would give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,219640,11899267,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,*COUGH*,"Chivalry is not much. As in: it's a straightfoward game that doesn't offer anything new or groundbreaking. The gameplay is simple to understand but hard to master. For me it wasn't a game I could play for hours on end, but from time to time I come back to it and do enjoy it. It's a popular game which results in you not having any problem finding a server loaded with medieval warriors to slash to pieces. The classes could really use some tweaking, the archer for instance is way too underpowered and his various bows are pretty inaccurate (or I just suck at aiming). Can definitely recommend this for players who like first person non-stop slashing action. If you prefer intelligent strategy elements, look elsewhere. This game is in-your-face, straigtforward and gory action."
,Recommended,219640,11856461,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Wishbone,"Smack your shield and yell ""Come Hither"""
,Recommended,219640,11860546,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,eliotik,"Great medival ages game, must have :)"
,Recommended,219640,11861992,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Yung Lucifer,"Best game ever, heads expload and bodys are dismemberd!"
76561198064432471,Not Recommended,219640,6352689,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,The Unusual Suspect,"It used to be great, and it's still brutal but now it's just really laggy, and clunky. The gameplay isn't as smooth, and it makes me a sad panda."
,Recommended,219640,11940826,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Ninjachicken737,"Played this game for 30 min, loved it."
,Recommended,219640,11940787,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Riftwind,"Best game I have played in a while. Very addicting! It is like Skyrim met Halo, and had an Age of Empires baby."
76561197970426561,Recommended,219640,11785598,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Twelvepak,Hack n' Slash fun.  I can't help but think of this game as Call of Duty without guns.
,Recommended,219640,11785617,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Hercules Rockefeller,"What sort of game is this? With it's ""rules""."
76561198022891928,Recommended,219640,11791047,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,simicd,is good game
76561198079460753,Recommended,219640,11863040,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,- ₯ - Lord Cornwallis,really brillieant game gory and funny great fun with friends
,Not Recommended,219640,10822578,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hopscotch Lenny,"I love this game. I really do. It's redefined competetive multiplayer for me and is now one of the few games that I'll actually spend time playing against other people. However, the devs really just don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ They have their money and that's all that matters to them. Instead of fixing bugs or keeping the weapons fair and balanced, they'd rather make small dlcs that give you single armour sets for $7 each. The servers are also horribly maintained. They crash like clockwork and when they are up, they can't seem to handle the maximum 32 players in them and will display false stats on the number of players in a match or what the average ping is. This used to be one of my favorites and it could be again if the devs would just put their attention on the important things instead of meaningless dlc that only 5% of the community will buy.Update for recent patches 7/20 - Thus proving my point of the devs not caring. Making your game prettier doesn't make it more playable. ♥♥♥♥ you Torn Banner. Kill yourselves.Update for ""Battle for Balance"" patches - Battle for Balance is a BLATANT LIE. Should be called battle for fooling our fanbase. All they did was make a new menu page and a new ""ui"" system. For everything else, i guess the devs unanimously decided to murder the only people on their team that had any morals and then went on a campaign to line their pockets with all the money they could dig out of our pockets, our hopes, and our tears. ♥♥♥♥ you. ♥♥♥♥ all of you."
76561198107439286,Recommended,219640,7444892,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Dog is out,Отличная игра
76561198119617660,Recommended,219640,11874969,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Weewum,I love this game
,Recommended,219640,11855313,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,[PHX]KRAZYNATIVE AMERICAN,I absolutley love this game!!!
76561197992883276,Recommended,219640,1407685,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,Bitola,Adoro bugsadoro passa raivarecomendo pra quem gosta.
76561198088830433,Recommended,219640,11994765,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,RaptorPope,This Game is the reason i can get up in the morning.
,Recommended,219640,11995663,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,SlaughterJoker,chop other people's heads off
76561198035846298,Not Recommended,219640,7636397,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,0 H00BERT 0,♥♥♥♥ this Game.
,Recommended,219640,11954324,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,JakefuxFlo,Haven't played a game this awesome in a long time
76561198041055254,Recommended,219640,11954681,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Insight,+1
76561198044057060,Recommended,219640,10153442,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Tyler,Yep
76561198024376592,Recommended,219640,10153460,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,The Joker,"Some of the most fun I've ever had in a video game. Loosing or winning, decapitating or being decapitated, I always have a big grin on my face while playing this game!"
,Recommended,219640,10153490,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Pulse,Amaaaaaazing
,Recommended,219640,10153535,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,larry,LIKE SYRIM WITH GUNS
,Recommended,219640,4772307,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,CanadianEgg,"Absolutely brilliant, one of the best medieval games out there."
,Recommended,219640,8585787,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Lacrima_Christi,"Awesome medieval game,with beautiful graphics and great combat system,cool maps and great gamemodes.Note: DON'T BUY deadliest warrior,it's a relly crap, inferior graphics,inferior combat system,and has a lot of bugs."
76561198067737569,Recommended,219640,8327344,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,XStellyX,It's a fun game. But has lots of tks
,Not Recommended,219640,8327447,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Grassfedhuman,"Wow, I loved the first game but hadn't played in a while, bought the damn DLC and the game is now completely unplayable for apparently a huge number of owners. There were a ton of bugs before but it was still playable, most people I've seen can't even get a match to load and neither can I.  They claim to be fixing it on the forums but nothing yet. I want my money back for the damn DLC I can't even play!"
,Recommended,219640,8327617,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jimhouse,"MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING SWORDS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥ Can be frustrating but once you get used to it, it's insanely fun. And hilarious. And addictive."
76561197960761607,Recommended,219640,8327626,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Aidens,In your face!
76561197994319342,Recommended,219640,8327829,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[SsT] Salty,"Chivalry is absolutely a blast. This game totally caught me off gaurd and is some of the most fun and hilarious gaming I've had in recent history. There is an inexplicable thrill to rushing a keep with 20 other players, yelling and chanting, and lopping enemies clean off with a pole axe. This game is nuts, play it!"
76561198087161460,Recommended,219640,8329105,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ebola,"so,if you are looking for a BAD♥♥♥♥♥fps medieval game,this is the game for you"
,Recommended,219640,8330295,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Darth Brutalsam,"Отличная Игрушка, особенно длц нравиться, но есть баги, креш, вобщем играть интересно. Рекомендую"
,Recommended,219640,8304222,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,PolarBear,"Great game, hours of fun."
76561198074612602,Recommended,219640,6767965,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Allister,Знатное рубилово
,Recommended,219640,765805,"Posted: 10 November, 2012",all,Ramboness,I chop your head off
,Recommended,219640,8579693,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Crowcaine,Great game and can become awfully addictive. Nothing feels better than getting a kill streak on this game; makes the blood rush. Only compaint is there are a lot of seasoned veterans who pwn noobs like myself regularly.
,Not Recommended,219640,8533950,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Plectrix,Meh. It was underwhelming.
76561198064692524,Recommended,219640,8580587,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,mason5k,THIS GAME GETS ME ERECT
,Recommended,219640,8581329,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Z☢ﮒ☢,yes
,Recommended,219640,8579633,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Tay000,"A very unique first person hack and slash game that requires control and precision to truly master your favourite class and weapon. The feeling of chopping through someone's shins with a pole arm or sweeping through a wave of ragdoll enemies with your great sword, and then decapitation... It's a satisfying game to play.Although the client itself has its issues (random crashes and a glitchy server list at times), the developers continue to draw feedback and show commitment to the game as these issues have been optimised and happen very infrequently these days."
76561198085354156,Recommended,219640,8583788,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Espo,fwdebkthbrey
76561198064526007,Recommended,219640,8584182,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,HostileKiller,Really fun online game.
76561198065729258,Recommended,219640,8585276,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,America Fuck Yeah!,Its a really fun game but dont expect it to work without bugs. Even with its flaws i love it. one of the best games ive ever played.
76561198053708385,Recommended,219640,12835035,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Drak3,A game that never gets old. Beheadings and screams of bloodthirst are all I think of when it comes to this gem.
,Recommended,219640,4584693,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,stinkstankstunk,♥♥♥♥ this game i wanna trade it
76561198038701075,Recommended,219640,12733314,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Atz,10/10 Would get head chopped off again
76561197967686353,Recommended,219640,12731970,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,scaizi,"If you like FPS and you like medievel games themed...this is your game!Pros-lots of blood, its total bloodbath. heads smashed/beheaded, dismemberment of limbs.you want know how is a battle in medieval times? this is your game!4 diferent classes, suited for your taste!Archers- lethal at distance, but weak at close quartersMan At Arms - the speedy gonzalez of the battlefield, quite fast but low staminaVanguard - The name say everithing, all round fighter, deadly with spears/swordsKnight - the Tank, slow but really powerfull, great armourCons -Expect a lot of teamkilling, battles can become really confuseClasses should be more levelledFew bugsFor the asked price, its a good aquisition, specially if you need to relieve your stress out, because there is no best sensation to behead some foes!!!Totally worth!!! 9/10"
76561198104026209,Recommended,219640,12733632,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,The Fut,Amazing game! I have spen hours of time playing this game and swearing at it. SO MUCH FUN! Even better with deadliest warrior expansion.
76561198096024417,Recommended,219640,12733970,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,MadGabQC,"Really fun and addicting game, at this price u cant miss it. Community is great!"
76561198045326000,Recommended,219640,12735126,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ryan chase,i lika this game
76561198040728068,Recommended,219640,12736867,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Fatcat,ayy lmao
,Recommended,219640,5972123,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Admiral Grim the Time Wizard,Fun to play and hilarious to listen to!
,Recommended,219640,2239463,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,Caramel Dinosaur,"THIS GAME (although a bit priced for its current content [ it is a under developement game so some support could influence them]) IS FUN AS HELL. I DO RECOMMEND IT IF YOU HAVE THE SPARE CASH OR LOVE MEDIEVAL TIMES. The combat is slow but takes time to master, they have archers, knight etc."
,Recommended,219640,7009460,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,VoidWaIker,Children shouldent play super gorey
,Recommended,219640,3531024,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,eTheBlack,"This is game is awesome! Dying laughting while running away from enemy and screaming ""Help!"" xD"
,Recommended,219640,1630141,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,PoopyAssMan,"This game should be in every fast paced melee loving gamer's library. I loved every second of this game that wasn't spent rolling my face over my keyboard in what might be a physcologically concerning fit of pure anger. Anger which mainly comes from being killed by some guy who simply out matched you leaving only yourself to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at. For some reason it is more fustrating to die in this game than most; perhaps its the in your face combat or the delightfully skill based first person fights which leave you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you're not better at winning. Despite my apparent anger issues, it was really really fun and really really rewarding the better you get at the game.It's the type of game that you can pick up and immediatly have fun with your friends or on pub servers but still have a huge amount of combat tactics that give it depth for competitive players who want to absolutley crush any pathetic pubbie who dare point his gaze in your general direction.The only downside is the rate at which certain issues with the game are fixed and the initial amount of somewhat abusable mechanics that through the game balance off. However, many of these problems, though long lived, have mostly been fixed and the game is turning into a truely competitive, balanced, and varied game that you could play for months on end.9/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,12694282,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,MikeyBoy,"Done with this game, to many hackers... Just look at youtube. So when you wondered why you sucked so bad, that is why."
,Recommended,219640,12795888,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,O'Reilly,"Absolutely recommend this game and I'll tell ya why.ProsCombatThe combat is obviously the first piece of this game that deserves some attention. If you enjoy Dark Souls or Oblivion style sword fighting, then you'll absolutely love this. There are so many different ways to attack people, example: scrolling up to jab, scrolling down to overhead swing, and different buttons to swing your sword/flail/mace/axe left or right -- this game makes sword fights memorably epic. You can totally kick people off ledges, dodge them, block them....everything! You can also throw axes/knives ... and just yesterday I killed a dude with an axe to the nuts. Did I mention you can sever limbs and heads?MapsThe maps are beautiful and diverse. From textures, to lighting, to the design of the landscape itself, you're always super immersed. The weather really changes your visibility in battle and there are even civilians running around to confuse you. My favourite part of the maps is that they are so dynamic in their elevations. The map designers really didn't think of maps as having a few different heights; you can literally jump off anything and land on anything, and it very well may give you the advantage in battle.WeaponsThere are a ton of weapons to choose from and a ton to unlock. Each weapon is super unique, and really feels different from the last. You can really find the weapon you do best with, and it may be just a bit shorter or faster than your last. There are crazy weapons too - polearms, quarterstaffs, halberds, slings for throwing rocks, throwing spears, maces, flails, crossbows, daggers....you name it.CustomizationCustomization is bang on. They focus mainly on colour and pattern choices, which there are plenty of. The people who do care about customization stand out; and it's super easy to spot your favourite allies or nemesis. There's also a green marker above your friend's heads to make them even easier to spot.SkillAbsolute favourite part of this game is the skill level. If you can focus, breathe slowly, and time your blocks; you actually can take on hordes of people at a time. Especially if you're smart enough to funnel them onto a bridge :)ConsPing MattersIf you have a slow connection, beware. With every inch counting with a swing of a sword; you just really can't lag or it's pointless.Learning CurveThis game has a super steep learning curve. Even once you learn all the buttons, it's really hard to control yourself in the middle of combat. It's super immersive and exhilerating so it's easy to press the wrong button in the heat of the moment. With super realistic health levels, you can easily die in 1 hit.Honestly, no other Con's so far."
76561198055404038,Recommended,219640,12801765,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,IIMarbeLII,After 24 hours of gameplay...YOU CAN DECAP USING YOUR FIST!!!
,Recommended,219640,12803000,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hououin Kyouma,kick♥♥♥♥♥jedi medievil style
76561198078835996,Recommended,219640,6898666,"Posted: 19 March, 2013",all,GIANTDAD,like it!
76561198094884552,Recommended,219640,10843323,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Hervis Dankeny,"why are you looking at the reviews buy it already!if yer not a boring ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who wants a ""story"" in a hack&slash multiplayer fps/tps game then this is the stuff for you, if you have a friend in reality who pisses yer of then hack his virtual head off!"
76561198084855398,Recommended,219640,12818740,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,simplyclever,i join in and get rekt in 4 hits two times in a row by a knight with fists11/10 ign
76561198045351992,Recommended,219640,15235626,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,K3viB,This is the most addictive game I've ever played.  I love this game and you will too!
76561198032447139,Recommended,219640,15242178,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Mr. Lahey,Battle cry and bath in blood! Who doesnt like that?
,Not Recommended,219640,15229156,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Pilvo,"The game is only fun until level 15, then it is just people who use exploits to win and the whole point of the game is ruined, if you want to pay $25 to play the game for 15 level then by all means do it. Good luck"
,Recommended,219640,15230334,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,香蕉君,"DON NOT buy the DLC...there are just less than 100 people in the DLC. The Medieval Warfare is more interesting than the DLC and I think the DLC is not good enough. But, if you are TUHAO, never mind~The 300+ PING is making me mad.So... I'll give 8.5/10制作组不是有华裔么~你们DLC的判定能不能修正一下啊，明明站在身边瞄着头打的，尼玛居然对方都没有反应。。。也根本没有打到啊。。。而且，为什么日本的角色有两种，中国一个都没有。你让武僧们怎么想。"
,Not Recommended,219640,15232120,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Craft4,"If you are not playing with the standard W A S D keys - forget it. Remapping the keybindings is horrible - the game does not check if there are multiple keybindings for one key. Its very hard to find out that there are multiple actions on a key as the whole system is not very clear.The server browser seems forgetting my filter settings all the time, like filtering for ping <100, VAC secure and other setting you might like.If you start as a new player - prepare to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for the first ~30 hours. There is no such thing as beginners only or beginners friendly - even on the low ranked server. Only thing you will accomplish is, getting insulted by teammates for not doing objectives correct or fighting like a coward."
76561198086169542,Recommended,219640,15232479,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,The Dude,F***!ng Amazing
,Recommended,219640,11523153,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Mikal,"Death, death everywhere."
,Recommended,219640,2798888,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,Lend ☕,Its ♥♥♥♥ing great
,Recommended,219640,5423994,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Beka,Fun medieval multiplayer first person combat game with very nice online community (for medieval standards).
76561198073924528,Recommended,219640,15203212,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Conscious_Corndog,"Pros:One of the most comprehensive close-combat games on Steam. Types of moves include: Slashing, Feinting, Parrying, Lunging, Kicking, Shield Bashing and Comboing. Making use of these techniques as well as using footwork and timing is what is involved in fighting opponents. At the same time, stamina and health force you to plan your moves carefully.A few different classes to try, each one requiring its own strategies; Knight, Man-At-Arms, Vanguard and Archer.Progression. Several weapons to unlock for each class. Weapons are unlocked by getting kills with weapons you already have unlocked.Different gametypes to play. Team Objective, King Of The Hill, Free For All, Team Deathmatch, Capture The Flag, Duel Mode (one-on-one).Realistic graphics and sound effects. Blood, gore and dismemberment of limbs included.Cons:Poor Compatibilty as of now.  With Patch 35, the game officially supports Windows, Mac OSX and Linux. Work best in Windows. Decent support on Linux. Poorly optimized Mac support.Overall ReviewPossibly the best ""first person stabber"" out there. The game's combat requires a good amount of strategy, timing and skill to be good at, but it is also fun for those (like myself) who just like to have fun, spam the battlecry button and employ the trusty ""swing until you hit something"" strategy."
76561198027046637,Recommended,219640,3758674,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,FranzVan,:)
76561198120455294,Recommended,219640,10166699,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"the game is super fun. when it lets you play... i tryed the beta and loved it. then they roped me in with a sale. BUT, once i got it i can no longer play on line when ever i click on multipler no servers pop up. so i am stuck playing bots wich is fun but kinda boring. over all it would be fun if it worked."
76561198040145517,Recommended,219640,4637073,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,AplJack,"What can I say? Quick to get into, forever to master. Fun in short bursts.It fills in my 'swordplay' needs quite a lot, something I always wanted in a video game... Somewhat realistic melee medieval combat. It's not perfect, there are plenty of flaws, as with any game that relies on real-time aiming of attacks and blocks over a delayed internet connection, but it fits quite well.82+ Hours, and still enjoy it."
,Recommended,219640,15309788,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Капитан Джинкс,Most glorious.
76561198056572851,Recommended,219640,15314760,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Tononson,Takes some skill to be good and brutal if you dont know what you are doing. not for the easily rageable.
,Recommended,219640,15315026,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Captain Headsplitter,"this is the best game ever, but for some reason some noob keeps kicking people on free-for-all and i got kicked for team damage on free for all, that is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
76561198065163308,Recommended,219640,15315739,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Kefka,Tis but a scratch
76561198066124137,Recommended,219640,9051732,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Kesslerr (,u can stab people in this
,Recommended,219640,2332074,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,MightyM0use,"Do NOT, under any circumstances, purchase this game until bugfixes and hit detection issues are addressed. I'm absolutely blown away how companies are getting away with releasing buggy, untested, awful games like this. I'm constantly getting killed by someone attacking three feet to my right, my attacks are being blocked by people who aren't facing me, and my own blocks are timed as someone is swinging their weapons, but i'm still dying. Do not give torn banner your money, they don't deserve a penny for releasing trash like this."
,Not Recommended,219640,26421627,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lucy Briggs,"This game is a masterpiece, all the controls are fluent and it feels amazing to play but the game is way too heavy to swing alone without a team and the classes are fairly balanced but playing it makes you want to smash your skull into a brick wall at 5mph because of the pacing."
,Recommended,219640,5599890,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,HEYYEYAAEYAAAEYAEYAA,"Задумка, конечно, хорошая: мультиплеерные средневековые сражения от первого лица с хорошим показателем ""расчленёнки"" - это очень круто. Но столько багов и глюков я не встречал нигде и никогда! С трудом верится, что такая забагованная игра имеет великолепный движок Unreal Engine 3."
,Recommended,219640,6292816,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Necom123,Awesome and just awesome
,Recommended,219640,9709186,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,EmuChicken,"I really did want to love this game, ever from the trailers being released, but I was left unfulfilled with this title.This game as you already know is a team-based ""FPS""-styled game themed on Medieval England.You can unlock new weapons and armor through an XP system, XP is earned by killing and winning games online.Graphically, the game does a good job by using the Unreal engine. Controls are tight and do well as they should. Players are plentiful, so finding a game in progress is no problem.Unfortunately, the one thing that really lets this title down is the balance issue when it comes to them frigging horses.It's not unusual to get into a server where the opposition spams with horses. It is fairly obvious that these should be limited to x amount per team. A recent game that manages to pull this off successfully is Natural Selection 2, where the more powerful items appear near the end game.There is a ""tutorial"" system which was fine until it bugged out for me half way through.Online there is always the question, ""Chivalry or War of the Roses"" ? - I dont really care for the question, but what WOTR does very well is with archery. It feels great to get a hit in and there is a sense of instant gratification. Ahhhh! If you prefer to stick swords into the enemy- WITHOUT being annoyed by horses, then I'd lean more towards Chivalry.Pros+ Good, well tested Unreal engine+ Archery+ XP system+ Horses (if you know how to use them)Cons- Balance Issues- Horses (Unbalanced)- Hitting with swords feels a little disconnectedOverall; 7/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,7931570,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Viet Kong,"This game was a gem. This game was a must have, with fantastic combat that was deep and engaging. Sure it had bugs, a lot of them, but it's an indie game, if we give them time they'll sort it out, right? Dead ♥♥♥♥ing wrong. If you had asked me when this game first released, I would have told you it was a must have, that it was my favorite game. Now, this is a waste of your time and of your money. This game has become plagued with DLC, sure, they're only skins so it's not a big deal, or it wouldn't be a big deal if Torn Banner actually gave two ♥♥♥♥s about the community. Since they don't, this game is still plagued with bugs, bugs that Torn Banner refuses to fix because they're too busy making DLC. The barbarian skins that were released today are the last ♥♥♥♥ing straw. $8 per skin for a single class, and $2 a pop for the four new weapon skins! To buy all the skins is $40, fourty ♥♥♥♥ing dollars. That's more than the ♥♥♥♥ing game; you would think that with all the DLC TB would release some bug fixes, but no, they don't give half of a sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥about their fans. There's also no point in even playing this game if you don't know how to drag. People will tell you dragging is a tactic but it isn't, it's just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that eliminates the need of any skill whatsoever. It makes it difficult to block with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s spinning all over the place, slowing down or speeding up their swings at will. It's pretty common to see an instakill weapon swing coming at you with more speed than a dagger. Does Torn Banner care about this? No, the motehr♥♥♥♥ers actually encourage it and call it a tactic. Not because it is, but because TB is too ♥♥♥♥ing busy wallowing in their piles of money. Don't waste your breath on this game, but Mount & Blade Warband instead."
76561198031111113,Recommended,219640,15014085,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,PieFighter42,"Although I wasn't sure, considering the price and the fact, that this is early access, I finally did purchase this game. And I've got to admit: I really do love this game.(Keep in mind: this is multiplayer only! )Here are my first impressions:1.The game does look really nice:Although the game's not ready yet, it does look georgous :)It's also capable of creating a really great atmosphere wich gives the game it's own unique character2.Gameplay mechanics/ melee combat is niceIt's easy to learn, a whole lot of fun and still there is hardly any situation, in wich tactics, training and skill don't give            you a huge advantage in 1 vs. 1 brawls. (You can win a swords fight with a dagger)3.Multiplayer modes:There are a lot of them ... had no time playing all of them but, they are definitively all worth giving a try!There are a few cons that were bothering me:- when there are a lot of people involved, melee gets really annoying... there is hardly any fight you don't get slashed by the allied swords man right behind you or given a headshot by the helpful archer who accidently missed his target by 2 feet.But I guess you can't blame the game in this case, it's just nobody does perfom a precise stab (mousewheel up), when you can cut your enemys and your allies head at once :/But all in all it's a awesome multiplayer game with a lot of good gameplay mechanics!- and in any case it's better than the next random Call of Duty"
,Not Recommended,219640,14729593,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,GR47,"As it is on the MAC, its unp[layable.. I hate to say it, but its aggrevating to play. Looks like a great game, but when unplayable due to massive drop in fps when more than 5 players are on screen is undoable.I certainly recommend this game but not for MAC OSX how it is now. I hope they will fix this ASAP."
76561198008747743,Recommended,219640,15023843,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,WOLFGANG,great game it's a game that takes some getting use to but everyones different so it might take others longer or quicker to get use to it but despite that i feel a single player campaign mode would be great for this game which sadly it doesn't have which is why even though i really like this game M&B Warband is better than this game simply cause Warband has a lot more to offer and has lots of mods but still a really good game just wish i guess that a single player mode existed for it lol
,Recommended,219640,2237760,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,Jordan,"Awesome game for the 16$ i paid for it, lots of fun..TEAM FORTRESS W/ SWORDS"
,Recommended,219640,14514480,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kæstel,Mig og Storm er riddere :)Best game everIt even comes with girlfriend
,Recommended,219640,14515860,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Brother Blood III,Chivalry: Medival Warfare is one of the best games I have played and I have played so little. The main reasons I like Chivalry is that all of the classes are blanced and none are over powered.
76561198163273021,Recommended,219640,14549689,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Minano74,this game is good but watch out for the teamkillers on mutiplayer. I really like this game too
76561198107966996,Recommended,219640,14389597,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Abu Bakr al-Bigbabbo,Best way to spend your money on a game you will never play. 10/10 ING
76561198049861022,Recommended,219640,5444331,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,[ADG] drivebydrifter,Totally worth it
76561198029941816,Recommended,219640,3967919,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,cheemidge,get it
,Recommended,219640,14350643,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,The Colonel,"How do you win? You BRING IT, SON! You gonna come at me you better come correct!Seriously though, it may be difficult at first, but taking damage is part of the learning process. Good luck out there."
,Recommended,219640,14351924,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,A Gramophone,"I saw it came to mac.Tried downloading it, only displayed that I was going to download it, none of the statistics of room available or how much it would take up.Thought nothing of it and continued the download.Finished instantly.Tried to start it up, suspicious.Missing executable.Poker face."
,Recommended,219640,14353179,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,[AC30] Dpad,"This game ♥♥♥♥♥ all over any other competitive FPS title, Dynamic battle's that change as objective are completed or failed. As one army you may find yourself pillaging a whole village, laying siege on a castle and finally killing an enemy king. And in a totally different map you could be pushing a siege weapon through town with checkpoint objectives as the cart traverses the enemy city, all so you can lay waste to the knowledge that your enemy keeps locked away in their castles library. It's great every map has different objectives.There are 4 Main gametypes: Team Objective, Team Deathmatch, Deathmatch, and Duel's. And also a few great modded gametypes: Horde (Waves of NPC orc's, skellingtons, ghosts...), BlackKnight mode (Think Monty Python limbs flying everywhere). Giant Killer's (the more you kill the bigger you become).The combat is brilliant provided you play server's locally as bad ping will get you rekt everytime, if your ping is above 80 - 90 on any given server you will likely not get many kills. Combat is difficult to master but the learning curve is fun and balanced. They have beginner servers for low ranks which still fill up and you wont have to worry about going toe to toe with pro's who feint, parry, drag, dodge and exploit.The community is fantastic everyone at least on the australian servers are fairly mature gamers and good for a laugh. But dont expect to be taken seriously until your rank proves you as a threat!"
76561197979297453,Recommended,219640,818474,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀,"The twisitng, serpent factions of this game lay splayed across my waning blade, already rotting in the midnight sun.  Come with me as I ride, naked and burning, across the hollow desert, spitting into a nameless heart.  All ways lead out.  Sand Wraith's attack animation is mad stupid.  Lion's face looks like a trainwreck made love to a heap of burnt hair.  The Man-at-arms is busted.  All power to the halberd."
76561198018686489,Recommended,219640,14396467,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Blades_of_Steel,"Simple controls. Simple concept. With that being said, it is still difficult to compete against other players and requires skill.  Even though its infuriating at times, which is your own fault if you're not good, it is one of the funnest games you can pick up, and play, at anytime."
76561198010715711,Not Recommended,219640,14343178,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,SLAYERPLAUGE,on-line server not populating requiring re-intall to get it to work. wasted several hours trying to fix this - i have given up
,Recommended,219640,14343484,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,joho6,"Okay game, but I only thought it was fun using crossbow/bow."
,Recommended,219640,14346069,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Want|Some,Who doesn't like to whoop some medievil♥♥♥♥♥ :D
,Recommended,219640,14346752,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Lord Malric,"The Mason Order needs you! (yes, you)Join the Mason Order today, and in no time you will be looting and pillaging in my name."
,Recommended,219640,14348395,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Shabooms,"A great game. The game mechanics are polished and smooth. A meduim end computer is recommended for having higher graphic settings. Now onto the important things!What makes it different:1st: EXCITING PROGRESSIVE OBJECTIVES. Similar but more varied than Battlefield 3's game mode ""Rush"". In Chivarly's ""Team Objective"" mode you start out in one stage of a battle that can be as different from one another as, FOR EXAMPLE: Chopping defenseless peasants to bits and burning their houses down as the defending team tries to stop you and save the village, >:D or for a different example, pushing a cart of explosives or a battering ram to a wall as the enamies defend and try to stop you from reaching there. Walls can be defended via, archers, boiling oil, ballista (giant crossbows), melee combat infront of the gates and throwing weapons!2nd: CHOPPING OFF LIMBS! AND FUN DUELING. The game is fluid and calculating and is able to have this neat feature that a lot of games don't really care to push towards for some odd reason. Additionally the block, feint, dodge, and other such abilities in the game make one on one combat dueling extremely fun! A fight between two swordsmen equally skilled swordsmen can actually last a long time in a continous clash of steel that leaves each particpant in constant awe and wonder at whether their head will begin to roll at any second. People have short health bars and quick swords, bewary of failing to block, failing to dodge or failing to calmly step out of the way of a noob it can be, as such failures can be gruesomely tramatic3rd: EASY TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS AND ONLINE: There are plenty of constantly running servers and it is easy to create your own to play with just friends. You don't have to worry hard about finding a server or not being able to connect or any other capadability crap you get with other games (like Crusader Kings).4th?: It's fairly priced. Its only online (no single player campaign) but its also cheaper than your average game. Its much more than a mini game but I would say its priced like a miniture game.Warning: Like with steam, intertnet is required."
,Recommended,219640,14297589,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Nortnnn,Really great game if your into medievil sword fighting games
,Recommended,219640,14297736,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Anal-Kanal,really cool game 10/10P
76561198049587322,Recommended,219640,14300535,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,♥~DO IT FOR HER~♥,"Chivalry is a fun twist on the jump-in-and-kill idea popularized by Call of Duty, Counter Strike, and others, but lacks a fun or interesting story mode to antiquate you with the game. The tutorial is drab and full of bugs, but gives you an (albeit poorly paced) introduction to all of the games' classes and weapons. Once you finish, you'll insitinctively launch yourself into the fray like so many lemmings on a cliff, and die. You will die. You might not get to play the game for very long your first few go arounds, except from the spectate mode. Eventually, you remember your training and stop dying long enough to decapitate someone. A newborn lust flourishes within you. You draw your mace, with the expertise of a veteran, and bring it crashing into the basalar membrane of some wretched soul damned by your crimson, blood-warmed steel. Valiant, and grinning with this newfound power, you draw back your mace once more to satiate the almost sexual primal desires now coursing through your every sense, and are immediately kicked from the server because both of your victims were teammates and the game failed to explain friendly fire and you didn't notice which color team you joined.8/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,14332386,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Xanith,"As of 2/2/15 the devs have admitted to abandoning this game while it's in a heavily broken state. Don't let the low sales price tempt you, the player retention (game has sold 2 million+ copies, only has around concurrent 1-2.5k players) speak for itself on the game's quality.If you want me to elaborate on what I mean by heavily broken:-Bugs that have been in the game since RELEASE are still not fixed-Lack of any balance changes for months, 90% of weapons are useless and the game has been made into a massive spamfest of messers and mauls.-Lack of optimization: I have a pretty beefy PC and so do many of my friends who play this game, some maps WILL tank your fps regardless of graphical settings or player count. I don't even think a quad SLI titan rig could get more than 50 fps on the battlegrounds map.-Constant crashing/server browser errors. It also doesn't help that all of the official servers are hosted by multiplay so they're incredibly laggy.-Lack of competitive support from the developers. Think of how much Valve supports the competitive TF2 community. Yeah.-Poor animation quality, swings/body movement look incredibly jittery and rough even at 120fps, which causes a lot of problems such as desyncs, in a fast-paced game like this.-Vile. hate-filled community, on par with MOBA/CoD communitiesSome alternatives if this game interests you: Mount & Blade Warband (or Bannerlord which isn't out yet.), or the Slasher Project."
,Recommended,219640,14334444,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,『Guru2115』,"Joined a battle. Chopped a guys head off, heard some awesome gurgle noises. 10/10"
76561198171028451,Recommended,219640,14339845,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,aaron6772,i like it alot it just needs better graphics and faster gameplay
76561197987355657,Recommended,219640,1128186,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Xavier989,It's what happens when you take Elder scrolls gameplay and mix it with counter strike matchmaking. Excellent.
76561198156391357,Not Recommended,219640,14362881,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,{LOQ} SEXY NEWT GINGRICH,I really despise this playing experience. The balancing is very off and while i may be called an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for saying it i hope this game is wiped from the face of the earth. Why do people enjoy this. I dont like anything about the game. Please save your money if you want to buy it.
,Recommended,219640,14173472,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bowow,Should you try it? YES!Will it make you happy? YES!Buy it!
,Recommended,219640,14174112,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,MAKINA,This has what skyrim has lacking.
,Recommended,219640,14174247,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Celestial Cat,The game is great but most of the community is dead :(
,Recommended,219640,14175132,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,RangerKarl,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHitsgoodgoknockpeoplesheadsoffHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,219640,14176957,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,[Mar] Pengwndude,"Chivalry is HILARIOUS. It's a first person medieval combat game. there are 4 different classes with a TON of weapons to choose from.Now this game is hilarious because when you put a bunch of knights together swinging a bunch of weapons rather recklessly there's a lot of friendly fire, as well as a dedicated battlecry button.But it's also a rather tight game. If you want to go hard, you really can, and there are a lot of dedicated players who have really mastered the mechanics of closequarters first person combat.With different game types this game has much to offer."
,Recommended,219640,14179365,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,xeqtr,"Fun game,with fun modes and fun physics."
76561198087775228,Recommended,219640,13033158,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,SirEpicc,Es muy bueno en los con bates pero pueden mejorar
76561198041100112,Recommended,219640,13033574,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,MaliphicVisions,"Its totally worth it, so much fun"
76561198054593703,Recommended,219640,13034740,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Cold Stone Steve Austin,This game has much good
76561198096701367,Recommended,219640,13034845,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,javig319,"This is a really fun casual/ serious game which i can see myself playing for hours on end. Currently have 9 hrs into the game and will most likely have AT LEAST 100 hrs by the end of this month no doubt. The combat is really great and feels smooth and satisfying. Definitely worth the $6(steam weekend sale) and even the original price of $25.Also, if you own an Oculus rift and Vorpx then this game is a MUST HAVE."
76561198061930340,Recommended,219640,13035008,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Randy's Gut,This is the most fun and brutal game ive ever played
76561198107787508,Recommended,219640,13035275,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,hunted9000,I LOVE THIS GAME. This game is like skyrim mixed with medival time multiplayer all into one.
76561198124542159,Recommended,219640,13035339,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,MgSchutze,10/10 Great Gore maps classes gamemodes and AI and Easy to learn
76561198066386790,Recommended,219640,13035527,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,JobraCommander,This game is hilarious when you play with a bunch of people!! so much gore and screaming!!!
,Recommended,219640,13035783,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Legit1261,10/10 will archer again
,Recommended,219640,13035993,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Eagle0278,Great cheap fun
,Recommended,219640,13035999,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Uselper,good gameunreliable patches
76561198057153314,Recommended,219640,13036474,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,MajesticWeasel,A game in which i get to run around a cut people with my sword!?! Sign me up!
76561198093831643,Recommended,219640,13036585,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Splonk,i love these new updates. LAN servers are an excellent bonus
76561198071020543,Recommended,219640,13037106,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Keith,"This game is much fun. You don't even need friends to play it, the community is nice and it has much more to show then the trailer does. The close combat is well made and there are plenty of weapons to unlock. The characters have many voice lines what brings the mood.Combat: 9/10Medieval felling: 10/10Workshop: 8/10Servers: 8/10Character designing (weapons,banners...): 9/10Not a pay to win game."
,Recommended,219640,13037577,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,~CaNdLeBoX~,"The game is awesome. I played this game on it's free weekend and only took me 20 minutes to decide to buy it. I love this game. In it's own way it has the Medal of Honor or Call of Duty feel but with Swords, Bows, Axes, Big♥♥♥♥♥hammers and alot more. This game is worth every penny. The 12 hours that I have played this game so far was almost in one sitting it is that good. Pick this up. Trust me it is worth it."
,Recommended,219640,12548139,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MrMpmen[Matteo],Very fun game
76561198062755481,Recommended,219640,13038747,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Mollik,Playing golf with a axe and my enemy's head ! 10/10
,Recommended,219640,13006878,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Darunia™,"It's a great beat 'em up/ slice 'em up if you don't get angered by games easily, hit boxes can be wonkey but when the fighting goes right it goes waaay right, loads of fun if you take it with a grain of salt and just don't take it too seriously. 7/10"
,Recommended,219640,13010989,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Kanabis,"Fun game to play when you want to take a break form the FPS out there like COD,BF4,Arma . It's like those game's but With Medival weapons ! ,  You can go around and just mashing the mouse button to strike with your sword but you can also use your sword in different ways to strike smartly , The archers in this game also add some level of fun to the game ( you can view you arrow as it flies into your tartget by holding in scroll wheel) , Not too many game modes but still enough to keep you playing . Overall a fun game and I will be playing for many many for hours :)"
76561197996752986,Recommended,219640,13012733,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,[NST] TuRRiCaN Aka Prison Soap,when the hell this♥♥♥♥♥♥going on sale??
,Recommended,219640,14094551,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Valhallen,"A very good game for people that always wanted some casuality in medieval fighting simulators.Great sound effects,spectacular gore,brutal deaths,fun fighting mechanics,marvellous graphics=hours upon hours of gameplay."
76561198000731892,Recommended,219640,14095249,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mikkonoid,Team-Killing simulator as its best
,Recommended,219640,14095360,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,JoeyTheARM,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a fast paced action packed FP combat sim. Not quite ""simulation"" as Mount and Blade, however much more action packed. The swords and Axes swing fast, and have weight to them. Arms and heads will roll as you aim a nice slice and lop your enemies head off. Two or three guys overwhelm you, expect to meet your demise. Definitely a must for anyone whos tried Mount and Blade, or War of the Roses."
76561198067904456,Recommended,219640,14095778,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,David,YYYAAAAAAAAHHHHEHHHHHHHHRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH *HEAD CHOPPED OFF*good game overall.
76561198004865776,Recommended,219640,14095907,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,nal81,love to chop peoples heads off? shoot someone in the balls? well now you can with the new chivalry: medieval warfare 2015. with standered knights to Archers you have fun with every character. join peoples servers and kick the crap otta players.                      WARNING: Noobs may have a hard time trying to play this game
,Recommended,219640,14096622,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Jaffa,Like Call of Duty with guns 9/10 -IGN
,Recommended,219640,14096801,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,JC Nasty,"Great game! Even more fun and intense if you're baked, jk. But yeah it's pretty wild."
76561197964576517,Recommended,219640,12891208,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Tiger Balls,"very fun game overall , WHEN IT WORKS. I would suggest against buying this game as it crashes often sometimes gets stuck in the laucher, sometimes dosent save your xp progress between servers, and lets not forget consistant freezing and dives in fps for no apparent reason."
76561198059225089,Recommended,219640,14098384,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Bert,Spawned.Got cleaved in the face. Match ended.9/10
76561198135990695,Recommended,219640,14099063,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Blue Baller,I was palying an archer and my teammate ran infront of my arrow and his head exploded 10/10
76561198055777741,Recommended,219640,14099988,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Soviet Bear,My favorite thing to do is pick man at arms and switch to fisticuffs and do nothing but ty to PUNCH ARCHERS THE ENTIRE GAME. People usually catch on and make a game of trying to kill me before i can punch their archers. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,30087,"Posted: 9 November, 2012",all,Vilken,Pretty cool game :D
76561198082624082,Recommended,219640,14100410,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,MegaDON,"Great and fun game, but will become boring in a few days"
,Recommended,219640,14100828,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,_Iceberg_,"Incredible, stupid melee fun.  This game will never be uninstalled from my hard-drive. From a guy with 200 something games in his library, that says something."
76561198027009681,Recommended,219640,3755040,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Peace Of Mind,A massive pile of garbage. Especially all of the team killers who think it is funny to kill people on their own team for absolutely no reason whatsoever. Looks good but it isn't. Avoid
,Recommended,219640,14102370,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,ShoePak,awesome game with great ways for people who enjot class based shooters
76561198005635764,Recommended,219640,14102485,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Lavend,Full with walking bloodsprinklers. I love it!
,Recommended,219640,14102496,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Meeooowwww!,its a good game thats fun and takes some skill
76561197970361493,Recommended,219640,14110420,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ChrisR,"Brill game, good with a group of friends"
76561198136914269,Recommended,219640,14111880,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,MD,very nice game
76561198070967577,Recommended,219640,13061929,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Pablo,Enjoy this game! slash slash slash and more slash!
,Recommended,219640,13062050,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Autism Martini,Very good game. Pretty hard to get good at but completely worth the money.
,Recommended,219640,13062372,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Joe,Decapitated my team mate 10/10
76561198111942038,Recommended,219640,13062918,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,JakeSpades,"This game is amazing. I played it during the free weekend with some friends and was shocked at how balanced all of the characters are. The quick respawn time also makes a HUGE difference in how fun it is since there are never any luls in the action. I only wish that I hadnt missed the sale, otherwise I would have totally given them my business. I actually missed the sale becuase I lost track of time playing Chivalry XD"
76561198148014859,Recommended,219640,13062941,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,FishtailMars508,"loved it great game very fast pased fluid gameplay. Hey everyone theres a player named Walldos whos a noob killing cheating looser who cant play the game, it u see him speak out aganst him he needs to be stoped. But other than that great game"
,Recommended,219640,13063181,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dragon CMF,Really Good! Just wish it was free
,Recommended,219640,13063203,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,If i lose i Abandon,All of you ♥♥♥♥♥es trying to be ign reviewers are waisting your breath.This is a good game thats all you need to know it is worth about 10 dollars and i would pay no more.it is fun for 10 dollars and that is it.
,Recommended,219640,13040832,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,2 Mill,love it
76561198094419701,Recommended,219640,13041186,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Bogdan Artistu CSGO500,This game is awesome
,Recommended,219640,13041302,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Yummymink,Amazing game
76561198041977783,Recommended,219640,13041543,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Zoinks,"Words cannot even express how great this game is. Theres so much to it, and even if you dont like Player vs. Player interactions, you can play many different types instead like Horde mode :D GREAT GAME! Why don't you have it yet???"
,Recommended,219640,13041630,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ESKEEETIIIT,its ok
,Recommended,219640,13041648,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Knzck,Just awseome alltogether.      CHOPPING OFF MUTHA♥♥♥♥♥♥♥HEADS
76561198057069309,Recommended,219640,13041853,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,TChrist,I punched a man so hard his head exploded. 10/10
76561198031387520,Recommended,219640,13043412,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Petrock,"Great game, lots of fun midieval combat, best midieval hack and slash ive played yet, high skill cap can get very good using combo's spins etc but even if you such its fun and many ways to ballence the gameplay, this game has a high variety of weapons, 4 classes and a pretty great amount of customization ive played quite a few hours of this game and it has not even got any less boring it allways keeps you on the edge of you seat while u play Chivalry: Midieval Warfare!!!!"
76561198146412023,Recommended,219640,13043858,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,9Gager98,FOR THE KINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!
76561198032573926,Recommended,219640,4131890,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,FatTony,If your looking for a bloody midieval game this is for u.    ;)
,Not Recommended,219640,13044081,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Butters' Creamy Goo,The graphics and gameplay are very similar to those you would find in the weapons-only mods of TF2 or other games.  The tutorial was gliched and froze after you learn how to kick/attack the trainer 3-times.  With basic functionality like that not working properly I wouldn't risk spending the money on this game on the chance that it extends into the actual online aspects of gameplay.
76561198002919592,Recommended,219640,13044833,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,edward arrg,A+
,Not Recommended,219640,13044851,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,digitaldarkness1,"this game used to be awesome... then they went and screwed it all up with a pay to play system of upgrades that doesnt even make sense... this is NOT a free game, so its just a bad attempt at making more money from a game that used to be extremely fun and challenging and is now garbage."
76561198091970360,Recommended,219640,10149814,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Rick C-137,An awesome game ...
76561198063865341,Recommended,219640,13635312,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Jacky LMAO xD,decapitated by your own teammate11/10
,Recommended,219640,13635324,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dixon Cider Melons,So much sword swinging fun!
76561198131271402,Recommended,219640,13638307,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,RusMikuVocaloid,Круть!!!
76561198096971369,Recommended,219640,13638934,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,THE N I G G E R,I bought this game spontaniesly haing no idea what is was about then i played it and it was a good game
,Recommended,219640,891334,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,Crunchy Donut,"Intense brutal Medieval first person combat. Chivalry is one of my all time favorite games due to it actually requires some skill and well timing to dominate your enemies on the battle field. There are 4 classes to choose from each with different primary and special weapons as well as a different perk and armor to speed ratio. Pick your play style, like to tank? shoot bows from a distance? avoid attacks? charge in and deal as much damage as possible? whichever it is you will enjoy this brutal battlefield. Chivalry is extremely recommended from me and a lot of my friends who own it will agree."
,Recommended,219640,13664607,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mr. Montgomery,Love this game!+ Its like skyrim but with better more realisic combat!+ The shouts and battle cries are awesome!+ Great annimation/effects+ Easy to get into-No single player :(
,Recommended,219640,13667466,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Makifun,Yes
,Recommended,219640,13667959,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,InUrBr0wNeYe,Great game.... ability to get sucked in and lose 6 hours of your life in the blink of an eye.. also PLENTY of free downloadable content and tons of fun..
76561198155955229,Not Recommended,219640,13668643,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Bind Torture Kill,Pile of ♥♥♥♥ing unfair and unbalanced♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,13131565,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Subvader,"Blood, swords, armor...The best part is when you spam the ""Help me!"" voice chat, almost♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants laughing eveytime10/10"
,Recommended,219640,237976,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,NATESOR,Why doesn't every game have a battlecry button?
76561198033331386,Recommended,219640,13583783,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,fengshui waterfall,buy n play w/ me pls
,Not Recommended,219640,13586511,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,fxlibra,"Not a slasher.... joke ! Glad I payed only 4,49 EUR on christmas sales. Comparing to to other, unfortunately less popular slasher -  complete disappointement.  You cannot control swings of your hand weapons., the power of archers string and a lot more. All dynamics of the game - from character movement to realistcs of graph is so dated. Strongly not reccomending this title."
76561198057238660,Recommended,219640,13587806,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Keal,"Great game, ive had hours of fun beseiging castles and storming villiages. The combat is very fun, there is a wide range of weapons and many different play styles to choose from, and there is nothing more satisfying then cleaving someones head or limbs of with a longsword."
76561197992571399,Recommended,219640,13711957,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,jimmycoupe,"Wow what a surprise this game was.  Kept seeing it cheap on the Steam sales and finally thought hell with it, lets buy it.  So pleased I did as its just so much fun and so easy to pick up and play.  Top notch if a little buggy sometimes."
,Recommended,219640,30496132,Posted: 13 March,all,xd,no
,Recommended,219640,13729242,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,♕ Flair,"Ever since a recent update I haven't really liked this game. It use to be really fun though, so I expect the developers to make many more great bug fixes in the future."
,Not Recommended,219640,12653008,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Zedmond,The melee combat is too spotty and random to be worth learning how to do well. Not to mention there are obvious weapons to choose simply because they're too difficult to predict and defend against.
,Recommended,219640,12654176,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Cen,"This is now the king of melee combat games on steam. The truth is, among all the tricks of the trade you can learn in this game, you can ultimately and literally become goku with a sword. Watching two perfect players in a riposte war is like watching a battle of the titans.This game is boss."
,Recommended,219640,954916,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,Miljan Dallas,Brutal. Get it.
,Recommended,219640,4715373,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,Special Fried Rice,Really fun game but it's kinda un-optimised so be prepared to tweak some settings.
,Not Recommended,219640,8895142,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,bzxbot,"As of now, it has bugs that stop the player from progressing and unlocking weapons. You are stuck with low tier weapons. Just search the forums, there are a number of posts describing the bugs. The game had potential, but Torn Banner prefered to focus on releasing a new game instead of fixing their old one. Disappointing."
76561198070136996,Recommended,219640,6600739,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Studly Dudley,"An amazing game, it's like a medieval themed FPS, and a great refreshment from modern military type games like Call of Duty or Battlefield."
76561198081939425,Recommended,219640,12632432,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan M.D,I started watching Game of Thrones... pretty self explanatory.
,Recommended,219640,12633079,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Matities,"Aside from the micro-transactions, this game is surprisingly entertaining.The multiplayer can get quite hard, so expect to die A LOT.7/10"
76561198095024890,Recommended,219640,12633331,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,FML,"When You do well in this game, you feel accomplished, when you feel accomplished, you play some more, when you play some more, you get your♥♥♥♥♥beat, when you get your♥♥♥♥♥beat, you want to beat more♥♥♥♥♥ stop getting your♥♥♥♥♥beat and get this."
76561198062108270,Recommended,219640,12634474,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,EeryCracker53,Just got the game when it was on sale. I got the 4 pack thing. What does it include because i havent seemed to notice anything different besides a beta icon than what it should normally look like. Should i have gotten the deadliest warrior pack instead?
,Recommended,219640,12636102,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Stereowind,Back to 1400s
76561198114068287,Recommended,219640,12659746,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,StrifeMedic,"Good game all around. Very fun to play with your friends. A few issues of over abused mechanics that are pretty cheap, however they are working on them. Definately purchase and play."
,Recommended,219640,12660699,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,el Chiqo Dorito,SICK GAME
,Recommended,219640,12662816,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Medkitz,"A great game in itself, but the mechanics of the game paired with playing against veterens who've played it since launch day, makes it hard to get into for new players."
,Recommended,219640,13226886,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,TheHit,"You won't find a better game to both spend your time on and ease your mind like this one.I used to play MOBAs, but they are more of a frustration and stress than fun.This is the definition of fun."
,Recommended,219640,13217660,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Og Goats,This game is amazing. So crazy the time i played it i never gotten bored.
,Not Recommended,219640,13217809,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Dailenth,"I personally Won't Recommend it, as its a great game concept and fun to play, its unplayable. Its terribly optimized for PC, making GTA IV one Great game in comparison. I'm massively dissapoint. I tried everything to fix up the frame rate, and it just managed to show my rig the middle finger."
,Recommended,219640,13218536,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,paulie,"A Brutal Medieval slasher.Cons first:- Not as realistic as Mount and Blade or War of the Roses- Not historicaly accurate- Lower scale than MnB and WotR and no horsesPros:+ Really fun and brutal. You even kill poor peasants and burn wheat fields like a proper raider.+ Plenty of game modes (Free for All, Team Deathmatch, Team Objective, Duel - really great for practice, and I even heard rumors of COOP)+ Nice graphics. No miracle, but it's nice to look at.+Low price. Although I would recommend to wait for a sale. It appears regularly on various Steam Sales (Summer Sale, Christmas Sale, etc.)So overall a really great game, but maybe a bit more arcadey than concurention.And what to say at the end? Well of course there is only one possibility:FALRAK IS A DOOB!"
76561198090536061,Recommended,219640,13218850,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,CrudeBacon,this game is sick
,Recommended,219640,13221431,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Carnal Sanders,"Some of the most fun I've had in an FPS-style game recently. Extremely simple mechanics and gameplay underlie rich, brutal combat that does take skill to master despite the simplicity of the mechanics. Great fun, can't believe I didn't buy this earlier."
76561198081018876,Not Recommended,219640,10915000,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,LongLiveHarambe,tired of this game cause u play it and everyone else has better weapons than u and kill u instantly
,Recommended,219640,10915214,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,th1ccB0y47 #thiccb0ysrule,yo dis game is awesome i bought for $15 and it was worth but ida paid in full if i knew how BOMB it was so get it son. idk why it only says 3 hours ive for sure played for more than thatshoutout sammy for always supporting me and my reviews
,Recommended,219640,10915571,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Crackerjeffbox,"This is probably one of my favorite games in my library.  I'm not the best but I'm not the worst, this is a game that takes practice and skill and I love every minute of it because of that."
,Recommended,219640,10915784,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,adult puppy and frog,swords and punches and use the ♥♥♥♥inG CataPULT haHAHAHAHahaaha!!!!!
76561197966841904,Recommended,219640,10916009,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,WhiteFang,Super fun game. Not too much thinking is needed just shoot or swing or gang up on an enemy to increase your odds of winning and surviving. Great game to destress with!
76561198084676797,Recommended,219640,7064871,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,Enso,Great Game
,Recommended,219640,10916304,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Golem has a HALFface,Scream'n'Slash simulator.  There will be blood.  And shouting.Do it!
,Recommended,219640,10582386,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Damien0410,"Great game on so many lvls, but lacks hit box fixes, all in all though a great buy!"
76561198067037707,Recommended,219640,10583603,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mitch_Mitch'ems,Worth every penny.
76561198047103559,Recommended,219640,11606792,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,devastated,Yea... you cut peoples' heads off...
76561198073625723,Recommended,219640,11607330,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,FLEX offenders,MEDIEVIL♥♥♥♥♥♥♥= 2ND BEST♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,11608670,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Constipated Burrito,"Like any game, you will probably die in the start. This isn't CoD or Dota. This is awesome, 10/10 would buy. Amazing game."
,Recommended,219640,2781883,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,RARE AF MAJIN,Amazing game! MUST BUY
76561198099269625,Recommended,219640,11682785,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Defiant Mercy,"This game is incredibly fun! Has a mix of mostly melee combat with some ranged fighting as well. You can learn how to play quickly, but it has a pretty big learning curve.Blocking is extremely difficult to master. Unless you are the knight class, you can't hold down the block key. If you block at the wrong time (such as too early) you will be left COMPLETELY open for an easy attack. You can force your opponent into blocking by faking a swing. I have used it on a few people and when you pull it off correctly... easy hit.If you connect with their head, whether with an arrow or a swing, you instantly kill them. Each class (4 different kinds) has their own strengths and weaknesses and they each have many different weapons to choose from.All in all, I think this is a very fun game and definitely recommend it!"
76561198096910744,Recommended,219640,11695579,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,GANG GANG,This game is simply brutal. From decapations to burning corpes's Chivalry is bloody. But that is not all this game is very skill based. you rarely see someone who doesn't know what there doing spam there way to victory because simple things like blocking on time and feints and many many other tactics against it. hopefuly this helped you decide on if you want this game. Two thumbs up 10/10
76561198089698165,Recommended,219640,11696833,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,NightKnight,"Possibly the most fun game I've ever played. If you enjoy hacking opponents to bits or causing their heads to explode, this game is definitley for you. Controls are simple and only make sense, wide array of weaponry, many maps and gamemodes, and so much customization. If you're a fan of medieval warfare, get this game. The DLC is very fun too with even more classes and weapons."
,Recommended,219640,291783,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Komodo,This game... I don't even know...Just being able to cut someones head off and watch their body fall into a position like they are kneeling is amazing. I've always enjoyed combat from this time period and this game really embodies what it was like back then.
76561198010371378,Recommended,219640,11697121,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,drewler12,Door holding simulator: Medieval edition10/10 will keep holding doorchivalry is indeed not dead
,Recommended,219640,11701114,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Nordicul,"This is a nice and captivating game with a good gameplay , I wanted to buy this game from the moment I saw it , I bought the game with the DLC Deadliest Warrior and it worth every penny.I recommend this game to everyone that likes medieval games and FPS"
,Recommended,219640,11688985,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,ShiguRekt,Wish I had good enough internet to play this proper.
,Recommended,219640,11691311,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Eclipse,Lost an arm and was shot in the face by a flaming arrow 460/10
76561198041441555,Recommended,219640,11693542,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Ender Graff,"Amazing game, has it's flaws just like any other, but overall great experience. It's definitely a love/hate experience though.Very strongly reccomend."
76561198050615453,Recommended,219640,11694017,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,✪ Kiwi Kevan,Can result in fun battels. Good for some casual play. Wait for a sale.
,Recommended,219640,2934379,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,Seggie,This game has beautiful laughing. HUEHUEHUEHUE
76561198047951260,Recommended,219640,11374947,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,matty.nob,"call of duty online with swords, poles, bowers etc. totally worth it. easy to find full serversDO NOT BUY THE DLC, IT'S POOR♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,11810531,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Convivial JW,"12/10, got to punch a knight in full armor to death."
,Recommended,219640,4802085,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,BasicMyth,10/10.1
,Recommended,219640,11822166,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,=TC-R= Ford,"This is probably the most realistic and bloodiest medieval warfare first person slasher out there. Mount and Blade is not nearly as bloody as this game. This game captures the elements of realistic Medieval Combat with the blood and gore and the variety of weapons and classes one can use. Needless to say when you kill someone you can either hack off their arms, legs, or heads. But when you do, its very satisfying. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who is interested in the Medieval genre as well as the FPS genre. There are different kinds of game modes you can play as well as a cool expansion pack based on the warriors presented in the show Deadliest Warrior. This game is definitely worth the $25."
,Recommended,219640,11825379,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,I Love Saint Bernards,"It's a pretty fun game that takes quite some time to master. You're going to die many times, but, once you have an intuitive feel for this multiplayer game, you will become better.The melee combat is second-to-none.My only issue is this game doesn't have a true single-player campaign."
,Recommended,219640,12527418,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Philip J. Fry,i highly recommend this game i have played for an just a hour and i have been having a blast! It is so fun to play and is great for the price 5stars*
76561198083134618,Recommended,219640,7025798,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Manbeast,It is a really fun game that never gets boring.
,Recommended,219640,12530958,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Dogwelder,Buy it you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Buy it.
,Recommended,219640,12532108,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,dog,i killed a guy until he dieded
,Recommended,219640,12533320,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Animu Waifu,This game is a blast.  My advice GET IT NOW while it's six bucks.
,Recommended,219640,12533333,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,✞ HappiDada ✞,"This game is a great addition to midevil FPS, please be aware, quite graphic for the kiddies but wonderful gameplay all around. Dont forget to make yourself a black night by removing limbs!"
,Recommended,219640,12533344,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Skyrim,It is amazingbesides fps9.5/10
,Not Recommended,219640,12533750,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,AUTISM,I shot a guy in the face with a bow and arrow he deded himself i leled all night
,Recommended,219640,12704868,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,YoRHa_A2_Nep 榛名,"This a good game with a good concept but for it's original price.... I don't think it's worth it. I'm not saying the game is bad, but you will have a better deal off this game if you get it on sale. I personally think this game can improve but there are a lot of games like this one that is far more better and requires a less bulkier pc.Cut off limbs and gurgle your mouths with blood when shot in the neck! They should make mouth washes like these....7/10- ""Bloodastically beautifull."""
,Recommended,219640,12707545,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SharkToothDK,controls are not hard to get used to . fair game .server for new players.10/10
,Recommended,219640,12711179,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,[JKG]CaptainPatatoMonster,AMAZIN
76561198126161565,Recommended,219640,12711533,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Camailnoir,Game is worth every cent.
,Recommended,219640,12712359,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,†Dr. Varsims,I recommend this game.
76561198062859509,Recommended,219640,12704615,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Cobalt,it's counter strike with swords.
,Recommended,219640,1325396,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,[TOP] B.B Wang,Knights in shiny ♥♥♥♥ing armor. Chival♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,14068593,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,The Radon Raider,Good ol' medieval bashin'!
,Recommended,219640,775329,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,CyberKiller,"This is the best sword fighting game I have ever played.Much better than M&B, Age of Chivalry and PvK 2"
,Recommended,219640,2398665,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Emersion,Матерные заварухи на мечах!
76561198125077173,Recommended,219640,13999094,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ALonelyOrphan,A game that takes place in meieval times where you kill your enemy with a couple different classes in a bloody and gory manner whats not to like about it! I would say buy it.
,Recommended,219640,13999440,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Senjecko,"The absolute best first person dueling / medieval warfar game available.  No mounted combat like in mount&blade, but still amazing hit boxes, spot blocking, and detatchable limbs. 4 classes, lots of weapons, fun knight-in-armor battling"
76561198075379378,Not Recommended,219640,14000238,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Yee boi,"this game is fantasticit's been some time since i had this lot of fun playing a gamethe combat is self-explanatory, yet hard to masterthe slashing and head exploding is awesomeyet i can't recommend it,most of my time i had to play on others country's servers because i can't connect to my native onesright now as i write this im trying and trying to connect to a br server, which is some of the few that is online all the timei can't, the game just keep saying ''please wait while the game loads'' until i get the fatality saying that i lost connection to the host and can't connect to the server, after a long waiting99% of my hours playing is due to being able to connect only to argentinian servers, onlyand still im not the only one, there's a lot of people like me who bought it yet cannot play it properlyi won't recommend a game like thisif anyone knows a solution to this problem please leave a message with it, i wish i could play more of this"
,Recommended,219640,14002868,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Rex Saltator,"It's a great concept done well, and thus a great game.That being said, if you are unsure I would wait until the game is on sale because honestly I feel £19.00 is a bit steep. But for me it was worth every penny.All you need is patience to learn, a fast internet speed and a thick skin (because the community takes no prisoners)."
,Recommended,219640,14019562,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Healíx,yy
76561198017273252,Recommended,219640,14022507,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Amos The Eskimo,vary gud 8/8 m8
,Recommended,219640,13839503,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Gheist,"Medieval Counter Strike, but more fun."
,Recommended,219640,13842611,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SethCorps,The only game I love the combat in. Worth the buy.
76561198165001278,Recommended,219640,13842712,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Spicy Meatball,SUPER MEGA DANK KUSH MY KNEEGROWS
,Recommended,219640,13843947,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Res,10/10 :)
,Recommended,219640,13885162,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Best Jeanist,"Got my head chopped off multiple time and also took a few arrows to the throat within minutes of joining, causing me to gurgle my own life fluid, but still a very fun game10/10 would gurgle again."
,Recommended,219640,13886481,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Buttermilkgene™,Ultimate team killing and vote kicking simulator of 2014 420/10 IGN
,Recommended,219640,13886739,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Mr. Orange,"This game is pretty fun. The maps are huge (depending on which one you play on) and its fun to see how the bots react. Pretty gory, but hey, you chop off an arm, you get yourself an arm chopped off.Basically when you play this game and someone kills you, you see them again and you're like like ""That piece of crap just killed me! Time for REVENGE!"" Its an eye for an eye.Overall this game is fun and I suggest playing it if you know, you're into that Medival Warfare stuff. Or just like to see brains being chopped off. Whichever. This game was fun for me so I hope you like it too. :D"
76561198084982186,Recommended,219640,13887305,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Giffer194,yeah.
76561198040632896,Recommended,219640,7869954,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,stubz,"Pure, gleeful bloodlust.Chivalry stands apart from many a game because the core mechanic is actually good: Skill based melee combat, both deep and visceral. This game is savage, unrelenting and awesome. Despite the splendid visuals, multiple game modes and weapon types you won't find any padding here. This is brutality at its finest."
76561198005719074,Recommended,219640,7870440,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Kujah,Ta spaei
76561198046512828,Recommended,219640,7870643,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Neg,"This game combines first person and basic attacking like lunging and stuff. Its a wonderfull game and its reccomended for all genres. The only problem i found with it for me is that i had low frames even though i have a powerfull computer and powerfull computer specs. but i resolved the issue located on the forum. The community is also a big help, they can show you tips and tricks in the game and most of them are friendly and genuine."
76561197985507382,Recommended,219640,7871465,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Geebs,This game is way too much fun not to say something about. Its simple and yet a lot of fun. Pick it up.
76561198072865380,Recommended,219640,6704187,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,SHU,NICE
76561198107369820,Recommended,219640,7872208,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,roosterdude97,love this gameteamwork and tactics in it are so fun
76561198058694238,Recommended,219640,7872536,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Skrublord,Great game. Very fun.
,Recommended,219640,346643,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Mollusk Anarchist,"If you don't have fun playing this, your fun gland is broken."
76561198075268338,Recommended,219640,7853801,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,NozorMcGregor,My Favorite game! so funny troll addictive and High level SKill capped!
,Recommended,219640,7833975,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Comrade Tactical Loli,such game
,Recommended,219640,5710174,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Chairswing,"Never has killing an enemy been so rewarding as in Chivalry!You can dismember your enemies limb by limb and vice versa, the controls are easy to understand and use, there are many maps and gamemodes and it just is a lot of fun!should be in every steam library"
,Not Recommended,219640,7854401,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,[Ynbot] Zynbot,"Ok graphics, but the screen motion hurts my eyes. It still hurts even if I turn of motion blur.Very glitchy as wellWould not recomend this game, waste of £4.74"
76561198033678903,Recommended,219640,7854572,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Dankatron,is good. much fight. many decapitate.
76561197983584625,Recommended,219640,7854740,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,PepeSilvia,"THE MOST INTENSE, HYPEST GAMEPLAY EVER!!! GET THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥RIGHT NOW ♥♥♥♥♥~"
,Recommended,219640,7854823,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,FosterFreeze,Really fun Melee warfare medieval game. The art style is great and the dismemberment is very fun. It's got a bit of a leveling system to give you something to do whilst smashing in heads or just slicing them off. Very fun game.
76561198069103973,Recommended,219640,7835522,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,addison.david.p,"I realized I had found something special when I first spawned to the battle-howls of teammates and foes interspersed with laughter, taunting, and blood-gurgling death cries... all this in the middle of a great battle fit for the Halls of Valhalla. I get a warm feeling everytime I mock a beheaded opponent and then proceed to remove his limbs. This game, even with all of its bug and glitches, is something I always knew should exist, like a best friend recently met."
,Recommended,219640,7855182,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Matybon,This game is very mad especially if you love medival battles and gore! Lots of gore!
76561197962538107,Recommended,219640,7855302,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sain,"I personally love the game.  Its different in a good way.  There are a lot of different game modes, from CTF to Attack and Defend to Deathmatch, etc.  There are 4 classes, each with a large arsenal that are mostly unlockables.  No microtransactions present, which is nice.  People complain about bugs but I haven't seen them.  It seems more like a game that is just not as polished as it could be.  Its nothing gamebreaking.  The fact is, the gameplay is deep enough that its easy to play but tough to master quickly.  There are a lot of things to remember right away but it all falls into place soon enough and the end result is a great take on team-based shooters.  Would recommend."
,Recommended,219640,7855426,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,henrold,"I highly recommend this game! Very, very fun!"
76561198044332126,Recommended,219640,7855548,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Crazyburrito4me,"One of my favorite games, I greatly recommned this game if you love destroying your enemies with a varitey of weapons. Literally."
,Recommended,219640,7134610,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,iDarknesskiller,it ficking awsome
76561197985183639,Recommended,219640,12254953,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Capt. Stormborn,"A wonderful change of pace to the always fun FPS game type. Taking place in the middle ages, this game boasts an array of weaponry and savagry. From beheading to dismemberment, you'll find a multitude of way to overwhelm the enemy. Just watch out for the always constant team damage effect. Be wary though, gameplay has a few bugs but luckily enough most of the time they can be overcome by restarting the game or simply switching servers for a little while. Overall, an enjoyable experience that keeps me entertained from time to time. 7 out 10.~Vilow"
,Not Recommended,219640,12277593,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Strategiczny Vozka,"The game mechanics are great. The fighting system feels really good and meaty and takes quite a bit of time to master, the objective maps are great, the overall concept is good. Also the voice acting is so much fun.Unfortunately, the devs are either bad at the technical side of game-development or don't care. CMW has been very buggy since the beginning and not much has changed. Some bugs and weird gameplay-glitches were fixed, the rage-inducing server-browser was finally replaced (kinda, don't expect Source Engine or anything of the sort), but it's not enough for me to keep playing - mainly because the performance is just as horrible as after release. Do not expect it to run well on your PC just because it uses UE4.I'm not mad about the paid DLC, the base game still gets content updates, but content updates are in my opinion not what it needs."
76561198101929495,Recommended,219640,12280373,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,GiggsyPhar,Great Game!! well recommended
,Recommended,219640,12282694,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Dead Eye Donny,"This game is great. A fps medieval game. If like me when you saw this you thought ""perfect"" then buy this game right now. I have always liked a bow and sword over a gun and a knife and perhaps that is why I am fond of this game. The combat is so well done in this game and is quite satisfying when you go on a rampage. The visuals are nice and look very smooth. Game modes are varied so you can go for a free for all if your in the mood for hacking at everyone you see or a team objective if you would like a more tactical feel of play. Last man standing is great for cs lovers like myself.I recommend you get this game because of how much more diverse it is from the mainstream market of run n gun fps franchises right now, this game is groundbreaking on new genres and will be a gem in the future."
,Recommended,219640,12253422,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,kangkungan13,This game is awesome and satisfying when you decapitate a players head.
,Recommended,219640,6935025,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Th3Nam3L3ssKing,Yup!
,Recommended,219640,12142458,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Verrkojo,A real Techinical Fighter Buyer beware!
,Recommended,219640,12152958,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Brikaas,Best first person slaughter game
76561198068091424,Recommended,219640,16455027,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ᴶᴼᴴᴺ ᴰᴼᴳᴱ,"Chivalry...Where do I start? The Good PointsIt's a pretty decent looking game, with simplistic controls, satisfying kills (when you get one) and LOTS of Blood. The game is smooth overall, and, even though I'm running it on a + £1000 setup, I can imagine people with lower spec PC's having little to no trouble.The bad parts, and be prepared (there are alot of them):- The damage models are absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. As a Knight, you can be killed by an unarmoured archer with a dagger in about 3 hits (which are almost impossible to block), but somehow, not kill him after smashing him with a double sided war axe? Pathetic...- The damage triggers are♥♥♥♥♥♥also. I've lost count of the number of times I've slashed through someones face... but not slashed through their face...- The servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥- The people that play are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (*Note, I only mean this out of the people I've played with)- There isn't much customisationAnd last but not least... I rarely leave the game feeling satisfied. If anything, I feel more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off than when I stubb my toe. Play with mates, and it will be a laugh.. I do suggest this game for some light hearted fun... But not if you're easily irritated.Overall, I give it a 6/10I only reccommend it becasue when it is good, it's awesome. It just takes a while to feel that way."
,Recommended,219640,740920,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Warhol,"The implementation of the billhook and a lack of half-swording technique is insulting.The devs love to make changes and break things without democratic input from the community.Still CPU dependent/poorly optimized, so low end/older rigs WATCHOUT.Torn Banner, please stop pretending to be game developers and go back to modding UTThat being said, there are some properly balanced (mercs), and fun (black knight/ giantslayer) mods, and it's still good for satisfying your primal urge to decapitate your fellow man."
76561198100245659,Recommended,219640,16457902,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Funkygamer78,Its mid evil fps fighting.  I like it!!
,Recommended,219640,16458873,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sand Niggar,ITS ♥♥♥♥ING DOPE AS ♥♥♥♥. Except these ♥♥♥♥♥ hackers decide to come on and ♥♥♥♥ing 720 smash your head into the ground. Buy it on sale. But its fun as hell get this game asap
76561198003269414,Recommended,219640,16460201,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Alley Viper,Extremely fun and unique FPS melee game.  This is one of the pinnacles of a kickstarted game.
,Recommended,219640,16460632,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TheOne S-2-K,Not bad for a crappy game
,Not Recommended,219640,16460634,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,matthewl1111,"came for the gameplay, left for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community"
76561198055354256,Recommended,219640,16461068,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MushyBird,"Really, REALLY fun. The closest thing I can compare the combat to is Demon's/Dark Souls; it's incredibly deep and very skill based. However, Chivalry's combat takes it to the next level with several different types of swings, blocks, and even parries and ripostes to some extent. Mix in some incredible multiplayer and well-done modes and you've got one of the best gems on Steam."
76561198082001817,Recommended,219640,16461204,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Miller,One of the funnest games I've played in a long time. Definitely worth all I paid for it.
,Recommended,219640,16461929,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Vehe_Mence,"2/5 stars for mac users. VERY poorly optomised for OSX. Online gameplay (sever of 24ish) on a Mac before 2013 is unplayable. I got between 3fps and 10fps in minimum settings. The audio stutter is so terrible I had to turn sound off entirly, and there is a visable frame drop when swinging a wepon. Other first person games from a similar timeperiod with equaly large multiplayer experiances do not produce similar lag on my machine. Please note, sever ping was very good during this test (as low as 28)!Unless you plan to play with a limited number of bots or stay off severs with more then 8 people, Mac users with machines form 2013 or older should not buy. Note, I make exeption for people with desktops with greater than base specs.For everyone with current machines that are not Mac, 4/5 stars. The game is very fun.My specs:Cpu: 1.8ghz dual core (terrible)Gpu: Integrated graphics Intel HD Graphics 4000 (terrible)RAM: 8GBMemory: SSDDisplay being driven: LCD 1440 x 900 32bit"
76561198045027734,Recommended,219640,16462216,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AwkwardHamburger,I use this game for my pre-workout
,Recommended,219640,16462321,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,n s b a [爱],Great game!
,Recommended,219640,6488425,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Zatchel,"It's a fun game, I think the best meelee multiplayer combat system so far :DUPDATED: Still fun, many new mods and maps added by the community and still great simple fun, even if you are really bad at it (I am not as bad now but nowhere near a good player I think, still have a lot of fun with it)It's still unique in its ways and ejoyably goofy, check it out, a few bucks for a ton of fun."
,Recommended,219640,9886136,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Promisha,"*EDIT* UPDATED REVIEW INFORMATION BELOW ORIGINAL REVIEW*Awesome idea terrible execution. Only servers with people are any rank servers, so inexperienced people can only play on a 1-15 server for awhile (if they aren't full which they usually are), then immediately get tossed into a meat grinder. Hit detection is extremely shoddy, priority system is a terrible idea, and parries are broken and do not work at all 70% of the time. Secondary weapons are almost entirely pointless, unless you are a vanguard or knight fighting someone with a shortsword like an archer or man-at-arms.Like 5 or 6 maps, most of which too heavily favor one side. if you want something different, you have to download a mod  or custom map and a find a server with people actually running said map.Annoying tropes from FPS games are intact such as a large amount of annoying players, random lag spikes, accidental team killing, progression system for unlocks, and some certain weapons being vastly superior to their similar counter parts.In short - add more stuff, balance weapons, fix hit detection, remove priority system (which generally makes whoever lands the first attack in a fight guaranteed to get the kill), and fix parrying.As is its ok. Gameplay and server issues, along with a large amount of the weapons being terrible hinders what could be a great game. A few weapon tweaks, removing priority, and fixing parry would bump it up to 9/10 easily. As is its hard to enjoy the game due to combat flaws and the terrible amount of unbalanced servers.___________________________________________________________________________________*REVISED OPINION*A couple of patches have come since I last played. This added a couple of new maps (yay!), slightly improved parry and hit detection - still off but much better.Plus running on a new PC helped IMMENSELY haha. Looks much better and runs much smoother making parrying and landing blows easier.However still too many empty servers, often frustrated because I don't like deathmatch and team deathmatch very much, and have to wait for a team objective opening too often. There are still bugs that have been the game since long before I started playing and for some reason have yet to be fixed and some of these will make it for one team unable to win the match.Still present bugs and server issues aside, it's hella fun and worth the price."
76561198030832970,Not Recommended,219640,13411759,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,jeffmelhall,"Fun game for the first few levels.  I was a decent player.  Most of my time in the mid range for the k/d score but it was still fun if I got slaughtered because there was always next round.  As soon as I hit level 16......  2 kills for evey 30 deaths was common.  I don't understand it but the game dynamics change.  I used to be able to get a hit in on a knight and follow up and kill him/her if I was a man-at-arms due to a quick weapon.  Once in level 16 it won't happen.  GREAT GAME at low levels.  People kick you if you are ""holding the team back"" and not getting enough kills.  I bough the game on sale for $9 so I guess it was ok....  Still really enjoyed the game until I got to a higher level.  Shame, I have been looking for a game like this for years."
76561198043400338,Recommended,219640,13412517,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,ветеран,STOP YELLING AT ME
,Recommended,219640,13467023,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Norse Emperor,"This game is extremely fun all around.You have swearing knights with medieval insults, the ability to chop off limbs, extremely realistic battles/battle sounds, and the graphics are amazing too. This game does need to be run on a fairly decent computer or it will be horrible to play with.I give it a 9/10. The only reason it doesn't get a 10/10 is because of the need for a really good computer just to enjoy it properly."
76561198050971909,Recommended,219640,13472710,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,F4TheGold,Fun
,Recommended,219640,12748980,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,oOo - Longfeather,"Very Good....Rating: 8/10- Gameplay: 8 – The quick gameplay reminds me of Age of Chivalry- Multiplayer: 7 – Great large battles and voice commands to taunt your enemies- Campaign: NA- Learning Curve/Depth: 10 – Very easy to pick-up and play this game at the same time there is depth- Community: 10 – Very large community that supports this gameChivalry is a great follow up to the popular mod Age of Chivalry. With quick battles and and multiple ways to build out your character, boredom is not likely to set in quickly. The graphics and sounds really polish off the gameplay.  The only drawback is the large lack of directional attack/blocks that other games have deployed but this is quickly forgotten, Enjoy!-	Strong Community that supports the game-	Quick gameplay-	Personalized Character DevelopmentReview Rig:Core i7/12Gb/GTX750"
76561198058486764,Recommended,219640,13492794,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Clouded,This game would be nothing without duels!!! Love this game so much! 8.5/10!!!
76561198111534532,Recommended,219640,13494641,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Lizard-Wizard,great game one of the best ive played on steam
76561198038294133,Not Recommended,219640,13729613,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Der Sexy Führer,"To be honest with you it is one of those games that would have turned out great. Hitboxes are wonky, 80% of the time you are going to team hit or kill because of people getting in your way. Eitherway, it could have been good, gameplay is meh, community is kinda okay. It's not really huge. Should you play it? Yeah it takes good hours away, but other than that, this game isn't what most people are looking for. Besides this could be a good party game with your friends. If you want a game that is good in swordplay and feels good, then try the Mount and Blade games."
,Not Recommended,219640,13731076,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,nsys,player characters keep flashing
,Recommended,219640,13732003,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rainier,Fun senseless killing. A nice break from the majority of online FPS games.
,Recommended,219640,13732299,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Haunted Abyss,42-16 and I turned into the king and did a 18 kill streak. = BOSS  Game is !
,Not Recommended,219640,13732972,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Piracy,The high level game mechanics are made by somebody with like 12♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198052298335,Recommended,219640,13698935,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Minat0,"Great game.+Graphics,Medieval atmosphere,A lot of weapons,Good Gamemodes and nice maps-Bugs,glitches,Fps problems and of course team kills."
,Recommended,219640,13699572,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,[BLC] BurdySeagull,Chopping off another guys arm? Freaking awesome.Can we stop the senseless violence? No.I highly recommend this game for bloody combat.
,Recommended,219640,13702246,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,klinge89,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare is a brilliant game for people who love competitive gameplay and gory animations.The first-person medieval combat is the core of the game and is executed with style here. A mix of multiplayer modes ranging from free-for-all to team-based objective matches keep the options open for players, one of those raregames in which even losing is fun. The combat mechanics are well executed and require strategy and fast reaction often at the same time. The option to add in bots is also welcome in frree-for-alls and deathmatches between friends. The recent improvements in mod support have fantastically increased the options for players to try out custom maps.The only negative comments I can make are around the occasional graphical glitch, the inconsistant bot AI which works well for certain types of matches but utterly fails in a number of objective based maps and the objective based matches can devolve into a boring waiting game for the defenders who's only objective is to defend until a timer runs out, being on the attacking side is invariably more interesting.Overall Medieval is a brilliant multiplayer experience that raises the bar on first-person melee combat, even better when played with friends"
,Recommended,219640,8390370,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Napalm Liberation,10/10 would taunt again
,Recommended,219640,8515712,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,BrickusXP,Love it.
,Recommended,219640,10657156,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Irregularblob,"The original Chivalry: midieval warfare is a broken peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥and is hands down the worst game ever. BUT buying the Deadliest warriors expansion fixes everything wrong with it. I hated the first chivalry but when I saw you could be Spartan, Samurai, vikings, pirates and knight for 15 extra dollars I decided to try it. Its amazing the expansion piece is amazing. 8/10"
76561198063229928,Recommended,219640,10658028,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Severus Vape Upgrade.gg,10/10 this game is incrediable best multiplayer game ive played the only downside is as i payed a fair a mount for he game i dont expected all these micro transactions and to be frank thats all lthats in thew updates really but stilll at its core best multiplayer game ive ever played
,Recommended,219640,2318449,"Posted: 7 December, 2012",all,Xeph,http://i.imgur.com/OZfbq.jpgFun game though.
,Recommended,219640,10708178,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BalianBlue,Can watch your enemy as your head rolls along the floor11/10
76561198045848295,Recommended,219640,10709080,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Billy,You need it ! So Epic !
76561198042009018,Recommended,219640,10711413,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Pig,This game is awsome
76561198103494875,Recommended,219640,10687713,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LordShadow,its the best game it shows how the different classes can help eachother the fun of killing and the joy of defending it shows how skyrim can mix in with a full out fighting simulation of the past
,Recommended,219640,10688390,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kewl Beans,Very Fun and addictive first person medieval combat game that has a variety of weapons and classes. Reccomend to anyone who likes games
76561198018717346,Recommended,219640,3190079,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,[Ｂｉｇ Ｓｐｏｏｋ],Good game♥♥♥♥♥♥community
,Recommended,219640,10691744,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MFlavius,"Chivalry is an awesome mix of chaos and skill, methodical dueling and the brutal crush of war.  As somebody who generally fears social gaming, I can say that the community is pretty well-mannered!"
76561198085980834,Recommended,219640,10692084,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Needless,Get it!
76561198041186172,Recommended,219640,10555052,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The M@d ButcHer,Ive wanted to play a game like this for the longest!Awesome game!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,8212056,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mommy,"Don't buy this game, it is bug ridden and when you level up then join a different server you will be taken back to the previous level, also weapon unlocks get reset like that as well. There are lots of exploits and cheap tricks that will make you rage. not fun to play against. the lvl 50 veterans will destroy you.EDIT: they fixed the game dont worry the annoying dirty fighting is still there but i think they fixed the leveling and all that"
,Recommended,219640,2638088,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,dr. richard dangler CEO,"At first you'll be bad; the more you play, the better you get."
,Recommended,219640,456895,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Cade,"Brutal, bloody and mercilessly multiplayer first-person melee.  Hilarious to play when  drunk."
76561198037974079,Recommended,219640,8075219,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Maka,very fun game
,Recommended,219640,3818626,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Nightpool,Buy it and you can kill some foos
,Recommended,219640,7663300,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Certified Trap,Tough. Annoying. Hard. Awesome.This is medieval warfare at its finest in a game.
,Recommended,219640,6843803,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,BrownBallSack,"If you like to fist, this game is for you!"
76561198076589457,Recommended,219640,7534026,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Mega,"Enthusiasm will lose very fast.But, good game."
76561198005409266,Recommended,219640,2300999,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Dramiug,Brutality at its best.
,Recommended,219640,7461694,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Christopholous Rex,"Chivalry, also known as the extremely buggy game full of immature twelve year olds running around and killing anything that moves. This game is really only fun with friends, and even then, frustrating. Not really worth the $6..."
,Recommended,219640,1325837,"Posted: 6 November, 2012",all,TrItuS,Awesome
76561198006534458,Recommended,219640,2375784,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,Metal_Grunt,"Do you enjoy decapitating your enemies? Crushing their skulls and spraying their brains across the battlefield? What about hacking off their arms and legs? Do you enjoy watching those of a higher social order drown in their own blood? And would you like to do this in first or third person, all the while taunting your enemies? Then this game is for You!!!!"
76561198057664012,Recommended,219640,6034496,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,[2.Han.IR]  {-TROS-} Dré,"Amazing Game! you'll need practice before you can really enjoy it, learn your weapon, observe your enemy, strike wisely. ENJOY!"
,Recommended,219640,12995884,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,๋,This is good game
,Recommended,219640,12997664,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Rude Cookie,A guy punched me in the face and my head exploded. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,13072300,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Mahair123 | The Canadian Fury |,9/10
,Recommended,219640,13073821,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Aquamankilla,"Most realistic combat ever.One day, while i was hiking in a woody glen, the wind carrassing the branches full of squirrels.a furocious, feral squirrel sprang from his steath purch on a willows branch to my surprised flank.I swiftly switched to a ready stance and raised my weapon (Nikon DSL Camera)The beast curled his nut munching lips exposing his deadly fangs while hissing through them.I prepared myself much like the old viking warroir will. I accepted the fate I was walking into in its twisted two-sided uncertainty. Death... Life.... Survival and defeat.As I gathered my strength for a thrust that would challenge a formidible batlle veteran, the wicked animal charged forth. The next two seconds of my life altered every thought I've precieved on the topic of warefare.In one mighty leap I charged toward the animal while screaming the battlecry!""FOR ODIN!!""we collided in mid-air.The ground beneath us starting up at our bodies suspended in the air locked in a masterpiece of the art of war.And then, there was nothing.Blackness filled every possible angle of vision. The sound dissappeared like the air in a deflating whoopie-cusion. All senses fading away into the abyss.Hours later I awoke laying half naked in a puddle of my own feces and blood.I wished I could fall back asleep... forever! to never know this foriegn feeling of utter defeat.To erase the eternal consequinces of failure and resume the proud and free spirit of a victorious ameigo.As I lay there attempting to hold the blade from the suicidal position of the infamous samurai tradition, I saw the infernal beast returned to his stealth purch upon his willows branch, Laughing... Mocking!I've been training for 7 months since that day. To reclaim my honor and regain the title of undefeated sempai. I will never forget that moment. I can barely hold back the excitment in waiting for the moment I confront my demon once again!This game has very realistic combat. Highly reccomend!"
76561198010045590,Recommended,219640,12590045,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,TT.Shnauzer,"The game works well in every situation except for the start up. I will click play Chivalry in steam and it will take me to the Chivalry screen but when i click play in the game, it will dissapear and the game would not have started. I don't know what to do or even how to fix this, if it's a common problem."
76561198122992509,Not Recommended,219640,13074684,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,ScreaminRob,GlitchyBlocking is brokeKicking is brokeHit box for attacks are brokeOverheads and thrusts are completely different for diff weapons.Half the people who play don't know what teamwork is.Don't buy this game.
,Recommended,219640,10319481,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Aetheryn,"Previous Review:(Although very enjoyable when it works, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a generally buggy, often-crashing, piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥  It is poorly optimized, causes my computer (which can run Skyrim with 50+ mods and ultra graphics at around 60fps) to run out of video memory, and all the servers magically dissapear from my lists. Right about now, I'm not recommending it because it isn't playable.  If it gets patched, I'll rewrite this.Edit: Has the hitbox accuracy of Goldeneye 007 for the N64.)Game has been patched.  It looks great and runs well, and I'm honestly enjoying myself.  As promised, here's the new review.  Definitely would recommend this to people not offended by graphic beheadings and dismemberment."
76561197961548330,Not Recommended,219640,13075774,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,ta305ho85,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, it crashes damn near every ♥♥♥♥ing time I try to Load up a map."
,Recommended,219640,13075909,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Meaty,I liked the free weekend. Game was better then expected. Next time its on special im gonna get this one.
76561198061594109,Not Recommended,219640,13076018,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Spagooglio,"theres nothing more i can say. the control schemes terrible (scroll wheel attacks?!!?) and the games comunity is full of sweaty tryhards who kick people for accidentaly doing damage to them (yes, teamkilling is a fully implemented feature) ive never been so done with a game so quickly i normaly like to get my moneys worth out of a game and give it more of a chance but this is too much its like mount and blade with the fun sucked out definately not worth buying. this game gave me a headacke"
76561198015754299,Not Recommended,219640,13076512,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,[DRKECH] Galaxycruiser,"Immensly broken game with an immensly broken community.  Can't find a decent server that doesn't lag like hell when you find one thats got a decent amount of players in it (AUSTRALIA).  Blocking does not work efficiently, with other players blocking and immediately parrying sometimes and others it doesn't work at all.  The Vanguard/Knight balet school had a ton of recruits as well with many of them just twirling about the battlefield getting around block mechanics.Wish I could get a refund, but there you go stuck with this piece of crap."
,Recommended,219640,13077457,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Sensitive Chest Raisins,"Play with as many people as possible. More people, more chaotic, MOAR FUN!"
,Not Recommended,219640,13213718,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Grandpa skinflute,This game reminds me of skyrim but not good. -1/10
,Recommended,219640,262761,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,Dave,"Awesome medieval first person combat game. Decapitate your opponent and listen to them scream in agony. No single player fluff, this a purely multiplayer title. It feels a little bare bones at the moment but hopefully the developer keeps updating the game in the future."
,Recommended,219640,13195158,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,boobs,nice
,Recommended,219640,13199176,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ch1ck3n,If you like bad voice acting and awesome (sometimes hilarious) gameplay.  This is the game for you.
76561198034538498,Recommended,219640,4253212,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Your_Lifeline,"You will rage at it, but that is because of its pure brutality! You will feel like your in the show spartacus or the movie gladiator soon as you start playing. Only to find you are a mere mortal as your head gets chopped off then your arms before your corpse can hit the ground!"
,Recommended,219640,13200733,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ghost Gamer,Good and Realistic
76561198012755488,Recommended,219640,13201174,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Gobber,"A lot about this game is really good, but is held back by some things for sure.Pros:- Great combat system. It's difficult going back to Skyrim. There are three different types of attacks, plus blocking, dodging, projectiles, and feinting.- Some pretty good maps. The layouts have good flow overall, some are not too great but otherwise they're generally good- Great visuals. A beautiful looking game.- Really silly. The game is a bit ridiculous, and over the top so funny♥♥♥♥♥♥happens all the time.Cons:- Hackers/Exploiters. The community is full of people who take advantage of glitches after playing over a thousand hours and that can make games just be not fun.- Matchmaking. There's a rank system that could easily be used to facilitate matchmaking or at least team balancing. Instead you can have a team of 6 rank 30+ players against a team of 5 low-rank players. This ruins games often.- Community. Trash community. People are immature and irritating, send strings of slurs out to map chat, and insult other players. Arguably worse than a MOBA community.The game itself is great. The players are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. The devs need to take greater control over the vitriolic community and fix the matchmaking, and the game will be much better."
,Recommended,219640,13203788,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,EngagingPicard,Worth...Every...Penny.....Take my money!
76561198086552113,Recommended,219640,12845187,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Spooky Byrd,GET IT
,Recommended,219640,12848188,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,rocco,ok gory but ♥♥♥♥ amasing and i am guna mack a youtube chanal so if you r my steam frend and you want to see me do videos then tell me when ok k
,Recommended,219640,12853547,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,mrmexas,"Chivalry is a very fun game. Innocent graphic violence, quirky dialogue, and simple mechanics.Unfortunately, for any game mode, winning requires you to be arrogant and surly.Players who play by conventional rules and actual 'chivalry' are rare, and are rarely placed high on the scoreboard.If you can forgive cheap tactics, extreme gore, and are good at not taking games seriously, then this is a game for you."
,Recommended,219640,45623,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,[marticus],"Shove your M4 up your♥♥♥♥♥ this game is for real men. Get it, it's fun as hell."
,Recommended,219640,12867082,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,coolsacha,"Really nice game,I love it, even if i do have (a very little) playtime every time i play it i have fun like the first time i playmy friends love it too, EVERYTIME a friend comes to my house we play this game for at least an hour"
76561198048911799,Recommended,219640,12868540,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,sniprsgotmoraim,Great m8.
,Recommended,219640,12869767,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Knife,Fun game ecspecially getting stabbed in the back all the damn time but two men in tights
76561198059409763,Recommended,219640,12870188,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Evil Watermelon,It's like skyrim but with friends... without quests... and npcs and pretty much everything other than the medieval setting. It's still a lot of fun though.
76561197968773976,Recommended,219640,329986,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,[OTL] Dekaas,"If this game was a woman , i would have sex with it."
76561198097570292,Recommended,219640,12871155,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Chicken🎃☃,
,Recommended,219640,12872459,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Tok1n,"amazing voice command capabilities, great real time mechanics, realistic team objectives and well balanced classes.addictive/10"
76561198086570861,Recommended,219640,7107664,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,satu,اللععبه تحمسس وافضل شيء تلعبها مع اخوياك 10\10
76561197994109460,Recommended,219640,12877717,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Rock,"Imagine counter strike with swords. That's how I felt it when I played the game first time. It's smooth to play and requires skill. It's fast paced and a game you can jump in and out. Have only 30min to play ? No problem you can jump in a lobby and have fun. This is one of those games which sucks you in and time flies by when you play it.Base game contains 4 classes which have all unique weapons and playstyle to keep the game interesting. Keep playing with certain class and a weapon type and kill enemies (other players) to rank up expirience points to unlock new different weapons with different stats. Such as weapon swing speed, reach and base damage. As I mentioned game requires skill and there is no ''overpowered'' weapons. You can dominate anyone with any weapon if you just know how to use it. So you do not have to worry that players that have played the game a long time would have weapon wise a advantage. What they do have, is expirience with the game.Game has few game modes to choose from. Some are very familiar such as free for all, team deatmatch and capture the flag. Though I personally like team objective missions. These missions have unique objectives which keeps the game interesting and you feel like there is a real battle going on with a purpose behind it. For example you have to light a signal fire to let your fleet to know to move in and open fire on the walls while the other team tries to stop you from doing that. If your able to signal the battle ships they destroy the wall and a new objective is given, destroy the enemy catapults so they won't demolish your fleet that just moved in etc. It's interesting over any regular game modes.There's plenty of maps to play and as I said team objectives are totally different in each map and they are very fun to play.Gameplay itself is smooth and responsive, and as I mentioned fast paced so you better not be day dreaming. Keep your guard up and play smart. Remember that your weapon can damage and kill your friends so do not just mindlessly swing your weapon.Game looks visually nice and has plenty of blood and gore in it. The sounds, death screams, swords colliding with other swords, flesh getting cut, arrows passing by your head sounds awesome and gives the game intense atmosphere when your running into the heat of battle.Definitely worth the current 22,99 euro price tag.My score for the game would be a solid 8/10, superb multiplayer expirience."
,Recommended,219640,11151548,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,DerMisterDuck,A fun skill based multiplayer! I love it.
,Recommended,219640,6395077,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Fic_Boi,"Great game, easy enough for the casual gamer but deep enough for someone to become a true master and killer on the battle field"
76561198018983989,Recommended,219640,12878978,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Holy Hack Jack,I yell the entire time I play this game.
76561198064109853,Recommended,219640,12882347,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,MinchMeister,derp derp
76561198114804536,Recommended,219640,12884557,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Hyper-K,um mevieval combat+players=badass gore!
,Recommended,219640,12885349,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Goldenbukkit,This is literly one bloody fun game
,Recommended,219640,12855483,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,El Sofa King,Swords and arrows what more can I say?
,Recommended,219640,13689355,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kemci,"one of few games witch is able crash while minimizedand really:its fun, you can crush every body part with a lot of weapons, but you need to learn game griefs to be able compete vs skilled playersbest thing is team objective mod... usually you are attacking/defending some kind of castle with balistas, hot oil, catapults, barricades and stuffdont buy DLC ... it is not worth it :X"
,Recommended,219640,13678715,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Junkrat,Yep.
76561197972374284,Not Recommended,219640,13678996,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Chooch,I wish this game was fun.....
76561197963927499,Not Recommended,219640,13679635,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,konigstiger,Worst Slasher Ever. Tedious sword play and weridest hit judgement makes you horribly akward in duel. Buggy and unappropriate motions.You'd better play mount and blade than this terrible waste of money.
,Recommended,219640,13680220,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Recursion,"Honestly, this game is hit or miss depending on your preferences. If you want a game where you can run around with an axe chopping things off, this is the game for you. However, the combat system does take some getting used to, or at least used to the fact that blocking does stuff. Gloriously violent animations, good gamemodes, and a tounge in cheek attitude.Bring out your heads."
76561198124946903,Not Recommended,219640,13681029,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,CrunkDiddlyUmptious,Looked cool but I do not reccomend this to anyone. Totally not worth what I paid for.Uninstalled.
,Not Recommended,219640,13681642,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kruczek,Very fun so far. Extra items cost money like a free to play. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
76561197967136754,Recommended,219640,13681937,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,kRONZ,Good.
,Not Recommended,219640,13682947,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,AElfred,"lags, bores, and annoys, i prefer mount and blade and the original. graphics are beautiful though."
,Recommended,219640,2234147,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,LeaderofDoom,"Swing, Swing, Chop! Then your head goes plop."
76561198029944051,Recommended,219640,13697790,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CaptSnow12,"Had a game last night on Moor (I think...whichever map has both kings involved) where I became the Agathain king against the Mason king who had killed me 12 times and I had only killed him once.... Well as my noble knights and other soldiers fought off his knights at the front of the castle, I saw one of my men attacking the other king (the king blocking all of his attacks). In a LOTR-like moment, I slowly walked over to the battle (due to the fact that the king walks slow) with no enemy players even noticing me, and with one fell swoop, chopped off the Mason king's head and saved my man. It was glorious.Overall this game is very good, although sometimes suffering from lag spikes on certain maps. The four classes all have good abilities and seem to all have the ability to fend for themsleves if used correctly. I love this game and its maps and would definitely recommend it to anyone."
76561198138870528,Recommended,219640,13698488,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mister Tickle Me Pickle,"This is a really fun game, however....It has one of the most toxic communities I have ever had the displeasure of playing with.If your not getting team killed by some d-bag at spawn, your getting blamed for it because some idiot ran in front of you while you were mid-swing.  You will rage as every time your about to get a  kill, then someone comes up and steels it from you and you get killed imediatly afterward.This game also has a rather steep learning curve and people will swear at you untill you eventually figure it out.All in all, I would suggest you get this game if you like competitive semi-realistic first person slasher games.PS: not everyong in this game is a d-bag, there are plenty of nice and helpfull players that will give any advice they can."
76561198040132658,Not Recommended,219640,13746320,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Karkaluna,When you fight in a normal game there is always little idiot that are attaking by behind... It was fun !But when someone get me by behind like 50 time while i was fightin with someone i stoped to play i was ragin to much ...Coward sux
,Recommended,219640,5122526,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,Priest of the Temples of Syrinx,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is the only game that can make me bipolar while playing.  Combat has brought me plenty of joy here.  Such joy is fueled by success, humor, and immersion.  It is demolished easily, however, through unfair loss, failure, and the mechanics of the game that allow anyone's stupidity to be converted to power, such as the kickvote system, which has gotten me kicked for the simple but difficult act of succeeding in a match.  The combat system is complex and immersive, but severely lacks balance, virginity, and, at times, reason.  The combat depth often causes controversy and confusion among the players, and certain mechanics are disputed to be crutches, essentials, rhetorical, or downright exploitative."
,Recommended,219640,7798641,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,[ES]Scorpion,its ok
76561197963105728,Recommended,219640,139254,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,TurboCross,"Such a hilarious and fun game. Some balance problems and plenty of bugs, but it's even more refined than the first. For Agatha! Buy this immediately and chop your friend's heads off!"
,Recommended,219640,7799718,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Star Lord,Meh
,Recommended,219640,7799996,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TwentyOneGames,Just stupid fun with friends.
76561197976453807,Recommended,219640,718715,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Blackbeard,"Surprisingly well-fleshed out combat system and really fun game types. Lots of parallels with my own experiences at sword fighting, which says a lot for the detail they put into developing the technical fighting system. Be prepared for a steep learning curve and lots and lots of blood, but a rewarding experience nonetheless."
,Recommended,219640,1459009,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,No Survivors!,"Takes a good amount of practice to get good at, but certainly interesting. Think TF2, but with swords and arrows."
,Recommended,219640,7792225,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Patrick,Very fun and addictive !
,Recommended,219640,2617336,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,Capt. Raven,Poke 'em till they're dead 3D
,Recommended,219640,845599,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,RedEye,"Mash M1, kill friendlies!"
,Recommended,219640,852600,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,[ROK] Womb Raider,Highly addictive and fun! A must buy!
,Recommended,219640,738830,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Nipah,aaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It's a good game.
,Recommended,219640,900638,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Cletus Buckwheat,FOR AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,219640,309800,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Kryptoknight,"Chivalray Medieval Warfare is one of the most fun games I've played in a while. The combat is very in your face. It's easy to pick up, play, and have fun but that rewards skill. To be really good at this game requires practice, quick timing, and working as a team. I highly recommend this game if you haven't picked it up."
76561198006712208,Recommended,219640,2392697,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,grendelridli,FOR THE KING AND COUNTRY!!!
,Recommended,219640,7801216,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Sir Puddles,"Kill your friends. Trust me, it's fun."
,Recommended,219640,7801694,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,★Frank Gypsy★,"This game has a really steep learning curve, but once you get past the learning phase of the swing mechanics the game is one of the best melee fighters out there. It is definitely worth the money!"
,Recommended,219640,7706536,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,David Duchovny ๑ﭥ,Counter-Strike with swords.  Need I say more?
76561198058157710,Recommended,219640,6058513,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Afro,DRINK THE BLOOD OF YOUR FOES AND URINATE ON THEIR GRAVES - 6/10
76561198007927189,Recommended,219640,2475583,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,LordNoobiusMaximus,"Hard to play, but once you get used to it you will love all the head chopping."
76561198074679019,Recommended,219640,13141045,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Obliviaga,"A good game once you get used to it, For thoughs screaming into battle button bashing (and team killing is possible) or though Archers looking to be the next robin hood, this game is a good one for you.Nice graphics and quick load times :)"
,Recommended,219640,13144023,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,GEONE,"I can't hide how much fun this game is, and I simply can't bring myself to give this any other rating than a 10/10. The combat is fast, visceral and deep. It's hard to believe this is from an indie studio. Community is great, combat is outstanding, and the various mods and loadouts make this game one of my favorite. I never get bored of this game, and I'm sure you won't either.10/10"
76561198048130796,Recommended,219640,13144958,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Jerome Jackson Blackson,made head explode with big hammer 10.1337/10
76561198068525550,Not Recommended,219640,13145212,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,su[er daugi,Terrible Game!
,Recommended,219640,13147644,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Espenn,Not bad 7/10
,Recommended,219640,13148027,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,joepcash,"I came across this game while looking for a Call of Duty multiplayer style game except more like Skyrim style fighting and that's exactly what this is. Expect to have an average life expectancy of 12 seconds and not kill a single person for your first week playing the game but it's still great fun. The game can be a bit buggy at times but for the most part, it works perfectly and the game mechanics are fleshed out beautifully."
,Recommended,219640,7004143,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,EmperorYoYo,IT IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! :3
,Recommended,219640,2919577,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,Nibbs,:D
,Recommended,219640,7819024,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,TheLastSandwichOnEarth,"An addicting multiplayer combat game.  Probably the most satisfaction I've ever had in beating opponents online in any game.  Combat is solid, and balanced.  Game can get a few bugs now and then but it's all worth it to watch a head splatter under a maul."
,Recommended,219640,7819284,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Anal Guardian Lux,BEST GAME EVER!!! holy♥♥♥♥♥♥! AWESOME!!!
76561198048564819,Recommended,219640,7820089,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,HaydoPotato,Amazing
76561197971728638,Recommended,219640,534825,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Skooma Addict,If love being killed by your own teammates then this game is for you
76561198039390687,Recommended,219640,4584680,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,Tyrchon,"If you want a game that is pure, brutal fun then search no further.  You know the old saying, ""more fun than a sharp, pointy stick"", well this is just that...plus the sharp, pointy stick."
76561198082307291,Recommended,219640,7004521,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Bradesco,Bradesco ComprétoRecomenda
,Recommended,219640,2127656,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Fryzee,"Chop heads off, stab people in the guts, throw fire bombs and swing giant axes. This game is the greatest, only flaws would be the menus and how hard it is haha"
,Recommended,219640,3405415,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,SIG,"If you can get it to launch, its one of my favorites, and i think it will be the medevil version of counter stike. the grapics,voice actors,animations,maps, and weapon variety are a huge inprovement compared to its predesessor,""Age Of Chivarly"" its a new game so it has some bugs, non that i havent experenced that could ruin the total gameplay experences like exploits, other thatn the constant crashing i get whenever i try to launch the game..i am not the only person all my friends have the same problem.Its fun ,addictive, and very playable to all kinds of gamers..i reccomend this to anyone, who has good patentce"
,Recommended,219640,7590808,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Beef Sister,"Blatant rip-off of Call of Duty, 0/10."
76561198020182421,Recommended,219640,3286828,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Iaro Delta,"If you enjoy murder, and taunting people in foreign accents, then this is the game for you. Chivalry is pretty heavy on the violence, seeing as you can amputate just about any part of the body with your two handed sword. Not too gory though, even if you cut off someones head, there will be very little blood, if you're concerned about that sort of thing, dont worry you wont notice it if you dont look for it. There are many various weapons in the game to become a master of, and each one is super fun to try. 4 classes to keep things lively and many maps so that you dont get bored. I would rate the game 8/10, only due to some buggy places in the game. Even so, I play this game often with my friends, as it is a very fun multiplayer game."
,Recommended,219640,1553837,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,迷路,"If you haven't played this yet, even during the free weekend, you're really missing out. The combat is really flud, accurate and skills-based. Best melee EVER in any game. Makes you really wonder why AAA fantasy titles doesn't have such a wonderfully responsive fighting sistem already. You can cut, stab, gut, decapitate and amputate your opponents. And it's really fun and rewarding. That said, the game features many maps, classes, gamemodes and weapons, each different from the other. The dev team is among the most dedicated I've ever seen, they are costantly tweaking, fixing and pumping out new content updates for free.I bought it full price and still I think it's the best money I spent on games in the year 2012."
,Recommended,219640,7750105,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,The Mexican Anti-Christ,"Worth the buy, this game is pretty unique, it's a nice switch up from surviving absurd conditions in FPS games."
,Recommended,219640,7750106,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,PeterW78,"I really wanted to make sure there was a review up that captures the nuances of this game.Too long won't read: The game has balancing issues that are constantly being sorted out but the mechanics of the game are a rewarding for those willing and able to master them.The premise of the game is simple, take a fictionalized medieval battlefield and fill it with PC gamers in a COD-like multiplayer. The DLC ""Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior"" expands this to just about any culture that has picked up a sword including: Spartans, Pirates (Caribbean, not Somali), and Ninjas. And similar to COD, the game has the multitude of game-modes that you would expect: team death match, free-for-all, capture the hill, a dueling mode, etc. Likewise there is a meta-game that allows the player to unlock variations of weapons, for example kill enough people with a spear and you will unlock a quicker, shorter, less powerful pitchfork.The gameplay is straightforward but deep. You click your mouse and your weapon swings, chops, or thrusts, and if it hits the opposing player then you damage them depending on hit location. The damage is done as a HP bar and any kind of maiming is done post-mortem or on the killing blow. Ranged weapons can be used but leave the archer/crossbowman/javelin thrower to rely on their short sword or dagger as backup. Blocking enemy attacks drains the player's stamina meter and so does missing your own attacks, this incentizives the players to dodge their enemy while aggressively and accurately attacking.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare also divides the players into classes that have different perks and weapon selections. Archers can do bonus damage when attacking a player's backside. Men-At-Arms allow for shield-wielding players to quickly dodge attacks at the expense of stamina. Vanguards can use long spears and polearms to charge in with a powerful attack if they have sprinted long enough. And Knights have the highest health, lowest stamina consumption from blocking, and slow but powerful weapons such as a double-sided axe or a maul.All in all the narrative is almost non-existant. There are two factions that use different taunts and colors, but the game does not go much futher than that. The setting is meant is meant to be a European-inspired fictional world, but raises quite a few questions: Is this a male-only society or species? Why are there crosses, a Christian symbol, in the architecture if this is a non-historical setting? However this is only a minor grievance as this a multiplayer game and thus most people hold it to a lower narrative standard.The meta-game aspect seems to be less thought-out than one would hope. It only rewards players for kills and thus there is little reason to play the objective or assist a teammate in a kill. And players who feel compelled to unlock all of the weapons are also forced to muster through weapons they have little skill in or desire to use, this can create a grinding experience that just does not work when the gameplay is this engaging.The gameplay's simplicity is perhaps its greatest strength. There is a great sense of satisfaction from ducking and aiming down as your opponent's blade swings over your head and allowing you to counter with a deadly chop to the head, or swinging your powerful warhammer into your opponent's shield and sending him or her into a spike pit. Moments like these make the game a delight to play and elevate it above the simple meta-game driven Skinner Boxes of other multiplayer games."
,Recommended,219640,7623052,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Thesidekick,great game
,Recommended,219640,13135742,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,_goodbye,"All i have to say is for 5 bucks, you can't beat it.it's an amazing game honestly."
,Recommended,219640,13136158,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Banyans,I chopped a mans arm off 5/5
76561197970468773,Recommended,219640,13136404,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,steve,"Great game, very satisfying combat. Funny and friendly community!"
,Recommended,219640,13137139,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kein,Just a lovely and loud mess. What's not to like?
,Recommended,219640,13138167,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,RainbowRadish,Amazing game! 10/10 Must buy!
76561198111535640,Recommended,219640,13138268,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,guyman,good game
76561197998909974,Recommended,219640,13138527,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,HunteRetnuH,Yes my lord. Thank you brother. Heeeeeeeeelp!10/10.
,Recommended,219640,13140361,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Frogge,fun game
76561198095573613,Not Recommended,219640,12837872,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Matt the Radar Technician,This game sucks it is so broken and crappy it is not even worth consideration the mechanics are so broken it hurts to play this game for thirty mintues.To the devs fix this pile of crap and to the gamers dont buy it till they do
76561198004687067,Recommended,219640,13048004,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Iron Evey,very fun game highly recommended games be aware that it is very addictive to people that like the middle ages are beyond
76561197983697443,Recommended,219640,13048055,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,crazyrodd,"LMAO all the time top fun,"
,Recommended,219640,13048620,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,AliMitch,It's like skyrim without guns10/10
76561198062366426,Recommended,219640,13048878,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Svente Crabo,It's a bunch of grown men yelling and hitting each other with pointy sticks10/10
76561197978388164,Recommended,219640,13049869,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,[CS] Raston,I thought it was a fun game. Challenging and will require many hours of perfecting your skill in weapons and combat.
76561198157283330,Not Recommended,219640,13049989,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Dr. Yolo Swaggins Esq.,"Impossible to get into.Would be a ton of fun, but getting pummeled by level 50s with their hands tied behind their backs and laughing in your face (literally) ruins it completely. While that is true in a lot of games: 1. This game has no matchmaking. No mercy, you have to drill straight against the big boys and honestly, that's neither fun nor educational and 2. the game is so different from any other game that you can't build on previous experiences.If you're willing to dedicate the next 2 months of your life just to get to the point where you can enjoy it, than sure, go ahead. But if you just wanna have fun, than keep looking, this will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off more than anything else."
76561198075839449,Recommended,219640,13050425,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Mr. Sir,I can explode myself.
76561198120656108,Recommended,219640,13050591,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,FaZe Reagan,"An amazing game with good graphics, gameplay, weaponry, and it's quite realistic other than the animations. I am aggrovated by many games but this is not one of them. I can die several times and feel ok about it. I honestly can't get enough of this game"
,Recommended,219640,2661418,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Phrak,THAT BARDICHE DIDN'T ♥♥♥♥ING HIT ME ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME WHAT THE HELL WHY CAN HE ALWAYS BLOCK ♥♥♥♥ING ARCHERS
,Recommended,219640,13052225,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sebbeleb,"Online is really hard but its really fun, this game is worth the money!"
76561198036643175,Recommended,219640,13052462,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Irishftw18815,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare, is an exceptional first person game that lets you expirence the medieval era is a whole new way. I would recommend buying this game ASAP and enjoy it to the max."
,Recommended,219640,11957551,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Snake,"Tough combat, cool gamemodes and awesome dismemberment. Chivalry is a one of a kind. Definitly play if you're into first person (you can toggle third too) medieval combat... and if you're not... still play, because there's chance you'll love it8/10*"
76561198065055209,Recommended,219640,11959894,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Doesn't Afraid,most best fun
76561198043112085,Recommended,219640,4905075,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,K y uu b ii Kri,das beste Mittelalter first persion spiel überhaupt und es kostet blos 23 euro
76561198004306537,Recommended,219640,10692142,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bersolgens,Insanly hilarious and fun
,Recommended,219640,4084885,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Quartermain,Medieval FPS...nothing else needed to be said!
,Recommended,219640,10695471,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sunboy Solaire,This is the best game I've ever played but no DLC's avalible for me
76561198124960573,Recommended,219640,14787272,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Meme.png,The game is alright and very fun to play with friends but there is minor problems with the kicking problems that if you beat someone they will make a vote to kick you off the server and the the occasional team killsbeside that good game 7.5/10
76561198063410445,Recommended,219640,6308800,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,TurboKill,Limb Cutter simulator.... who want some?
,Recommended,219640,14788268,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,brandon,Pretty fun game. Good game to kill time and have fun. 7/10
76561198056033467,Recommended,219640,14883068,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Wrighty931,"A quick (lol) review for this game.I would recommend this game but I also would not recommend this game for a few reasons.I class myself as an avid chivalry player that plays this game on and off when I have free time from career etc. (isnt alot lately) and I throughaly enjoy this game 90% of the time, it has good graphics, great gory gameplay with satisfying kills and wins, gorgeous maps and depth and detail. Sounds great right?Now to the con, thats it just one negative point, but for me this can utterly frustrate me to the point of totally erasing this game from my library: ANIMATIONS. Not just the animations, but the way that some players (moslty level 40+) glitch and distort the way that thier character moves, swings their weapon and crouches. These particular players that have perfected this art of manipulating the animation glitches are almost unstoppable to a certain degree. You find yourself standing there bewildered by the sight that you can see infront of you, whilst hastely trying to block and evade this onslaught of animation abuse. These players characters look like they are on crack, constanly jolting and twitching as they swing and move, its utterly ridiculous and ruins the game for any new player in my opinion (there is no training in the game that would even start to teach you how to defeat this sort of player).Finally, the most annoying part about this abuse is that it is actually seen as skill! a pro style of play if you were which is utterly ridiculous, it makes me cringe every time I see a player on the battlefiled with this ""play style"". I will instanly quit and find another server. Overall I recommend this game to any melee battle craving player that will enjoy teamwork and gore, but watch out for these glitch abusers, you wont stand a chance."
76561198038099743,Recommended,219640,14887850,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,DarthGozz,my favorite multiplayer game on pc.
,Not Recommended,219640,14875410,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ardipithecus Ramidus,"there is no middle ground in the population's skill level. you either are playing against people who are complete noobs or absolute veterans. once you out level the official ""low level"" servers, you're forced to play against people who simply have been playing this game too long. the veterans are extremely good and do not care if they win or lose. they do not care that you're a new player trying to learn. the end game is full of extremely talented trolls that will end your delightful experience without hesitation.the combat in this game is next level for melee though"
,Recommended,219640,14876489,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,x724398,"Highly Recommended. Played for several hours, there are times when you think deaths are unfair and someone is hacking. But youll eventually get over it and enjoy killing someone else. FOR THE QUEEN"
,Recommended,219640,14880508,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jared9292,Great game hard but fun but the specs for this game is insane so goodluck playing it without a amazing computer. about 3 out of 5.
,Recommended,219640,14880533,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ajax EuroTruckRadio,Well i must say i cannot get enough of this game i did think twice before buying but i must say i am glad i did.
,Recommended,219640,14890041,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,✪ Bice #FreeIBP,AWESOME GAME!
,Recommended,219640,14891973,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Pidgey,Spawn in.Killed by mysterious force.Notice archer.Yfw they had 360-noscopes in Medieval Era.MLG/10
76561198049793835,Recommended,219640,14893450,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Viko,"legal mas dificil, os caras são muito viciados.. rssenti falta de uma campanha mas o formato on line é bem emocionante."
76561198076245041,Recommended,219640,13061928,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,{TRC} Colten,SCLICE THE HEEEAAADSSSS!!!
76561198047719286,Recommended,219640,14895264,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,pic0,great fun for fooling around or compititivegreat community and fun players
76561198081442554,Recommended,219640,14896916,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,twitch.tv/dwrulesalot,"Great game, lots of for for hours on end :)"
76561198045177750,Recommended,219640,14897283,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Limpingfox,"Great concept... Many flaws :/. Unfortunatly this game has a lot of minor or even major flaws. I still like it, but it could do with some patching. So I'd say only buy this one if it's on sale for 50% or more"
,Recommended,219640,15042654,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,ToastyChase,You quit early or play long enough to see yourself become a neckbeard.
76561198027793589,Recommended,219640,3818887,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,Duck,its very good :)
,Recommended,219640,8296490,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Uterus Intruder,First time playing it I was LMAO!Very fun to play - get it!
,Recommended,219640,8296492,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,✝ Meatbolt® ✝  מַלְכֵּי־צֶדֶק,fun but still glitchy and exploited
,Recommended,219640,8298418,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Brandon,Game is sure to give wild erections
,Recommended,219640,2913299,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Panda,"Pure fun game even though its concept is very simple, makes you wonder why there isnt many games out there like this?For pure simple fun between the big serious games, i highly recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,219640,8300438,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Bushido Butler,"I admit, it was fun at times but mostly I found this game fustrating.The weapons seem to have a ""works when it wants to"" effect and it always feels like your opponents have better working weapons, even if thier using the same one as you.Trying to get kills feels like a chore and sneak attacks will mostly end in failure.Buy only if on sale"
,Recommended,219640,46724,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Logy,"Fun gameplay and heads rolling everywhere, whats more to ask?"
,Recommended,219640,8201687,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Finn,"In many ways this game is the exact brother to War Of The Roses. But the brutality and realsim is unmatched. Having the ablity to decapitate a soldier who is begging for his life is brutality. Out of the other ""Medevil Games"" this ranks high up in the chart and the top in its class."
,Recommended,219640,8352895,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Undeadfred,"The most compent first person melee game out. Balanced well across classes (across weapons is another story) and with enough variety and depth to keep you intrested in.The objectives in this game are rich with flavor. None of this capture the flag stuff. Chilvalry has you burning crops, dumping plague bodies into a towns water supply, hacking up the royal family, and assulting keeps."
,Recommended,219640,8352985,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Heisenberg,"One moment, I was standing in a medieval town, the next, my head was sliced off."
,Recommended,219640,8355665,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TiNgLe McDiCKShArTS,Yes. Buy it now.
,Recommended,219640,8356511,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Wesley,Amazing game time your swings right and let the enjoyment begin
,Recommended,219640,4012310,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,[TGH]TeraBad,"The most fun I have ever had in a game was in this one. Something about charging into the enemy with all your friends screaming, with only fists."
,Recommended,219640,8357883,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,KingStarFish,ZAAAMBIES
,Recommended,219640,8359179,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Uncle Fungus,Like Call of Duty but with firey bombs and glitchy animations.8/10
,Recommended,219640,8346689,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Faceless,"Awesome game, Awesome Graphics, Awesome Kills. Just make sure your computer can handle it before you buy it."
76561198060987882,Recommended,219640,8347269,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Smelter,most fun midieval game you will ever find
,Recommended,219640,8348382,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Cyprex (RTQC),"Really good game !! Not the best graphics, physics are sometimes wierd, but alot of fun anyways !!"
76561198077587993,Recommended,219640,8349887,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,^6reck^3rapr!,cool
,Recommended,219640,8349999,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Aroh,Get this game its fun :D
76561197972531369,Recommended,219640,589825,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,Scrub,"If you enjoy hacking online enemies limb from limb with a variety of medieval weapons, this is the game for you. Its simple gameplay is addictive and i keep coming back for more."
,Recommended,219640,11485608,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,TheTingSpace,It is just stupid mindless fun. Buy it when it is on a sale and you will not regret the money you have spent.
,Recommended,219640,11486601,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,ZubinRC314,Arguably the best melee combat versus game there is. Plinking targets with lead balls is quite amusing plus the game had a massive update overhauling the menus and GUI with newly added mod support almost 2 years after release.
,Recommended,219640,11487103,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Dr. Roast,Great Game Absoulity GREAT 8/10
,Recommended,219640,11490048,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Bortigo,"Great game. Controls are hard to get used to. But when you do, game starts to get better."
,Recommended,219640,3656427,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,The Great Moof,"Holy hell, this game is fun. It's got the diverse classes like Team Fortress 2, a sweet medieval setting, and so much freedom to just♥♥♥♥♥♥around and play like an idiot. Best multiplayer game I've ever owned, money well spent."
,Not Recommended,219640,11385637,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,BadassMinh,I hate this new look of this game
76561198139583637,Recommended,219640,11390591,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,sp-virus,"auto na deis kefalia na feugoun klp, kai sto add-on exei ninja peirates samurai spartiates ki alla kala. Bebaia ta physics sta blhmata einai gtp to war of the roses exei kalutera alla einai ki auto gamtato"
,Recommended,219640,11084969,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,RetroDragonfly,actually pretty neat balance between realistic and fun
,Recommended,219640,4151718,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Naseelemak,The perfect game for those who love anything to do with medieval times. Especially those who want to see things from the footsoldiers point of view in battle.
,Recommended,219640,1597172,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,grishcunt,one of the best multiplayer games I played
,Recommended,219640,484893,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,A guy named Kim who isnt Korean,It's like TF2's Medievil mode except it's not♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,10948684,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ARC-5775,"Hack, smash, slash."
,Recommended,219640,10948710,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Campon,"""♥♥♥♥ing feinter"" - Everyone"
,Recommended,219640,10891710,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,EuphoricNeko,"Chivalry is the game to go to if you feel like going full on viking on someones head. I have tons of fun playing this game, but I still can't get past the fact that you die more from team killing and when you die from the enemy usually they gangbanged you harder than Sasha Grey. Besides that, combat is simple, but also requires wit and techniques to down your foes. Or you can spam M1 and end up killing half the team. I give this game 8/10. Would've been a god game if it wasn't for team killing and gangbanging."
,Recommended,219640,10894666,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,jiimbosliice,"No other game like this one.  It's not your average game where everyone is running around screaming ""HAHAHA NEWB THIS KID SUX HAX LMAO.""  This is truly one of the best games I will ever own."
,Recommended,219640,3256625,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,Thelonious,if you dont get it you're poor
,Recommended,219640,8390002,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,EvilPentaPenguin,"Pick up a sword and join the fight. ""FOR THE ORDER!"""
,Recommended,219640,443049,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,kunstduenger,Heads will roll.... Literally...Really Cool FirstPerson Melee-Combat in Medival Setting !Dont lose your Head Highlander ^^
,Recommended,219640,8392519,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Demar DeFrozen,This game is epic...
76561198069198791,Recommended,219640,8394389,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DaddyBoombastic,Pretty fun.
76561198018942712,Recommended,219640,8395719,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,zardo,Awesome realistic game
76561197970013524,Recommended,219640,8396725,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ÎÇËƁŨŘŃ,"Ungh, so good..."
,Not Recommended,219640,8396747,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Suero233,"THis game, is very good but  it compleatly terrible because I Crash every ♥♥♥♥ing second even though i have 2 times the requirements, -_-"
,Recommended,219640,8397085,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bluemeanie,Definitely the best thing I've picked up in the Steam Sale so far. Gonna be playing a lot of this online. Loads of chaotic fun
,Not Recommended,219640,8397739,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,incrediblyJUICY,"I found the different attack and defense methods, which are a core part of the game, to be hugely flawed and awkward to use."
,Recommended,219640,8398862,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,<<nekofood>>,We have these anti-gravity servers where you can hear screaming every jump you take
76561198000781898,Not Recommended,219640,8398917,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,David,Awful game DO NOT PURRRR CHASE!
76561198052455213,Recommended,219640,5590439,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Wnuku,"A medieval style answer to all FPS. Amazingly visceral, with a wide variety of weapons and play styles. The only thing more amazing than the sheer freshness of the game is the sound assets that make your hairs stand on end, and even make you feel the pain of your slain foes as their limbs roll down the blood soaked fields."
,Recommended,219640,8402715,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Legitimate Pupper,"Although this game can sometimes feel like the Medieval Call of Duty (Those who get angered on Black Ops II will know what I'm talking about) This game can be extremely fun when dueling and playing objective-based game modes. Though you meet the occasional player who think it will be fun to crouch in the corner of a building and swing at your legs with a hammer, it doesn't much take away from the enjoyment of the game. The fighting mechanics are best described to match that of The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim. Whether you enjoy decapitating your foes, or just purely enjoy being a supportive archer role, this game will have something for you, and is a brilliant first person slasher."
,Recommended,219640,8403068,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Quiin,It's probably the best melee pvp game out there :D
76561198034114714,Recommended,219640,8400793,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Amel,Very good
,Recommended,219640,8339287,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,CrouchingHobo,"Do you like fun? The answer to this question is the answer to wether you should buy this game or not.I tried War of Roses and to be honest I didn't enjoy it, I thought I'd give this a bash even though it's very similar and instantly just had a smile across my face, I found I was actually laughing out loud and shouting things that ryhme with duck at people who chopped my arms off etc.I also found the people who play this to be sociable, everyone enjoys it that much it's rare to find someone crying about losing.If you don't buy it then that's fine, you've lost out but who cares right? You've given up enjoyment and saved however many £ this is at the time. Cool story bro!"
76561197973175285,Recommended,219640,618359,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Shua2142,Epic...
,Recommended,219640,10918089,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,fuggle,"Chivalry has very simple to grasp yet difficult ro master mechanics. Anyone can jump in and start flailing their sword at the enemy but as you play you will learn new skills - such as moust dragging to delay or speed up swings to catch your opposition off guard. From new to veteran players this is an exciting, unique and emersive title that'll have you on the egde of your seat.Also this game has a voice menu with an array of funny ""ye olde"" insults. Who doesnt want to yell ""I WOULD THINK YOU TO BE WOMEN, BUT YOUR BEARDS FROBID ME FROM DOING SO"" in the heat of battle?"
,Recommended,219640,1454267,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,H.E. Architect,"I can't say it's really worth the full price for the game at this time. But the devs have made the usual promise of adding new content in the future, so who knows! Not to mention, I notice that this game is rather frequently on sale.That said, the game itself is ridiculously fun, and really quite refreshing to play. For those of you who are fans of RIP AND TEAR and like something different from the norm, do buy this or at least give it a try on a free weekend. The game is even made so that it runs well on lower-end computers, so there are no excuses! Go for it!"
76561198016156505,Recommended,219640,10919412,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jokerkilla78,it was fun as hell
76561198005107670,Recommended,219640,2282251,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Hank Scorpio,Like COD but Medieval it is offically the bomb!
76561198078739422,Recommended,219640,10920939,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dirty Panda,You want to relax? Think again :D
,Recommended,219640,10921328,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,VeloCran,Pretty good FPS melee game.
,Recommended,219640,10921938,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SwitchVII,It's like kissing-tag with sharpened steel!  10/10
,Recommended,219640,10921999,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cool Stormtrooper™,Solid awesomely brutal medieval combat!
76561198042537414,Recommended,219640,10983031,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Peargun,"Hard game, but fun."
,Not Recommended,219640,10983070,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ISSA JOKE,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,10984135,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,#UNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN,]
76561197965668873,Recommended,219640,221013,"Posted: 27 February, 2013",all,Chimhog,Hilarious fun!Very easy to play but hard to master - would recommend to anyone who is looking for something a bit different from the standard 'FPS' affair.
76561197975195621,Recommended,219640,10985500,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DanZig the BuTchEr,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥super addictive!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198094173794,Not Recommended,219640,10985758,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,scoutfan21,"I'm glad I only bought this during the summer sale and paid $6. I would've been kicking myself if I had paid the full $25.  It's a great concept, but poorly made in my opinion.  Joining servers that have ""open"" slots doesn't mean you'll get to join once the game loads. Hit boxes are poor at best.  No real strategy either just spam the attack and block buttons and wait to get killed by your teammates who are trying to kill steal. 6/10"
,Recommended,219640,7424193,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Kimuchi,สุดยอด
,Recommended,219640,10987097,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Medrik,10/10 would decapitate again!
,Not Recommended,219640,10987828,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ragnarök,"was better as mod,It was more conquest maps, more maps over all,Better ballanced and so on...I cant learn to like the new one, still a decent game, but it was better before."
76561198044337564,Recommended,219640,10987854,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Progmagnan,"Picked this up from the Summer Sale, only 4.99, totally worth it.Hacking, slashing, stabbing and firing arrows, the game is simple but addictive and far more fun than any Call of Duty game I've ever played.It is even worth its normal price"
,Recommended,219640,10958247,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sudoki,"Hard to get into, fun."
76561198067562404,Recommended,219640,11161660,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Fat Pigeon,"Amazing and fun, with enough hours you will transform from a constantly beheaded noob to a respected knight, AYE!"
76561198139904940,Recommended,219640,11162088,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,MeekMingeMaster,"gotta love chopping peoples limbs off, its so fun and the screams are awesome, the dlc just makes it 6.9 times better"
76561198010247629,Recommended,219640,11163588,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Girth McJerk,"This game doesn't have wizards, like wtf...it's suppose to be like fantasy and♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10"
76561198071695809,Recommended,219640,10841064,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TrickyTreecko,"Console players wish they had a game like this. I have had so many fun hours playing this game! Whether it be playing a free-for-all battle in an arena and kicking my enemy into a wall of spikes or having a lightsaber duel in one of the many game friendly mods. There's so many tactics to grasp. Once you really get the mechanics figured out the game opens up with all of the head crushing, limb slicing combo's you can perform. There always updates happening and quite a community about this game. I highly reccomend if you value a challenge. Not for the casual player. You will get killed, but a smile will be on your face when it happens."
,Recommended,219640,5275427,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,GreyHant,WHRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,10841598,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tristoteles,You can cut people into pieces.....88/21
,Recommended,219640,10846179,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Motherfucking Obi-Wan Kenobi,"Cut a guy's arms off, then chopped off his head while he was on the ground. 10/10"
76561197972293110,Recommended,219640,11493259,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Rumple ScroteSkin,"Brutal melee at its best, go buy it ♥♥♥♥♥es!!!"
,Recommended,219640,11496361,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,SH0TZY J,Fun game if you have friends that play.
76561198013658520,Recommended,219640,11496601,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,YOUNG RICE IN AMERICAN SOIL,"This game is all kinds of stupid, which is the reason why you should buy it.I mean if your into stealing other peoples' kills by coming from behind and bashing someone's head into chunky bits with a maul, while shouting: ""AAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGHGHAWEGIEAFGHEAWIFWEIWWEHAWHGIEWAHWEA"", and then getting team killed.It's a fun process I swear."
76561198064152139,Not Recommended,219640,11495816,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Samp30,combat needs to be patched
,Recommended,219640,4334221,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Frenchy Fry,"Hilarious yet strategic midieval combat game. Many diffent game modes, well worth the money. I've got many hours, laughs, and good times out of this game!"
,Not Recommended,219640,11350185,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ラーメン,this game WAS a good game before all the patches.earlier u could jsut run in and kill as many as possible.now there are players that can block atacks from 5 players out of all directions. and that ruins the fun for me because it got to tactical i buyed this game because it was a fun game without much tactics... thats over now. half a year ago i whould have recomended it but not anymore.so if u have a timemachine set it back 1 year and buy the game BUT if not PLS dont.
76561198084182298,Recommended,219640,11123311,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Cole Story Bro,MALRIK IS A DUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,11352823,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,sherman.root,killed an innocent peasent and felt powerful 9.67883323/10
76561198091733856,Recommended,219640,11354341,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,jbec1337,"I was hit once with a long sword, shot three times with arrows, kicked in the stomach, and finally punched to death by three angry men at arms.Decapitated by a javelin, then my body was set on fire and stabbed.Chivalry?! Only in the movies. 10/10!"
76561198018873326,Recommended,219640,11354516,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Minesniper,Fairly unique and interesting I enjoy Deadliest warrior but I return to medieval warfare again and again.
,Recommended,219640,9874860,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,cbeat,"CUTTING PEOPLES HEADS OFF AFTER YOU'VE SLAIN THEM WITH NO MERCY, YESSSSSSSSSSS."
,Recommended,219640,8686640,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Gay Bacon,LOVE IT. so many luaghs and great times. however this is a game of skill and if you do not put in the time you will not enjoy it. i reccomend this to ppl who want a challenge and love to chop other players limbs off and luagh and teabag after killing them. great game!!!!!!!!!
76561198080191404,Recommended,219640,11070098,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Hacknbot30001,"if you like cheese burgers, you'll love this game."
76561197985047881,Recommended,219640,8520770,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Sir Olentzero,"Well, this is totally new for me. I've never played something like this and not because it is a very revolutionary idea. A game based on the middle ages warfare is nothing new, but the game mode absolutely is. No strategy, no rol game, just action (with some tactics), gruesome deaths, bloody violence and no mercy.The possibility to tear a body into pieces, cut limbs, chop heads, see the blood flow, hear the screams of agony and pain, to charge with the sword held high and a roar in your mouth is a perfect way to feel the battle. The blocking system, not the same old press-right-mouse-button-and-block-everything story but a more complex one, makes the battle feel real. A wide range of weapons, different roles and the community support makes a very enjoyable game and a very good simulator.And the fact that the creator is an indie company fighting its way, makes this game a must-have."
76561198058109736,Recommended,219640,10905419,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kanbe,Nice first person swordplay. Think of it like an FPS but with swords where you can hack each others heads off.
,Recommended,219640,10907032,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,NHOQUE.TKS,awesome
76561198060769901,Recommended,219640,10962212,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Xanklian,I dont think this game is good but I find it oddly inticing and fun would play
76561198079637214,Recommended,219640,10962803,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,In-saiyan in the membrane,good
76561197994364991,Recommended,219640,10963463,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mermelada,"Was trying to kill a knight with a crossbow.Knight rotated 180, deflected bolt with tower shield in its back, and instakilled me, all in one swing.13/10 would throw money at the screen again."
,Recommended,219640,10963675,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ReedoTheDorito,It has a great combat system. When you take on 3 people at once and come out on top it's great! But there are many times where you just get destroyed with no chance.
76561198061176279,Recommended,219640,10964037,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cold Spaghettios,Chivalry: Where everybody is better than you and you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.
,Recommended,219640,10964316,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Blitzscrank,i love mount and blade and this game since they are somewhat similar. the combat system is somewhat the same but chivalry has more complex combat in my opinion
,Recommended,219640,10964404,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,John Black,AAAAAAAAHHHHH!
76561197993697812,Recommended,219640,1486440,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Skeever,The good: crazy fun with interactive combatThe bad: frame rate drops for no good reason when it was just running fine a second ago
,Recommended,219640,10964843,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sneaky Beaver,One of the best games I have ever played.  Its balanced and requires real skill to be effective in game.. or lag.  More of my steams friends own this game in common with me over any other game.  The reason why is because it is fun to chop your friends heads off and listen to them choke on their blood!  FOR AGATHA!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,10964908,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,hey it baal,"Buy, Win, Profffffiitttt"
,Recommended,219640,10965003,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kod1ak,Absolutely FANTASTIC game. Can play for hours and hours
,Recommended,219640,10965701,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CBC | Waazzzaapp |,get wreckt  9/10
76561198028384664,Recommended,219640,10966134,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Hamspray,MALRIK IS DUUUUUUDE!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,10966334,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Forgiven,HiThis game is awesome. If you like to use a bow and slaughter with a sword or axe. Play as a team and win as a team because you have many modes. Probably there is one you'll like the most.I would recommand this game because you have to think out of the box.And if you are teamplayer join with a team of 6 players and slaughter the whole map.
,Recommended,219640,2053434,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Znote,Warfare of Medieval Epicness!
,Recommended,219640,1638806,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,CaptainTwinkie,"This game is pretty sweet, and for it being a summer daily deal, it is well worth it"
76561197963388074,Recommended,219640,10596616,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sgt. Fluffy,Best medieval fighting game out there
,Recommended,219640,3918051,"Posted: 17 December, 2012",all,WaRxXxPiG,Cut dudes heads off.  Its awesome.
,Recommended,219640,10598635,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Syrian Refugee,"If you're not very good at this game, you'll have fun with the mechanics until you start doing terribly in ranked serversIf you're ""good"" at this game, you'll get mad when you start doing terribly in ranked serversSo ♥♥♥♥ing done with this game10/10, 4.5 gold stars"
76561198062386233,Recommended,219640,10599385,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ClarkJackson,Very awesome game
,Not Recommended,219640,10601448,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,grape BOY,"I made a new category in my library for this game.""Games I wouldn't save in a fire"""
,Recommended,219640,347467,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,MadMan,A game for warriors.
,Recommended,219640,16561634,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Zimmy Zam,This game is good it's sort of like a first person shooter but in the medieval times+It has different attack strikes you can choose when you hit ur enemy makes the game have more variety.+4 Different classes.+Alot of gamemode types you can play duel which makes you challenge other players 1v1.-Bad community people teamkilling and kicking for archer and no reason not a good community (my opinion) at all.Edit: Det här är det nördigaste spelet jag har spelat ju!Edit Edit:When you start out u pwn all the noobs that play on the 0-20 lvl servers. When u are over level 20 u get pwned by the people that jerk off to this medieval stuff and problably plays reign of kings on a rp server and is super small guy because its the best in rok.Edit Edit Edit: Srsly doe who even plays reign of kings rp? All u do in that game is trying to kill people with it's meele system that is like a copy paste of chivalry's.
76561198066642710,Recommended,219640,10221291,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Yogi,Love the combat.
76561198122179326,Recommended,219640,10223197,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,jayleef,"THIS GAME IS THE BABOONS BALLZ!Easy to pick up, hard to master as they say, but also very very addictive!Mele combat works great!"
,Recommended,219640,10224682,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,DitchWitch☭,10/10 Would cut off the limbs of my eneimes again.
,Recommended,219640,6777903,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Jakob,Really fun game. BUY IT!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,8226239,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,scrimshank,Y'all know I love this game. It's a UE3-engine game with first-person swordplay combat and all the gamemodes I want.
,Recommended,219640,136591,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Trumps Oval Office PetRock,"MUST BUY IN STEAM SALE! Don't take this game seriously, just play it drunk with friends. So entertaining!"
76561198006351267,Recommended,219640,8184003,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Motte,"The game is a lot of fun once you manage to learn all the attacks and can combine feint, kicking and the different slahes with ease. Controls are responsive, gameplay is fun and sometimes hilarious because of the speech samples that are available at any time. Beheading your opponent while saying ""You fight well, I shall name a daughter after you"" is just one example :).If you like swords and armor, fun and engaging gameplay that needs skill while still being fast paced and responsive then Chivalry is for you."
,Recommended,219640,8184787,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,GENRAL. BATFUAKING NAEHKAD,wooo yes get game
76561198064145373,Recommended,219640,8184995,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Hodor,"Corpse-dumping, knight-slaying, peasant-murdering fun."
,Recommended,219640,8185768,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Phantom,this game..... rocks.... its better than that! i love it!!! first person medevil combat!
76561198103207827,Recommended,219640,8185827,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,IM A RAY,This game is amazing. I love everything except that people's eyes stay open when they are killed. Great game that captures everything good about a first person game. Love it!
76561198037769798,Recommended,219640,8186363,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Issa Ethan,Great kids game.
76561198038289309,Recommended,219640,8188512,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Jack Twist,very good game
76561198065598072,Recommended,219640,8188757,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Asriel,well uh well where to start you.....have a sword and you kill poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with it will runing round in a midevil theamed land of death and gore. be it Agatha knight or member of the Mason Order have fun killing the other side and hearinng the sounds of the last pain screams as you laugh only to get an arrow in you neck
76561198035087834,Recommended,219640,8188901,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,FED,Yes.
,Recommended,219640,8190298,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DjungelHarald,if you want to kill lots of noobs go for this game when its on sale love it
76561198048493359,Recommended,219640,8190575,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,PsychoBlood,"Hell Yea, it's KILLER!"
,Recommended,219640,8190610,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Nicedinosaur,"I play this game and never stop laughing. The carnage, sound effects and play style leaves me wanting it always! I love this game and have played it not stop since I bought it."
76561198060515724,Not Recommended,219640,8190891,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,RickMcDick,6 dollerinos and senbo still wont buy it
,Recommended,219640,14113170,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,HamFeet,"Awsome game, loads of fun chopping your mates to bits and random people aswell lol. Best buy"
76561198014947008,Recommended,219640,14113285,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,John Paul Jones,"Picked it up for $5, no regrets."
76561198001690172,Recommended,219640,14113324,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Alcoholic,Gore! More gore !!!
76561197974028437,Recommended,219640,643075,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Dilly Vesper,Hyvä peli.
,Recommended,219640,14113610,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Crossborder,game is hella fun with brosFFA is p.♥♥♥♥♥♥tho
,Recommended,219640,14113807,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,venomtail,"The thing is... is you make a mistake whilst fighting, someone will chop your head off, enemy or ally..."
76561198108134718,Not Recommended,219640,14114119,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Bunsen Burner,"The game after u get out of the begginer levels, gets so bad from all the try hards who exploit the game so badly"
76561198126436575,Recommended,219640,14115215,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,micmike916,"If youre tired of the role play, the sports, and all the other what not's; or you just weant to let out a bit of anger, this game is for you! Chopping heads and body parts had never been so fun lol. and its fairly even on leveling or choosing which game to enter based on experiance."
,Recommended,219640,14115313,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Ainsley Harriott's Nazi Grandpa,>Decided to play as a archer>Shot someone in the head>Shot another person in the head>Got killed by a man-at-arms>Tried vanguard>Killed a archer>Killed a knight>Got killed by a man-at-arms>Tried playing knight>Killed a vanguard>Killed a archer>Got killed by a man-at-arms>Tried man at arms>Went 20-1>Only death was from a man-at-arms7/10 Game is run and love the gore.(Has perfect class balance as well!)
76561198035952681,Not Recommended,219640,14115581,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Archont,"Game is good and entertainig for a few hours but after some time you understand that it lacks content and diversity, shows some major bugs and flaws.Dev team is terrible: always trying to sell more junk stuff to players instead of developing... you know... the GAME ITSELF."
,Recommended,219640,14116000,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Dell,10/10 would chop more heads
,Not Recommended,219640,14116686,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Angilos,"You can hit someone with your back to them and looking at the sky when you start yout swing then hit them again by turning around and finishing the swing on the same target. Oh, because its over hand, both hits land on the head and do bonus damage. medieval combat sim? more like a frustraiting combat sim."
76561198009282352,Recommended,219640,13534503,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Phobos,Wanna sword fight? this is a game for you!swords swords swords everyone loves soem swords
76561198069395687,Recommended,219640,6572535,"Posted: 22 January, 2013",all,HadiAzic,Jogo dos sonhos desde Lords of the Realms!My dream game since Lords of the Realms!
,Recommended,219640,7581310,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Jeep 93,"If you like medieval war, blood, beheadings.... this is a must have."
76561198066317358,Recommended,219640,7923043,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Andrei022,This game is a very good one if you like blood and medieval warfare.This is not very realistic but it's fun and you can play easily with friends.It worths!
,Recommended,219640,5445014,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Ateng,Just the thing if you eat ham & jam and spam a lot. I would also recommend it if you like to impersonate Clark Gable.
76561198066054516,Recommended,219640,7427886,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Noah211Gaming,This game is awesome! It is a massive multiplayer game where war is Medieval Warfare (Swords and Bows).
,Recommended,219640,7925158,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Vaios,"This game has a very good idea behind it. Swords and gore! (that is mainly why i bought it).Also its lots and lots of fun to play,unless you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥easily.I would not rely too much on graphics quality ,although i would like to see improvements in the future and perhaps even a small effort in movements.Other than that, i got what i paid for."
76561197982942416,Not Recommended,219640,7925984,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,PCFreak,"Great idea, pretty fun game, but such a crappy engine... I bought this game to test whether it had improved from the free to play mod version a few years back.... It hasn't... such a waste of money."
,Recommended,219640,5846303,"Posted: 12 November, 2012",all,Ulysses S. Grant,AGATHAAAAAAAAA!
,Recommended,219640,7753500,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,War Criminal,"If you've spent countless hours playing shooters, only to get bored with every new release only weeks after buying it, you're probably ready for something different. I'm not talking about another shooter, with the same mechanics and game style that you're already bored with. Chivalry provides you with an experience so satisfying and new, you'll rekindle that obsessive spark gamers yearn to find.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare sets itself apart from other melee combat games with a system of fluid combat and endless possible combinations for any encounter. You find yourself thrown into situations you can not predict. Every fight is different and it is nearly impossible to anticipate exactly what the outcome will be. A single bout can be ruined by a random arrow, breaking your opponents defenses and allowing you to strike. Great players will exploit any chance they are granted and adapt to new factors on a whim.Chivalry provides countless hours of fun and entertainment. The voice spam is nearly as enjoyable as the combat itself. Don't be discouraged by the level of skill some players exhibit. Continue to play and experience what truly makes this game addicting. As you improve, so will your level of fun."
76561197985131433,Recommended,219640,1042527,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,msd,"""I do not enjoy this game."" Thats what I said an hour into playing Chivalry.After having played it for a while, I start to see the appeal especially when playing with friends.It just took a bit, in terms of a learning curve, but after that, all is well in the world."
76561198025361817,Recommended,219640,3625869,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Tapin Sapien,Like swords but hate heads? perfect for the casual Executioner.
76561198044754362,Recommended,219640,5071223,"Posted: 14 November, 2012",all,Dannis the Mannis,Funnnnn
,Recommended,219640,508244,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,Angry Weasel,"First-person melee focused combat of the medieval persuasion. Objective, Free-for-all and deathmatch modes all which are fun. Swing a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sword or fire a crossbow and spam the 'warcry' key to ensure endless smiles."
,Recommended,219640,7591874,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Spacemallets,"This is an incredibly fun, immersing and brutal medieval warfare game. Enthralled and devoted players will find investing many chivalrous hours on this beautifully constructed tour de force."
,Recommended,219640,277253,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Matt_2k34,"Like TF2 with a Sword n Shield, AWESOME (Timing is EVERYTHING!) its not point and click like most other crap."
76561198006728604,Recommended,219640,2394129,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,[HKG] Dragoons,"冷兵器角色互砍,細仔的動作引擎、強烈的打擊感 必玩!"
,Recommended,219640,9211686,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Chaos Champion,"This game has one of the -WORST- communities in history, that is just chalk full of dip♥♥♥♥♥, idiots, massive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and just in general barely a step above APB's community.However, the gameplay is fun to an ungodly level with only a few janky hitboxes and shoddy hit-detection to really be a breaker for that. On the upside, they happen fairly rarely and usually are only abused by previously mentioned massive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Buy the game, get friends, and wade through the tidal wave of garbage and you'll enjoy the game so much more when you find a good server."
,Recommended,219640,5104514,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Ari Jr.,"An incredible breakthrough in gaming, the game itself was more than I expected, optional third or first person, much blood and gore, but everything somehow moderate :P"
76561198082783413,Recommended,219640,10783314,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Shinzoki,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a new take on the Call of Duty's of our time. This game is set in the Medieval times (obviously) and really lets you know that. The combat system is awesome. Hitting a foe is satisfying, and killing them is even more so, This game is absolutely great.8/10"
76561198005854239,Recommended,219640,11535746,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,S.T.O.N.E,Nice and enjoyable game when you feel like hacking and slashing someone!
76561198063665061,Recommended,219640,11536784,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Kise,NOICE.
,Recommended,219640,11537239,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,$ly👌,"Really good game, I had fun playing it and I still do.8.9/10"
76561198084647042,Recommended,219640,11538253,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,The Big Dipper,It has lots of Swag
,Recommended,219640,6950060,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Thorrwulf,"If you loved Mount and Blade, you will have an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with this! Its a fast and violent game, you need 2 or 3 days of practise, in this days you will die a lot and kill few people. When you understand the combat system you will have tons of fun, tear people in pieces with your sword and after press C for a battlecry! One of the best game i ever played!"
,Recommended,219640,11540558,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Sabaix,Fun to play
,Not Recommended,219640,11541210,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Mad Scientist,"This is a 10/10 game.But sadly,i have to do this,i have to vote NO for this game.There are so many crashes,that they make you uninstall this game.""We will fix the out of memory problem,in the next patch,guys!""AND THE NEXT PATCH IS :""Chivarly : Medieval Warfare has a new logo,update to the new patch to see it!""The developers are like... some 8  year old barbie fan girls,or something...?What the f**k is this? FIX THE GOD DAMN BUGS,DON'T RELEASE PATCHES WITH LOGOS,AND MENU VISUAL UPDATES!"
76561198040634048,Recommended,219640,11541347,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,mjercos,This game is utterly hilarious. Its amazing to just♥♥♥♥♥♥around with friends.
76561198137077990,Recommended,219640,10168576,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,moosewalk56,"♥♥♥♥ing folks with a big sword is new, first person sword fights in large crowds is something also new to me. This game is awesome... go buy it now"
,Recommended,219640,8186513,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,cadennn,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is great. The fighting mechanics are really interesting and unique. You have three ways to swing your weapon- LMB, up on the mouse wheel, and down on the mouse wheel. LMB is usually just a standard horizontal swing. Up on the mouse wheel is a stab or poke. And if you scroll down on the mouse wheel, you do an overhead attack. And you also use the right mouse button to block or parry. This makes a really realistic-feeling way of fighting. There's 4 classes, knight, vanguard, man-at-arms, and archer. Each one offering different weapons, armour, and speed. The reason I love this game so much is that you don't really get to experience the fighting as much in other games. It's so suspenseful and fun. There's a few different gamemodes, Team Objective, Team Deathmatch, Free For All, Last Team Standig, and Duel. There's about 14 different maps, all of them are a lot of fun, except Arena, everyone hates that one. The graphics are nice, and all of the maps and lighting look really pretty, until someone gets decapitated on the scene. Furthur on the combat, it's all about timing, when you swing or when you parry is really important. It's way more satisfying to kill someone with a sword and skill, than camping with a gun and shooting someone in CoD. The game's awesome, I've had some really amazing battles in this game that are so epic. That's what this game is, epic."
,Recommended,219640,11551992,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Xzarion,"Just a hell of a lot of fun. It's all about the combat and the combat is amazing. Weapons feel like they have weight to them and they behave accordingly when you try to swing them. My only complaint is really the playerbase beyond the official ""low rank"" servers. Some people have mastered the art of manipulating hit detection in a way that feels extremely cheap. Not everyone does it but those who do are sure to rub you the wrong way. If you can get past the fact that some people will be able to instantly decapitate you by bending backwards at a 90 degree angle and doing an overhead swing this game really will show you a great time."
76561197963386158,Recommended,219640,11553462,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Torrne666,"BEST GAME EVER!! Medieval first person view game with actual body dismemberment relating to where you strike the person....SOLD!!  Game modes are awesome also, capture the points, arena(like gladiator but with 30 odd people and triggerable traps etc..amazing) deathmatch,team deathmatch and many more unique modes. So glad i tried this and even more glad that i got it for 4.49 on a sale!! Get it now peeps cos it is ridiculous fun and the servers are always brimming with people to fight against :)"
,Recommended,219640,11555637,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,aasas,"Review for Deadliest Warrior that I can't review for some reason.Game is a lot of fun, server browser is broken beyond anything.Server say 20/20? Prepare to join a server with 1 other person. Happens EVERY single time. EVERY TIME. Imagine playing cs 1.6 and not knowing which servers were full of only bots. It's like that. Half your time is spent trying to find a server with other players.The game itself is pretty fun, but the balance is screwed up. 1 samurai can take on 2 ninjas easily, but 2 spartans will school 1 samurai. Pirate and ninja takes incredible skill to be able to kill anything 1v1 consistently. Kick is all messed up so all the spartan/viking has to do is spam hit which drains your stamina and that stops you from being able to kick meaning you have to alt swing and run to the left in hopes of getting around the shield, all while blocking. It can be done, but rarely against skilled opponets. The spartan is OP without spears, yet the game gives them 6. If you don't have a shield then you're screwed. 2 spears and you're done, but they have 6. Shield-bash + swing = you're dead. Too fast to block and they have to aim high if you want to crouch out of the slash. Basically if you are fighting a spartan and you aren't Nicholas Cage from Next, then fight them on a staircase and jump all over the place like an idiot. Feint and look-at-the-ground feint before alt-swings and you might land a good hit.If anything, they should do what War of the Roses did...break the shield if it takes too much damage. That's all it needs.Vikings are balanced as about as balanced as a spam swing class can be. Ninjas can easily be countered with a polearm or longsword with a wide swing. Feints work really well against ninjas who side-dodge instead of away-dodge. Run from Pirates, they either suck and will just boost your killstreak or they will completely wreck your world. Vikings make a ton of noise when attacking, even before animations begin, so they are easy to block and avoid feints. Samurai are tricky. Alt-swings work pretty well as do look-at-the-ground feints. If you're wondering what a look at the ground feint is, then just look at the ground quickly if you have a spear. Looks like you're going for a jab.So yeah, server browser is annoying, but I love the game. I have War of the Roses, but this is satisfying in a more annoying way. WotR was easy to get a hang of and wreck everyone, but my stubborness keeps telling me that I can get good at pirate/ninja, so I keep working for it in C: DW even though I do believe balance is REALLY messed up.Seriously, devs, get to it. Breakable shields after 5-10 hits and it's all good. Increase pirate health to 175% and ninja damage by 125% and you're good to go.You bet I recommend this game regardless of the terrible broken server browser. The fun to be had when you find a full server is unmatched. Ducking swings and side-stepping jabs is fantastic. Beware of laggers...you sometimes cannot block their attacks and you will watch your weapon go straight through them and do nothing. Still better than any Arma game though, so can't complain too much."
76561197962946642,Recommended,219640,9239272,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Steve Cook,Recommended!
,Recommended,219640,9241789,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,wut1,Amazing
76561197993293830,Recommended,219640,9242496,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Soup,LOVE IT!
,Recommended,219640,1812138,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Uncrustables,This Game is hilarious and SOOOOO much fun go watch some Youtube videos and start playing it!!!
,Recommended,219640,9262191,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,PhyDex,Big hammers and decapitation is great. FOR THE ORDER!
,Recommended,219640,9262361,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,LickMyShitterLikeAnAppleFritter,Absolutely amazing and fittingly hectic multiplayer
,Recommended,219640,6813033,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Jade Mage,"Among my favorite games for PC, if not my favorite. Brutal, headchopping, skullsmashing fun for the whole family."
76561198047521576,Recommended,219640,7435008,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Rawr.Mp4,"This game is medieval bloody,and gory fun"
76561198016759997,Not Recommended,219640,9266675,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,AzzyBear,"This game has one of the worst community ever. People kick you for no reason. If the gameplay itself is not serious (People laughing and taunting) I don't see why playing with my own strategy bothers people alot (burning people, I don't burn teammates). Don't buy this awful game, you'll get kicked the moment you join a server."
,Recommended,219640,3944427,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,Geoff,"If you like smashing and crushing peoples heads off, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,219640,5738796,"Posted: 5 February, 2013",all,Cindar,"Awesome original game, loads of different gametypes, death matches, arena fight, objectives, plus you can take off someones head with a hammer :)"
76561197992799899,Recommended,219640,9251767,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Frosty_snake,"I reccomend the crap out of this game, It's better than a reach around from an affectionate monkey"
76561198068460067,Recommended,219640,8884201,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,PredatoR hellcase.com,it is fun
,Recommended,219640,13208732,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,DELTA2ALPHA,"I wasn’t sure what to expect going into this game. I had heard mixed reviews and with the last Steam sale, I caved and finally got a copy. I am really glad I did. It isn’t without its bugs but it has by far the best melee combat system I have seen so far. Throw in a touch of Monty Python humour and you have a funny and fun game that will really have you laughing and cringing at the carnage and dialog."
76561198002058160,Recommended,219640,13187045,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Deathstalker,Requires little skill to start but requires such finesse to become great that there is a huge amount of room to improve.The dueling servers are your best friend when it comes to increasing your skill and the team servers are amazing fun to run around cutting knights down.
76561198086805674,Recommended,219640,13187758,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,aaustin11111,hello this is my say abot this game btw try read past my grammer mistakes and spelling here we go : chivary was a fun game with teamwork fighting and mutch mor its fun becus its a fast pace game with a few cool moves most games wont probly use f to kick and q to flint  also i liked eatch class had ther speal abillty type move i hily recmend it for buying thow beware itl make you rage it did alot for me but at times it was still fun :3 hope you buy it and have a great time btw i dont own it but hope buy it in future have fun and remember AIM FOR THE HEAD AND CHOP IT CLEAN OFF.
,Recommended,219640,13188520,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,shtuk,Punched my friend so hard his head fell off10/10 -ign
76561197976828058,Not Recommended,219640,13190432,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Devo,Not worth $4.
,Recommended,219640,13193358,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,F051,"First ten seconds of been playing, take my bow and only saw a head reaped off the victim body...WHY NOT? RECOMENDED."
76561198059726382,Recommended,219640,13181185,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,DellAnno,Awesome game with unique gameplay mechanics with class-based systems and different weapons to suit your play style. My style is a sword-wielding Vanguard. What's yours? Too busy playing this game to write a long♥♥♥♥♥complex review.
76561198023041304,Not Recommended,219640,13182936,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Musicman,"here is why...-Combat mechanics broken, simple glitch and exploit combos. every ♥♥♥♥ing player runs around looking at ground like ♥♥♥♥ing ghouls couse you cant see them attacking or blocking and they can hit you quicker while looking down....-Classes are ♥♥♥♥ing illusions couse everyone picks vanguard or knight; i dont blame them couse these so called classes are tanks and oneshot other classes while the other classes ( archer and man at arms) needs some 4-5 hits to take them down. Whats the ♥♥♥♥ing point ???The fun ends as soon as you hit 16th rank. after that no blocking no feinting no nothing just helicopter swings duckings  jumpings vanguards and knights. Dont buy this it doesnt worth the money."
76561198089628016,Recommended,219640,13186143,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Derfel,"Jump back in The Dark Age, awesome game by the way"
,Not Recommended,219640,13186482,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,apdosp01,This game is rage inducing. Don't play it.
,Recommended,219640,16115397,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,PRINCY,DO U LIKE TO BASH PEOPLE? IF U DO THIS IS THE GAME FOR U!
,Recommended,219640,11612462,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,GeneralFate,"One of the best games i have played for  a while,Really fun and time passes by when in game... Would definatly recommend this to anyone."
76561198074188093,Recommended,219640,11614632,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Jose,Hack'n'Slash Dem People!
,Recommended,219640,11616740,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Absolute Nonce,"Great game. But this new update sucks in my opinion, it feels too different. But still, it used to be a lot of fun. Still is slightly..."
76561198067832376,Recommended,219640,11624133,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Capitão,"I had a blast playing this game for the first time and I'm still having now. If you are looking for a dynamic, gruesome and heck of a fun First Person medieval type game, this was made for you. Seriously, if you are a fan of Medieval Battles, you'll have the best 3 hours of your life, why? Because you'll die.. A LOT. And it's quite fun to see how you die! However, after those hours of playing, you'll start to get frustrated because you want to play better. After, let's say, 20 hours or so,  you'll begin to get better and kill a lot more then you usually did, and oooooooooooooh boy, that's when the games begin.Are you still reading, tho? GO BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,219640,11625824,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Taxor # tzuyu the best,sdfsdfsdfsdfsdfsdfsdfewrwerwer
76561198007892234,Recommended,219640,11511741,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,bigdogs7274,"The game has a very difficult time trying boot, and run."
76561197980724414,Recommended,219640,11513221,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,danjel,kill people. very fun hack and slash -type game. just buy it.
,Not Recommended,219640,11514806,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Burrito Daddy,It gets boring after 10 mins :(
,Recommended,219640,11514962,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Dyzon csgogem.com,"This game is the dope fresh ness man its so cool yo yo you can have light saber battles and giant slayer battles and normal battles and lots of battles, would wait for it to be on sale before you buy it though, $25 is probably a bit much but 5-10 dollars is good price, so if on sale and you don't own, MUST BUY"
,Recommended,219640,11515063,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,TiZ,Good
,Recommended,219640,11515579,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Vonsha☣,I LOVETHIS GAME!!example why: one swift blow to the head with a mace or a flail and there head explodes!The end....might updat in the future OoOoOoOoOo
,Recommended,219640,11515626,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,jsnipy,Really fun game. Fighting games aside this has a good amount of depth for a melee system. The system is far better than the likes of Skyrim/Oblivion. The game has a good variety of weapons and a decent selection of maps/modes.Downside for me was how stubborn the bindings were. I'm an arrow key player so I shift stuff around. Bindings did not seem to take the first time (hitting save or not). Changing a binding still left the old key/mouse click under utility forcing me to assign some controls to a bogus key to get them removed.All in all certainlty worth the $6.
,Not Recommended,219640,11517429,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Apachewasorus,In the past I would've said yes immediately to installing and playing this game... But after the updates and the developers ignoring the players I would say no... It's funny how a game can go from great to really bad.
,Recommended,219640,11517614,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,OrangeSpy,"I came, I saw, I decapitated all my friends... Enough said..."
,Recommended,219640,11517849,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,4Lx,A fun game to throw some time in with quite a steep learning curve but hilarious nonetheless.8/10
76561198036072474,Recommended,219640,11517956,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Welshman,I like this game alot it give me a feeling about older times it makes me think im there it gives a good sword fight feeling.
76561198052295595,Recommended,219640,11519628,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Raider,"""Like Skyrim with knigths""-Machinima"
76561198110879819,Recommended,219640,11519689,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,King Kuck,GET IT
76561198074794598,Recommended,219640,11520287,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Danulator12,Great game...
76561198096556067,Not Recommended,219640,14698171,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,armand1203,"The word for this game is ""connection lost"". at the point that you cant practically play it. Also the weapons and Armor for sale are not available for your character in the  multiplayer match game, so what is the point of paying for it."
76561198045143739,Recommended,219640,14729944,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Andry,For Glory and Honor.
,Recommended,219640,14729950,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ÜberNyan,"Basically it's arm-chopping, head-rolling, army-screaming, guts-flying, blood-spilling good.+Pros:Amazing AtmosphereAwesome visualsEngaging combatActually Fun Multiplayer-Cons:Other than the stupid vote kicks it's pretty much a must-have ;)9/10PS: If your more familiar with IGN's review system here:+PROS:EVERYTHING-CONSISN'T COD4/10"
,Recommended,219640,14730411,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,NastyShoT,Heads will roll.
,Recommended,219640,14730470,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,SourBoy,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198046164563,Recommended,219640,14730585,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Bimmerbag,"This game has thee most inteste PvP i've seen to date. Most technical, skill oriented game out there for PvP Melee Battle!"
,Recommended,219640,14733178,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Scyllllllla,This game is super rad
76561198005807271,Recommended,219640,14733808,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,bobzamida,Chivalry: Medieval Warfare was one of the best experiances I've had in years. Just get a headset and scream into the mic like a madman.The hit detection isn't perfect but its better then most multiplayer melee games I've played.Highly reccomended especially at the sale price!
76561198108888178,Recommended,219640,14733925,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,[BROTY] GhostofMandalore,"I really like this game.  It's fun and really awesome!  However, the people on this game are abusive to newcomers who are struggling to figure the controls and try not to team kill.  I mean seriously, these guys are merciless.  You can just ignore the whole chat thing and continue on, but eventually they'll try and kick you for team damage.  Attempting to not harm your fellow man is difficult, so usually I just stand back and watch a fight go on, or try and flank around the enemy and fight one on one.  Overall the game is great.  The players? Not so much."
,Recommended,219640,14734758,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,OneToLookOutFor,Call of Duty- Games of Thrones.Nuff said.
,Recommended,219640,14735942,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,kilerskorpion,Recommend it if you like to play medival games; really intense
76561198053611724,Recommended,219640,11799082,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,W.J. Diedrich,"Immersive, goofy, gory and fun!"
,Recommended,219640,6463167,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,MustardTiger,Fun.
76561198140722137,Recommended,219640,11803195,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,"Sir Taddius, of the Giants","Great game, I was walking along a wall when a ballista arrow killed my guy with so much force he flew off into space to orbit the sun."
,Recommended,219640,4717043,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Kpak,"It's like only the fighting scenes of Game of Thrones, sooo good!"
,Recommended,219640,11805532,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Hawke,"Love this game,Spawned, got ran around and got my leg cut of and when I died the guy who killed me teabagged me. Spawned again and an arrow made my head blow up. best game ever!Takes a while to get into the game and get the hang of it. Play on the N00b servers first (highlighted in green) to get used to the game. play as vanguard which is easiest class to learn."
,Recommended,219640,11793222,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,sick_puppy_tri,"FPS multiplayer with melee weapons (and some arrows and throwing knives).What is there to say, it's fast, brutal action. You can have some nice tactical duels, but watch your back, or a third party sneaks up on you an clubs you in the back with a warhammer.If you are looking for a quick way to vent some frustration (or build new frustration, depending on your skill level) look no more."
76561198059338578,Recommended,219640,9332927,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Jackyboy051,"Very good game, i enjoy this game because of unlimited possibilites of making some one explode or even their head just pop! :D"
76561198065751448,Recommended,219640,11794396,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Away_,I just threw a javelin through someones headstraight out his neck...he asphyxiates on his own blood and falls to his knees.If I want I can chop his head off or bash it to pieces with my shield before he hits the floor.Whats not to like?
,Not Recommended,219640,11396898,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Brennan Huff,"This goes for both the game and DLC.While Chivalry is extremely entertaining, it is easily the most aggervating game I've played.This game is so unbalanced it is unreal, it seems like the developers don't even care, I just love it when someone is pulling there sword away from an unsuccessful stab and they walk forward one step and it still does full damage! Or how a polearm's model doesn't touch me and I still get hit!The community is easily the worst out of any game, right next to gmod that is, this game is FULL of unoriginal trolls and people who don't deserve the clothes on their backs, lines you'll hear often: ""U MAD"" ""HE MAD"" ""TEARS"" great representitives of the community no?With both things said I cannot recommend this if you don't have patience, also, Chivalry, you owe me a new pair of headphones.Edit: Uninstalling, this game is hazardous to my possesions and my health, literally.Edit 2: Worst ♥♥♥♥ing community in any game...horrendus, makes the Gmod community look good, you can expect random vote kicks, dancing pieces of trash and stupid ♥♥♥♥s all around.TORN BANNER SHOULD BE ASHAMED.I want my money back."
76561198036980342,Recommended,219640,4427365,"Posted: 11 November, 2012",all,Brave Sir Robin,For those that like braining people with pointed sticks.
,Recommended,219640,3002916,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,twitch.tv/grimarth,"one of the most fun multiplayer games i ever played... if you are tired of the classic pew pew fps games, this is what you are looking for."
,Recommended,219640,12472716,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Vector,really good game to play with friends. only recomend if you have friends that play this game
,Recommended,219640,12473448,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Haunted-Greg™,"Hack, slash and teamkill your way to victory.This game is loads of fun, it's much like Team Fortress 2, but set in medevil times."
76561198047161491,Recommended,219640,5266254,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,Clonii,"Exceptionally fun, Sword Combat is Easy to learn but hard to master, Sword fights are fast paced and exciting, I highly recommend you pick it up."
76561198031982094,Recommended,219640,4095829,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Missile Target,Pull out your fists and fight like a MAAAAAAN!
76561198067295791,Recommended,219640,6485290,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Asanran,cool
,Recommended,219640,11477962,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Flanno,Screaming Simulator10/10
78708472326341241,Not Recommended,219640,12505987,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Charles Darwin,"Okay so when you first get this game the novelty is overwhelming there is no experience exactly like it but yet  its not a good one, This game has a bad community, Bugs like no one's business (I mean combat bugs that means it shatters the game end and point). With simple camera swing and DPI the game is shattered with one hit weapons and bugs that give unfair and unintended advantages. I have waited months for the devs to adress the issues or at least one of them but no that won't happen and as far as the gameplay goes a strategic thing or 1v1s rarely happen you are normally rushed or your oppenent is rushed always is the same. Small children flood the game with immaturity and while this is an ignorable thing and isn't all that much an issue just don't look for a team experience from this. It isn't as if I haven't given this game its fair try you won't like it unless you are one of the people who use bugs to win and if you are okay with that then its all for you but I would say until the bugs are adressed that this game is worth somewhere between 5-10$ maximum with no bugs whatsoever maybe 15$ but not 20$ its a very linear gameplay style. With only very slight variations which turns mostly into a hack and slash."
,Recommended,219640,12506097,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,[M]erc,"Do you like doing over-the-top insane violence to your fellow man? Get this game if you answered yes. Why play other competitive multiplayer games when this one let's you chop the heads off of your opponents, even after they are just a destroyed corpse laying on the ground.It's a lot of fun to play in a full lobby, but keep in mind that there's nothing here for solo players. Active servers aren't necessarily plentiful at this point, but it is still reasonably easy to get into a game.Most of the achievements are very straightforward and attainable. You'll get almost all of them just for playing the game and getting kills with each class of weapon. However, there are a couple that are going to be almost impossible to get naturally for the 100% and will likely require a friend's help."
,Recommended,219640,12510307,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Tyto Alba,Good game with good people the people who play this are usually quite friendly and very nice.
,Recommended,219640,12516612,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Random,"fun game, archers are my favorite."
76561198104543038,Recommended,219640,12516936,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Texan of Ʌ∈ǤIS,YES i do it is awesome
76561198156446688,Recommended,219640,12648642,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,vindolf2014,"Its an extremely fun and addicting, the graphics are good and the gameplay too. No story, multiplayer, microtransactionunfortunatly but Torn banner is not forcing you to (its for armors and weapons).  9/10"
,Recommended,219640,12650660,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,The Duke of Swellington,"The learning curve on this one is steep, but as far as the (blossoming) slate of online medieval combat simulators go, this is the best."
76561198130323941,Not Recommended,219640,12651093,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Skeletor,"So when I started this game it was OK I started with bots and I liked it! Then my world flipped my friend who was bad at most games started being the better. I confused as hell stumbled upon my confusion, and without a doubt my sword passes through my opponents head and yet he insta-kills me with a DAGGER. <what the ♥♥♥♥ is this i say as i respawn and soon get killed by the same guy with a puny little dagger rushing me like they are the♥♥♥♥♥♥and i who has just played like 10 minutes gets killed by a little lvl 50 with a dagger. What is life i ask as i rage. then i come up with the answer maybe this game is not what it is exactly lead up to be MAYBE these lvl 50s are just my imagination and these daggers are just me having a weird dream but no i dont accept this is not real and i do warn you reader if u do get this game prepare to get ""♥♥♥♥ed right in the ♥♥♥♥♥"" by little lvl 50s with daggers even though u are armored as ♥♥♥♥ and have a battleaxe. - An ANGRY as♥♥♥♥♥♥Gamer"
,Recommended,219640,1657195,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,aptekarr,ЯЯАААААААААААААААААРРРРР!!!!
76561198098598092,Not Recommended,219640,12534570,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Rhabdo,There's nothing more frustrating than having to unlock the same weapons over & over again because of an achievement bug that the devs apparently still haven't fixed... makes a potentially great game just mediocre.
,Recommended,219640,12535281,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,BuckinTweet,"Some of the most immersive, challenging, dire and exciting combat I've ever seen in a multiplayer game... evolves the typical Rock paper scissors formatting of most modern games into something truely based on player skill. A++"
76561198152721453,Recommended,219640,12535306,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,比,Do not listen to the people that say the game is buggy or that it is too hard. Those people are cowardly garbage.
76561198066063630,Recommended,219640,12535718,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kup,this is the game that gives me the most freedom 420/10
,Recommended,219640,12536733,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Dr.Northy,"it's true what they say, chivalry is dead. especially since this game makes me want to vomit.pis 0f gem"
,Recommended,219640,12537845,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Fuck,The game is really enjoyable and can give you hours of fun. but the thing i hate about it is the fact that it uses micro transactions after you buy the game for $25!
,Recommended,219640,12538532,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Bamzu,good game 5/5
,Recommended,219640,12540899,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,THE RETURN OF Hitsballs,CoD with swords. What else could you want?
76561198076505883,Recommended,219640,14949461,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Vegetable Madness,Most realistic medieval fighting game.9/10
,Recommended,219640,9145378,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,GloriousLeaderC,"Upon launching this game I suddenly starting shouting battle cries at the top of my lungs which resulted in my neighbors calling the police out of concern.  When the police arrived at my house they found me shirtless with newly grown chest hair screaming at the top of my lungs, ""AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!""  Needless to say as an honor bound knight I threw my gauntlet to the feet of the closest officer and challenged him to a duel."
,Not Recommended,219640,14920745,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,M4GD1ANYU5,Tried stabbing from behind my shield... didn't work -> Got rekt by archers
,Recommended,219640,14965733,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,always gotta poop,"There is nothing like this game. It's a FPS but mostly melee, and if you aren't melee, you're a ♥♥♥♥♥♥! JK. This game is really awesome. Attempting to unlock all of the challenges will make you more skilled at it too."
76561198140004453,Recommended,219640,14613074,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Wolverine,"This game is pretty great. Nice selection of classes each with their own benefits and drawbacks: Archer, Man at Arms, Vanguard, and Knight. Each class has an array of fun and different weapons to play with. Unlock new weapons by getting kills. (Though I must say that this gliches sometimes and you get set back a bit). This game is great fun especially if you have some good friends to play with and rage with. (Rage will be involved with this game and is quite comical at times, for example, when you swoop in with the vanguard to lop off the heads of your friends who were dueling for the past 2 minutes). The modding community is also very cool and has created modes like black knight which all Monty Python fans should enjoy (You can continue fighting even after loosing limbs, unless of course you loose your sword arm and are reduced hobbling away from your iminent demise) Awesome college dorm room fun.A few things to note:-The ""good"" players are really good but this is due to the very high skill cap of this game, you can always get better and discover weird new tecniques.-There is single player against bots.-The game controls very well.-The graphics are nice but you have to option to turn them down if it isn't running well.-Firebombs will become the bane of your existence.-Dead bodies rag doll and flop around a bit which is kinda funny sometimes.- The Claymore, Messer, Maul, and Forked Spear are my favorite weapons (only because there are no Adamantium claws).In short, this is a fantastic game"
76561197997109432,Recommended,219640,1731529,"Posted: 14 December, 2012",all,Ezykeyal,"Call of Duty with medieval weaponry... fun hack and slash, limbs flying all over the place and not looking too bad!"
,Recommended,219640,15124756,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jespazzy,"Punched my teammate through an enemy, killed them both.~Just Chivalry Things~8/8"
,Recommended,219640,9383817,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Catschwag,Its a game ur not good at its a game that needs alot of practice but in the end really fun
76561198038750779,Recommended,219640,4540435,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Into The Great Wide Open,Tis but a flesh wound! Have some fun chopping off heads in this great multiplayer game!
76561198050162710,Recommended,219640,15117855,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Madpack,I would reccomend that you buy this game
76561198055212231,Recommended,219640,5801829,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,peter,game of my life !
,Recommended,219640,14315540,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Pevster,1) Pressed start2) Battle music played3) Went into a game4) Cut someones head off5) Laughed at their head that was rolling away10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,219640,14317594,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Viikatemies,"A solid multiplayer game with knights and junk. I really don't know what else to say about it other than IT""S CHEAP ENOUGH CHEAPOS!Highly recommend to play with friends.8/10"
76561197966559475,Recommended,219640,12599397,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Axegrinder,Now this is serious fun ..
76561198157518997,Recommended,219640,12599764,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Silver_Snake41,Awesome game it is a really fun game but the only issue I hav with chivalry is it lags alot but other than that it is a fun game.
,Recommended,219640,6706505,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Black Lizard,This game is the best first person slasher I have ever played. It is the one game where mashing buttons makes you die.
76561197990659472,Recommended,219640,1283767,"Posted: 24 October, 2012",all,LostPromise,it's different then other PVP games this game is all about traditional face to face brutal combat that we can only imagine how it went down on the battlefield and sounded like in the medieval era especially when heads/ limbs are removed/ spattered.... my favorite LOL!!!!!
76561198042363338,Not Recommended,219640,12577037,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Janitak,"The game barely works and has a terrible community. Every update released makes it work less and less.If you can get it to work without bugs, adjust the sound so you can't hear anything other players are saying as soon as you can and try to never look at the in game chat. Expect players to vote you out of a server if your ping is over 120, if you're on the winning team and have a good kill/death ratio, on the losing team and have a bad kill/death ratio, if you're playing an archer, or if someone's throwing a temper tantrum.A couple years ago this was an excellent game but not anymore."
76561198084008797,Recommended,219640,12577393,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Spice,"I can kill a large group of people with a simple wood axe, without taking damage.......11/10 would play again."
,Recommended,219640,12578410,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,[Omega] Snek,"This is an amazing game. While the controls may be somewhat difficult the core game is woderful. Also, beaaaarrrrrrrrghgjhj! 8/10"
76561198033346195,Recommended,219640,12578626,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,heroonline142,Endless Head Bashing and Body Stabbing makes Melee fights in other games seem so tamed.
76561197980968301,Recommended,219640,12578745,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Magic Johnson,Is rly gud
76561198069687796,Recommended,219640,12579182,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,-TIM- Cancerous,I loved this game since 2012 and i still do now thank you for making such a good game
76561197960472799,Recommended,219640,12579624,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,plate,"Surely one of the best multiplayer melee FPS games around today. And the key component for any multiplayer game is fulfilled, a thriving and longstanding community.The wonderful thing about primarily melee based fps games (not forgetting our archer friends) is that the majority of your fights are won based on skill and positioning alone, not the quick clutch reflex or camping of another. The melee fights are great, smooth and fluid, good footwork and timing essential.Pick your class and hack away. This one's well worth the investment. There is an initial learning curve but you shouldn't be battling the controls for long."
,Recommended,219640,12579626,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Zeph_,The game is good... but you have to prepre yourself... YOU ARE GONNA RAGE A BIT... just sayin.. always some one that is better tha  you all the damn time!6/11
,Recommended,219640,7716602,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,MisterDiddelz,it's like Call of Duty in the Middle Ages............... and that is one hell of an accomplishment
,Recommended,219640,11509632,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,ムTOKiO,Really good game
76561197965399173,Recommended,219640,12586475,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Blitzkrieg11B,Great for logging on for about 30 min to blow some steam. I love the battle cry feature and the hack and slash gameplay!
,Recommended,219640,12586542,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,-DI- Abi,"Incredibly easy to learn and become okay at whilst maintaining that incredibly hard to master aspect, this leads to varying skill levels being closely matched but with those who are more skilled winning. I LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,219640,12586768,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,duck,Magnificent.
76561198083568393,Not Recommended,219640,8817264,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Silvrskull,The absolute worst game that I've ever played...
,Not Recommended,219640,8817335,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,FaithAlone,"Game is beautiful but its borring think of hiting someone with a sword u get shot buy a arrow and die u respawn your hiting some one with a sword you kill him the you start hiting the next dude with your sword then you get shoot with arrow and the next hit from a sword kills you then you respawn. This is all that happens, its slow , and monotonous‎. Te game devs had a great idea and nice gfx's however there is nothing to do. It would be cool if your fighting to overthrough or defend the castels you are fighting at using cannons and other war things to pushthe attack but all you do is fight for nothing. The game is huge also I have a 1tb hard drive and its not a big deal but its just one more thing I dont like, since I already dont like it lol."
76561197998031858,Recommended,219640,8817634,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Hexus,"Medival Warfare is great.  Absolutely classic.  I will play this game for years to come.Deadliest Warror:  This game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ it won't let me make a review on the page even though I own it.  It's not so much a DLC as it is another game that has almost zero tie in with the original thus splitting the community in 2.  The majority stilly play the original.   Do not buy, would not recommend.Play this game, not the DLC.  You'll thank me for it."
76561198030419518,Not Recommended,219640,8819900,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,FuZ,"Honestly, this game looks insane, but I regret buying it.. One of my favorite eras in history, if not my favorite, is the Medieval era; having a game take place during this epic time period would seem like a dream come true to people you enjoy this time in our worlds history. If you watch videos on this game its easy to be impressed, and while the fighting mechanics can some times seem to be more luck than skill, or even spammy, this could have, again, could have been amazing..If you're getting the sneaky suspecion that I am about to say something ""deal breaking"", your right. Check the forums. For alot of people, including me, this game just does not run.. Seriously.. I bought this game on sale and cheap so I am not too mad about it. This game simply doesn't start and if you're wondering what I mean, I'm being literal.. It doesn't work... It will crash 100% of the time for most people who bought it, which is a damn shame.. So don't buy this game...."
,Recommended,219640,8820709,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Zyrer,Extremely fun and well thought out game. Weapons making contact is extremely fine tweaked and battles feel realistic.
76561198073129661,Recommended,219640,8823762,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Leadback,please make it for mac this is my favorite game and i just switched computers
,Recommended,219640,8824048,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,zero,No guns only swords and bows and axes and melleee wepons kinda okay zzzz i hate acually zzz refund pls
,Recommended,219640,8809020,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,davidks2009,Really good swordplay.
76561198056481822,Recommended,219640,8814508,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,El Maquina,nice game with awesome gameplay
76561198095909397,Recommended,219640,8814730,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Spaceman,This game is alot of fun but to get to that you have to spend alot of time lerning how to play. Prepare to get killed over and over again and again.
76561197996250334,Recommended,219640,8815703,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,TEN_DAMAGE,much swordsmany decapitations
76561198060996012,Recommended,219640,8825195,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,The Strigoi,"Such an amazing game, It can be hard at first but that just makes it more fun!"
,Recommended,219640,8825957,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Big Destiny,Brutal game. Call of Duty with swords
76561197989371570,Recommended,219640,1214199,"Posted: 22 October, 2012",all,deercaz,fun
76561198020399102,Recommended,219640,8827129,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,D4681,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare has an immersive atmosphere which shines when you dominate on the nbattlefield, not for the typical fps shooter."
76561198038468876,Recommended,219640,8827701,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,♠ Priest,"Amazing game, loads of fun, excpecially Deadliest Warrior, yeah, heaps of fun."
76561198094310797,Recommended,219640,8829456,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,waldo,"I love this game so F%#KING much. Buy it. Trust me.I just hate the community :/. Some people you play with are pretty cool, but usually everyone is just there to flex their e-peen and show you why the youth of today are satanic demon spawns who believe talking♥♥♥♥♥♥on the internet proves their manhood. Play it to have fun and steer clear of trolls, they aren't worth your time."
76561197961546285,Recommended,219640,11813177,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,xeoburn,deadliest warrior # 1
,Recommended,219640,11815440,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Blo0dLusT,"This game started as a Half-Life 2 mod, and it was tons of fun. I'd play it for quite a while with all my friends and slowly it died out. The people who made it, knew what they wanted in this game, and they knew they couldn't do it with Source. They created this standalone game, and that is just such the right move. Both Chivalry: Medival Warfare and Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior are great games to just casually dismember your friends with some devestating weapons. The game is pretty solid, and tons of fun. It's one of those games that you play just out of nowhere. You got nothing to do: play this game, you wanna have a chop-up-your-friends party: play this game, and if you want to just experience something pretty fresh and new in an FPS: play this game. This game shows quite a bit of intrigue with me and my friends that play it with me, we all load it up and play for a couple hours whenever we feel like it, just cause it's got great intrigue and it's fun to play. The graphics are pretty good, they add to the gameplay a little with how you can dismember your friends (and a lot of times- yourself). The sound is very good, and very important to listen to for footsteps and all that to make sure you don't get flanked.FeaturePreformanceStorytelling / Intrigue9Graphics9Sound10"
,Recommended,219640,6247583,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,odiie,Go to youtube and check out some gameplay.  It's worth looking into.  PvP is great.
76561198001019233,Recommended,219640,11977896,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Chunder,.
,Recommended,219640,11978971,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,King Farage the 1st of UKIP,if this game was a potato it would be a good potato
76561198068987821,Recommended,219640,11982158,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Senpai_Medimedes_Panny,this is all the good things of medevil times and video games put together
,Recommended,219640,13633332,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,xxxxxxxxxxd,the  best hack n slash game  ever
,Recommended,219640,13569011,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,haltsmaulundz0ck,a beautiful and brutal clusterfuqq 10/10
,Recommended,219640,13569279,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Exaemo,Profuse manly yelling and the clashing and clanking of steel. What the hell do you want more?
76561198030756396,Recommended,219640,13570762,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"I did buy this game long ago, when everything was bugged and developers were busy to create dlc. They did dlc, no one plays that. They started to update main game = 100% more fun.No more stats loss, no more 200 ping, no more shuttering, fps is stable, ui is good looking, fun to kill masons.Year ago, i would not be recommended this game anybody. Now.. just buy it allready!"
76561198030252109,Recommended,219640,13571773,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,antoniobradiano,Very good game.
76561198011600870,Recommended,219640,13559063,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Devilman,My head got cut off and rolled down a hillSomebody hit me in the head with a rock and my head exploded into gooHighly recommended
,Recommended,219640,13572826,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mah Boi,"This is far from a ""hack n' slash"" and is based on realistic combat, strategy and thought are required to be sucessful with this game.  You will get a taste of what it was like to be in combat hundreds of years ago, and the unreal 3 engine really brings the gameworld to life with hd visuals and realistic lighting/ physics.  So if you want an adrenaline fueled, realistic taste of medieval combat this is your game."
76561198072351811,Recommended,219640,13573041,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Br'er Rabbit,Solid game. Shame about the microtransactions.
,Recommended,219640,13573949,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Novus,"Amazing game i bought it when it was on sale and would again, completely worth the money. Lots of exciting and bloody moments in battle and they happen constantly."
76561198025652519,Recommended,219640,13573960,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Bot Tim,"a few bugs that need to be dealth with, does lag a bit, but its the first games of its kind ive played and i loved it"
76561198103207330,Recommended,219640,13573977,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,GlobalToast,This game IS SO MUCH FUN
76561198051101453,Not Recommended,219640,13574025,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,lloladin,good game but i disklike the pay to get weapons/armor
,Recommended,219640,13613382,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,=★= SAVAGE,Awesome game 10/10
,Recommended,219640,13614206,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,adam,its ok
,Recommended,219640,13614813,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[FuoM]VoLcaNoTurTle,It's hard to get mad at this game it's so funny. If you want crazy Medieval action then this is your game
,Recommended,219640,6539979,"Posted: 10 November, 2012",all,BeamHD,Awesome Game! Though steep learning curve!
,Recommended,219640,13625036,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Holo The Wise,"Jumped off a bridge, did a 360, cleaved someone in half with an axe while landing. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,18574651,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,SugarPsycho,Best Hack and slash ever
,Recommended,219640,18574749,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Dysentery Green,Pretty good game. I die really quick but can still get 3 kills in one swing of a sword.
76561198206185413,Not Recommended,219640,18571908,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,joshmav,"it's just c r a p gets boring after an hour of playing against players with over a 1000 hours on the game, graphics are decent and some good gory kills but that's about all this game has going for it."
,Not Recommended,219640,18569279,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,RAGE darky,"This game is so bad in terms of community. The concept is great and gameplay is decent but they are all ruined by stupid aggro kids making kick votes, lags and massive hacking."
76561198101729272,Not Recommended,219640,18597453,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,OZ-3,Игра унылое ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о
,Recommended,219640,18589495,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,richordrich,"yes very good gameplay but i just wish it only costs 5 dollars like last week i didnt have time to buy it and now its way more than what i can afford. :(, but good 10, 10 would play again."
,Recommended,219640,818723,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Distorted,"If arena fighting, satisfying pvp and Jedi Knight II style combat is your thing, then you're sure to get a kick out of Chivalry. Built with UDK, players are locked into arena-style maps or some (less popular) progressive capture style maps in a blood crazed deathmatch of steel and sword that doesn't slow down for a moment. The combat mechanics are more advanced than point and click, since you have to know what style of attack to use, when to use it, how to fake out opponents, when to kick them to drop their guard, and more. When more than two people get into a scrap, it can easily spiral down into chaos and teamkilling, making things even more ridiculous. Worth it if it's on sale."
76561198252737876,Recommended,219640,18582469,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,seaneagles12,Having played the demo for this on xbox 360 i was'nt expecting to much from this game.however i was very wrong as this is great fun and very enjoyable highly recommended.
,Recommended,219640,18586265,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,iukea,Best game ever if you have good internet
,Recommended,219640,18581835,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,HD Hero,"I got this game on the steam sale £3. I played it for 3 hours with a friend and honestly Its been a whole lot of fun. Really nice graphics smooth game play not had a single frame rate drop. There is something very soothing about shooting a guy in the face at 100 yards with a slow moving arrow that makes sniper rifles seem over rated, Also chopping off someones head as a charging vanguard is pretty fun too. all around good experience so far."
76561198160191070,Not Recommended,219640,18579604,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,RI,"In Thailand ping 300 , please fix a game"
76561198033741945,Recommended,219640,18579725,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,"""I am Groot""","this game is cool if u want something quick to play. Don't play this game too much, it will get boring. i play this 15 min a day and its a lot of fun. i'd like to keep it that way. The game is very different from others and that makes is cool"
,Recommended,219640,18931481,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Rix,Much autism
76561198107363444,Recommended,219640,18938405,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Jannah Rorl,"I've been reading a lot of reviews and i see a lot of negatives. I dont particularly agree with them, but then again Im not a professional player either. If youre looking for a truly fun and brutal game, this is the one. Sure, some people might be higher skilled and exploit some parts of the game, but its still fun nonetheless as long as youre not a rager. I highly recommend the game. Super fun to play"
76561198182635774,Recommended,219640,18934858,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Buschbursche,"This Game is hard, but alot of fun. The weapons are balanced and every one really should be played in a slightly different way. The sound effects are great and hilarious. They should be more unlockables like weapon skins that dont require real money but maybe some more will come in the Future. Considering i bought it for 4,59€ on a sale there really isnt anything for me to complain about."
76561198191989961,Recommended,219640,26090319,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,I laugh before i Die,Great game
,Recommended,219640,10992300,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SakaNoome サカ,Taunt Spammer 201410/10 Would Taunt Again.
,Not Recommended,219640,26097096,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,remroll3r,I got vac banned for having microsoft server running in the background thats bs!
76561198066536231,Recommended,219640,26097689,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Unyix,DeusVult
76561198125528348,Recommended,219640,26098128,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,WiseManNero,to put it simply the community is toxic if your good you'll get kicked if you just barely graze one of your teamates you'll get kicked if someone dosn't like your choice of customization you'll get kicked if someone just feels like trolling you yes it does happen your probably gonna get kicked and if the enemy team has enough people that know each other they'll dismantle your team by kicking them one by one i don't recommend anyone to this game that finds this crap particularly annoying trust me you'll thank me when your keyboard is still on your desk and not hurtling out the window
76561198189118669,Recommended,219640,26096359,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,popcorn,"Игра хороша , играю рыцарем и убиваю всех только так игра для своих 44 рублей просто прекраса цена слишком низка если говорить о деньгах . Всем советую покупайте скорее , а то игроков мало )"
,Not Recommended,219640,26096432,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Rick's Dead Body,"I liked this game because it is addicting to bash player's heads off in the game. However, I bought this game only because it was on sale for $2. I don't think the price should be $30 because it isn't really a modern game anymore. I mean come on! It supports Windows XP! I recommend only buying this game if it is on sale.Pros:AddictiveMany classesCons:Not a lot of weaponsThe training is as tough as hellGraphics are not as good as the trailer makes it appear to beReally glitchy on newer machinesCrashes a lotIt has a lot of gameplay lagStartup takes foreverOutdatedOnly for old computers such as Windows Vista or Windows XP"
76561198217017449,Recommended,219640,26096624,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Naygas,Great game. Very difficult for some players. If you are going to play this game make sure you know your way around a keyboard.
76561198008328211,Recommended,219640,26096957,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Radical Tissue Paper,Game is too hard....I recommend it for gamers who lose their patience easily cause nothing is more harder then battling it out through ancient warfare
76561198194923725,Recommended,219640,26108771,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,M4Tty,AMazing Game :D Love it
,Recommended,219640,26051013,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,LAVAR BALL,Only played a few matches and already in love with this game. They have special lobbies for people who just got the game so no worry about getting recked by some try hard. This game helped me blow off a lot of steam after playing Ark so I would recommend getting it. Its not like any other game that I have played and it doesnt take more than 15 seconds to look at the controls and understand how to play.
76561198166444259,Recommended,219640,26065677,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Alterir The Azazin,Симулятор криков... однозначно рекомендую
,Recommended,219640,26068484,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Locotin,There is nothing to dislike except that is hard to play when you start.  this game takes a lot a practice to master.cool graphics and fun game to play.
,Recommended,219640,26068611,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TheTurthTG,very funny
,Recommended,219640,26068661,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,✪ ThatGuy2727,very nice grafics and the combat system is very good
76561198001962672,Recommended,219640,26068799,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Albertkesselring,Team killingNoobsVote kickMore team killingMason order beats agathaVotekickVotekickMore team killing
,Recommended,219640,26069005,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Zeropac,10/10Would sell my ♥♥♥♥ing CSGO skins for this discount again.
,Recommended,219640,26063437,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Flymifox ●ᴥ●,"The game is great,but it needs more content,like unlockables.Still,the more you play it,the funner it gets."
,Recommended,219640,26063580,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MuscleCarp,10/10 best lightsaber battle Monty Python simulator ever
,Recommended,219640,26063711,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,"Arthur ""RAF Lit AF"" Harris",Ever wanted to club a man's skull in with a giant zweihander?Ever wanted to poke a knight in full battle harness to death with a cudgel?Then buyMount and Bladethis game
76561198073716558,Recommended,219640,9446156,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,War}{awK,"Hilarious, fun, enraging and engaging all at the same time. If you like sword and shield combat with lots of blood and gore, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,219640,4012464,"Posted: 7 February, 2013",all,Reaper,Really fun game. Like a First-Person Shooter except medieval.Chop off your ememies limbs or shoot them in the face with an arrow.
76561198014266194,Recommended,219640,14641497,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,The Godfather,this game is more better than blade symphony and has intense types of battles
,Recommended,219640,14662900,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,CaptainKoda,good game
76561198080600685,Recommended,219640,14670752,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Fragoh,"LOVING that you guys have made the game MAC compatible!The only thing I want to say is that I bought the DLC, but it doesn't have any South American servers. It is IMPOSSIBLE for me to play this game with 200+ ms of ping... So I bought it and can't enjoy it!Anyway, BEST GAME EVER!"
,Recommended,219640,14670971,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,the mac attack,8/10 gameVery rewarding combat and incredible visuals.Protip: Vanguard class and spear. 11/10 OP
,Recommended,219640,991155,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,ChocolateVillain,Never had so much fun in a melee game in my life. SO worth it at sub 20 bucks. Even at 25 bucks it is well worth it
76561198130219348,Recommended,219640,14721943,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Vlor,8/8 Great rate mate I feking ran around with no arms and kicked two people to death. It has a big learning curve after a while you get a hang of it and then it gets fun.
76561198065958550,Recommended,219640,26109040,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Minkus,"It is not too difficult to figure out and get used to the controls. The controls are tight and skill is rewarded accordingly. Community is not very toxic, as in other competitive games. In general, a fun time all around."
76561198028142501,Recommended,219640,9484575,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Childflayer,"Ignore the bad reviews. Every one of them I've read has been essentially complaining that the game gets too hard once you are too high level for the ""beginner"" servers. That's the ♥♥♥♥ing point. Everyone is not ""using hacks"", they have just played a while and got better at the game.  They didn't quit after getting beaten and write a bad review. They played, and they got better. That's howvideo games work. This game rewards skill, and timing with blood, screaming and used-to-be-attached heads. It's a fast-paced, and bloody action game. You get exactly what's on the tin."
,Recommended,219640,26109323,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,tirroeplomo,This game does not follow geneva convention rules
,Recommended,219640,26109353,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,MoNos DirtyGaming,"Spectacular PVP game, very fun to play with a friend, skill is needed to play. If you dont buy this game to play it i dont know what you're doing with your life :)."
,Recommended,219640,26343986,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,man's on pull,Who needs skill when you can just play Vanguard?
,Recommended,219640,26339114,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Lietuvis Is Here,"Exploded guys head with an arrow. God beaten up by bunch of dudes, my teammates including.10/10 Deus vult again"
76561198122521576,Recommended,219640,30898681,Posted: 2 April,all,PooF*,Najs
76561198084303352,Not Recommended,219640,26406440,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,blacklisted pirate,"debateing asking for my money back for this near unplayable game, dont get me wrong its fun when your able to play it but most of the time you cant due to 150-200 ping, if you live in the west coast dont waste your money"
,Recommended,219640,26398209,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,FlameWhirlwind,"Really hard, really clunky. but stupidly fun. Also cheesy as hell. I freaking love it.i don't know what critcisms i really have honestly. maybe fix some glitches? i dunno. i still like this game whole heartidly."
,Recommended,219640,445368,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,UKDreadnaught,"A simple game of wits and team work. A good selection of weapons to unlock so you can find which you enjoy the most but put them to good use to out smart your opponent, do you thrust, slice or cut down your enemy....dodge parry of fake a swipe to get around their guard and what will they try to do to you....only on the battlefield will you find your answers to war brothers! Medieval Warfare!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,14962805,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Pankek,Very good medieval game with great soundtrack and very good combat mechanism.
,Recommended,219640,27162989,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,⎛⎝nothing excessive⎠⎞,Don't do 180 overheads pls
76561198080042647,Recommended,219640,27165243,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dexiko,Great game with a unique adrenalin rush when you are in 1v1  combat
,Recommended,219640,27165386,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,E s t e t i k a,"Hi from Indo,Bagus si mirip skyrim, tapi kenapa ga ada campaign nya..orang baru maen dicupu2in dibacok tebas panahsad"
,Recommended,219640,27190399,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RustMooN-//RedLibelul,Bow  Kill easysword kill Very easyMolotof  wowwwwwwwwwww
76561198307720111,Recommended,219640,27205929,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Punk Princess,"Listen up,kids,you're gonna get the wrong idea if you see a man without a head running behind you."
76561198256534391,Recommended,219640,27250762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hal2425,AMAZING GAMING
,Recommended,219640,26188870,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Dad?,Imagine the feeling of being in an intense 1v1 fight and you get backstabbed. It hurts until you do it to someone else and fell amazing. Basically rinse and repeat these 2 feelings over and over. Thats Chivalry in a nutshell.I'm adding this on for an award for editing a review on a game I nominated.
,Recommended,219640,27188940,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dooplan,"Definite must have, especially when it is in a sale because this game will give you hours upon hours of fun.A lot better than the sequel and can be modded for even more sillyniss."
76561198046053984,Recommended,219640,27194159,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MonkeyDude NL,very nice very brutal kill heads of enemies is good.deus vult
76561197993621199,Recommended,219640,14770585,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Bum with a stolen computer,"Combat is incredibly fun, the first person melee combat is suprisingly deep. You'll often find yourself in relatively drawn-out sword fights with other players, which are a total blast. I keep catching myself with a big grin on my face playing this game. I got this game on sale for around 8$ which was an awsome deal.As of now it has a decent player base but I do wish it was a bit larger.Great game. (I didnt buy the deadliest warrior DLC because I heard it was terribly unbalanced.)"
76561197968772355,Recommended,219640,14772113,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Zoon,"Bought in sale about 6 months ago and forgot about it, then a steam friend suggested a blast on it, oh my god!!  Brutal!  Remember barbarian on the spectrum, its that same feeling of barbaric swordy blood violence : D love it!"
,Recommended,219640,14773238,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Spooky Two-Four-Six-Oh-One,"This is an amazing medieval game I have ever laid eyes upon. Not only is the way you get items through skill, AKA completing objectives and getting kills, but the fact that every weapon has it strengths and weaknesses. Such as daggers being able to easily be defeated by any other weapon, hammers beating short swords, etc. The logic is fine enough for a computer game, the community can be laughed at due to lack of teamwork on some occasions, but this is a good game."
,Recommended,219640,14775146,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Deathsong,Love this game and Love the Life mods. A must For pc gamers.
76561198074235355,Not Recommended,219640,14778284,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,... ..,"slooooow and buggy. the idea is good, the implementation not."
76561198127125645,Recommended,219640,14781693,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,TheZombieking,First kill ever was when I bashed a guys head off with a maceI also chopped my teammate's head off11/10 would teamkill again
,Recommended,219640,14784003,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Semi-Autonomous Guard Unit#A-367,"If you got this game when it first hit the steam market and forgot about it, install the new update and try again. It has come a long way from where it was, and is loads of fun and a lot smoother. The maps are really cool, too."
76561198138248765,Recommended,219640,14784841,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Legendary_Bucky,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare""U♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Noob! stahp tk'ing me!"" -everyone when they're teamkilledSrsly though, this game is a really fresh and new idea to oppose the CoD fps style of games.PROS:- Large amount of weapons, and every one feels different and better than the last- Good diversity between classes (Archer, Knight, Man-At-Arms, Vanguard)- Great amount of modes (FFA, TDM, Duels, LTS, Objective...)- High customizability of characters.- Low rank servers for noobs, something most games today omit.CONS- Playerbase, for the most part, is very undesirable (for lack of a better word)- Learning curve- Lag spikes and stutters (rare, but still happen)- Teamkills in low ranksOVERALLThis game is a lot of fun to play with your friends and even solo! Although it has a fairly steep learning curve, new players can go to the low rank (0-15) servers to play with equal ranks/skill levels. If you are to buy this game, $28 (where I am) is a little high, I would wait for a sale of 25% or more. To play this game well, you must have good internet as this game requires a lot of timing and precise actions.Rating = 9.2/10 Good game, and well suited to lower ranks compared to other similar games."
,Recommended,219640,14288389,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Marzy,"Out with the guns and in with the swords! Chivalry is a nice change from the countless first-person shooters available. Instead, it takes the first-person viewpoint and throws in a melee style combat experience.Being able to get into close combat with others is fun and there's a nice range of attacks that can easily be used by using different buttons on the mouse, as well as the scroll wheel. This control system works great and feels very intuitive to use. There are a number of different classes, such as a Knight, Archer or Man-at-Arms, each with their strong and weak points and it creates some great tactical gameplay. Be sure to try each class and find the one that fits your play style – I tend to prefer playing as a Vanguard as it has a nice reach, though they lack a shield which can be really helpful! If you decide to get the Deadliest Warrior expansion pack (which is definitely worth it if you enjoy the base game), you can get to play as a Pirate! Jack Sparrow even makes an appearance!Overall, Chivalry is a really fun game and something that makes a nice change from hectic gun battles. The way the game plays creates a much more satisfying experience and has a perfect learning curve."
,Recommended,219640,14291049,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Joseph Goodell,This game is a gorey brutal take on one my my favorite periods in history. This game has decent graphics fun gameplay good sense of progression. A fun multiplayer FPS with deep gameplay and an overall great presentation! Worth playing at full price!Note: the deadliest warrior DLC for this game is also worth buying!9/10
,Recommended,219640,14292674,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Daniel Rogers,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare may be a few years old now but it has managed to keeps its high ranking postion of most unique multiplayer game.Most games these days are some form of multiplayer be a shooter game, MOBA or MMO we seem to be connected online with any game we play so we have to learn to addapt to this new formula of always online. Chivalry does this as it brings fun combat from a game like skyrim which is singleplayer enhances the combat tenfold and then turns it into an online game in the formula of a fps game. In Chivalry you compet in free for alls, team deathmatches and objetive type games. Each game helps you work towards reaching the next level as well as leveling up your sword/axe/bow into the next far better one.There is no endgame only the pride in knowing you have improved yourself from when you first started playing, being able to kill everyone in a free for all makes you feel good inside as you stand their hacking away the limbs of one of your enemys. This game is gory enough to make killing someone with the three diffrent swings really intresting each time as you don't know which limb will fall off first.There are four diffrent classes which all bring something diffrent to the battlefield, Archers are the long ranged characters which stand at a distance and use a variety of diffrent medieval ranged weapons none of which have amazing accuracy so provide a chalenge as you get used to aiming and figuring out the best time and place to shoot the enemy at. You have the man at arms which is the quick moving quick attacking character that runs in and runs out which allows for small amounts of damage to be inflicted before one of the heavier more damaging charachters comes in to finsih the enemy. Their is the character who is sortof in the middle quicker moving then the tanky class but slow enough to inflict damage they have a charing attack which can allow them to enter the battle quick but once they are in the skirimish they can't leave easily. Finally there is the very tanky very slow class which goes into battle and if played wells dismebers the dead coprses at the end.The game offers a lot of variety and unique gameplay elements that most games these days dont offer. I hugely enjoy playing this game with my friends with skype as it leads to a enjoyble time. I hope you play this game for yourself and figure out your own stratergy to become the master of the battle field and lead your troops to victory!"
76561198028758058,Recommended,219640,14294934,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,B.L,Mouse skills.. reflex.. timing.. great game but not for everyone ! 8/10
,Recommended,219640,7815059,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,StarLord_73,"This is a fantastic game and everyone should play it, its fun playing by yourself online but its even better when playing at a LAN with your friends!"
76561197994168752,Recommended,219640,1523030,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Snooters,So Fun!
76561198052385765,Recommended,219640,7430522,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Supertoon,"So awesome, you dont really need a powerful pc to play"
,Recommended,219640,7805547,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,liftgramford23,Just awesome!
,Recommended,219640,23780,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,Doom,"What can I say about Chivalry? It's a very brutal and in your face FPM (First Person Melee) game. The engine is solid, combats engaging and controls are easy to learn.The only problem I have with the game is for every ounce of fun it produces it also produces an equal ounce of frustration. Would I recommend this game? Yes. Would I warn potential buyers they'll sometimes rage at it? Yes.Try it for yourself."
76561198076742568,Recommended,219640,7322274,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Son-of-Life ihr Splasher,"Geiles Game für Leute ,die anstatt einer  AK lieber mal ein Breitschwert in die Hand nehmen!!!"
,Recommended,219640,1329738,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Spicy Arrow,Absolute medieval first/third person brutality at its best.
,Recommended,219640,7808051,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Yaku🅱son,Press C to win
,Recommended,219640,7698769,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Que'Vanne,"I give this game a 9/10, its tons of fun, great with friends, and great without! The dlc is a great addition to an already super fun game!"
76561198068126943,Recommended,219640,7318867,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,[PP] Tattle Tale Strangler,Great game and if you do buy it join the Mason :P
,Recommended,219640,2781343,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,hgpot,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Simulator 2012
,Recommended,219640,291111,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,KennyLoggins,So it turns out this game is all kinds of badass! Play it nowwwww!
,Recommended,219640,1464585,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,oflow,Picked this up during the free weekend/sale. Its actually better than War of the Roses because the feel of combat has a better flow.  If i t had WotR mounted combat it would really be great.  Needs a Game of Thrones of Helm Deep Mod ;P
,Recommended,219640,5333355,"Posted: 17 November, 2012",all,Matt,"I bought Chivalry nearly a year ago when I had choppy 3G Internet. It worked, surprisingly, so I can safely say the netcode is good enough to compensate a reasonably bad connection (however, you'll still get those annoying dropouts that come with 3G and 4G -- don't expect to play competitively).Internet aside, Chivalry is the most fun, most frustrating, and most intense melee combat game I've played in a long time. The combat feels incredibly good; the sound effects in this game are nothing short of amazing. When swords clash, you know they've clashed. When someone kills a dude, the gurgles and screams are almost chilling.On the subject of sound, I should also mention the battlecry mechanic. Yes, there's a battlecry mechanic. While your character is running, you can press C by default to scream. Your character says random things such as ""For Agatha!"" or ""Hrrrraaaaaarrrgh!"" or ""Hyaaangarblegrbselrdf."" (Read that last one in Nigel Thornberry's voice, and that's about the right sound.) It's possibly one of the most amazing useless features in any game, though it certainly is kind of inspiring to hear an entire team screaming at once as they charge out into battle.The graphics are nothing spectacular, but the game is slightly more demanding than you'd expect in that department. On a computer containing a GTX 570 and an i7 960 clocked at 3.2ghz, I sometimes get framerate drops down to the 40 in large battles (e.g. in 64- or some 32-player servers), which certainly isn't bad, but it's not a perfect 60 either.The movement can feel clunky at times, as your characters will get stuck on odd geometry from time to time, but it's nothing game-breaking (unless you get killed while stuck -- then it's the most frustrating thing in the world and you'll never play this game again as you throw your monitor out the window).On that note, I'll come back to that point I made in the beginning about frustration. Personally, I'm a calm gamer. I have yet to participate in any in-game name-calling, raging, or other such things. Chivalry can bring me to rage at times, and here's why: for a game so reliant on teamwork (at least in the objective modes), the support for on-the-go voice communication is absolutely dreadful. Sometimes voice chat just doesn't work on perfectly good microphones, and worse yet, the official servers have all-chat enabled by default. If you want to strategize with your team, you have to do it in team text chat, which takes much longer than speaking. Maybe I'm spoiled coming from Counter-Strike, but a team game should always support quick team communication in my mind.If I was to ask for one thing added to this game, aside from more team objective maps, it would be better team support. This would include better voice chat, some sort of rank-based matchmaking system, and a better indicator of who's on your team. Currently, the two factions you can play as in objective modes are Agatha, blue, and Mason, red. When players get injured, they get their uniforms soaked in blood, and when you're close to death, your screen will become desaturated and everything will look roughly as brown and gray as Gears of War. So when that happens, it's hard to tell your team from your enemy, and that mechanic alone is responsible for hundreds of teamkills I've seen.Despite its flaws, Chivalry is a ton of fun, and I definitely recommend it to anyone who likes the concept of fast-pased, frantic medieval melee combat (oh, and there's the archer class, so maybe not entirely melee)."
76561197968451531,Recommended,219640,315671,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Virtech,"I was skeptical at first, but it's a pretty fun game.  Definatly not worth the normal price but on sale it's a definate buy."
,Recommended,219640,12760888,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Luxidus,Well it's a good game if you're a glutton for punishment. And by punishment I mean getting owned by people 40 levels higher than you are.
,Recommended,219640,13498853,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[RZR]Mercury,"Fantastic game, combat much more subtle than I thought coming into it. All thumbs up, best game I played in 2014."
,Recommended,219640,536786,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,SudoDragon,"Awesome and hilarious. The best part is the community, very few people take themselves seriously while charging at each other with halberds. Super fun, cheap enough to get it just for kicks. Would be nice to have a single-player mode, or a more detailed tutorial."
,Recommended,219640,13511337,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,WikiLECTUAL,"Game is stupid fun.I ran at a guy with a broadsword, while my character was yelling an old english ya momma joke.Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,219640,13511520,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,LightningShot,this is sooo fun and addicting i got hooked after the first 5 min
76561197985478674,Recommended,219640,13432611,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,The Spagetti Monster,"I'm not the one for long reviews, so this is going to be shortCMW is something that i always dreamed of a proper medieval game to beIt has:-Unique melee combat. Nothing more silly than cutting of every limb and the head from a dead person-Not to fast paced and not too slow pace either, it's perfectly balanced-Maps and characters makes the game variedAlso Chivalry has silly warcries"
76561198189784951,Recommended,219640,26057943,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Jetstream,Great Game! so fun to play
76561198325421138,Recommended,219640,26058154,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TmK,"Pretty funny game lol, I like it."
76561198023408817,Recommended,219640,26055914,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,serg648,Хрень.Логает каждый день!
76561198057488072,Recommended,219640,26055502,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,samorious,"It's Genius, let's pu 30-40 people in a super small arena and let them all kill eachother, It is a game full of massacre people screaming while dying and blood, so yeah I do highly recommend it! It is pretty hard though, harder than cod online or so"
76561198288063844,Recommended,219640,26060583,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TheBigBepis,"As I write this review I am playing Chivalry and have been for the past 3 hours, just fighting bots. I've never encountered such a well fleshed out combat system that has me coming back for it alone (its pretty well optimized too and looks pretty). When i'm in the thick of battle I FEEL like i'm in the thick of battle and it's not just pewpew ""ha I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ur mum"", you have to be watching every damn slash and pray you counter in time or lose your head, literally. Did I mention dismemberment? For all you sadists out there, this game is gratuitous with its neck arrows, decapitations, head crushing, skin burning, and all the lovely screams  that go along with it.So many games that follow the slashey formula could learn so much from these devs. Bravo 10/10, would go looking for the holy grail again.P.S. theres a map called Tavern that is exclusively fist fighting. No weapons. Fist fighting knights with a parry formula from the gods and you have everything skyrim unarmed could have been and we wished it would be."
76561198141196447,Recommended,219640,26061170,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,yummy flap juice,g00d gaem
,Recommended,219640,26059531,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,gOkU,gud game
76561198160931998,Recommended,219640,26059771,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,IDAZIZ,very good game that makes you hardhi me from future
76561198102140278,Recommended,219640,26059856,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Bibbaq,dude... this game is freakin awesome for being an older game. the combat is awesome and i love all the different weapons. i reccomend you buy it while its cheap.
,Recommended,219640,26112531,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Tombstone,COOL GAME YOU MUST BUY!!!!!!!! ITS OLD GAME BUT COOLTHE FIGHT LOOK REAL
76561198268588726,Recommended,219640,26113590,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Clever.jpg,"To be fair this game has alot of glitches and bugs, but the gameplay is amazing. After a while you will be able to get used to the slow movement of Chivaly."
,Recommended,219640,26115405,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,VeenuX Fedai,Good game but ı prefer add singleplayer story mode and Turkish language thank you torn banner
,Recommended,219640,26111225,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ϟϟ | Titan,Great for when you want to reclaim your holy land!
,Recommended,219640,26111733,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Rais,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\  I RECOMENDED THIS........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Recommended,219640,26047518,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,🌸𝕽𝖔𝖞𝖆𝖑🌸,It's so fab-fab-faaaaaaaaabulous!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,26047553,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,☢ _ Krieg™_ ☣,"SOO MUCH FUN PLAYING THIS GAME. SUGGEST YOU BUY DLC, IT'S WAY MUCH BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL GAME"
76561198316086214,Recommended,219640,26046553,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,kichardero,So nice game
,Recommended,219640,26046737,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Xarf Nao,It is awesome game!
76561198064321776,Recommended,219640,26040254,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,RedAtari,"sscream then hit things, you head rolls- repeat"
,Recommended,219640,26724876,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,MJP,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare Bite Size ReviewThe Good:+Taunting and screaming characters are funny+Melee combat and bows feel great+Several Modes to play along with+Bucket Helmets!The Bad:-Player base is small, enough to get the job done but small-Melee combat can be hit and miss, literally, until you've missed and hit enough to know the proper weapon reach for each-All multiplayer, no single player-Extent of story is just red vs blueThe Verdict:This game is a lot of fun - I've played on and off for awhile and when everyone is working together and yelling all in good fun it really is a unique experience."
76561198008895419,Recommended,219640,13437410,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Aaron,"most fun, and fast paste game i ever played in this era. if you like the medevil era, Get this game. but stay away from the deadlest warrior BS."
,Recommended,219640,13437517,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ThunderXPenguin,Got in an argument with some fine gentlemen who procceded to behead me and tabag my corpse.10/10
,Recommended,219640,13438068,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,MetalHead,It helps me poop at night.
76561198088148956,Recommended,219640,13438556,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Zarr135,"My Rating: 9/10 (it's not 10 because i can't run it lol. I played it on my brothers computer)Description: Chivalry is a class and team based First-Person midieval melee game. It has great graphics as well as gameplay. You can choose over bieng the Knight, Man-at-Arms, Vanguard and Archer. You can play Singleplayer (which i recommend for new players), and Multiplayer (which i recommend you to play once you become a pro, 'cause pros are the only players on Multiplayer). I'd recommend you grab it. If it's on sale, DEFINATELY grab it!"
,Recommended,219640,13438711,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,casualkiwi,now when i started chivalry it sounded like this in my house...........♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ME YOU BASHTERD YOU PIECE OF LARGE FECISES.but now im like gg bro but you got react. chivalry is a good game and a great concept but the comunint is terrible people with call you a♥♥♥♥♥just for being good at the game but it doesnt matter because you like this game...........right.........because you BETTER OR IM GOING TO CHOP YOUR ARM OF AND BEAT YOU SENSLES....LOLS jk but sereusly i now were you live
,Recommended,219640,13441498,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,~P~ Bardock,"""Berserk Simulator 2014""10/10 -IGN"
,Recommended,219640,13442838,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,MajorasFlask,"Kind of fun! i love it when u just randomly walk into a trap and be like how did i die?? Its really fun the mecanics and the gameplay plus multiplayer action make the game so cool! The amount of costomization is great! I just hate it when someone one shots u because u just got decapitaded! Also they're taunts and voice lines. Sometimes before a round your team will start yelling and chanting which pickes up your teams spirtis! hope this ""paragraph with horible grammer"" helped u or urged u to buy the game or put it in your wishlist!"
76561198013027017,Recommended,219640,13444182,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Cloak,I only recommend buying this game when its on sale(I got it for $6). If you pay $24 its a straight up scam! Because there are things in the customization section which coast money. From helemts to armors and they range from cents to $5.99. Other then that this game is great for a $6 deal. It still needs more updates and tweaking. Pings can be crazy high sometimes. But once again if you buy this game cheap. You will not be disappointed!
76561198046428554,Recommended,219640,13540061,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Roy Senpai,Punching people's face off
,Recommended,219640,13541092,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,tcase42,Top notch
76561198028642108,Recommended,219640,13541308,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,bukako,SPRETTY GOOD oops caps
,Recommended,219640,13543363,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Esko2761,Hack and Slash just like Counter Strike but in medieval times.. Fun to be had for all 5/5
,Recommended,219640,13544368,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Celtic,"Great multiplayer fun. Skill based combat, with a variety of markedly different but (mostly) balanced classes. Some weapons are objectively better than others, but nothing really feels too unfair. Not worth it if you don't intend to play either on LAN with friends, or online."
,Recommended,219640,13544940,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,1st. Luitenant. Милкман™,Combat Based 1st Person meele Medieval Game.Do i have to say anything more??Oh i forgot the dismemberment is really nice .10/10 Would Buy again
76561198085516442,Recommended,219640,13546782,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,BBQ_brewcrew,counterstrike with swords 10/10
,Recommended,219640,18592876,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Prizm,A fun game. I do like medievil rpgs but I never had a chance to fight 12x12 till the end. This game provides this experience and its awesome. I really feel the atmosphere of the past while playing. Never played something like this before. Also this game is addictive. More you play = more you are motivated to play again and again to open a new kind of weapon.  Totally recommended.
76561198062197885,Recommended,219640,18555885,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Dank182,Great game. nuff said
76561198173218574,Recommended,219640,18555920,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,DKnight,Awesome game LOVE IT
76561198121439862,Recommended,219640,18556567,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Power point Farmskins.com,Amazing
76561198077325091,Recommended,219640,30499985,Posted: 13 March,all,YumYumYum,"I personaly find Chivalry extremly fun to play.The combat system in Chivalry I find to be better than most Melele Based games.If you Play with 2+ Friends in a private match, your guarenteed to laugh and have fun.I would recemend Chivalry to buy. Side note : Buy The Game when it goes on sale for $2.50, it's your money's worth."
,Recommended,219640,13126968,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Funny Fungoiid,i would definetly recommend this game its super fun and the matchmaking is not all thaT BAD
76561197973080662,Recommended,219640,14455933,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Stenk,"Yes, recommended to every player. If you don't have time to invest in reaching Jedi skills, you can still have a good laugh playing a couple of rounds. I got what i expected from this title: a nice feeling of handling a melee weapon. Controls are easy to handle but it also feel much natural than mount & blade for example (i'm fan of this serie). Speaking of this one, there is no solo campaign in Chivalry and its purely a PVP/Multiplayer game (TDM, Duel, Team Objective..). Though, in order to feel kinda RPG, you won't have everything unlocked at the beginning so just spending time unlocking everything is a good approach to learn the different gameplay link to this class or this weapon.What could be frustrating about in chivalry is the required skill if you want to reach the top of the score tab. There is a clear gap between noob and quality players. That sounds obvious eh? I insist on this because in FPS with guns, even the best player cannot avoid bullets. In chivalry there is no bullet, a good player will avoid every single attack you throw at him, countering and killing you easily (and even laugh with his character). You're warned!Those ways or another, arrows will always find their ways into your knee!"
,Recommended,219640,14456706,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Excelsior,Really fun I give it a 9/10! Would be 10/10 if it had jousting as a gamemode!
76561198114125112,Recommended,219640,14456720,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Sir_Garith,"This, i cant even begin to explain how AWESOME this game is...The graphics are ok, but the gameplay is amazing, and helps with stress, because you jsut imagin your worst enemy's face on one of the characters...Execellent gameplay, epic maps, lots of blood, gore, death, medieval fighting, and getting impaled by that random ballista bolt is just the begining of the fun...And the best part is, you can choose which weapon you want to use, so your not forced to use a sword when you want to use a mace, or flail..So, grit your teeth, grab your spear, sword or mace along with a sheild and helmet, and begin the Bloodshed of this epic game!!Rating500/10P.S. When you see the training world in your menu, and if your new to the game, Use it..."
76561198145623311,Recommended,219640,14468861,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,(YouTube) Doctor taco,Would anyone like to trade Arma 2 operation arrowhead for this. Let me know if your intersted. Its a good game ive played it before but my pc is kinda bad at the moment ans struggles to run it. thats the only reason i will trade it.
,Recommended,219640,14448010,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Romewolf,"having played this game for a while now, i feel now i can give a review. the combayt system is nice and they are constantly re-balancing it as players express things that need sorting to balance the game.  The simply right click and left click is not the way to go in this game. The use of extra buttons to use different ways of attacking can confuse your opponent but also from player point of view, forces strategy. The player must think before jumping into 5 people surrounding a knight, as a simple attack from teamates can kill all 5 of attackers. Team damage is something to be aware of. There are of course players who spoil the game by being annoying in chat and constantly attacking teammates or stealing your kills. But in whole this game and its developers have come a far way. The game is recommended by myself. Hope to see you in the battles :)"
76561198007261527,Recommended,219640,14448878,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Excaliberete,"Needs new content, however, well worth the money to play. Quick entertainment fix for those of us with families that do not want to get engrossed and can pull away from the screen at a moments notice to handle IRL concerns. Highly recommend for those with an ""itchy trigger finger"" :P."
,Recommended,219640,14450266,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mo,"Combat is great, visuals are good enough, very funny gory moments, medieval warfare done correctly. A ton of fun with friends."
,Recommended,219640,14423979,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Shenocide,"So hilarious. I impaled two men at once with a spear. I decapitated another with a spear. I cut down 3 people in a few seconds with a hatchet. I murdered 4 guys in a 4v1 fight with a Greatsword. I threw a knife through someone's eye socket. I burned a man alive, and teabagged his corpse while hacking off his limbs. Get this game now!"
,Recommended,219640,11101471,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Anima,bomba.
,Recommended,219640,11103902,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,pichu737,"This is going to be a more professional review than others I've made.Gameplay-wise this game is strong. There's a lot of mods on the Workshop, and there's enough vanilla game content to satisfy anyone who doesn't want to use mods.Graphics wise the game is gorgeous on higher settings, if your PC can handle it. In fact even on lower graphics, it's still beautiful and worth picking up for graphics alone.Difficulty wise, it's fiendish. You're put into an unbalanced game so the enemies could be completely OP. And I'm kind of OK with that. Games aren't supposed to spoonfeed you victory and this game will for ever make the spoon become decapitated.Child friendliness. Don't get this for anyone really young, it may give them a heart attack, with the amount of gore.Storyline: It's a combat game, there is no real story.Overall verdict: 8.5/10 A very good game with pleasing combat, but the unbalanced fights can be annoying.Any feedback will be appreciated as this is my first semi-professional review."
,Recommended,219640,6403359,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,Fluidic,This Game is GROSS! Worth the buy at twice the price.
,Recommended,219640,8585294,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,logics for idiots,good game but idk how to work the multiplayer. cant find a single server. pls help
76561198035577110,Not Recommended,219640,7823985,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,zEAs,Disgusting
76561198034422263,Recommended,219640,8634192,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Seathan,"I love this game, except for it's tutorial, which has quite a few very bothering bugs. Thankfully the tutorial is not very long (altough kind of essential), and the multiplayer is excellent, solid, beautiful, very very fun, and can be quite funny too.  I just wish sometimes the player would stop spamming the screams, and also that the DLC would have team objective games / maps just like in the original.I recommend Chivalry Medieval Warfare to anyone who likes multiplayer fps (altough the S in fps here means more slasher than shooter ?) Anyways....On the other hand, I'd recommend Dealiest Warrior only to the people who want to have fun with classic fantasy roles like ninjas, pirates and so on, and that strictly like the fighting part, because the games can get boring quite fast if you'd like to complete objectives to make your team advance in the next part of the map and such...  But it's still awesome, fun, solid, not buggy, etc, it's just the lack of Team Objective Game Modes is a big deception to me."
76561198108414707,Recommended,219640,8634359,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,FloppyFishie,vary high skill cap really anoing at first i just died alot then i got some tips and started from there and had to learn alot by my self but i like the game
76561198110308956,Not Recommended,219640,8638152,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Demon Assassin,it's playable in the first hours. After some time it becomes boring and you abandom the game.the gamplay is boring after some hours.Don't buy this game. it doesn't worth ur money.
,Recommended,219640,8639239,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,r33tm0nk3y™,You will be addicted once you chop off your first head.
,Recommended,219640,8640394,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,MyopicMuppet,"A fun multi player game, get it if its on sale."
,Recommended,219640,8640810,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Samwell Tarly,"This review only covers the base game Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, not the DLC Deadliest Warrior.Prior to playing Chivalry, I never really had played a game that had deep, tactical hand to hand/ sword fighting. This is where Chivalry delivers. Chivalry is a multiplayer experience in which the combat is extremely brutal (heads and limbs can be dismembered), but very satisfying. When you hit someone with a mace, the character actually reacts the way they should. The sound of steel on steel and the two factors in the game screaming ""FOR AGATHA,"" or ""FOR THE RED AND BLACK,"" is great. The maps are very diverse ranging from castle sieges to fighting in wooded areas to a Roman Arena (just like the movie Gladiator). The game also provdes your standard nultiplayer modes in addition to Duel mode (self explainatory). With four different classes (Archer, Man-at-Arms, Vanguard, and a Knight) and roughly 10 different weapons to unlock for each class, this game can keep you occupied for a pretty long time. This game is a blast to play with friends, and I highly recommend it to anyone (especially any FPS fans in need of a game to respark there interest).Pros:+ Excellent, tactical combat. This game actually takes skill to be good - something you don't see very much.+ Graphics - The game looks pretty good on the Unreal 3 Engine. The weapons and characters really stand out.+ Controls - The controls are responsive and work great.+ Sound+ Map DesignCons:-  Customization could have been a little better (not a big deal though)Overall, this game is a breath of fresh-air coming from a seasoned FPS fan. I highly recommend it!Rating: 9.0 out of 10Some videos of my friends and I playing this....Good times =Dhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0E539nymdAhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImmovvMd--ghttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHjBik659dw"
,Recommended,219640,8643201,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,ForgettiSpagetti,Got killed and they played soccer with my head 10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,219640,8643343,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,King Roanoke,"Overall this has to be one of the best games I've ever played. It may have no story and be only online based, but it sure beats the hell out of Call of Duty. Just with sword's , spear's, and axe's."
,Recommended,219640,8645575,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Smartpipe,"A fantastic game. Fast paced multiplayer. I have both sworn blind and giggled like a schoolgirl at this game. There are aspect to the game I would change but no game is perfect. War Isn't pretty! The range of weapon diversity and playing style is impressive. Also there are free updates, maps and features being added regurlarly! I only wish I could have more time to play this game!"
,Recommended,219640,6653010,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Total_P,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,18580433,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Tomblo,"not bad, but i like it"
76561198043825071,Not Recommended,219640,18579265,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,harrison,this game was amzing for about 24 hours the second you get to lv 15 and you can no longer play in the beginner survers you jone anygame you will be with lv 45+ and you will never win a fight with one all your team mates will kill you and if your not useing a 2 handed wepon theres no point in playing at all also if your buying this game for a relistic game to play your going to be 50 50 on it the graphics are pritty good however the people in the game constantly spam ctrl and spin there player arowned it looks like there haveing a fit theres not really anyway of knowing what there going to do and it makes the game look bad because of theres people.so all together DO NOT PAY £18 FOR THIS GAME get it in sale for like £3.99 play it till lv 15 and never play it again!
,Not Recommended,219640,18580827,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Bugger,Only server that i could play in korea zone have voted me ban reason that i didnt apologize for killing team mate.other servers are lagging too.
76561198077430002,Not Recommended,219640,18578001,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,CruelCanadian,"Entered Game type without respawn, in six rounds got team killed five timesIf you like getting team killed or you're a troll this is your game."
76561198170027838,Recommended,219640,18566521,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Jacup,"It's one of those games where you can just go on and....cut peoples arms off, yeah that's it"
76561198051876714,Recommended,219640,18601725,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Roytchu,"This game is so fun, In the start I didn't like these types of games..You know with axes and swords. but then I tried this game in a trial and I fell in love..You unlocks many of weapons, u can play with a lot of weapons and classes..Totally worth it."
76561198141186067,Recommended,219640,18601726,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Pawtucket Pat,its alot of fun! i really enjoy the play style.
76561198116393879,Recommended,219640,18629210,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Space Wiz,FUN!
,Recommended,219640,16077295,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,icejohn13,tons of screaming men ... with spears ... in a trapped in area ... screaming ... sticking their hard spears into each other ... some have little swords ... some have big swords... its great fun for the whole family.
76561198091138194,Not Recommended,219640,18685878,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Mr. Peanut,This game looked like a lot of fun at first.I looked at this game and thought it would be fun so i bought it and when i would start it up it almost instantly crashed.  so I field a complaint and i got my money back luckely.  DO NOT GET THIS GAME IT IS VERY POORLY MADE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,18842741,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Kiwista,"""War does not determine who is right — only who is left."" Bertrand Russell."
,Not Recommended,219640,18854897,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,karn,"FULL of paid extras... $3 for a sword, $8 for a different armor set! Insulting after you've already paid for the game itself.Very buggy training, and once in multiplayer the combat ends so quickly that you spend more time running around looking for enemies to engage than actually fighting.Uninstalled and regret my purchase."
,Not Recommended,219640,18855267,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Blumpkin Woahnuts,"This is only a 'no' reccomendation if you are planning on running on OSX. It is poorly optimised for OSX. where other games can provide 220 fps + on medium settings, this game struggles and drops to 2fps when players are near and it chews the CPU."
,Recommended,219640,18851107,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Retarded Lemur | gamekit.com,"This game is divided by 2 teams, The Knights and the Red Guys. If you are bad you will get dominated by guys that do this thing where they put a axe over their head and ????, but if you are good you will wreck the noobs and carry your seemingly bad team to victory. The low level servers are fun unless you're levels 1-4. After level 10 you can't be on those low level servers anymore, so welcome to the big boys. Where level 30s come to play and will make you look like a practice dummy. But once you get like level 20 you will do mediocre and learn that the spear for vanguard is the worst.Knights/Red Guys would vanguard again"
76561198081179552,Recommended,219640,18852851,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,WCKicksAss,Awesome game!!
76561198069667317,Recommended,219640,12459583,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Dr Monocle,This is absoultly one of the best games I have ever played. I am rediculosly satisfied with my purchace and reccomend this game to everyone.
76561198001903355,Recommended,219640,12526695,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,BenXP,"This game is completely multiplayer - do not buy this if you are hoping to get a single player campaign (that would be so awesome though).This is by far the best FPS close combat game I have ever played. You actually feel like you are severing arms and heads with each blow.One of my favourite game modes is team objective - players have to complete various objectives within the game such as pillaging a village or pushing a abttering ram to the enemy gates and killing the king while the other team must defend these objectives (YOU CAN PLAY AS THE KING!).Theres 6 more gamemodes on top of that in case you get bored: Free for All, Duel (1v1), Team Deathmatch, Last Team Standing, King of the Hill and Capture the Flag.You get 4 awesome classes to choose from which all have their own strenghts and weaknesses.Its not one of those games were you are swinging constantly at the enemy to kill them. For instance you get 4 styles of attacking which can all be joined together in 3 hit combos.Just in case you are confused heres a list of the attacks you can do:Mouse Wheel Up- This is your stab attack. Which has the best weapon reach.Mouse Wheel Down- This is your overhead attack. This is the most damaging but hard to hit.Left Mouse Button- This is your swinging attack. A balanced attack, easy to land a hit.F Key- This is your kick attack. Used to get past shields or to stun an enemy.My favourite mechanic of this game is that all attacks are inreal time- which means if your enemy is more to the left of you and you are swinging your sword from the right, your sword will continue swinging until your sword actually collides with your enemy. This can be great if your enemy has blocked too early then you can lead in with the killing blow.The same applies if you enemy is more to the right of you and you start your swinging attack from the right, your sword will collide with the enemy a lot sooner.THERE ARE SO MANY MEDIEVAL WEAPONS AND SEIGE EQUIPMENT TO CHOOSE FROMAnd they all have differentdamage, weapon reach and speed-Swords-Maces-Daggers-Bows-Crossbows-Slingers-Javelins-Axes-Mauls-Warhammers-PolearmsBuy this game. 11/10"
,Recommended,219640,12210215,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ShiftEnter,archers r gay
,Recommended,219640,12212404,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sevvvy,Concept and idea seem fun. The first 20+ hours are fun but it gets boring quickly. It takes a really long time to unlock the weapons you want and see on the trailers. Gameplay gets boring and repetetive. Only buy the game when its on sale.Review : 7/10
,Recommended,219640,810948,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,slider,I'd honestly rather fist my urethra while taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥to he face then play this game.
76561198040570033,Recommended,219640,4668311,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,Knolyfe,JUST GET IT
,Recommended,219640,12301256,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Deadstick,"This is a fun take on multiplayer shooters which focuses on melee attacks instead of guns. The game modes are fun, and the weapon selection is nice. It offers a different experience from Counter Strike or Team Fortress."
,Recommended,219640,327090,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,C4rtman,!
,Not Recommended,219640,12367487,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Regentlord,"This game has amazing ideas, but is very poorly executed.Positives:- Pretty good maps- Art style is fairly accurate and ""timely""- Gore is spot onNegatives:- Some of the worst hit detection ever- Game runs fairly awfully- People with insane lag have an incredible advantageOverall, fun idea, but the godawful programming completely ruins the game. Just wait for Chivalry 2, if it ever comes, hopefully they will be able to hire competent programmers next time."
,Recommended,219640,12369910,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,papa pete mcgee,Had boiling oil poured on me. I let out a horrifying screech. Was then crushed by a catapult. The other team thought it was funny to dismember my individual body parts.11/10Would get dismembered again
,Recommended,219640,12371537,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Rambo,The skill level in this game is over 9000. Unless you're a ♥♥♥♥ing feinter.
76561197960589180,Recommended,219640,42836,"Posted: 23 October, 2012",all,Lizzor,"This game is a medieval first or third person hand-to-hand fighting game. It has different gamemodes e.g. classic modes like Deathmatch, King of the Hill or story-driven modes where one team has to defend various objects that the other needs to destroy or to take over. The graphics are rather average.The combat system is quiet deep for such a fast pased gameplay and it has for every class different kinds of weapon setups. This way you can upgrade your characters/classes while playing.I had a lot of fun playing some public matches, but i can't rate the competetive section of this game due to lack of a clan and time.I recommend this game to any of those who like to play one or two rounds a day as a knight, swordsman or to snipe with a bow/crossbow someday.- Liz"
,Recommended,219640,12407407,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Dr.Chocolates︻デ═一,ouch
76561197994727424,Recommended,219640,12410159,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Gungriffen,"This game is simple to play and good for it. You have an assortment of weapons 1 hand and 2 hand Swords, Maces, Axes, Staff, Spears, Lances, Bows, Cross Bows, Shields ETC. Essentially the fighting breaks down into swing left, swing right, swing down, thrust, and block. Block has to be pressed in time with your enemy attack to be able to block or you will miss and be hit. Roughly 2-4 hits and you are dead with only once some times one. The game is easy to play but the skill is to time your attacks and blocks right. Each swords does X amount of damage and has X amount of speed to balance the game out. The rounds are pretty diverse there's assault type game mode where you capture the castle that requires one side to breach the castle walls, destroy the defenses and kill the king while the defenders hold out till time is up. Other modes are straight forward Deathmatch, Team Death Match, Eliminate the other team where you have 1 life per round. Fighting alternate from giant cluster ♥♥♥♥s where everyone swings randomly down to 1v1 drawn out intricate duels. The fight engine is really well done actually, with realistic damage and timing I have taken on 1v3 and have on occasion won with out being hit just by dodging and blocking at the right times. It is round base with weapon and armor unlocks and makes for a great game to play while waiting to go to work or anytime you don't have the time to sit and play some more intrusive games like Skyrim or Mass Effect. Highly Recommend this to any one who want a semi realistic (most realistic I have played since Bushido Blade) medieval experience!"
,Recommended,219640,2691822,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,The Sock Fairy,"this game is so amazingly fun if you play with good company, this game is the most bloody fun i have had in a multiplayergame in years. literally"
,Recommended,219640,12417687,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Chase the ace,one of my favorite games. great balance between classes and weapons and very high skillcap. its a must play buy it now
76561198064706044,Recommended,219640,7479083,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,GLORIOUS LENIN,This game is super intense and takes alot of focusing and makes you rage non stop lol but it is very fun 10/10
76561198010079767,Recommended,219640,12442660,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Spirit Anden,"First-person sword fighting.It's a good concept and it works. The classes work great and are all challenging to play and master. Combos, blocking, attacking, dodging all feels natural and wining a duel is an awesome feeling."
76561198017966774,Recommended,219640,12443170,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Spetsnaz,"Cut a guys head off, got my head cut off by a friend.10/10 lots of fun"
,Recommended,219640,12443730,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Lil Xan,"Like Call of Duty with swords, bows, spears and scheiße. (Not really)It is actualy a hectic game where you can just 1v1 a filthy jew, until he gets his big gang m7.8/8 m8"
76561198094718225,Not Recommended,219640,12443998,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,DreamOfMemes,"The comminty is terrible!!! In evry server there were laggers, animation glitchers, and hackers!!!  This game used to be the bes game i have ever played but over time evrything deteriated into a glitchy pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I used to love this game and i am almost crying wrighting this review because my heart is so broken to see it this way. Just please dont by this no matter what!"
,Recommended,219640,12423537,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Easyy,Game is amazing awesome fun until someone team kills you.
76561198144338064,Recommended,219640,12930712,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Amuk,great pvp
,Recommended,219640,12940272,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,JackHammerOfLawl,I really like this game.  My friends don't find it very fun but I love it.  You need a good sense of timing and battlefield awareness to succeed.  The blood & guts won't be appealing to some people.
,Recommended,219640,12941066,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Holiday Milk,"Refreshing FPS gameplay that requires practice and skill.If you have no patience to learn to play a game, then this might not be your game.Very fun with a group of friends."
,Recommended,219640,12945778,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,lyon,I recommend this game because just opinion and I'm not gonna give a full review but what I think is this game is fun with friends (My Opinion) but not as good if your playing alone still my opinion add me as a friend and maybe we can play a game or 2 cause why now?
76561198161316131,Recommended,219640,12946958,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,AppleTime,"Charge!!! ouch my head, wait... WHERES my head,NOOOOO, WHY MR.DERPWORMER5213. I dont even have my own head to comfort me."
76561198034241299,Recommended,219640,12947015,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Khaos_Ctrl,"This game is Awesome! why? it's hard. It's not that hard to those who are good at games and pvp, but it is a tricky mechanic that's tricky to learn. Eventually I did learn, and it's just fun. Ya I still die constantly, but you can't spell slaughtered without laughtered!"
76561198057513668,Recommended,219640,6027554,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,ska's not dead,amazing game albeit very high skill floor and ceiling lmb spamming will get you nowhere but dead.
,Recommended,219640,12916329,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ThaRealBlazee,A Game Where People Be Your Friend For 2 Seconds... Then Back Stab You!10/10
76561198050553550,Recommended,219640,5484222,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,BattlePants,"Great game, takes some skill though, but an enjoyable process."
76561198000524966,Recommended,219640,7847932,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Carlos Ramon,I hereby give this game my Presidential Seal of Approval. It's basically my favorite Washintgon Politics Simulator.
76561198023866085,Recommended,219640,12920842,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Xhepnon 7,"this game is totally different than previous versions, last patch changed lots of things in a good way buy this game you wont regret."
76561198043708369,Recommended,219640,10580717,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,darkkeeper,"Very awesome. Great game to jump in to if you only have a little time to play. The action is fast paced and fun, it manages to be simple to play yet it has depth in the combat if you play enough."
,Recommended,219640,13023364,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Horizon,Can chop heads off and spin around with a two meter long sword. 8/8
76561198067247554,Recommended,219640,13023694,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,The Man,One of the best multiplayer games ever!!!
76561198067806431,Recommended,219640,13024150,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Sheroh,awesome game buy it right now
76561198058755034,Recommended,219640,13024379,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Mr.Slacker,"Very fun game, if you love this game Mount and Blade is a MUST buy"
,Not Recommended,219640,13025090,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Castiel_,Should have kept my 6$ for a Happy Meal instead.
,Recommended,219640,13025446,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,♫ MaxKode ♫,Best Team killing Simulator
76561198006832926,Recommended,219640,13025632,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,PLAYER1,Great game
,Recommended,219640,13026807,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,jpeg,Its Amazing
76561198061576317,Not Recommended,219640,13027404,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Lorenzo The Guardian,"Community is♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay? Eh, your better off dealing with the hackers in War of the roses, or the graphics in Mount and blade warband.I've honestly tried to like this game, but i can only play about an hour until i get bored or frustrated and the ""really"" bad mechanics and things like hit boxes and etc. Also it never gets updated because torn banner things that the deadliest warrior expansion is what people want in a keyword MEDIEVAL game, and by deadliest warrior, i mean ninjas, samurai, pirates, spartans, and vikings, because that's obviously what we all wanted when we first bought a game called ""Chivalry"" Right?"
76561198073548874,Recommended,219640,13027496,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Bobawaffle,15.97/10 best war-scream game ever played
,Recommended,219640,13028170,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Shoff,This is by far the best melee combat I've ever seen in a video game. The fighting is very realistic and exciting. A good player can destroy an entire army.Oh and the gore is just beautiful.
76561198007552107,Recommended,219640,2452496,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Liourb,"Non mais allo quoi, t'es un geek et t'as pas ce jeux !!!"
,Recommended,219640,13028699,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,menno4000,Any game that allows you do crush someones head is a good one.8/10 crushed/head would crush skull again.
76561198080773435,Recommended,219640,13028740,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Jolbe,Awesome
,Recommended,219640,12930760,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Ei,Authentic medieval simulation of 'Monty Python and the Holy Grail'.
76561198068076605,Not Recommended,219640,13030385,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Alphawolf,"I have a feeling I would have enjoyed this game, I got it a lonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng time ago when it was not long released; It didn't work.Now in late 2014 I figured it would be worth trying.. a 2.2GB update and all that jazz. What did I get?A still image of a rock and city. for just under 10 mins.Rock Simulator 2014 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,13030441,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,kek,Kappa
,Recommended,219640,13158077,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Chye Naw Numbah Juan,Worst Cod I've Ever Played
,Recommended,219640,12622443,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,зимний плеб,"Don't bother buying this game if your ping is usually anything higher than 100. The game is very enjoyable, but anything slower than that, and you'll have a hard time playing this game. Great concept though, although maybe slightly weighted against the archers. Doesn't seem to bother anyone, however, seeing as they are one the most popular classes.A few more negatives: stability issues (the game crashes sometimes on map change), small gltiches and bugs (for example, you are often unable to vote kick someone 'player not found', even though they are still playing) and there is a general rough-around-the-edges feel about the game.I wouldn't recommend buying it at full price, but if you can get it on sale, I'd say that it's worth the buy."
76561198002435939,Recommended,219640,2108507,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,SpecOp Clergy,"This game has really surprised me.  When I first heard about it, I thought ""M&B clone"" and wasn't really interested.  I was wrong.  While it does bear a resemblance to TaleWorld's magnum opus, Torn Banner has taken their game in its own direction, and have successfully delivered one of the most engrossing MP games I have played in a long while (maybe since the original Modern Warfare?).  This is, simply, a fantastic gaming experience, and one I hope launches a new ""first person melee - FPM"" genre.  Well done, Torn Banner!  You have a new dedicated fan in me!  And I eagerly await what new features the future will bring (horseys, pretty please?).Also, thank you for this F2P weekend.  But for this, I probably never would have given the game a try!  New devs:  take note!  A F2P weekend can be crucial for the success of your product!"
,Recommended,219640,13088116,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Sir Hungwell,Quite a bit of Fun~
,Recommended,219640,13089368,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Gaming Socks,The game is awesome except those damn archers.
76561198016112734,Recommended,219640,13094229,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,wardog640,Great game played for many hours.Pros-very fun and competetive-fast paced-lots of maps so you'll never get bored-many weapons to unlock and a list of 4 classes to play-Low level servers for new comers to learn how to playCons-depending on your ping you may not get to play some of the servers-trolls-some glitches with workshop content (but that is to be expected)Otherwise it is a great purchase you dont have to waste a lot of time and if you arent into PvP they have some Co-op missions such as crypts to get you started.
,Not Recommended,219640,13094342,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Kamy,"Epic Laggy Hack n Slash game. If you are ok with technical unplayability and your skill is developed on luck of server conection speed and laggy players, its game for you.... Not for a precise game players.... This is big disapointment....LAN gaming could be excelent, but all the lags make any technical part of the game like tricks, blocks and pretends to hit ABSOLUTELY USELESS, due to unpredictable lags...."
76561198093218227,Not Recommended,219640,13128130,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,alastairhill97,Don't get it if you want a decent game! Much better is Mount and Blade Warband! Just personal opinion of course multiplayer is quite fun but gameplay is some what odd!
,Recommended,219640,13128541,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,The Snood,Makes ya feel like a real boss♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,13129596,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,WeirdCulture,"Like Battlefield, with swords, and axes, and blood ! Funny! One of the funniest multiplayer games ever played. :)"
76561198119570829,Recommended,219640,13130021,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Tony the Pony,AMAZING
,Recommended,219640,13130379,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Naygas,"Chopped someone's head off, Flew off map.Chopped someone's arm off, Died from teammate.Hit someone with an arrow, got hit by teammate with javelin.10/10 would get teamkilled again."
,Recommended,219640,13130976,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,InsertTextHere,IT DEH GUUD♥♥♥♥♥♥♥U NO ?
,Recommended,219640,13132208,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Peguslogus,the story for this game is great with a plot twist so original its great10/10 -IGN
76561198032447179,Recommended,219640,13132899,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,the panzie man,Scream simulator is incredibly fun.
76561198054263790,Recommended,219640,13133273,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Panasonic NN-E281M Microwave,AGATHAAA
,Recommended,219640,13133319,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Rhyssia,"Like VD said (lmao),Game is a blast, learning curve isn't too bad. Ranged weapons kinda suck. If you're an archer it's almost always bow or crossbow, dodging the spears all together, and occasionally you see a sling out there just for the attack interupt.The four classes are nice. Archer is hardest to play due to the fact that you don't generally get a shield. Then you get the knight and vanguard heavy classes. Vanguard can do a running leap and the Knight gets the most rounded defense and offense options. Then you have a men-at-arms which fills a skirmish role with a moltov cocktail and assorted clubs and pokeys.Generally if you kill someone on your team make sure you say sorry. You'll either get the type that understand (rarely) or someone spamming how they should kick you. (almost always) So always say sorry in public so people know it wasn't planned.I'd Score it an...8/10Great game, angry players, a little bit of unbalanced gameplay."
76561198001267034,Recommended,219640,13118422,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Spicy,"it's really a great game, hard to master but fairly easy to learn with a lot of deep melee mechanics at work."
,Recommended,219640,13119942,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Revolver Ocelot,This game is da best sh*t ever. How many games can you say that you stab a pirate as a ninja and then expoled by cannon.
76561198070125195,Recommended,219640,13120553,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Pister Motato,"DONT BUY THIS IF YOU'RE FROM ASIA DUE TO INACTIVE SERVERS. Good game. 9/10, BUT TOO LESS SERVERS/PLAYERS IN SINGAPORE I REALLY HATE TO LEAVE THIS GAME UNTOUCH BUT I CAN'T FIND A LOW PING SERVER ACTIVE 1/10"
76561198006963708,Recommended,219640,8198878,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Bo,Love the warcry ;P buy this O_O
,Recommended,219640,3372298,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Sauce2226,its like when you get a high five from a reallly tall guy do you need to jump to high five him and then he smacks you right in the face and the force from his palm crushes your face thats what this game feels like
,Recommended,219640,7905441,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Vampireium,Great game for killing some time or just letting out some steam in battle or two (puns intended).
,Recommended,219640,3947393,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Tracerfire,Epic Medieval FPS action.
76561197976391199,Recommended,219640,7901917,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Dont Buy Bitcoin,yes
76561198056800813,Recommended,219640,5992472,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,DiverC4nt,"глубокая механика боя с холодным оружием.Рыцари с криками несутся вперед, звенит сталь, летят в стороны отрубленные головы и руки. Смотрится эффектно"
,Recommended,219640,3947165,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,ihazcarrot™,Whole fps warfare set in medieval ages. It's like Wars of the Roses in first person but far better executed. Very brutally satisfying. Multiplayer is also very active. I'd say a must own title on steam!
,Recommended,219640,1050114,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,MaximusPaynicus,"This game has gotten almost zero press, which is a shame - a damn fun multiplayer medieval ""I'mma smash your face with a giant♥♥♥♥♥hammer before you slice my arms off ala The Black Knight"" sim."
,Recommended,219640,7910111,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Uno,"Really fun game. Simple to learn, difficult to master. Gameplay modes result in some spontaneous and awesome moments of teamwork. Has some exploits, but they are not too OP to ruin the game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,219640,634076,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Squirtle,Really fun game! Highly recommend buying this.
76561198093782159,Recommended,219640,7911976,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,★khoi★,Great simulation games
,Recommended,219640,101227,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Pony Slaystation,"If you ever played Age of Chivalry, The HL2 Mod, this is created by the same people. It's combat is deep and nuanced, The weapons are period accurate and The whole game is damn fun."
,Recommended,219640,760613,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Skrikey,"Ah, the joys of combat in days of yore. Smashy, stabby, rippy, slicey and downright nasty for the most part, playing Chivalry certainly leaves you with a healthy respect for complex control systems and indie developers working to keep the 'melee only' idea fresh and acceptable in a gaming world dominated by the ultra-modernist Call of Duty-esque FPS."
76561198024182683,Recommended,219640,7912484,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,thefisherkings,"I don't know what to say about this game.  It is really, really, really, fun, but It does lack polish.   Getting new weapons is to much of a grind and some weapons seem unbalanced.   However, this is the better than just running around a shooting people with unbalanced guns all the time.   They just released a new dlc too."
,Recommended,219640,7970084,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Mcfad,awesome
,Recommended,219640,7970679,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,hooahguy,Funny little game. Combat is nice but a little funky.
,Recommended,219640,7971859,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Retard Magnet,"This game provides you with neverending gory medieval fun. Dynamic combat, nice graphics, solid sound. Play and rejoice.Deadliest warrior expansion is fun at times, but extremely buggy. The pace of combat is higher, but the combat itself tends to be somwhat clunky. Try the base game first."
76561198038122034,Recommended,219640,7973393,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,kingoftheg,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,219640,3609183,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,excessive umlauts,"Brutal, unforgiving, hectic, and fun as hell.No multiplayer game hits harder and comes off as well as this."
,Recommended,219640,3163385,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Wikus Valliant,"Come join the medieval slaughterhouse, but beware your head!"
,Recommended,219640,11591246,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Cujo,Though the game is a bit frustrating at first when you first start to play. It becomes a very fun and funny game. Graphics are great abd the fighting is so much fun. PS. you are going to get teamkilled a lot.
76561198080861040,Recommended,219640,8502504,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NORDIC NIGHTMARE,good fun in stages :-)
,Recommended,219640,11593578,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Xtraevil,need to have a good pc to ru it but yes it is good 10/10 p.s. wait for it to go on sale
,Recommended,219640,11619240,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,dnd slaying triss poontang,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH.  eeEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGGGGGGGGGGGGGH.  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH/10
,Recommended,219640,11621247,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,EffingWasps,"I first learned of this game's existince from a video by the video game extraordinaire Criken. His shenanigans and hijinks in the game were appealing to me, and now that I have started pc gaming, this is of course one of the first games I bought. The game was very fun even though I don't think I even got one kill my first game. In fact most of the time I'm just mesmorized by my own limbs being chopped off, although it is even more satisfying to destroy somone else's cranium with a maul. I think the only problem I have with this game is that there aren't enough peasants to kill. My pillaging urges that have grown more potent due to playing this game and I need more than a simple village.Anyways I give it an 8 out of 8 pillaged villages would plunder again."
,Not Recommended,219640,11621579,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Budd Dwyer,"Over all the major short comings of this game are caused by the community and not the developers. I will admit the combat is nice lots of features that make sword play both challengeing and satisfying. However most players throw half these moves and foot play entirely out the window in exchange for walk forward and spam left click, thus draining combat of the before mentioned satisfaction, skill or any fun at all. But that's even if you get to even face your assailant.So do you like being pelted by arrows and not being able to so anything about it? no? well to bad because it will happen ALOT, most classes don't even have shields and the archer can stand on the opposite side of the very small map with little to obstructing their view. Now do you also like actually making it through the archers and finally finding some one to sword fight only to get stabbed in the back by his 5 team mates that were there waiting for you? well to ♥♥♥♥in bad because this will also happen a lot.  Now imagine all of the above is going and meanwhile there are 5 10year old kids screaming at the tops of your lungs at all times, and that is pretty much chivalry in a nutshell"
,Recommended,219640,11622890,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,xj00shx,hey this game is tight.
45678912311111111,Recommended,219640,11623843,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Dramamine,"So fun, especially if you get gud."
76561198063120241,Recommended,219640,11595860,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Singing Tapir,It's like Mount and Blade: Warband with more polish to it.8/10
,Recommended,219640,11597129,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,HODOR_REMEMBERS,"I really love this game. I just got it on a whim during the steam sale and it's easily one of the best purchases I've made. Chivalry is fairly balanced and simple, 4 classes, but with lots of room for personalization in the choice of weapons. The community seems great to me and not too hardcore(or maybe I just haven't played enough). All in all this game is a must buy and will steal  many an hour from your life!"
,Recommended,219640,11598428,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,hatesec,"this screaming simulator will draw you in, like a siren, only with screaming instead of singing. and instead of turning your men into pigs, it will cut your ♥♥♥♥ing head off."
76561198060600758,Recommended,219640,11601818,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Gentleman III | kickback.com,"A good,fun game but it has a few issues, the most annoying of which is the fact that combat gets fairly old pretty quickly. You can only chop someone's head off so many times before it gets dull. Other than that, it's a great game, albeit on par in terms of difficulty with Arma and Total War."
,Recommended,219640,11741518,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Setheck,This game is incredible. The screams of your fallen enemies and comrads will give you a real sense of medieval war. It will make you into a man and put hair on your♥♥♥♥♥Be afraid! As you will lose yourself in the fierce combat and when you are covered in blood you will find it hard to tell which team you are on.
,Recommended,219640,6647390,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,slaw,"Simply an awesome game, lots of replayability, 4 different classes, 18 unlockable weapons per class, special moves for each class, ranged combat for archers and plenty of melee for the rest!Very challenging, fast paced, team objectives, 1 on 1 duels, and free-for-alls.  Simply the best in medieval combat!"
76561198005497139,Recommended,219640,7812913,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Panda aka. Lt.Roe aka. Link,"Chivalry is awesome BUT the dlc deadliest warriors is nearly the worst thing i ever played.- It crashes holy moly often when you play it.- many many bugs like stuck in the wall, die from nothing, weapons dissappear, you cant level up, gear is gone and hitbox dosnt work.- They changed it that you need a 64bit os instead of a 32 AFTER the launch with a patch...And it laggs like hell.Oh and you get votekicked by every team dmg even its 1% or you kick them because you cant pass through a door."
,Recommended,219640,1120679,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,♂ Biscuit,Amazing game
76561198022811740,Recommended,219640,7814569,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Majo,"Bloody good, and bloody fun. Got friends to play with? Well start slashing, hacking, kicking, incinerating, stabing, decapitating(I leave the rest to you) as you laugh like a madman and play golf with their heads.Great game 9.5/10, Just stay away from distant servers since any kind of lagg or delay will reduce your experience to smoldering pieces of ash like your used-to-be body!"
,Recommended,219640,1981072,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Pippi Longstocking,"This game is amazingly funPossitives ++Weapons when hit have Impact+Graphics suit the game+Fast, fun paced skilled gameplay+Decapitation and mutilation+Nice community+Very well balenced+Hard acheivements (yes this is a positive)Negatives --Few bugs in training (I do want that damn acheivement)-Cliping camera-Weapons sometimes don't damage when the look like they shouldOverall ♥♥♥♥ing get this game: 9/10"
76561197994280250,Not Recommended,219640,7816321,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,dokterschlonz,idiotic medieval FPS melee game.
76561197988287846,Recommended,219640,1166530,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,Lvl. 31 Footman,"This is by far and large my most favorite game right now.  I've been playing First Person Shooters for years, but few could ever hope to hold a candle to this absolutely astounding game. It's a First Person SLASHER!The atmosphere is absolutely immersive. The graphics are simply amazing. The epic soundtrack playing in the background really gives you a pumped up feeling as well.Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a game where you can charge head long into the enemy with your brothers in arms at your side. You can see the enemy before you. The only people sitting back and shooting at you with ranged weapons are archers. If they can hit you then hats off to them, for it is no easy task with a bow and arrow here.The combat is also very well done. There are a multitude of weapons to choose from, several class roles to play as, and several different ways to attack your opponents. Not to mention the combos you can use with your attacks.Team Death Match, Last Team Standing, Capture the Flag, King of the Hill, Team Objective (My personal favorite), Duel Mode (another favorite). This game has it all.In conclusion....LONG LIVE AGATHAAAAAAA!!!! YEEEEEEEAAAAAHHHHHH!!!"
,Recommended,219640,7817205,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,daddy better make me choke,"Overall a great game. Still a few small quirks to work out, but when you have that ""I don't have any games to play"" (Even though you have over 100), this game is perfect."
,Recommended,219640,1085724,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Crusoe,"First person melee combat done right. And that's a rare ♥♥♥♥ing thing.And it's online. So you're hacking off other other people's heads and limbs.One of the most gratifying games I have ever played.To be taken in small doses, preferably after a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ day.Each class also has unique, and hilariously over-the-top-awesome war cries.So, yeah.Buy it."
,Recommended,219640,3364933,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Woolfe,"Mad mulitplayer set in age of castle and seige weapons. Scream, swing your flail or sword at the enemy and get your head cut off... ♥♥♥♥ing awesome"
,Recommended,219640,2797900,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Kyle,Prepare to get all your limbs chopped off.
,Recommended,219640,78276,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,SoloSynth1,"My girl saw me playing, and said it was like a bunch of drunken men fighting. I cannot agree more."
,Recommended,219640,7826110,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Billy the Kiddo,I oove this game if you have the money get it and play with me.
76561198110243184,Recommended,219640,11844098,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,azoozsa10000,GOOD GAMEI RECOMMEND THIS GAME
,Recommended,219640,11846637,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Old Mango,"where do i start with this gruesom game, i love it, it gives you this imense undescribable satisfaction to tear someones body apart limb from limb, i dont consitter myself a person who would do this kind of thing, but this game.... oooh it really brings out the worst in me, i love it.its simple yet complicated enough to be fun; its not simply enough to wave your sword around, you actaully need to be strategic, and bluff your enemies so you can land a devistationg blow on their small vulnerable skulls.you can play as a noob archer, vangaurd or heavy, you can play your own strategy, you can be a total ♥♥♥♥♥ and shoot from afar with a stick tosser aka: bow, or you can be a total badass and bring the fight to your enemies, and totally dominate their face with your massive hammer........ but all in all, this game is a beauty, a total nerve easer, if you're angry or something, then just chop someone up in this game, its wonderful.10/9 would buy the sequel, even if it would turn out to be crap."
76561198128355183,Recommended,219640,11167174,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,JediMasterB,This game is super fun. Crashes every once in a while but other than that I recommend getting it for sure.
,Recommended,219640,294089,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Happy Dance,"Here's all you need to know: Press C, HEYAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! FOOORRRR ARRRRRGOOOOOOOTHHHH!!!! YIIIIEEEEEEAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!  Wait till its 75% off =P"
,Recommended,219640,11169536,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Shimm,"Really like the team objective on the game although free for all makes me rage so much. The skill required for combat is great, or you can run in, hack and slash, and die multiple times."
,Recommended,219640,11171234,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Tiny Wiener,Great game.
,Recommended,219640,11086968,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Kyatto,"Neat idea, bad mechanics, all servers have tons of lag so your controls will be complete garbage, and unless you like 100% of the community being complete a-holes all the time then you won't put in long enough to get around the controls and lag to have a half decent game.Not recommended. Prepare to lose every time, get killed doing something that everyone else does to kill you, get berated by other players for being new/not having mastered the game in less than the 2000 hours they have played, sluggish controls and mechanics that either don't queue up the right command or it trigger too late, and perpetual teamkills. Then there are technical bugs/glitches on top of that.Bad experience, bad community, bad mechanics, bad ping (>200 for all players, always), not the happy-fun-arcade-hack-and-slash it's chalked up to be."
,Recommended,219640,11088844,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Zilch,"Hardcore, intense, epic, adictivie, beautifull, thats is chivalry 100% recommendend!!!"
,Recommended,219640,7884513,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Zeus,"is cool game, you can pick up rock and throw , is real istic"
76561198028717450,Recommended,219640,7884954,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Miyagi,Best combat system ever! Should be a MMORPG and not ARENA-Only
,Recommended,219640,7480858,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Apathy,"This is like War of the Roses without the unlock progression... Which is fine. Because Chivalry does everything else better anyways.Class based medieval gameplay. Take castles one objective at a time. Use siege weaponry. Swing massive 2 handed swords - but be careful not to take off your buddies heads as well... Yea... ""friendly fire"" is in full effect.Its self explanitory from one look at the previews. Its fun... Its easy to pick up.You will gleefully crush skulls and severe limbs in pure gratuitous mediveval blood splattering joy. Its even fun to die because the brutality is so.... Brutal... Got it on sale. No complaints at all. Bout to play it right after I finish this recommendation."
76561198044540608,Recommended,219640,7866658,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,hannukah han,Throwing Knives 10/10 best weapon any game ever would totally bang
,Recommended,219640,7867976,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Perfectly Respectable Name*:・ﾟ✧,"Awesome game! Bit of a learning curve, but very fun! Wish there was a campaign mode tho. 4/5 stars :)"
,Recommended,219640,2845721,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,Sir Furlong,"A very solid game, looks a great, feels great. The controls are a bit wonky at first but if you love native M&B Warbands you'll love this. It has a variety of game types, a wonderful selection of unique weapons with different styles to them. I also love the brutality of the gameplay, nothing makes a man feel better than cutting another man's head off!Defenitly worth picking up, and go for the 4-pack."
76561198087708154,Recommended,219640,7857714,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TEALseal,This a fantastic game! I truly love the fighting style and the feel of the Medieval Warfare! This is a beautiful creation for a medieval FPS! Thank you Torn Banner Studios! I couldn't ask for more expecially knowing its their first commercial title
76561198061414940,Recommended,219640,7868169,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Supernova,Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is by far is the BEST indie game I have ever had in all the years I have been gaming (which has been a while). It has amazing fun and addictive gameplay mechanics and is one of the best multiplayer games around. Chivalry has the most gorgeous graphics (with a high-end PC) with stunning textures and quality.Pros: *Great graphics*Fun gameplay*Amazing multiplayer experienceCons:*Not the best AI (doesn't really matter because you usually play with other people)*occasional glitchesOverall score: 9.7/10
,Recommended,219640,232859,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Ares (✿◠‿◠),Definelety worth the summer sale money ! Community seems alright so far. Not an easy game but you get used to it.
,Recommended,219640,7868920,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Nogger Icecream,great success
,Recommended,219640,7869040,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,8bit-Buddha,"step 1: purchase game and download , Step 2: join game. Step 3: SPAM C BUTTON OVER AND OVER AND REALIZE WHY THIS GAME IS SOOO AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198059522966,Recommended,219640,7869183,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,TH3......Br0,one of the best first person medieval game that i ever played!buy it!
76561198005234592,Recommended,219640,7869813,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Kelrix,As the game can not get past the first start up as the exe crashes i recommend you do not buy the game as steam don't give refunds.  Aslo i have look for a fix and there isnt one as yet.
,Recommended,219640,7870756,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,mr1me csgolive.com,great game
,Recommended,219640,5609684,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,NinjaTigers,"Decapitating your foes with large broadswords, what could be better? Game is a lot of fun and very well made. Worth the money!The game is not without it's cons. Because of the real time tracking and unique combat, if you try to play now you will get dominated by people looking at the floor sprinting at you swinging a huge unblockable sword. These players make the game incredibly not fun, but besides that the game is a blast."
,Recommended,219640,24063712,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Arrow,- Buy game- Loads up game- Join friends match- Pick Man at arms class- Follow my team- Get head cut off in .34 seconds10/10 would die blindly for my king again
,Recommended,219640,24024801,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Claimant,-
76561198069655576,Recommended,219640,24022722,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Flupsel,FORE AGATHA AAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWW
76561198044017525,Recommended,219640,24117706,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ripleyQ,"for agatha, and for the order. Malrek is a doof. Classic Game superb melee combat sides some weird (exploits?) with spinning around."
76561198065932835,Recommended,219640,24115372,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Azog the Defiler,No RNGNo magicLots of bloodLots of swordsLot of funBUY IT NOOOOOOW !!!
76561198038935258,Recommended,219640,24095465,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,AssertiveGravy,Man this game is gre-I got kicked...okay...join a new game...hell yeah I'm doing awesome I hope this las-kicked...alright...I'll join a free for all that way there won't be any team damage...found one...loading in...kicked...69/10 - would totally get kicked again
,Recommended,219640,24103615,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,The Ice King,Great game right of the bat.♥♥♥♥♥♥gets hard when you reach level 16 and have to play on actual servers with the no life players.10/10 For Accedentally spearing a team mate once during a moshpit of fighting then getting banned from the server
76561198163672476,Recommended,219640,22115468,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Doctor Dan,"Helpful, respectful community."
76561198248204350,Recommended,219640,24107603,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,mojo kojata,For every fan of medieval things but sadly im not a fan of these games but its fun to play :D
,Recommended,219640,24109619,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BlackArrow,AAAAAEEEEERRRGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,24109758,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,CCoopeer,"chuvarlu, the best game ever!!!"
,Not Recommended,219640,24108396,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,-=K3V=-,"THIS GAME DOESN'Y WORK ON OSX!Nobody replies on the technical support forum...Please remove this from the mac OSX compatible game!REFUND!imac 27inch late 2012i7 3,4Ghz 32Gb DDR3 RAMNVIDIA GeForce GTX 675MX"
76561198072854084,Recommended,219640,6703711,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Same,Play dis game bruhs.
,Recommended,219640,24114497,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,gobble gum,its like infinite warfare but more futuristic
,Recommended,219640,20019528,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,HaydonJay,Your brain is as dry as a biscuit after a long voyage!
76561198033860581,Not Recommended,219640,24123527,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Xeshnik,Very clunky and bad hitboxes
76561197991915193,Not Recommended,219640,24122696,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jekkel,"was fun at first, until I played Multiplayer, then I realised the character imbalance when I went up against an entire army of helicopters.  I came back to playing this after a year or so to see it prosper, clearly i should have read the most recent reviews....."
,Recommended,219640,24030518,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Polar,♥♥♥♥ing LOVE IT
,Recommended,219640,24071981,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,rotten apple,"""Thou drone! Thou slug! Thou snail! Thou salt!""-Mason Knight"
76561198128506842,Not Recommended,219640,24148088,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,KrispyTaders,"the game is good but the community is♥♥♥♥♥♥you go on a server and get teamkilled or hit by your own teammates over and overyou also go up against unskilled idiots that only play knights and just spam swingor the people that kick you for no reasonremove the ability to hurt your own teammates and the game would be 100x better, but the devs don't give 2 craps about this game"
,Recommended,219640,24155639,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TomSatt,"I got this game really cheap and for less then 3 bucks, it was really good. Anything over that however is a ripoff. The combat was fairly decent and maps were quiet well made. But movement was a little sluggy compared to othergames today. On my 970: FPS was very good, and graphics were fantastic. But on my older graphics card, it was a terrible experience. But there are lots of community maps/servers and devs are fairly active.7/10 - Overpriced!"
,Recommended,219640,24158313,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,fuzii,Press C to scream
,Recommended,219640,2395176,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,Phool,limb lopping goodness... whats not to like
,Not Recommended,219640,24136560,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Highsenbong,"This game is a joke. Still pushing out visual bug fixes on a game that's 4 years old? HAHAHAHAHAStill pushing out ridiculous updates that shouldve been fixed in Beta or Alpha. Fun game if you can overlook the daily updates of 200+ MB..... Cant recommend a game that is this unfinished, and that doesnt have an Early Access tag next to its name. Devs = not capable of listening to the community."
76561197960569998,Recommended,219640,10960518,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LTC_Oliver_North,Best game everrrrr
76561198067310512,Recommended,219640,30814630,Posted: 29 March,all,hedfuk,Its all fun and games until somebody exploits the animations.
,Recommended,219640,24133144,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Richy,Meh
76561198101343945,Recommended,219640,24129411,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,enderarmy,"Truth be told, the game is OK, it's combat system is complex enough to require a lot of skill to be good at, so it requires skill and not something else like luck, which is good but might be very annoying for new players. On the other hand, the game just wasn't exactly majorly endearing, but that could be just my opinion. Overall, I would definitely recommend this game for anyone even moderately interested in medieval warfare, but not at full price. If you are looking at this game, get it on sale."
76561198119314501,Not Recommended,219640,24226958,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Pierce,THIS GAME KEEPS CHARSHING DURING A LOADING SCREEN EVRY ♥♥♥♥ING SCREEN FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥NOW
76561198064948404,Not Recommended,219640,24233367,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,dingle1c,"Everyone else says it. Broken mechanics, same class and weapon using spinning glitching abusing turds ruin the game. Play until 15 and make a new account, if you wanna try it... about the only way to enjoying not running into majority of those problems but all in all, not worth the time honestly... itll just make you wish the game didnt blow"
76561198012889758,Recommended,219640,24219552,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,•҉ SinneD,Just hitting the 1000 hour mark and I can safely sayy this game is amazing. I highly recommend it!
76561198062992714,Recommended,219640,24211907,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Gjallandr,"So I played it today the first time after the installation...got stuck 7 hours because it was great fun to slash people and chopping their heads off. Then I got kicked because I won a few games... Community could be better, especially the trolling friendly fire players...but nontheless i would buy it again every time. The graphics are allright, good enough for me. Gameplay could be more fluent sometimes (I'm connected with W-Lan. Maybe the mistake lies here). I wish my friends would play this game with me...I would crush them so damn hard....IF YOU READ THIS: I WILL CRUSH YOU SO DAMN HARD...fazit:buy this game.*sorry for bad english*"
,Not Recommended,219640,10710353,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Oded,"This game is no longer medieval, it should be renamed to Chivalry: Ballerina Warfare."
,Recommended,219640,2756363,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,wBaRaTo,bom game
,Recommended,219640,24221201,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,War,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,219640,24198343,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Final Freeze,Enemy team was literally 3 feet away from dumping corpses into my water supply. The rest of my team was out bringing the fight to them. I was the sole protector of the cart and I held off the enemy until we won the game.10/10 would give my life for the Mason cause again.
,Recommended,219640,10139385,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Gameboydrugsman,Chopping heads of with a 2m sword........ sob* my dream has come treu.....
76561198092089871,Recommended,219640,24068313,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,IrksomeWar7,"Hard to find games like this,its pretty fun!"
,Recommended,219640,24179723,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,pepsi,"Game is extremely fun, and can be very very frustrating once you hit level 16, because that is when you cant play in the noob servers anymore, and have to play with the pro's essentially. If you arent up for a challenege and get upset and quick easily, dont play this game. Many people give this game a bad review because ""bugs"" or ""cheats"" or that people tryhard too much. First lets discuss the bugs, the ""bugs"" are apart of combat. Similar to how bhopping is considered a ""bug"" in counter strike, yet never really patched because there's a way to counter it, etc. The ""bugs"" these people refer to is when you're a knight or a vanguard you hit from behind by turning around quickly from your opponent and slicing upwards to hit the opponent while he's like ""what the ♥♥♥♥?"" It is easier to counter once you get the hang of it, and adds value to the combat, since all there really is, is *Slice Slice Block* which can get pretty stale at first. Get used to getting tked and hit by your teammates a lot, but if it's happening over and over again, you can vote kick them and if the vast majority agree (55% in some servers) he will be temporally banned from the server, which is a good thing imo. the ""cheats"" some people have talked about, are people who are just simply bad at the game. Trust me i've done my research, the only thing close to cheats are esp, and esp is literally useless in this game.  So the people that are commenting about ""cheats"" are just butthurt ♥♥♥♥♥ies essentially. The servers issue is sort of an issue if you live in the east coast, sometimes it can be hard to find a server with full people and good ping, sometimes you just have to play in a 100 ping server because no ones on. I reccomend playing at night though, because thats when most people play. The game overall is a great game, and you will definitely spend at least over 20 hours, which honestly is really good for a 25 dollar game, where as a 60 dollar single player game will last you about the same probably less. If you can withdraw through all of the struggles in this game listed above (dealing with good players like any other game :>) then you'll be fine. God knows this game needs more players, so suit up and fight for AGATHA!!!"
,Recommended,219640,7875610,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,AbsoluTe Field,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is an odd game to review. It's pretty buggy, can get awful with lag, and has had its fair share of moments where the game loses my weapon progress and my key bindings after an update or... well, for no reason at all. I can't say it's easy to deal with.At the same time, it's a ridiculously fun game that I've very much enjoyed playing, even with the aforementioned problems. The melee takes some getting used to, but it's so much fun to run around a battlefield screaming your war cry as you cut through a bunch of people wanting to cut through you. It may not be worth the normal $25 asking price, but it's very much worth it on a sale if you want a flawed but fun multiplayer game."
,Recommended,219640,7875655,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,IamJoogle,I love this game
76561198036921727,Recommended,219640,7875673,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mercy,incredible one of the best games i have every played its a fun challenge to try and be baetter ...i even loved the tutorial
76561197971059162,Recommended,219640,7877220,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,1funn67,one of the best game ive ever played
,Recommended,219640,558776,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,RockitBootz,"Outdoes War of the Roses at its own game in just about every way. Incredible and insanely rewarding multiplayer and combat system. If you want a kickass Multiplayer experience without dropping $60 or dealing with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t pay2win systems, THIS IS IT."
76561197961592243,Recommended,219640,92267,"Posted: 15 December, 2012",all,Acidlion,AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRGEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!
76561197997384449,Recommended,219640,7878104,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Acecakes,You can cause a mans skull to explode with a mace. You will giggle. Thats the normal response to seeing that right?
,Recommended,219640,7878457,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Mellow Yellow Lemon,"You buy the game for the first person action hack and slash super fun-time, but you stay for the dynamic weapon play and strategy. Highly recommend the main game, but the Dealiest Warrior DLC seems kinda rushed and incomplete. Hopefully a few patches will rectify this though. Still lots of fun playing as a samurai though..."
76561198022502436,Recommended,219640,7878648,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Toro,it's fun with friends
76561198020849515,Recommended,219640,3325882,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,Prunus persica,日本語版は無いけれど、特に必要を感じない。剣を振り回して、敵を叩き割る戦闘が楽しい。マルチプレイしかないけれど、十分ですよねー。
76561197963172099,Recommended,219640,141111,"Posted: 27 February, 2013",all,Joe Skidmark,One of the best and funiest game Ive ever played. not many games Ive sunk 444 hours into...
76561198021977339,Recommended,219640,3394068,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Inklan Utterfield,"Have you ever come home from work or school or what have you and found yourself thinking, ""Gee, I've noticed a distinct lack of gore and general badassery today... hmm...""? You have? Greaaaat! Then stick around for a while, Slim. Who says Chivalry is dead, not me that's for sure. This epic murder simulator puts you in the role of an epic warrior (4 classes available) whose mad epic shizzels with an epic sword, my fine friend, are all down to how you choose to control your epic warrior by ducking and weaving, thrusting and slashing, or even LMB spamming if you're an epic n00bz0r LAWL n00bz. Have I said epic enough? No? Ok, then, get this epic game. Seriously, it's good."
,Recommended,219640,7844118,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Feranor,"This game is a mixed bag. It does offer a far more precise and fluid control scheme than say, Mount and Blade or War of the Roses, and as such was more skill-based than its competitors. However, while CMW started out as a competitive PvP game, it has since been heavily dumbed down to make it more accessible to a wider audience. In addition to this the game has suffered from crippling bugs and glitches that TBS does not seem capable of fixing. Each time they resolve one issue, they introduce two new ones. Some of these problems can also be exploited to gain unfair advantages, such as attacks that hit instantly and broken animations that hide one's attacks from one's opponents, allowing the player to get around their target's defenses in a cheap way.Thus, while the game is still fun to play in a casual manner, the competitive aspect has been ruined. If you want to compete with the best, you have to cheat, as almost all highly ranked players happily abuse any exploit available to them with no regards to fair play or sportsmanship. As a result, the community is one of the most toxic you will find."
,Recommended,219640,7845040,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Tuurtle1,Great game.
76561198051271478,Recommended,219640,7845464,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Noob,"This game is really good, love the combat system , i wish there were more maps :D"
,Recommended,219640,3237622,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Kedigori,Excellent game. Days of fun.
,Recommended,219640,7835288,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Carlos Mencia,"Great fun with friends and strangers alike. The swordplay feels very clunky, but I suppose that adds realism to the game. Multiple game-types, quick respawns, large servers, and a challenging game!"
,Recommended,219640,2655458,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,XiaoXiaoMan,"It's a fun game with a poor community. Once you get past the people who call you a♥♥♥♥♥♥or♥♥♥♥♥whenever you kill them, this game is a good load of fun. It takes time to learn, but once you know what you're doing, it only gets better. Just be sure to disable the chat."
,Recommended,219640,7835323,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,omegaphoenix068,Great game. Quite fast paced. Simple enough to get into.
,Recommended,219640,7835556,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Teddy,"Great game, if you got nothing to do and just want to brutalize someone with a big hammer or chop their heads off with an axe.It's a game I personally play in between games, or when I am kind of bored.  The community is decent, and I don't get the sense of swarming brats all over the place, maybe they just plague the consoles, who knows.The game has several modes, mission, capture the flag, duel, team matches and free for all.  There is nice destructible environment used in this game, but it is very limited.  Using the catapult is not recommended either because you will be yelled at if you kill your fellow soldiers by bombing them to oblivion."
,Recommended,219640,7888293,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Username.exe / George Bush,A bloody good time
,Recommended,219640,7888647,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Nix,"A very fun and rewarding games once you get good at it. Be warned it is dificult, but very very fun."
,Recommended,219640,7888871,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,AWXYMRAWN,yeay
,Recommended,219640,7888913,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,XaXa,A great Medieval FPS.
76561198065221283,Recommended,219640,7888999,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Gentopenguin,Ever Since Deadliest Warrior came out this game has stopped working -.-
76561198055962883,Recommended,219640,7889336,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,3D GeeK,"First person skyrim with hacking abilities?... i say yes, this game is simply amazing, although it is a bit buggy at times it sure makes up with all of the weaons you can unlock, i say about a 8 out of 10"
76561198024531986,Recommended,219640,3547861,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Grajiva,Real men play this game. F'ing awsome.
,Recommended,219640,7890268,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Joe-Storm,"This game is so much fun! It's a realistic medieval FPS game and it is just so fun! It can be hard, but still lots of fun."
,Recommended,219640,968498,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,シュルシュル,"If Dark Souls PVP was first person and tremendously more silly, it'd probably be something like this."
,Recommended,219640,736975,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,tebbles,Real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198067530745,Recommended,219640,7890934,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dad vibes,stab chop cut
,Recommended,219640,1209340,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Öz,"I can't believe I haven't recommended this game yet, I guess I thought you ♥♥♥♥♥ all already had this. Guess not, stupid casuals. Well if you want to stop being a casual then get this game and bash other casuals in the face or do what I do, which is archery, because bows and♥♥♥♥♥♥are cool and I like being legolas and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Be aware that I'm actually good at this game and you probably won't be because you know, you probably suck, and I rule. Anyway this game is really gritty,gorey, and fun/not serious. Make fun of the other team all you want because they can't kick you. Call their mother fat 5 times and you'll let out a whole bunch of repressed school memories. Bahahahahahahahahaha... Last to pick for the basketball game Tim, now you're playing a knight with too much time on his hands and yelling at some prick with a bow. I need a life10 out of 10, worth every penny."
,Recommended,219640,7891453,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,EliteOperative,"Prepare to Die would have been a much more fitting title for this game.Also, it's fun."
76561198067188524,Recommended,219640,6479967,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,sohot53,Great game!
,Recommended,219640,7928859,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,GHoooSTS,just punched a guys head offso much gruntingawesome game
,Recommended,219640,7928887,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Wolfgang,Well its like a medieval deatmatch.Buy it on Summmer or Winter sale.
76561198082380678,Recommended,219640,7006528,"Posted: 10 February, 2013",all,The_Continental,"What's better than impailing your opponent with a spear in up close and personal combat? Joining your allies in taking the opposing teams fortress?  Protecting your King? Nothing. Call of Duty, eat your heart out."
,Recommended,219640,7417158,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Baba Ganoush,Buy this game. It's always ♥♥♥♥ing on sale.
76561198033245767,Recommended,219640,4173613,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,VonHammer,If you like medieval style/hackslash games BUY THIS your head wil be chopped off :D
76561198007643134,Recommended,219640,7931780,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Graverobber,This is quick and fun even requires some good combats timing and skills!! I think its like 5.99
76561198156378515,Recommended,219640,12617127,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Enderman_lp,"Absolutely brilliant, intence action. Matches are nice and varied with plenty to get involved. Very addictive."
,Recommended,219640,12618224,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Kambuja,"Nice, clean warefare. I'm used to playing as a sniper, so my first choice for character was the archer. I learned that aiming a bow is a b!tch. My next choice is now my favorite: the Knight. I will always choose the knight with a longsword and I am nearly invincible. Over all, a balanced game if you know what you are facing. dont forget to block -.-"
76561197996537161,Recommended,219640,12619742,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,HfG≈EaterOfFetus (SR),"F@&K YES! i have had alot of fun with this game. hacking, slashing, throwing javlins through the neck of an unsuspecting player from murder hole on a castle wall! if ur a fan of midevil thing...  then this is a must play. if ur a fan of first person shooters...   then ur appreciate and enjoy the change of pace. worth every penny!"
,Recommended,219640,12619939,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Aerotonic,One Sentence-The Best Medieval Combat Game... Ever..
,Recommended,219640,12620501,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Meteorsafer,Pretty much the only game I don't mind dying.10/10
,Recommended,219640,12268904,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,squirtle squad,Never played a game where you can blow up a mans head with a sledgehammer? You're missin' out!
76561198068782782,Recommended,219640,12270480,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,HolyNoob,Completely worth your investment
,Recommended,219640,12274790,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,colorlessness,This is a multiplayer game that you can have a lot of fun with even if you are terrible at it.  I think there should be more games like that.
76561198029853527,Recommended,219640,12285626,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,SKULLTAKEN™,"I punched my enemies head off, literally. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,12285724,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,LoliSpanker,People who use Halberds and Spaers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198081010682,Recommended,219640,12287167,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,jeverill,"I tried to shout ""FOR THE KING"" but my sentence was cut short due to an arrow penetrating my skull. 10/10"
76561197978231551,Not Recommended,219640,783465,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Flipside,"Torn Banners messed up and they have fixed some community complaints but that doesn't make everybody happy. It was fun in the begining until damn tryhards decided to get tricky. When someone overhead-crouch-down-180-spin-reverses their claymore into the male organs, it was the point when the basic mechanics are abused. And no way the developers are going to do anything against it, so that leaves a sour taste in my mouth."
76561198064483376,Recommended,219640,12216739,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Homesy,"Good fun, nothing more satisfying than flattening someone with a sledge hammer!"
,Recommended,219640,7073421,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,DrumSlave,"Chivalry is one of the best multiplayer experiences I've had in a very long time. It gets you in close and personal to your enemies and one wrong move can lead to you being cut down in gory glory, This game is brutal,  timing and skill are highly encouraged, one slip up and off goes your head (LITERALLY).Trust me, you will die alot., but when you do get the rhythm of the combat it's satisfying and rewarding. Decapitating your enemies has never felt so awesome, Buy this game."
,Recommended,219640,10966559,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jaffa,ya stab em and slash em good game funtime 10/10
76561197989289521,Recommended,219640,10967639,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,G3orge26,I threw an axe at a mans carotid and heard him choke 11/10
,Recommended,219640,10931191,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Irawezom,Swords and Bows. Wat.
76561198040815808,Recommended,219640,10929670,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Clockbot,meh
,Recommended,219640,10934746,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Revwood,"So much fun. Lots of screaming, blood and gore with a surprisingly high skill ceiling."
76561198004598474,Recommended,219640,10934915,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TUTTIRITARI,yolo
76561197997996085,Not Recommended,219640,10934956,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,bustaballs,"The entire experience was frustrating. It seems like nothing more than random click spam and pray that you win. There was a person randomly swinging in the opposite direction while I was stabbing them over and over in the back and I died somehow. Things like this happen over and over. To top it off, my game glitched out 3 times in the 3 hours I tried it out. I couldn't move or type or change weapons and I had to completely exit the game to fix it. Also, I had a full crash where the game just froze and I had to end the process from the task manager to get out. Very poor game all around. I want my $5 back. =/"
,Recommended,219640,10935478,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TehNecr0,"The melee combat is basically where this game is. There's also ranged combat in archers, ballistae, and catapults which requires some form of accuracy. But it's mostly all for the melee combat. It's a very fun game with a wide variety of weapons from shortswords to large hammers to polearms and even daggers. Although there's only 4 classes, it already does match itself with the medieval era from years ago where our modern equipment like guns didn't exist. One of the downsides is that this game is one of the victims of being a spawn trap game; although opposing spawns cannot be entered, they can still be guarded to an extent where it isn't a match anymore.Overall, this is a different experience from most melee combat games where timing and cunning determines every action that's taken."
,Recommended,219640,12932632,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Greados,If you want an action FPS that takes place in medieval times then buy this
76561197967043346,Recommended,219640,12932977,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,DSB-84,this game is dope
76561198145473169,Recommended,219640,12611794,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Mystical Hammer,"KINDA LIKE COD ONLY WITH KNIGHTS ECT NICE BREAK FROM GUN BASE GAMES ,HACKING AND SLASHING PRETTY COOL"
,Recommended,219640,12616318,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Dale Denton,Although this game can feel slow and sluggish it is a very satisfying game.
76561198046283985,Recommended,219640,12616811,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,K0LT,"Chivalry. This game is awesome. Here's why:The CombatIt's glorious. It's fun, simple, yet dynamic, the basics are easy to grasp, but the longer you play, the better you get, even if you still die in hilariously simple and stupid ways ALL THE TIME. An arrow to the head. A wild stone. A teammate who's not playing with a full deck. All sorts of things, and this adds to the experience. Chivalry isn't an accurate game, it doesn't try to be. It's meant to be a cluster♥♥♥♥ of idiots, roleplayers (there are some, believe me), cheaters (there's always some), tryhards, casuals, all in one server, fighting agaisnt one another.I can only put a few cons in this game:There's no matchmaking. Depending on your internet and location, it might be hard to find a server for what you want to play. When you do find it though, it's worth it.If the server you pick has ping, you're going to have a bad time.The Hit Reg isn't exactly..the best thing ever. It works surprisingly well most times, even with a bit of lag, but can also suddenly break down and allow a swing in the air to lop your head off. So there's that.All in all, it's not perfect, if you like medieval , skill based games, you should buy it. You might hate it, you might love it, and you'll play it for ages.9/10. Cheers!Edit: I forgot to mention, there's quite a few people who enjoy ducking/rotating 360 while swinging. I don't really get it, so I won't pretend to. It's cheap, it works extremely well, and you'll have an awfull time trying to fight them if you can't do the same. Just..avoid them. Or scream at them over the mic. You'll figure something out."
76561197976360208,Recommended,219640,12639770,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,loydh,"medieval screaming simulator is a great game, on a side note the combat featured withing is also pretty good.. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,12748463,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,VOODOOCH1LD,"The game doesnt heave enough people playing it and the people who play it are quite sensetive. After a couple hours of playing i came across a guy who had customised his uniform to the point where i couldn't tell if he was a friendly or not, I couldnt see a name so I hit him a few times after which he killed me so i assumed he was an enemy. I came across him again and did the same thing but this time i copped a chatbar full of abuse after which he voted to kick me. I was kicked and banned from the server for how long im not sure, i tried logging on a couple times, after a while i just gave up because i had bben banned from the only populated Australian server that my internet connection could handle (65mbs) and the game started bugging. There was no way to report the player or try and talk to a GM about getting back on the server.Maybe names over friendly players heads would be a good idea and also some way to report players after they have abused you and kicked u for no reason.A few faults aside its a pretty decent game when you can find an Australian server with people in it. The graphics are good and its fairly realistic in the sense that it only takes one swing of a great sword to cut you in half. The team objective battles kept me on my toes and entertaind for the 3 hours that i played until it was brought to a halt.For the price and the fact that it keeps you heavily engaged it is all in all a good game other than the fact that if you get kicked beacause someone is short tempered and they're friends with more than half your team, you're stuck twiddling your thumbs and kept from playing what is quite a good game without any tech support or GM's to talk to"
76561198017913679,Not Recommended,219640,12749081,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Crimson Justice,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a Good war game with Sword's, Axe's, Spare's, Bow's and Other Medieval Weapon's. The sound's are Nice, The Music make's you feel like you are living in the game at time's and The game play is Fast. But it does have a downside when I did play it someone made a NPC warrior what was unstoppable which really killed the game for me. Now Down to Business Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a 6 out of 10 and No to the Recommend of this Game."
,Recommended,219640,12749521,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Leviticus 20 13,Screamed deus vult while i killed doods.9/11 would crusade again
,Recommended,219640,12749605,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Freakous,"An excellent game that is very fun to play with your friends. Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a lot different than most first person games, as you need to think and focus on what you are doing in order to counter and defeat your opponents. You need to focus on working around their defenses and attacking when their block is down, while focusing on your own defense. This is an amazing game that is worth your time. But this game really shines when you play with your friends. The satisfaction of dominating your friends and seeing them fall before you gives you a satisfaction you don’t get in many other games, because when you defeat them, you know it wasn’t because of a cheap shot or they caught you when you weren’t expecting it, you defeated them because you planned your attacks better, were swifter then them, and defeated them with your own skills. This makes this game extremely fun, and with the addition of customizing your own knights to your liking, makes you a one of a kind fighter in this amazing game. The only down side is to truly get the most out of the game, you need to play for a long time to unlock all of your weapons, as some very useful 3rd weapons need to be unlocked as you level up, but it isn’t anything game breaking.  For $25 it is a pretty good deal, for all the fun you get when playing with your friends, but if you can find this game on sale, it would be for the better."
,Recommended,219640,3593833,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Monaco,An awesome skill-based first person medieval battle game.
,Recommended,219640,1517874,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Split,<3
76561198041357263,Recommended,219640,11124290,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Puppy Murderer,This game is fantastic. You can actually run around screaming and punch people in the face. 43/49.
,Recommended,219640,12755703,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,SwankyGoblin,♥♥♥♥ you
,Recommended,219640,5497949,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,SILENTRAFFA,Bel gioco e molto divertente :)
76561198127780744,Recommended,219640,12722763,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,nortt,Chivalry: Medieval Warfare- Forever!!!
76561198079412561,Recommended,219640,8742744,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Preston Gravery,aewesome game got to get
76561198011993105,Recommended,219640,12745510,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Salamander,"Great game, but...I used to play this game a lot and really enjoyed it. However, there was a big update roughly 5 months ago that, IMO, ruined the game. The new update radically changed game animations and other factors that made the game worse. It also completely broke dedicated server hosting with some of my friends. After the update, and near 10 hours of troubleshooting, we discovered some clients were trying to connect on ports 50,000 to 65,000! WTF. We have NOT been able to fix this no matter what we've tried. I am not about to open 15,000 ports just to play a game.With that being said, it is still a great game and I would recommend it, just hope you don't have the same problems we did."
76561198060386982,Recommended,219640,12747964,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,HurricaneM,"Chivalry is a one of a kind experience. When you take a first-person shooter and an action adventure game set in medieval times and cross them you get Chivalry. In essence it's a first-person shooter type game with the exception of using swords, maces, bows and other old weapons instead of firearms. What's really good about that, is that you can't just point and click to hit someone. You have to take into account your weapon reach, weapon speed, the movement and turning of your body and that of your opponent. And timing. Especially timing. A split-second could mean the difference between your demise or triumphant victory.The use of weapons is deceptively simple. After playing the tutorial you can probably use every kind of an attack there is. But getting good at using them is going to take time. The learning curve is rather steep in that sense, but fortunately there are servers now which have a level limit so you can relax and practice your skills there.Despite the learning curve, playing the game is fun. And intense. There is no downtime or planning phase. You'll be in the middle of the action almost immediately. So whether you want to invest a lot of time to the game and become the ruler of the battlefields or just drop by for some action and a laugh, Chivalry has a lot to offer you."
,Recommended,219640,7104252,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Doom Guy,This most fun I've had in a multiplayer. Frustratingly addictive.
,Recommended,219640,12767827,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Extra Sensual Bread,Swung my sword once and killed four teammates and one enemy 10/10 best sword fighter
,Not Recommended,219640,12768036,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,shathin,I hate how it doesnt tell you how to get a shield in MP training is irrevelevent because you cant use a shield right away in MP
,Recommended,219640,9105644,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,The Pickle Man,"After playing an hour and a half of Chivalry, so far I have to say its been a wonderful experience. The combat system could use some work, but is altogether fluent and effective. The multiplayer servers run without a hitch, and the variety of gamemodes makes it an excellent multiplayer experience. The only problem I have with Chivalry is the single player training session. Its terrible. The dialogue is terrible, the voice acting is petty at best, and the training simulations are iffy. So in short, excellent multiplayer game, fluent combat system, could use some help with the singleplayer training."
76561198055106032,Not Recommended,219640,12769738,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Cyber_Zizek_9000,Fundamentally broken. An unarmoured archer with a dagger can easily defeat a knight in full armour with sword and shield.
76561198069773715,Recommended,219640,13046184,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Back Clock,10/10 chopped guys arm off then got my arm chopped off
76561198120623986,Recommended,219640,13046384,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Jayne's Hat,"Very nice game. I really enjoy playing it, and the controls are easy. There are however a few glitches, namely limbs looking like they've been chopped off, so my Vanguard will be grasping at the stump of one arm with his other arm, which is floating in the air beside a bloody hole."
,Recommended,219640,13046441,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Bad-Raccoon,"Fun game, if you can get past all the children glitching, whining, or trying to duel in the middle of a fight and end up getting your whole team killed."
,Recommended,219640,13046490,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,SmokeyDeadLungS,Very good game... Best Medievil fps to date. Very well put together. Shut up and buy!!
,Recommended,219640,13046631,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,adultswim96,"This is a 10$ game not a 25$ game, get it quick"
,Recommended,219640,13046922,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Graff3,This game was great before the most recent update. Now the settings always set back to default after every restart/new map load. Voice chat is no longer working and there is noticable video lag. This game used to run perfectly. On top of that the game has crashed 3 times and froze my computer once.The game play itself is still fun except for the above mentioned.
,Recommended,219640,12998933,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,AngryOldBenAffleck,"Great game, awesome fun.ONly flaw is once you hit rank 15 and there are no more ""official servers"" skill goes away and it all become aboutn ping on custum servers"
76561198032227676,Recommended,219640,13001522,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,DullSwordsman,"Fun multiplayer, although it lags on some of the larger severs.  Combat mechanics are decent(if a little inacurate) and make the various classes fairly balanced."
76561198080187725,Recommended,219640,13001929,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,zZBonesZz,This new patch has totally broken the right click view people in server.  Stays on one server no matter which one you click on.
76561198048128820,Recommended,219640,13002399,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,SunlessHeart,10/10 Mcfeinting madness.
,Recommended,219640,13002646,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,quipher,"I could easily see this game ruining my life 10/10 lots of fun, beautiful maps, skill based combat. i have recomended this game to all my friends :meowric:"
,Recommended,219640,12973816,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Your Waifu a Shit,"I'd say 65 hours of gameplay is enough to write a review, right?Let me tell you this, Steam, and don't you forget it: This game will ride you like a frickin' horse. You will die. Many, many times you will die. Even the players on the level 0-15 noob servers will kick your♥♥♥♥♥repeatedly. You will struggle to do good, and your first games will be spent trying to keep from sitting at the bottom of the scoreboard and looking like a no-skill idiot.Aside from the grueling learning curve that makes games like Dark Souls or look like the next Call of Duty, there is heaps of fun to be had in Chivalry.Let's start with the basics.MAPS-Pretty decent design overall. The simplier ones like arena3 or moor are the most fun, especially if you can find a 50-64 player server with decent ping.GAME MODES-Standard FPS game modes. Team deathmatch, free-for-all, capture the flag, last team standing (TDM with no respawns), and team objective. I find myself playing FFA more than other online games because, on lower population servers, it's arguably more fun than the team-based games. If you don't mind getting stabbed in the back by some gyroscoping knight♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is where the lulz are obtained. I vividly remember wordlessly teaming up with some pink pole hammer-wielding stranger to take on the server in jolly co-operation. A couple of the people who saw us charging at their unprotected asses, our weapons poised to mess them up, ended up juming into the lake. We made first and second place.CLASSES-Hoo boy, here we go. The four character classes (Archer, Man at Arms, Vanguard, and Knight) are for the most part, fair and balanced in the right hands. Don't be too shocked to see that the vast majority of your team or the enemy's are playing Vanguard. Those ♥♥♥♥s are grossly overpowered by wielding the second most damaging weapons with the longest reach in the game. Unless you're also vanguard, avoid getting into 1v1 situations.The other three classes are decent. MAA is fast, can dodge around like a friggin' gazelle. Archers can pull of headshots that pops their skulls like melons. Their daggers are OP. Knights are slow, but their weapons are crazy powerful. Expect VGs and Knights to make up the bulk of your team.CUSTOMIZATION- Not extensive, but pretty cool. You can recolor your team based classes a little (i.e. one side can be colored with blue, white, and gold and the other can be red, black, and brown). FFA coloring is a bit more flamboyant. Don't expect a crazy color wheel full of options, but you can have some fun with it. Expect to find at least person on a FFA server to be strangely commited to the color black. You can also buy character reskins from Torn Banner, but the skins are ugly and cost too much money.Over all, give Chivalry Eight oil pots out of ten."
76561198083468114,Recommended,219640,8917599,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Winnie The Pooh,"Let me cut to the bottom live: Good for RP with friends, couldn't find much else it has to offer..."
76561197965459372,Recommended,219640,13017755,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Zwanzibar,"this game is insane, great, something else and very very outlandish.I would recommend this to anybody that is into some sword fighting from time to time and loves a crazy game thats mostly about releasing your real life stress by bashing some stranger's head in with a giant axe.You'll have allot of good laughs, if you have some friends to join up it will be even better.It might not look like it but if you do not like needing skills in playing a game to survive, chose another game. There's is much you will learn in time that will give you a big edge, like how to swing each weapon, what timing to use, etc. There's a nice good looking skill gap there. Not for noob tubers.Their are allot of game modes for you to enjoy, it feels like a medieval version of Battlefield at times, with less advanced graphics and controls :)Their is a micropayment system in it i dont like but you can not use real money to buy anything that really gives you an edge, mostly just decorations and hats and dumb stuff like that.The game itself feels more or less balanced, some classes have advantages for sure but they are also a bigger target on the battlefield.As in any game like this there are some people who have absolutly nothing else to do then this game and are insanely good at it, that's sometimes a bit annoying. But it's easy to learn some tricks fast.it ran perfectly on my avarage PC, never had any problems, i'm very happy i bought this, perfect game to play once in a while and enjoy!"
76561198016207066,Recommended,219640,13018761,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MR. RAGE,"Playing this game awoke a side of me that had previously been buried. A dark side full of rage and anger, possessed of a terrible bloodlust and a willingness to quench its thirst for carnage. I have split open skulls with axes and removed limbs with a sabre. I have burned men alive and kicked them off of ledges into the rushing waters below, watching as they are swept away by the pitiless currents. I have remorselessly butchered the foes who stood before me and the allies who have been in my path. I have slaughtered peasants with no means with which to defend themselves, and have desecrated the bodies of the fallen with my blades and my bludgeons. And I have done all of this not for king or for honor or for gold or even for achievments.I have done these things because I thirsted for blood. And I was not disappointed.1066/10, would decapitate my foes in honorable combat and build a throne with their skulls again."
76561198024530766,Recommended,219640,13018962,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Knastersockan,yes
76561198127718182,Recommended,219640,13019262,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,r^USH,amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!FF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!££££EEVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!FFVB$BBVB$3brt4b5ya W5YW4Y5TH7THJ
,Recommended,219640,13019543,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Dwiniveer,Great game requires skill be can be a ton of fun I highly recommend it it's like a battle field game but medieval warefare!
,Recommended,219640,13019616,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,アイコ,Awesome game with lot of blood and everythig medieval! You must play this!
76561198048816499,Recommended,219640,13019912,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Zahry Darko,Will play again & again & again
,Recommended,219640,33195185,Posted: 3 July,all,TE | FluffyBastard,Zero Grav servers are the greatest.
,Not Recommended,219640,33204915,Posted: 3 July,all,NicK,"tava daora até A ♥♥♥♥♥ DO MEU MOUSE SUMIR DO JOGO E QUANDO EU ENTRO EM ALGUMA PARTIDA MEU PERSONAGEM FICA OLHANDO PRA CIMA IGUAL UM MONGOLÓIDE , O JOGO INTEIRO FICA COMO SE EU TIVESSE UM CARALHUDO DE UM CONTROLE PLUGADO MAS EU TO JOGANDO NO TECLADO E MESMO SE EU CONECTO UM CONTROLE NÃO FUNCIONA , ARRUMA ESSA♥♥♥♥♥♥♥BANDO DE gente legal e atenciosa :))))))"
,Recommended,219640,33203364,Posted: 3 July,all,Liberty'sPickles,"fun game with great gamemodes, the combat is amazing and brutal, you can chop off arms,heads,legs, anything, it is in FIRST PERSON.9/10"
,Recommended,219640,33189897,Posted: 3 July,all,OliM9595 trade.tf,very fun game. plenty of players and has great gore.
,Recommended,219640,33244293,Posted: 4 July,all,muscu,"Considering how much I've played this game, I could say that i really love this game.10/10"
,Recommended,219640,33246706,Posted: 4 July,all,Cedjoe,Fun game
76561198139211092,Recommended,219640,33178461,Posted: 3 July,all,Yunikōn,Very funny over exaggerated screams when characters die xD The game is fun especially with friends :)
,Recommended,219640,33181895,Posted: 3 July,all,broooooooo,good untill get rushed by like 6 people
,Recommended,219640,8175522,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,not a meat boy,High skill capped game... grows tiring after a lot of hours....
,Recommended,219640,33172432,Posted: 3 July,all,Spoopy T!0H,T'is but a flesh wound.
76561198081672553,Recommended,219640,33165931,Posted: 2 July,all,Valkyrie,This is call of duty with swords and battle axes. I mean dam it's a good way to kill an hour
76561198188813194,Recommended,219640,33167804,Posted: 2 July,all,Nategard445,"the graphics are stunning and the gore is amazing for a game made a little while ago, i give it a 10/10"
76561198008016832,Recommended,219640,33163506,Posted: 2 July,all,Judaes,Buy this game you filthy peasants.
76561198123389914,Recommended,219640,19706191,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,King Edward I,Best sword fighting game on Steam by far
,Recommended,219640,33190746,Posted: 3 July,all,Pickle Rick,I've only played for 30 minutes and all of those seconds playing the game was fun and amazing 10/10 ign would play again
,Not Recommended,219640,24351501,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Levilaon,"For me this game is kinda laggy and not clean, also, even though game itself is fun, I dislike Deadliest Warrior expansion and mechanics that allow experienced people to do crazy unnatural moves. Also, some achievements progression seems to be bugged resulting in you having to do a lot of more than you should have. All in all, I still play it now and then but I can not strongly recommend."
76561198146904244,Recommended,219640,33247524,Posted: 4 July,all,RAV3NOUS DONGG,Very addictive
,Recommended,219640,33012252,Posted: 29 June,all,juck,"I can't believe I've owned Chivalry for over two years, yet I'm just now discovering how amazing the gameplay is. My only issue with this title is the minor optimization problem. It can easily be fixed by digging around in some .ini files, though, so if you end up having FPS problems just look it up; easy fixes for this game are widespread.EDIT: More experienced players seem to use some weird, unpredictable tactics, so keep that in mind when getting into the game."
,Recommended,219640,4473292,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,ggzii twitchtv,Awesome
76561198046349367,Recommended,219640,33254568,Posted: 4 July,all,Jarl Alfred J. Banana-Hammock,"This game is HIV Allahdeen...Its legit fun when you play against people of your same skill level or when  you play with friends. The gore is ♥♥♥♥ing hillarious.If you also want to deal with poorly ballanced classes, ""Knight-Sledgehammer-warshield tank armageddon: 20/2 KD"", 1 hit K.O.'s and a toxic community, go for it.Overall 7/10."
76561198076651418,Recommended,219640,6833511,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,thebrechternator,very cool game for a change when you don´t want to try battlefield3 or call of duty black os 2
,Recommended,219640,12961156,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,General Tom Ritchmen,All I can say is wow! dam fine game.
76561198065806040,Not Recommended,219640,12962346,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ednooooo,"Hit detection sucks, kills the game."
76561198069962017,Recommended,219640,12969807,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Father Orb,this game is very good it has nice graphics excellent controls and violent and gory combat with an perfect system for blocking and attacking with three different attacks there is one problem once you reach leval 16 the game feels almost empty there are some full servers but there are thousends of ones that are almost empty or empty but this is beyond the developers control and is not there fault but to make up for this there are some great mods one that a personaly like is the black night mod which can lead to very funny things just a shame there is no leg biteing
76561198009811103,Recommended,219640,12971245,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Schmois,Endless hours of fun. FOR THE ORDERRRRRR.
76561197992383032,Recommended,219640,13086330,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Rocheocinco,chivalry the game that makes unlock weapons you have already unlocked over and over..other than that its a good game
76561198012827792,Not Recommended,219640,13086971,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Smiles,"Easily one of the worst games available on steam. I was surprised when I found out it wasn't a beta test, but an actual game that they claim is finished.The interface menu is clunky, and the configuration options make little sense. (The ability to toggle sprint, but not crouch?) The default keybindings are poorly done, and it may take some time to fix all of them as there is no real documentation of what the different commands do.The combat is the real problem however. It is pretty much a slower, clunkier version of Skyrim's melee combat with worse hit detection. You may be expecting something like this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kShlU4gJcms&feature=player_detailpage#t=39What you get is this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPPj6viIBmUThe majority of the gameplay is flailing about, trying to hit someone with their back turned. Even if you can get past the slow and clunky gameplay, the hitboxes, combinded with the lag, make it completely unpredictable as to whether you will actually, hit, be hit, or do nothing.If you are looking for any sort of realism, this is not the game for you either. Archers will frequently cut down knights in plate armor with a dagger, while unarmored soldiers will shrug off crossbow bolt to the chest with ease. The primary difference between the classes is their weaponry, as armor is simply a health modifier which means very little and lighter armor equates to an almost indistinquishable change in speed.The variety in the game is sorely lacking. Each class has two and a half appearances without buying the cosmetic DLCs. One appearance for the red team, one for the blue team, and you can pick from either the red or blue team appearance with custom colors for the Free For All mode. There is no performance customization past the weapon selection, where each class gets four primary weapons with unlockable upgrades for each. There seems to only be about 8 maps, with each of the game modes played on those same maps. The team objective game mode has horrible balance issues on almost every map, as there is no way to push to the offensive team backwards, making defeat almost certain for the defenders.The one good thing I can say for the game is that the visuals would be pretty good for a game from 2009."
,Recommended,219640,11010582,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Boyar Vlan,"one of the best games i have ever played. after some getting used to the good players and making your own strategy, the game gets addictive and tremendously fun. 9/10"
76561198129616713,Recommended,219640,11011530,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dildozer,"An extremely brutal good time.After four hours of playing, I find my blood boiling in a slow brooding inner rage and a moment later i'm bathing in blood and deeply satisfied. The combat is all about timing and patience, practice, practice, practice. however sometimes it seems imperfect and i have been killed when I am positive i had the block enaged in time. The classes are well balanced, archer class takes some practiceThe game modes are fantastic, Free for all , las team standing, castle siege and defense. 16 on 16  melee. plus a training tutorial in the beginning helps you get up to speed. The game is console controller compatible.Into the Breach!!!!!!"
76561198077443686,Recommended,219640,11079551,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,A Smug Anime Girl,I learned how to stab people but when I go on servers they kick me because my ping is simply outrageous.
,Recommended,219640,11080305,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Nick Offerman,Worst game ever. 10/10. 5 stars
76561197966973178,Recommended,219640,262273,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,[GoDSpeeD] GDS,This has gotta be one of the most interesting games using the Half Life Source/ Unreal tournament engine i've seen. Quickly becoming one of my favorite games and feels like its been around forever... Just like Counter-Strike.. except with swords
,Recommended,219640,11080811,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rithm,"Gory, makes you feel barbaric, and you yell quite a lot. Get it."
76561198054906498,Recommended,219640,11081577,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,wesleyb947,cut a dudes head off 10/10
,Recommended,219640,5023205,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Mystery Machine,"Best limb seperation simulator 2012-13, 9/10"
76561198144454958,Recommended,219640,30482585,Posted: 12 March,all,superclassicmario,ye
76561198043040313,Not Recommended,219640,11198959,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Joerick,"If you like to enjoy games, then don't play this. Gameplay is shoddy a lot of the time; combat mechanics use interesting physics; can't swing a 3 foot Warhammer in a narrow hallway but can swing a 12 foot polearm in the same hall, headshot with an arrow is not a 1 hit kill... but sometimes it is. And the only gametype that's worth playing is the siege one; Free-for-all is button mashing, Team Deathmatch is so repeditive, and Last Team Standing is people just shouting ""F10"" in the chat.But the real kicker is the community. Horrid attitudes, abusing buggs, spawn camping, teamkilling and banning for no reason. Yes, banning for NO reason. At all. As soon as people see that a vote has been started to ban someone, they automatically assume that the person deserves it and hit ""YES"". In one of game someone got 4 people banned because they had a higher score than he/she did (someone noticed this in the score screen near the end of the match and brought it up). The community I've experienced is a combination of fools and asses.All in all...The game is ""meh"" and not worth putting up with the kind of people who play it. I wish Steam would let me refund this..."
,Recommended,219640,11204189,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Dire Badger,"Very underated game with very good combat mechanics.The deadliest warriors dlc needs some balancing done, however."
76561197962601286,Recommended,219640,125499,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,GrimReefer®,Just Awesome!
76561198087933754,Not Recommended,219640,11209353,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Silly Goof,hated it
76561198067278758,Recommended,219640,10257851,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,FuzzyPooka,"AGATHAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!First Person Medieval combat? Done right? Javelins and quarterstaves? Count me in. Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a brilliant idea actually done right. Setting: It's 1500. Agatha doesn't like The Mason Order. War! And that's about it. 2 teams of feudal infantry face off in free for all, deathmatch, or objective game modes. Players choose from 4 classes.Vanguard: Polearms and two-handed weapons, meant entirely for brutal banzai charges.Archer: Fires arrows, fights with a wimpy dagger. No armour; dies quickly. (Doesn't wear a Ghillie suit, thank god)Man at Arms: Light and nimble: one sword, one shield fighter. Quick, and lightly armoured, dances around enemies.yooouuuu gguuueeessseeeddd iiiittttttKnight: BIG. ARMOURED. SLOW. STRONG. BIG SHIELD. BIG AXE. BIGGER SWORD. BIG ARMOUR.Choose a class, customize his weapon loadout (axes, throwing knives, swords, smoke bombs, pikes, spears, long swords, broad swords, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ swords, maces, mauls. battle axes, little hields, big shields, slings, bows, crossbows, dagggers.) And enter the fray.Comabt is first person, based off of blocking, and hitting. Blocks, be it with weapon or shield, must be in ther general direction of the opponents attack, the larger the object, the more room for error. Kicks and shield bashes wear down opponents stamina, ad open up opponetns for cheeky stabs. Attacking is based on a directional slash, swing, or stab; all with varying speeds and damages. This simple yet intuitive system creates complex and intense dulas mano-et-mano, as well as hectic stab-fests in large group melees. Arrows must be drawn back and aimed, flails don't give a rip who they hit, and quarterstaves are useless. All together, you get a hectic and distinct melee combat game which can be described in one word:FUN!Simple enough, Chivalry rocks. How does it perform? Textures are quite good, though nothing special. Vistas are well lit, well colored, and quite beautiful. Simply; the game looks great. Frame rate is a bit... meh. In accordance to the graphical fidelity, they seem a bit low. Lower end systems should only expect 30 FPS, and even higher ends can barely scrape 60. Combat is intensive, but not THAT much. Regardless, you can run the game fine, even if framerate occasionally gets a bit wierd. (On a GTX 760, I'm averaging 45FPS in heavy combat. I get almost 90FPS in Battlefield 4.) Opponents' limbs fly off spectacularily, blood splatters, and sowrds clang very pleasingly. Furious war crys, crackling fires, painful screams, it all sounds great.Overall: A quick, brutal, and FUN hack and slash first person melee fighter, with well thought out sword fighting mechanics, tons of weapons, engaging game modes, and a whole lotta happiness for $20. Get it, on sale; $8 is well worth this joyride."
,Recommended,219640,11057813,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Tronc,Long Live Agatha!!!!
,Recommended,219640,11058280,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Furry >Some Android,"Played a server with 200% game speed and one hit kills, dominated server with dagger and got accused of hacking. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,11059338,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Fubar,Punched a man's head off. 10/10
76561198048742859,Recommended,219640,11062631,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,whoobs14,This game is just badass as hell. I love it
76561198070616357,Recommended,219640,11062643,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Random Violence,"This is an awesome game, the fighting is really addictive.Definatly worth it.My only issue is character customization or the lack there of and your inability to see your stats, which it still seems to record, but it is a work in progress.They really should go in a direction of creating your own character from the ground up, then it would be my favorite game."
,Recommended,219640,11062657,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,River Otter,Ridiculously fun & addictive!
,Recommended,219640,10958313,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,StevOLotz,"It will definitely take some time to get use to the mechanics of the game, but it looks beautiful, and it definitely has some fun controls."
,Recommended,219640,12991279,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Omnos,"scuse me, yeah, bethesda? how come you guys didnt do this? anyways still a great game."
76561198027230839,Recommended,219640,12991549,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,BiggestPears,"Get friends to buy this game with you. Its significantly more fun to laugh while playing this. THe community is inherintly a little trolly in a fun way so take everything lightheartedly. There is no overpowered class. Ok I lied, every class is overpowered in their own way. Pick one and roll with it until youre comfortable with the mechanics.There are two sides, mason and agatha (red and blue respectively). There are various maps for various modes each with a bit of implied storytelling (both sides are waging a war against each other).mechanics:dodging (its quick hop, really)5 ways to swing your weaponfeinting a weapon swingblocking (both will be momentarily staggered with a successful block)rangedetc etc etc. its fun, read the info on your characters, and go kill somethingalso, the running joke is that agatha is an amazing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to fight a war over"
,Recommended,219640,6300334,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,B.A.,Srsly This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,219640,13111456,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,sickness677,Absolutly fun game.
,Recommended,219640,13112271,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Owned Thijs,It'sbloodyawesome. Get it? Bloody?...Just go play it.
,Recommended,219640,7686537,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Ðecöy Shark,"Who said Chivalry was dead? This game is absolutely awesome! I would easily give it a 8/10 on the enjoyment factor. ""I tire of mead...I thirst...for blooooood!!"""
76561197989729987,Recommended,219640,1232121,"Posted: 15 November, 2012",all,Ndio,This game is pure fun. Som many moments of badarsery and hilarity.
76561198016712788,Recommended,219640,3057593,"Posted: 23 January, 2013",all,The Dandy Ape,"Buggy and frustrating at times, but it's a great fun nonetheless"
,Recommended,219640,13113771,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,AshKayy,"Hello. If your reading this, you're probably looking for some info on the game. Well, I DEFINETLY recommend it. Why? It's a first person game. Good at CoD? Will help ya when your and archer. Like chopping heads off? Vanguard and Knight is for you! Like fast paced kills? Man- at- arms is for YOU!Do those fit you?THIS GAME IS FOR YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,10793123,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Anna Kendrick Lamar,AWESOME GAME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS!
76561198056872783,Recommended,219640,10793713,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CRIE,Great game!!! interesting and unique gameplay
76561197992475414,Not Recommended,219640,10794165,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Red Tiger,"Not worth a cent!.. Swings don't conect, not balanced at all, especially Deadliest Warrior! Many invisible corners that you get stuck in and you sword hits... Swings sometimes go trough an enemy becasue af delay or something..."
76561198035928991,Recommended,219640,10794988,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,swimin,"I log in for the first time to play this game and select a server, once I spawned onto the map I found 20 players wearing red looking at me, and then they all rushed forward and mauled my character to death. Once I hac died they proceded to teabag and contiued to swing away with their weapons at my corpse now lying on the ground without legs, arms, or head. Great game 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,10795193,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CombatWombat22,"Call of Duty, but with Honor! Endless hours of fun, and good sportsmanship. Highly Recommend. There's a battlecry button, and  ""it"" moves every time I hit it."
,Recommended,219640,3018221,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Q-chan,"Brutaly Awesome. You don't play a warrior going into battle...you BECOME the wariror. From mouse swings to side steps, epic battles indeed."
76561198063220190,Recommended,219640,10797327,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Son Of Meme,"Pros:- Kill peasants- Great mods- Great gameplay- Balanced large weapon roster- Lots of players- Good communityCons:- Very cheap tactics (eg. Overhead leans, dragging, left/right drectional switching, instant crouch-and-look-down, parry & quick-stab) that glitch the animations and exploit game mechanics, making fighting 'pros' who all use these cheap tactics annoying and frustrating.- There is no damage scaling depending on what part of your weapon hits the enemy. Stabbing an enemy with the tip of the blade does the same damage as stabbing them with the entirety of the blade. This encourages even further cheap tactics.You should definetly experience this game. It is very unique and is like nothing else on the market.8/10"
,Recommended,219640,10814804,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Azgraal,Counter Strike with swords and arrows. Not too much to tell about it.
,Recommended,219640,10815554,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,markdevastation!,Skyrim without magic and you get to decapitate your friends and foes!
76561198046816391,Recommended,219640,5238326,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Zetton,nice war!
,Recommended,219640,10816986,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,zac,"Great game, good fun :)"
76561198112592679,Recommended,219640,10817924,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Wasabito,"If you have the time and patience to learn the combat gimmicks, then I recommend it. The graphics are good, the maps are ok.  However, if you don't have the time (my case), you are going to die a lot, and then die some more, and laugh at how you get killed (really, not sarcastic laugh). And then, you will leave the game, because you know you can't put much time into it, and you are dead meat. For those casual gamers I would recommend Mount & Blade Warband (Napoleonic wars is hilarious).For those with time, patience and a good internet connection, I would recommend this game."
76561197971325702,Recommended,219640,10818579,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Chrono,The counter-strike of the middle ages. What's not to like?
76561198043084912,Recommended,219640,4903012,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,xxxGrandma,It's the most medieval fun you'll ever have!
,Recommended,219640,10820082,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Willow,"It has a truly unrivaled atmosphere, and also the most realistic game ever. Don't waste time readung this just buy the darn game!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,10820216,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,redheadsoldier,"As Halo is to First-Person Shooters, is Chivalry: Medieval Warfare to the First-Person Slasher."
76561198072544134,Recommended,219640,10820388,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jordmungand,Hot pirate on ninja action.
,Recommended,219640,13134109,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,knifey,I hate this game.
76561198034188021,Recommended,219640,13134265,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Hanbok,"Wielding a giant sword against foes sound fun? How about the ability to dismember another player with all the gratifying crunches and thuds?  In this gritty unreal engine 3 beast of a multiplayer, no guns, grenades or airstrikes, simple and elegant is the concept that's wrapped in a blood soaked package of mayhem. This game brings the art of sword play and dark ages warfare to your fingertips."
76561198037664609,Not Recommended,219640,13134496,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,JBV3737,"Just a slasher, block isn't very affective just slash around with the most powerful weapon as a knight with most armor and your kill ratio will be high enough. just avoid other knights with same weapons..."
,Recommended,219640,13134968,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Jeff,"Okay where do i even begin, This game is so intense and so much fun i would play this game til my eyes blow up the wide variety of weapons on the 4 classes you play as gives you things that you can work on and master. And you can always find a match with other players, i played this game with my friends for somewhat around 8 hours and still didnt get bored. If you do end up buying this game i hope you enjoy it as much as i do!10/10 Best thing since bacon."
,Recommended,219640,13135586,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,EliteKruzer,Great game to casually play
76561198090926335,Recommended,219640,18332644,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ezyboy55,"The quality of the game literally depends on the server you join and the people that are in it, seeing as the majority of the community is terrible, this can often be a problem. Even though thats not the games fault, its still a negative point. other than that, this game is my favourite game and only one i ever really play, great fighting mechanics and realistic atmosphere takes you right back to the medieval era."
,Not Recommended,219640,16989461,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ressurectum,"i wanted to like this... but i just cant.... if the attacks and hit boxes worked correctly it would be awesome. Community is filled with trolls, graphics are kinda meh. theres not much to it, its literally just maps and pvp, there isnt anything else. If you get it, i wouldnt spend more than 5 bucks on this game. I got mine when it was on sale and i had a little fun, but... it just isnt very good. players can cheese the mechanics of this game so hard that the attacks dont make any sense. guys will literally run up to you, spin around so that their back is facing you, look up and do an overhead attack, causing the top fo their swing to be directly behind them. its so stupid.... im all for mouse dragging for longer swipes but only when it actually makes sense...and now to make things worse... i have just realized this game is full of people exploiting speed hacks and aimbots when playing as archer... what a♥♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer."
76561198090418231,Recommended,219640,30545737,Posted: 16 March,all,BAGcerne,"Team damage, sweet team damage. Also fun ahead..."
,Not Recommended,219640,18457656,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Verbose Mode,"Not to Mac users.This game is horrifically unstable and has a disgusting framerate and input lag on Apple computers. This is with minimal setting on equipment that should outstrip the age of this game by years (Nividia 780M). It chokes and sputters if more than one opponet or physics object is onscreen.And all of this is incredibly disapointing because the underlying game is very, very fun.I just can't play it."
,Recommended,219640,18462401,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Krisotf,So if no one plays Chivalry anymore does that mean Chivalry is dead?
,Recommended,219640,18492949,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,baegel,IT'S THE BEST
76561198038830197,Not Recommended,219640,18493132,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,DAKKADAKKADAKKA,"Good until you hit 15 level. When this happens you are completely done for. Higher rank players will obliterate you.Combat is frustrating because it looks like your opponent is having a seizure and then he gets your head. What would be considered cheating in other games here is a mainstay of combat. As i said i get it on levels up to 15. People play fun there, game feels skill driven. Higher levels are just twichy fast mouse moves that you can`t do much against. It is not fun at all, both when looking at it and when doing it.Don`t get it even on sale. Just play some on free weekend. Remember, after level 15 the game changes from fun to♥♥♥♥♥♥in a second."
76561198038515122,Recommended,219640,18493367,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,dyble,Fun game to kill time on. Lots of replay value.
76561198120951574,Recommended,219640,18493428,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,MattDiLo,Not addicting but good visual of what a medieval fighting simulator should be.
76561198051507379,Recommended,219640,18498228,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,bigory1,"I really like this game but once you get out of the noob servers, people exploit the hell out of the game. I haven't played in a while and am installing it again right now to see how it is but am a bit worried. I really had a lot of fun playing this game when I wasnt getting those people who were doing that weird spin, aim at the ground or at the sky, slash and insta kill unblockable bull stuff... I'm hoping that is not still happening but I will probably uninstall again within an hour of playing again... lets see"
,Recommended,219640,18498260,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,AlexMoc,Ever wanted to chop your enemies in pieces? Well this game's for you!10/10 would get de-feeted not defeated!
,Recommended,219640,550495,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,TommyWallbang,"It's even more fun than it looks. Seriously. One of the most ""overall fun"" games I've played."
,Recommended,219640,1974384,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Southlakesoldier,Good ol fashioned fun! Buy this one and lop off some heads & arms today!
76561198043403182,Recommended,219640,4926851,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Hal,It has all sorts of peanut butter. I recommend Peanut butter.
76561197976018085,Recommended,219640,10140703,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Soulhex,Very Funny and lots of FUN !!
,Recommended,219640,8350437,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,YourMomsApplePie,AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!  FOOOOOR AGATHAAAAAAA!!!
76561198112801848,Recommended,219640,10139722,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,hyrulian94,Totes recommend this yeah the team killing can get a little annoying but hey mistakes happens XDAnd maybe a little less game crashing.....
,Recommended,219640,2869224,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,El Presidente♔,"very good game,"
76561197970782141,Not Recommended,219640,460091,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,Karli87,Super Spiel zum Dampfablassen....wenn die Teamkiller nicht wären...hat es echt nicht verdient...
76561198081878826,Recommended,219640,7436792,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Mustache,Sau geil!
,Recommended,219640,3608864,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Carni,"What an excellent concepteveryone ruins it.Like most multiplayer games that pave the way for new fun and excitement, most people are ♥♥♥♥♥ on it. You'll see constant glitching and game abuse to get ahead, and even though the pictures and videos show people charging into battle fearlessly you'll mostly be dealing with people who hang back and wait until they've outnumbered you before charging in with three other folks. Now yeah that's teamwork, but then you get teams that you're put on who think this is an excellent tactic, it does work! Not on offense! But they don't care.It's glitchy, some games are fun, you can rarely find good people in the pretty bad community and have some fun with that. The dev team are kiiiinda lazy too. So unless you have two or three other friends who you have communication with, you won't have fun. Solo knights of badassery are quickly outnumbered by the entireity of the enemy team (and sometimes your own! Always-on friendly fire yay!) and swept away by the archers, which the devs have still not fixed their 100% accuracy with all weapons, as in it's always going to go in a straight line. But hey! Everything but crossbows have drop!6/10, wait for further patching as of 9/8/2013 before you srs consider buying. Buy if you have extra cash and help me not get ganked by five knights swinging wildly."
,Not Recommended,219640,1883524,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,rhul,"a year ago we had a fine game with solid mechanics that could use some tweakingnow we have a broken pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥with an appalingly bad community and even worse design decisions being spearheaded by people who, if they care, do not care enough, or in any way that mattersanyone looking for a melee combat game might do well to just swallow their pride, stick some foam on an imitation broadsword, and join a larp crew"
,Recommended,219640,712978,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,XiviD',Awesome game!
76561198043161982,Recommended,219640,4908513,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Thiccbear,Great game and amazing online capability and some fun effects of CHOPPING OFF LIMBS
,Recommended,219640,3485249,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,LORD CAPSLOCK,"Head chopping. limb chopping, body impaling, roasting. What more do you need?"
,Recommended,219640,2544375,"Posted: 20 November, 2012",all,Exalted,"Good game, easy to get a grasp on, but hard to master! Fight across different objective based battlefields that lead to teamwork and intense moments. Every now and then you'll end up facing a single enemy soldier, literally staging some adrenaline fuelled duels. All in all, over the top medieval action; recommended!"
,Recommended,219640,6461875,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,SighCotic,Awsome game love it you should get it
,Recommended,219640,2829011,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Filthy Casual I Am,"Oh look, you just decapitated me! Something you don't get to do and see very often in games nowadays. The game is pretty much a medieval hack and slash multiplayer game based around certain objectives that most involve attacking or defending. The game does take some time to get the hang of when it comes to timing your swings and timing your parries. If you manage to get the hang of both, then congratulations - you're now going to have a good time in this game! Good game, just takes some time to catch up with the more experienced players."
76561198046528282,Recommended,219640,10577660,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,wiseman363,"""Like TF2 with medieval weaponry""-IGN10/10"
76561198006638792,Recommended,219640,10577768,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Chunder From Down Under,This game is just all osrts of crazy....
76561198025296495,Recommended,219640,10579075,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Hypersapien,"I'm not very good at this game, and I still have a blast getting my limbs chopped off.  The ability to enjoy your failures is something not a lot of games can offer."
,Recommended,219640,10579338,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Inept Emperor,"One of my favorite games ever. Chivalry brings a unique combat system that makes medieval / melee combat incredibly fun, playable, and skill based. Each of the four characters (Knight, Vanguard, Man at Arms, and Archer) brings a different play style to the game while still implementing Chivalry's core mechanics of point-to-block, multiple attack types, and the need for situational awareness.  While I bought this game when it was $12.50, this game is easily worth $60 if you enjoy shooters and want a refreshing perspective from the Call Of Duty / Halo franchises all while playing in a team-based environment."
,Recommended,219640,10579568,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mr. McMahon,To me
76561197974463258,Recommended,219640,10579788,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Prowlinger,Hack and Slash first person is pretty fun!  Tough to get used to initially but it has some great multiplayer moments!
,Recommended,219640,10580439,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,UrDadsWeener,"awesome game, i wish it were more popular"
76561198000439577,Recommended,219640,10581658,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Fred,Amazing fun with friends!
,Recommended,219640,2495461,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Rivus,"Compared to Mount and Blade: Warband, it's Call of Duty with swords. So while the game has a more arcade feel, it does have its own merits. The graphics are good, decapitation makes the combat seem more brutal, and you abuse voice commands to a comic effect.Ultimately, a lower skill ceiling game than warband. But if you're looking for a melee multiplayer game that you can learn fast and still have a good time with while you're new, this is it."
76561198013735166,Recommended,219640,10854921,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Varyk,fun hack and slash
76561197966672413,Recommended,219640,252958,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Mayhem,"Brutal melee FPS combat, old school Team Objective feel, great music, atmosphere, and replay value - worth it!"
76561198067645214,Recommended,219640,10855791,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Enzaimada,Pure medieval♥♥♥♥♥kicking!
76561198129442557,Recommended,219640,10713948,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,TrickMaster,Well done.
,Recommended,219640,10859752,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LightPulsarSal,"Hard to master, fun to play!"
,Recommended,219640,10860563,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,mis1201,Probably the best sword fighting multiplayer game.  Controls are kind of strange at first.  It has quite a few weapons and game modes.  Very intense combat.  Great game.
76561198063621737,Recommended,219640,10864666,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Thrain,Its fun medival game.
76561197960560691,Recommended,219640,40787,"Posted: 22 October, 2012",all,Spook-E,Bloody Awesome!
76561198059205483,Recommended,219640,10889292,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SgtMcMuffinz,If you like hitting people with swords buy this game
,Recommended,219640,300279,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Leo,Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥this is a lot of fun. The amount of accidental team killing is hilarious!
76561198049967903,Recommended,219640,10780094,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bugs,Punched a man in the head his head exploded 10/10P.S Maul OP
,Recommended,219640,10780491,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sir Stabsalot,"This is one of the most purely fun, with no other point, games I have ever played."
,Recommended,219640,10782479,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,"Hi, Billy Mays Here!","Bone crushing brutality - over and over again. If that's what you're looking for in a game - hand to hand - personal, bloody combat; then this game delivers."
,Recommended,219640,4960869,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,VHabb,So much fun!
,Not Recommended,219640,6660150,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Nethonink,"I used to like this game. To me, Chivalry was probably the best melee combat game I have ever played.But then after the patches, it seems the developer doesn't care anymore about the game, and just trying grab some cash money. The balance of the game became ruined, so many bugs, and it just NOT fun anymore.I am hoping that the developers someday will truly fix the game and not just adding messy patches that nobody wants."
,Recommended,219640,7484532,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Legionary (Serra),Best medieval game ever made :)
76561198010264141,Recommended,219640,2632272,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Blue_Falcon,"In theory this game should be amazing, key word SHOULD. After playing this game for roughly 25hrs I've begun to notice some key issues, that until are addressed, utterly kill this games appeal.For starters, let's start with the fact that 75% of the servers listed will NOT connect. No matter what. The game just remains in the load screen for all eternity, no message saying connection has failed, no refresh nothing.Second, there have been times where the server list refuses to load. I have refreshed it countless times, and still it remains blank.Third. Blocking mechanics... Ooooh blocking mechanics. I'll put it as simply as possible; You would think that if your character is blocking, in the direction of where the enemy swings that you would block the blow yes? Well how much more ♥♥♥♥ing wrong can you be? There have been times in this game where I have had a shield up, directly where they swung, and yet by the magical force of terrible programming, I've successfully had a claymore go through my shield and into my face... and let's not ignore the blinding issue of glitching...This is possibly the most glitched game ever. I've had characters teleport, I've had characters freeze in place and kill me, I've been killed by invisable characters played by players that aren't even on the scoreboard, I've even had my character's head just randomly explode once...Bottom line, I paid $8 for a game that normally costs $20, and I feel like I'm playing a game that had a budget of $0.63..."
,Recommended,219640,8200375,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Rektaliator,Best Multiplayer everr like Skyrim without magics
,Recommended,219640,148141,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Soriz,Hack slashing at its best for skillfull reations and predictions. Wouldn't suggest if your slow at games (dosen't mean your not good!)
76561198068055660,Recommended,219640,22089478,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,highkingnm,Ever wondered why humans don't deserve a second shot at running the world? With new improved Chivalry: Medieval Warfare's chat interface you need wonder no more.
76561198075246056,Recommended,219640,22130291,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Cedrus,the best and real combat system of all medieval games.cons:  need more skins of weapons armors and custom skins.
76561198080882448,Recommended,219640,14086828,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Letho,"I wrote a negative review first time i played it. I gave it one more chance a year after, and I simply instantly loved it! Maybe they impoved the game so much... Or I guess I was just an super-ultra-noob back then."
,Recommended,219640,22130529,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sigismund420,"So. Chival. Chivalry. Dat game you don' looked at up there. This game mun. It has the intensity of har drugs, for only one payment. if your a histroy nerd, you can get the game and the dlc and play all kinds of periods of combat. just a tip tho. Theres a serious learning curb. This is the internet, im sure you understand that means ""all the assholse in the world will crush you and call you bad"" but. but. learn to parry a bit, learn to go a lil' savage af. cut people down, ally, enemy, king, not a king, everything, in a conanlike state. crush you enemies. see them driven before. hold corridors alone so your allies can retreat and feel like a badass. if you cannot kill a crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥dragger, avoid them, or die gloriously cutting into him and all his allies. or play deadliest warrior, because those nigs are way more noob friendly. as a sign-off, peopel really really hate archers pirates and ninjas, you have been warned."
76561198251917208,Recommended,219640,22162168,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,DeadMeme,"was expecting fight to fight againts a warrior,not againts a windmill"
76561198002766347,Recommended,219640,22155071,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Soapstone,"Steep learning curve but very rewarding and fun to play, you have complete control over your body and it can make a huge difference in combat however it's hard to master this control."
76561198085380063,Recommended,219640,22195275,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,SurgeisBack,So far so good. It's alot of fun!
76561198028397038,Recommended,219640,3873003,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Ryley,"As far as mindless hack'n'slash PVP goes, this is awesome fun!"
,Not Recommended,219640,6221165,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,redsimonDE,"""Chaaarge! Dominate the battlefield with blade and bow in this medieval FPS. It features the coolest (and longest) death sounds I ever heard. :D""This was once my game review of Chivalry, but what was missing is that on higher level servers players just attack using an animation exploit, where they spin around like helicopters. It looks ridiculous and destroys gameplay.The developers know this and will never fix it, even though they continue to add cosmetic stuff which costs real money. They have moved on to design other games. If you plan to buy any other game from this developer, make sure that it does not have such a terrible flaw."
76561198096523057,Recommended,219640,22186031,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Crusader Pootis,Amazing!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,14645795,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ducky,Gets boring and the community is so bad. Just..no.
,Recommended,219640,22114667,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Ohhhh yeeeeeah,You know what i like more than my lamboghini....I like Chivarly: Medieval Warfare... It thought me things like how to Decapitate peoplw......
76561198083803623,Recommended,219640,10203642,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Ducknam,The Head slicing is very satisfactory!Really Gud Game!
76561198068318629,Recommended,219640,8991084,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,The Crispinator,"This is an enjoyable game. Imagine call of duty but medieval. Being a developer, I had the idea for a game like this a while ago but lacked the time and experience required to make it. I am happy that someone else made it, and I'm pleased with the results."
,Recommended,219640,10204919,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,General Ghoul,"Easily one of my favourite games. Amazing satisfaction from each kill with all weapon types. Incredibly immersive, even the DLC is just as good, if not better, with fun game modes on both the Classic and DLC. Would recommend this to any PC gamer."
76561198047415943,Recommended,219640,10205392,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,johno7123,Very amusing game. Definitely worth purchasing.
76561198107557175,Recommended,219640,10207929,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Smeaglet but Not as Cool,"Really cool game,but its getting boring to play in same maps cuz there isnt much maps but game is for u if u like medival fights =]"
,Recommended,219640,10208939,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Pergs,I like chopping peoples limbs off and random chanting.This game features both!
,Recommended,219640,3764036,"Posted: 13 November, 2012",all,TheDeathSheep,"Bad♥♥♥♥♥First Person Slasher unlike anything you have probably seen. They take melee combat to a different level and its real fun. It is an indie game and has its share of glitches, but its stilla well made game"
,Recommended,219640,17865175,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,☣Omisanin☣12,"This game is great if you're in the mood for chopping heads off for a little bit, however its really hard to try to be a pro at this game. You Will Die...A Lot. One thing I definitly dont care for in this game is the mass amount of Trollers. There is a lot of big time nerds who take this game Way too seriously..but as long you stay off chat and do your best to win its an alright game. id give it a 7/10"
,Recommended,219640,17857718,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,One Punch Nig,Woah!!!!!  I can chop peoples limbs off. Yay!!!!
,Recommended,219640,17851143,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Murdoc,That moment when you fling yourself around with your sword like a toddler on a Coca Cola overload just to try to hit someone once.
76561198083408688,Recommended,219640,17865510,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,www.twitch.tv/oblongearlv,good game
76561198153127691,Recommended,219640,17865757,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ady,"Very good game , grapic is ok and the game is realistic ."
76561198116777278,Recommended,219640,17865871,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mothblade,The best game ive played. very fun and the fighting style is pretty easy to get used to.
76561198157848336,Not Recommended,219640,16710377,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Gonnie Dorlannie,The average Chivalry game. You spawn hit someone with a sword then your team mate kills you then respawn. Repeat this cycle until the round runs out of time.
76561198079450026,Recommended,219640,17900215,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Increased Flow,Best mellee combat I've ever seen!
,Not Recommended,219640,17875262,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Xanthem,i want my money back
76561198119594798,Recommended,219640,17875310,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,A Rage Untamed,"I personally liked this game alot and i hae auctually told friends about this game numerous times and if you buy this game within so many days of the current time it is practically free! I really liked the combat machanics, and the fact that you can use mods makes it that much more interesting and fun. all out great game and extremely well made!"
76561198039256127,Not Recommended,219640,17875531,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Banaani,Its fine but right now I would not buy it
,Not Recommended,219640,17873796,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,JeffreyHoong©,"~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I wish to share my experience to those who are interested in playing this game, to those who are still playing, to those who developed, and to those; who, are maybe still developing this game.Firstly however to the gamer, and to those whom I know among you are the yet youthful unresigned hardcore fellows, a word of warning. Choose not to buy this game unless you are willing to pummel yourself through a most masochistic challenge. For truly this game does have rightful mechanics. Simplicity? Great depth? Expanding technique? To all those, yes. This would-be Esport is perhaps a gem-filled chalice waiting to join the gallery: Street Fighter, Counter-Strike, Starcraft, Smash Bros and even Quake.Your technique will sharpen, so does the satisfaction you will get in the partaking of player slaughter. In this arena rife with mayhem, rewarding it will be whence able to predict yourself commit the killing flourish. Vigorous you will feel as your score breaches through those whom you before doubted subtly you could; but, to reach an end where your skill goes stunt starving for progress in a drying pool of competitors a similar tier.Perhaps by then, you will be one lucky to have a companion or few stick through till time weighs either boredom or fusturation, only to have the disparity of mastery gleam through charring away at the comradery once held tightly. All gamers know this, territory of the egalitarian. At point which cronyism seems to cover the horizon; and what speck of real competition remains? None.""Killing newbies is killing the sport.""I don't mean this in the literal manner -- Ownage cannot be experienced in games without having real competition and an aspiring audience.Anyone who cares for this game to grow past its niche knows this game needs a match-making system. A good one. Soon."
76561198005414568,Recommended,219640,17874105,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Ancallagon,"unparalleled  easy to learn hard to master Game Mechanics. Brutal  medieval Warfare (flying heads, Limbs).BUTvery very very Toxic community.get this game on a sale and immidiatly disable the chat in the Optionsmenu"
76561197975975092,Recommended,219640,17873278,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,DoomCenturion,"Combat is brutal with a real feeling of weight and heft to it.  One ill-timed move and you could lose half your life.  All the modes are very fun, though objectives rely on your random internet teammates to not be dummies.  Which can be hit or miss."
,Recommended,219640,17886100,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Ｐｒｏｐｈｅｔ,"This game is alright, but there are better game like it. Example: Any game in the warband series, or made on the warband engine(such as viking invasion)."
76561198175688375,Recommended,219640,17886243,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Diver Survivor,Is it too late to refund this?It's fun for on sale price.
,Recommended,219640,17886253,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Not So Grump,Had plenty of fun with this game. Only problem is can only find one or two servers that have a decent amount of people in them and no duel servers anymore...9/10Would hack limbs off corpses again/10
76561198160120396,Recommended,219640,17875068,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Waffen-SS,Call of Duty : Medieval WarfareWithout booster and Exoskeleton or Exosuits
,Recommended,219640,17878927,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,guufy,this is literally ballet simulator
76561198047011115,Recommended,219640,17879921,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,badazz_trojan,THIS GAME IS AMAZINGLY♥♥♥♥♥♥JK super cool
,Recommended,219640,17882294,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Vladimir Stekovic,Lots of fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,17882829,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Lionheart |,10/10 im madly in love a woman/man iv never seen before called AGATHA! because its all i shout in this game.shout out to are aggy love you babe xo
,Recommended,219640,17881642,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sanguinem,"It's good, but very laggy at times and hard to get the hang of. It's a fun game though :)"
76561197988234055,Recommended,219640,17867650,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Dr. Kukary,fun
76561198150694931,Recommended,219640,13629262,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,76561193855727635,"Pros;- You get to swing really big swords and stuff.- if you like cutting off limbs this is the game for you.- The distance sounds of people taunting and shouting.- You can get drunk.- it includes ranged weaponry, for all you wimps out their.- it's awesome.Cons;-Teamkilling is going to happen, especially when one of your teammates decides his tactic is, swing the weapon like a madman at everything until it is dead.- not enough blood."
76561198031649442,Not Recommended,219640,22013027,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Mr Wink #DeleteCasual,"I really enjoyed this game for a while. It was fun in its glory days back in say '13 or '12. But as those little level 50 a**f**** came by and started to exploit the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the engine with the ever famed ""whirlwinds"" or ""helicopters"".Rather then patch these exploits, the dev team tries to pump out as much dosh as possible with crappy skins despite the game already setting you back $25.The lack of matchmaking makes it virtually impossible to not encounter these basement dwellers. Nor are they nice either, constantly making fun of those they find worse than them, going to heights to kick them since one of those ""scrubs"" killed them.All in all I would write a positive review if for;-Various engine exploits are patched.-Matchmaking added-Skins removed/adding drop system-Game is made F2P.-Player balance-And responsible developers.Get Mount and Blades if you wish for quality in a good package"
,Recommended,219640,22013539,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,✮ Ramona ✮,The game is rated E from what i've seen.
76561198051506611,Recommended,219640,22052013,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Henchimp,I love sword fighting and♥♥♥♥♥♥so this is my kind of game. But it's not nearly as fun when I start getting matched with better players and die a lot. I like winning. Winning is fun.
76561198087777189,Recommended,219640,22054753,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,bullet through my heart,levl 34 now still noob but getting a hang of blocking drags. Really good game but sing server is down cant play
,Recommended,219640,15239796,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Combrio,The dlc is better and runs better than the base game. But in other regards it's aiight.
,Recommended,219640,5383107,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,GodWilkesBooth,"Already one of my favorite games of all time. MP only. Using the unreal engine, it looks like a mix of Gears of War and Red Orchestra 2 during Medeval Times. PROPS"
,Recommended,219640,27551434,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ghamandi Kampat,"For relaxing times, make it Chivalry time!"
76561198065754727,Recommended,219640,27519437,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,OpFrasse,duger i krig
,Recommended,219640,27516956,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,spangle dwarf,Its great
76561198109139014,Recommended,219640,27516967,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mosberg,cegth good
,Recommended,219640,27539514,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Joel,This game is fun if you play it with your friends.
76561197990779063,Recommended,219640,27547121,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mayor[4DS],Honestly one of the best purchases I've ever made I come back to this game so many times since purchasing it and never not seem to have fun. Goes great with beer
,Recommended,219640,27541416,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sugardew,Love hate this game
,Recommended,219640,27538856,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ุ,"My Personal Review from a Chivalry player with 450+ hours of experiencePros:- Average community of chiv players who host competitive tournaments occasionally- Somewhat actively engaged developers- Pretty realistic gameplay and medieval atmosphere (before rank 15)- Horde servers where you battle several waves of AI and have the option to upgrade your class/weapons- Star wars servers where you get to battle with♥♥♥♥♥♥♥lightsabers / badass maps- Funny servers where you mess around and play 2d super mario on chiv- Dank Moor server where you get to be play as:Dankald Trump and his army of DeplorablesHillary Crackton and her army of DemocratsCrunkie Sanders and his army of SocialistsJeb Kush and his army of Republicansand special guest Mexican Jesus and his army of Illegal Immigrants on a map that has several funny and badass things- Black Knight Mode where you can run around a map with your limbs chopped off when attacked by enemies (funny af)- Giant Slayers where you start off 60% of normal size then with every kill you increase in size to the point where you can almost take the size of the whole map and crush enemies below your feet.- and other great mods /servers that Chivalry has to offerCons:I have been a Chivalry player for quite a while now. First thing I would like to address is YES it's true after level 15 it sort of turns into a hellhole when you start to face the big boys who use every pixel of the enemy hitbox to induce damage. Now, this has been a huge reason why many people stop liking the game after rank 15. Although, this shouldn't be the entire reason to dislike this game as it has still a lot to offer in my opinion. The developers of this game truly care about their players and there is a probably a good reason they do not want to fix the ballerina simulator problem a lot of noobies have unfortunatelty come to face. Due to this, Chivalry loses it's immersive value as a medieval game later on because of the un-realistic movements/exploits. So now you may ask, why aren't the developers doing anything about this? In my opinion, this may be because of the current mass supporters / players who love the game for what it has become, a very competitive multiplayer environment. This creates a large gap between high level and new players which in turn brings the Chivalry player population to slowly die down. So what does this mean for new players? They have around 3 options:1. Adapt to the competitive environment, look up on youtube strategies / different techniques to face these players.2. Ignore the game for what It is, play at their own style and stay away from higher level servers / play modded servers3. Or just simply quitPersonally, I did adapt and now love the competitive gameplay Chivalry offers along with the hilarious servers. This is just MY review, I would definately recommend this to new players, but I highly encourage to learn advanced tutorials on youtube. If you're looking for the medieval immersive game that this was meant to be don't buy it. If you are a competitive player who likes a challenge, you will highly enjoy this game. I think the developers should maybe increase the level cap for new players and teach the different weapon maneuvers. I doubt that would happen though, I do truly like this game and wish the community would keep growing, but this gap might just destroy Chivalry."
76561198040382388,Recommended,219640,27538893,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Benedict,"Youll learn to hate the game, then love it as sooon as you get round the learning curve that god awful learninh curve..."
,Recommended,219640,3639120,"Posted: 9 February, 2013",all,swany1888,This game is truly amazing and completely immersive.- A sword at the beginning of a swing does the same damage at the end of a swing.- Knights in 55 pound armor can jump and dance around like a ballerina!- Men can bend their spine at a 90 Degree angle!- Knights in 55 pound armor can be killed by fists!- A dagger can absorb a strike from a Greatsword!- Knights wear pink steel helmets.- Broadhead arrows can blow a man's head off.- Also learned how to ballet dance from this game.11/10Best game ever.
76561198176655742,Recommended,219640,27903204,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,alex.yarovsky,good game
76561197992165765,Recommended,219640,13985220,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,50Piercing,"Decapitating enemies and screaming while charging ito battle, tis game has it all"
,Recommended,219640,27900659,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SpiraFax,Awesome game I love it. it works because you can pick presisly which attack you want to make.
,Recommended,219640,27935310,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,that green guy,Highly mediocre
76561198092459227,Recommended,219640,16512212,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ego,My first experience in this game:- I walk into an arena not knowing what's going on.- Some big person starts charging at me with a sword.- I move out of the way and start watching as he swings his sword in all random directions.- I take out my fists and start pounding at his face.- I bash his face in 2 and watch as his skull and teeth shatter all over the floor.10/10 would bash face in 2 again.
,Not Recommended,219640,16512683,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Девиантный делинквент,Not work on mac
,Recommended,219640,4684243,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Big Poppa,AAAAAGAAAAATTTHHAAAAAAAA
76561198018651124,Recommended,219640,3184295,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,enjoi.C,Fun hack and Slash
,Recommended,219640,16517737,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,JacobYZ,Yea it ok
,Recommended,219640,16517795,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mandre,"Great game to play with friends as I have been doing. Of course, there are some serious people that may try to ruin the fun for you, but with a good Skype call and good company, they won't bother you. The only downside about this game that I see is that the physics can be a little tricky to handle especially if you want to want an Archer. (Maybe it's a part of the learning curve.) Either way, it didn't deter me from buying it on the Summer Sale. It's great fun!"
,Recommended,219640,16519435,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,By-Jokese,"Fantastic game, a medieval FPS, requires thinking before attacking, quite tactical on atacking and defending, totally satisfying when you get a kill. Is balanced between atacker/defender team, has variety of weapons: swords, large sword, ache, pole, javelin.....I recommend it, i didn't think it would be a good game, but at the first game I totally falled in love with it."
,Recommended,219640,16520410,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,wortex,great game
76561198086705429,Recommended,219640,16604680,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Johnny Ringo,"Maps and game-types are well designedGood GraphicsPlays like CoD with swords, maces, bows and arrowsMelee combat appears simple, but is rather complex for advanced players,who you will eventually end up with.If you have bad ping / bad internet, playing this is worse than any other game dueto the melee combat systemLooking for something free, fresh, and different, play pirates, knights, and vikings 2However this is a great game in itself, the community is meh."
76561198032652755,Recommended,219640,16574429,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,vecoma,Fun game. Tons of screaming.
76561198151538795,Recommended,219640,16604822,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,lordofwar,great game just scram and kill everybody
,Recommended,219640,16605704,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,StuffedOrange,Ever wanted to be a Knight in Game Of Thrones? Here is your chance!!!10/10
,Recommended,219640,16395103,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Memorywipe,"Sweetest game, destroy noobs with the sickest weapons!"
76561198067176865,Recommended,219640,6479335,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,Fritzocalypse,I hate love this piece of work so hard
76561198172919123,Recommended,219640,16606899,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,odin2015,battlerager medieval raider custom weapons armor its a real war!
,Recommended,219640,16607752,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Uncreative,"♥♥♥♥♥s fun.You stab people, scream, then get stabbed.Lots of fun until some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pulls out the ballista."
,Recommended,219640,6408604,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,Renclave,"You can burn people alive and cut people's limbs off. Also, you can laugh at people and tell them they can't 1v1 you."
,Recommended,219640,16608108,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ser Davos,"If you are at all tired of the modern FPS genre today, you are sure to enjoy this unqiue masterpiece."
,Recommended,219640,2246484,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Dilbert,"Why don't more people have this? I see it on you all's wishlists, but why won't you get it? Do it right now and play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this!"
,Recommended,219640,9507129,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Danimrod,Body parts everywhere!
76561198046020099,Recommended,219640,9507682,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Hugh Mungus,GREAT GAME VERY SEXY
,Recommended,219640,9508806,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,gufi,in the this game you can whack people like no there's tomorrow.
,Recommended,219640,6924187,"Posted: 19 March, 2013",all,Jeanne au secours !!,ce jeu est génial !!!!
,Recommended,219640,9802609,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Þµssy_devourer,Best game ive ever played
,Recommended,219640,9810189,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,RebelMutt,"Oh man, this game is difficult to master, but I can't tell you how satisfying it is to lob someones head off.  Yea this game will do that to you.  Anyway people seem to freak out about the development team and to some degree I agree with them.  I wish the swinging of weapons was a bit faster and the archers weapons worked better.  I'm sure there are some more flaws but they don't really keep me from enjoying the game.  If they were fixed though, it would be a lot better.  Overall, i say get this game if you like sword and medieval combat."
76561198059033704,Recommended,219640,9360664,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Salmon,8/10 Bloody and cool and very hand to hand combat.Too the Light Brother
76561198005510075,Recommended,219640,9362627,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Bacon Pancakes,Malric is a duude! For Aagathaaaa!!!
,Recommended,219640,9365316,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Trinistan,Super fun slaughter fest. Highly recommend if you like FPS and hack n slash style games.
76561198035098247,Recommended,219640,4287959,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,dwinblood,"I played this game a bit this week.   It had been on my list of things to play.   My son plays it quite a bit.    Wait!!!  The summer sale is going on and it has card drops, I better try it then.   I proceeded to suck at the training, and that carried over into the actual game.   I still managed to kill some people but I spent the bulk of my time dying.   With that said it is still a very fun game and I can tell it is one of those things if you put a little time into it you'll likely be pretty good at it.   I could tell I was not the only newb out there."
,Not Recommended,219640,9488566,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,TANXK,"crashed every time i start up. looked for info found nothing, dont buy"
,Recommended,219640,14244740,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,TerrorHank,"slightly tricky to learn, but running around knocking heads clean off and shouting is kind of awesome"
,Recommended,219640,13626898,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,✪Muenster,Very good.
,Recommended,219640,13627513,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,gay niggas kissing lmao,Got hit with a Zweihander in the chest and my head exploded10/10
76561197962645241,Recommended,219640,13628875,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[RH]Carl Weathers,immersive and challenging
,Recommended,219640,13632162,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DarkLink,Best medieval warfare game I have ever played.  Would love to see a campaign one day though!  Imagine storming castles and pillaging with an army you build yourself.  Basically mix the graphics and gameplay of this game with the story and playability of Mount and Blade. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,13020954,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,LoafBringer,"Awesome wee game. Medieval combat with an in-depth class sytem, tight sword fighting and blocking techniques. g'wan."
76561197964422338,Recommended,219640,13021115,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,beaf_jerky69,"Shes a gem buds, scoop er up"
,Recommended,219640,13021195,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,dotcomjunkie,It's unreal.
,Recommended,219640,13021660,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,f a f f e l,its ok
,Recommended,219640,13021735,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,T OR o,This game makes me feel like Im a real Knight :D9/10 I recomend it
,Recommended,219640,11668456,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,ThisMachineKillsFascists,Beheaded by teammate 10/10
,Recommended,219640,13021832,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MoneyBadger,Fun♥♥♥♥♥♥lots of blood and death and fun.
,Recommended,219640,13021905,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,The Chosen One,Trully Brilliant. It executes every gameplay mechanic in a perfect style!
,Recommended,219640,13021960,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,DejaFoo,"This has got to be the most brutal game I've ever played. Really captures the viciousness of medieval combat. Even if you've played gory games before, this really gets under your skin. And you can't just go around fragging 5-10 enemies in a row. You'll make mistakes, you'll get dismembered.Awesome game if you can handle the gore and brutality."
76561198043968509,Recommended,219640,13022147,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MLGNegan,Great Medival game  The gore makes it an even better game
,Recommended,219640,13022520,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Teague,Best Medieval  Warfare
,Recommended,219640,13149054,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,CUBE²,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare brings adrenaline filled, honorable fighting back to gaming that has been lost from many modern AAA titles.NO NoobtubesNO long range sniping (archery requires some serious skill in this game if you want to hit anything smaller than a barn)NO ""I got 10 kills so now I repeatedly slaughter everyone on the map with a helicopter for 30 seconds""This is not a game where rushing around swinging wildly will get you anywhere. You will need precision, grace and speedy reactions in order to block incoming attacks, evade large sweeps from 2 handed swords and duck beneath incoming arrows before you get the satisfaction of violently removing the head of your enemy...and that's assuming he forgets to block."
76561198021413629,Recommended,219640,13150047,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ambessa,"A very nice first person versus game.It really brings you back to the medieval times eventhough you've never been there.Lots of skills to be learned and it's pretty compititive.It has an excellent tutorial too.No campaign, which would have been nice, but the devs can't make everything happen."
76561198101464171,Recommended,219640,13151525,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Eric Harris,LOVE THIS GAME! But there are lots of bugs and glitches
,Recommended,219640,13152354,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Glaice,"A bloody good time and a good change in gameplay as opposed to guns and grenades, it's swords, axes, spears and other sharp implements to deal death with."
,Recommended,219640,13152809,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SaintEnsiferum,">first match>charging into battle>bro next to me does a battle cry>i do a battle cry>bro next to me takes an arrow to the face>bro next to me flops on his knees and faceplants, pushing arrow through his skull>after staring in horror for 5 minutes i avenge his death by going 2/20.>for the glory of Agatha"
76561198126736890,Recommended,219640,13153273,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,A Black Man,i cut someones head off
76561198079289163,Recommended,219640,13153379,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,KimJongIllest420,"Don't buy it unless you plan on getting the deadliest warrior dlc. Otherwise best melee combat in anygame and great replayability, multiplayer all at a decent price."
76561198045818033,Recommended,219640,13153490,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,[TTGays] Jenkem Dealer,CS with swords! 9/10
,Recommended,219640,4369599,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,RodrigoCompai,"Fun game,great mechanics and graphics,best way to play is play with friends"
,Recommended,219640,11584150,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,NationalMenace,Got decapitated and t-bagged. 500/10 would play again
,Recommended,219640,11584473,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,WizleWoop,If you want to cut body parts up get this game
76561198064519928,Recommended,219640,11558282,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Kinky,AMAZING  GAME! I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,219640,11560930,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Mirham,why not play
76561198078819250,Recommended,219640,11563073,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Red,"Holy crap this game is frustrating when you start, but man it is satisfying when you decapitate someone! Wide variety of weapons, maps and classes. I'm personally not the best and I still have alot of fun!!! Great game that you should check out."
,Recommended,219640,4759194,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,Zerks,GORE! GORE! AND MORE GORE!
76561198147544192,Recommended,219640,11579268,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Guy Incognito,"I dig the hell out of this game. It can be rough, no doubt about that, but it feels damn good when you start to score. Chivalry is some solid, goofy fun as long as you can see the humor in getting your head lopped off or having a teamate accidently put a spear through you. I'm sure I'll get a lot of amusing hours out of this game."
76561198132436460,Recommended,219640,11632376,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Dullr,Awesome game :) 10/10 5/5
,Recommended,219640,11647127,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,BloodSOT,Awesome game.Loads of fun
76561197975887879,Recommended,219640,699409,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Level72Wizard,LOPPING HEADS OFF AND CHOPPING ARMS
76561198008217765,Recommended,219640,11750105,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Obsidian,"When I started playing this game I couldn't get a single kill and I thought that having to earn kills to unlock weapons was cruel and almost impossible.That was about a year ago and I am now pretty good at Chivalry and Deadliest Warrior, but nothing compares to the feeling of being high out of my god damn mind and suddenly turning into a zen warrior. I don't know what it is about this game but whenever I'm stoned I become a master warrior.tenouttaten"
,Recommended,219640,13575067,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ken?,GOTY?
,Recommended,219640,13559751,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Jimbobiss,Best 'I can't block for♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator I've ever played10/10
76561198020255172,Recommended,219640,13576721,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Duke Titus McMillian Augustus,Best anger management simulator in history of mankind.9.2/10 some early buggs was vey frustrating.
,Recommended,219640,13577209,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,OG Swaggerdick,"I only recommend this game on sale. I got it for 5 bucks and thats about as much as you should pay for it. Limited walkthroughs, and only multiplayer modes. The learning curve is extremely high."
,Recommended,219640,13577863,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,SirFancyPantsOfPantaloons,"A bit buggy and messy, but otherwise very satisfying.p.s. also one of the worst and buggiest tutorials in the industry. Still worth it though."
76561198119069169,Recommended,219640,13578393,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CalmThyTits,for $5 it is a really fun game sucks when you get your head cut off though
76561198081932071,Recommended,219640,13578583,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Gabb,Its a lot of fun! Team kill can sometimes be a problem though.
76561198118362087,Recommended,219640,13579845,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,halo.rebell,Great <3
76561198025967138,Recommended,219640,13580150,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mann-Cow,"BEST LIMB-SPLITTING, KNIGHT KILLING, ALL OUT WAR SIMULATOR EVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER"
,Recommended,219640,26932422,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Riftler,Who doesn't want to cut someone else in half or shoot them right in the eye?
76561198076488279,Recommended,219640,26931804,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ThuleanMayhem,This game is a steam classic
76561198145101308,Recommended,219640,26927967,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OUTLAW,Best game ever
76561197960666162,Recommended,219640,26937561,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NitHog,Great Game
,Recommended,219640,26893983,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ProvenciO,El combat es muy bueno to fight others my boys
,Recommended,219640,3107544,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,King of Zeroes,The Lion dies today! HUUUURRRAAAAAAAAAGHRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!Protip: Mash C to scream at your enemies.
76561198291700010,Recommended,219640,26940684,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,American Smith,"Great game, I did not think that I would have as much fun as I did playing this title, but it continues to entertain me daily"
,Recommended,219640,26935649,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Artorias,Definitely the most accurate depiction of Medieval combat. 100%. No joke. Not lying.
,Recommended,219640,26934388,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sauceborn,das purty neat
76561198060665959,Recommended,219640,26952856,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shadow,Chopping off limbs simulator
,Recommended,219640,26946284,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fouwy,You just need to git gud
,Recommended,219640,1604788,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,sk8chalif,"Seriously. If you at all enjoy competitive multiplayer with a HUGE skill ceiling, Chivalry is perfect. I haven't had so much fun in ages.The game is approachable, but extremely complex, and the weapon choices, class balance, and precise collision detection really push it over the top in terms of how much skill can affect your abilities.See you on the battlefield my fellow Knight!~"
76561198036355680,Recommended,219640,26951243,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,New Rubick Arcana,Wanted this game so bad to bash the heads of my enemies. Will go DEUS VULT anytime i can
,Recommended,219640,26955752,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rawhide Kobayashi,"Possibly the greatest example of competitive mashing of WASD and mouse spazzing. Simply entertaining, from the seige weapons, to the screaming vanguards stabbing archers ( Who totally deserve it), to the knights being beaten to death by Man-At-Arms with bo-staves. Would totally recommend to the inebriated many."
76561198055723043,Recommended,219640,26946886,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,joni0206,"Bought this game in autumn sale. Money well spent! Played 2 hours non stop (this coming from someone who didnt buy and played any games on steam for months), fun game to get hooked. Easy to understand but hard to get good at. It's not perfect but I can't believe it isn't worth your money when it's on sale. Kinda reminds me on the movie ""Ironclad"", without the hot girl tough..."
76561198061617086,Recommended,219640,26964394,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BlooDHunT,"An amazing 1st person medieval combat game. Lots of fun and blood from chopping heads and limbs, but hey its medieval and you are using swords, axes, polearms....so its pretty much normal. :)"
,Recommended,219640,26963627,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Technoguyfication,playing this game makes you more of a man than eating spinach while being on bottom in a 20 person orgy... on asphalt
,Recommended,219640,26963375,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ryder Xander,One of the Best Fun Games I Ever Played I Recommand to Everyone to get this game!
,Recommended,219640,21139176,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Gilga60659,Are you bored and  want to stab a dude in the face?No better game than this!
,Recommended,219640,674461,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,Flabbocadabo,"Very fun game, Very fun.  But be prepared to be tk'd alot :).UPDATE: Still pretty fun!"
76561198056680395,Recommended,219640,18227940,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Codomain,Chopped all my friend's limbs off in a frenzy.........10/10
76561198080714202,Recommended,219640,6961325,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Anonymous,The best online medieval game ive ever played
76561198028494830,Recommended,219640,18224434,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,meritone,"If you are willing to put in a little time to learn the mechanics and get over the learning curve, it is a wildly fun first person slasher.  Sometimes, it can be a little frustrating, (sword goes right through someone without hitting, etc) but its usually a total blast to play."
76561198075551283,Recommended,219640,18225338,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Krugnar_Ironbane,Love the game just please fix the random game shutdown and crashing if click change class or team or loadout to quickly other then that 8/10
,Recommended,219640,18245319,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Boots and cats,"Your allies are your greatest foes, and you still have to fight the other team. Featuring AFK teammates, the guy that never dies, a horde of undefeatabe slingshot archers, and a gamemode that makes you a giant for every kill you make. Very medieval and realistic."
76561198106456672,Recommended,219640,18121235,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,alienfingers,FOR AGATHA!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,5283232,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,PRANKE,Fun
76561198028721881,Not Recommended,219640,18129105,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Terroien,Lacks content and polish and very repetitive.
,Not Recommended,219640,14239386,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,「김신」,"Honestly can not recommend this game to any Australian players.If you try to play this game there is only 1 server for AU and it is full... All the time.You will be kicked from ANY other server for ""high ping"" every single time you want to play.Worst purchase."
,Recommended,219640,849125,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Guano176,AAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!
76561198036493055,Recommended,219640,4398330,"Posted: 10 February, 2013",all,OORRZZ08,Superb medieval first person action
76561198080598357,Recommended,219640,18140809,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,armadillo,this game is great but not for the faint of heart or sqeemish people i love the dismemberment
76561198045872550,Recommended,219640,18140840,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,SpennyS,And I thought cigarettes gave me cancer.9/10
,Recommended,219640,18142153,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,LouEZ,What better way to take a rest from csgo than cutting your enemies' heads off xD
,Recommended,219640,18143302,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,AC.Lin,Excellent game that provide a really good amount of fun if you plan on joining friends in your battles. The mods are extremely good too and the community really feel active about it.My personnal favorite is the Black Knight mod which will litterally let you cut your enemies into pieces! perfect !10/10 Would fight without my head on again.
,Not Recommended,219640,14914004,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Scarce,no beacuse it does'nt work
,Not Recommended,219640,15126345,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,4rtemis,I'm not sure why there's high upvotes for this game.I find it hard to navigate the pointer's view. The cross hair was small and very translucent.
,Recommended,219640,15128371,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Moomooandu,"Highly recommended, unlike any other game out there, expect maybe mount and blade but this game is fast paced, addictive and has a flavour and humour that is all its own, not for the novice or impatient.Highly competitve but also relaxed, changes server to server."
,Recommended,219640,25007,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,garv,love this!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,12841959,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Hornfjell,"+ difficult to master, but incredibly rewarding+ great for coop and versus+great graphics, and smart gameplay+ whining players can be muted/kicked :)+ verifies masochism"
,Recommended,219640,12844198,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,yaynos,2hard4me
76561197982673658,Recommended,219640,942625,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,Downhill Ryder,"This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ you actually need skill to play it and i love the fact its not a point,duck, shoot game 10 outa 10 rated x for sexy"
76561197993222354,Not Recommended,219640,12673060,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Daftendirekt,"Great game....lags all the time....therefore, ultimately frustrating and not worth it."
,Recommended,219640,12676300,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,sirref,silly AF
76561198038822308,Recommended,219640,12677848,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Trogdor,"The combat controls can feel loose at times, but all around this game is awesome. You would be hard pressed to find a game with more entertaining medieval combat."
,Recommended,219640,18235249,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Sir Muttley,"> charges to 2v2 fight with a 3 meter sword> all dead> 2 of them are teammates> ""sorry guys""> ""np""10/10 would charge again."
,Recommended,219640,30539750,Posted: 16 March,all,Can Sir,Original version of For Honour
76561198061791097,Recommended,219640,18321207,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Officer Nasty,"Probably the best first person swordplay I've had the pleasure of playing, lacks customization options and mic communication"
,Recommended,219640,14090475,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Rypirion,"This teaches us all just how many people would have had to be used in a war, and how many of them were highly inept and constantly killed each other by accident. still fun though ign 8/8 m8."
76561197979828653,Recommended,219640,14090642,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Morgan Freeman Forever,It's hard and you'll die alot through shattered bones and rending flesh
76561198073195972,Recommended,219640,14090800,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Wabba,"for a game that's been out for ages, it's glitchy as hellmaps are pretty glitchy in some places, and shift-tabbing gets you stuck in the grounddont get me wrong, this is  a very fun game, but the glitches get a bit frustrating at times7.75/10"
,Recommended,219640,14090950,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,THFD,"11/10, best game on Steam about swinging swords and insulting people's mothers in ye olde English"
,Recommended,219640,14092156,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Talos,The fun part is after killing someone and then hacking off all their limbs10/10 would dismember again
,Recommended,219640,14092625,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,LegendarySkeech,I got banned from 23 servers on the first day i had it         10/10
,Recommended,219640,14092729,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,theNoize,"Medieval warfare FPS simulator!!!  9/10, its not perfict, but it is better then 90% of the rest"
76561198041925011,Recommended,219640,14092948,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kalos,Revenge against Archers Simulator 2015.
,Recommended,219640,14093040,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Saytuna,Running is slow and would take forever to reach the other side if the map depending the custom map you are playing.Overall the game is fun and would consider playing with friends rather than alone.
,Recommended,219640,14093318,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,F-22,They are challenging us... from the rear!
76561197997771682,Recommended,219640,14094275,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,THICC SUSHI,hell yeah boy ge3t in on this ish
,Recommended,219640,14094309,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Andr@,"Its a really good game, highly competitive but its also fun to just fool around as MAA.. it has a hard learning curve, but then you have it down you will rek faces"
,Recommended,219640,14094336,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,MaxBFalcon,There is a gamemode where you can kill people with your head chopped off.11/10 would visit the Guillotine again.
,Recommended,219640,14145049,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,kaspko,"Hammers, swords, hammers on poles, spears, bows, screaming...9/10"
,Recommended,219640,376237,"Posted: 19 October, 2012",all,Sly Marbo,Do you like to cut people's throats? Is the prospect of removing an opponents head with a well placed blow appealing? Think the Mason's are a bunch of lily-livered♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then join the ranks of Agathian Knighthood today!
,Recommended,219640,13533493,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,✪ Missionboiii ✪,There isn't dragons.
,Recommended,219640,13533776,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,SMOKEMAN,I poked someone's head witch a stick and it exploded
76561198051558354,Recommended,219640,13533969,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ł Ú Ç Ì Ð,"this game is amazing and funny , I recommend it 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,13534226,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,๖ۣۜDαƞ,Oh boy...
,Recommended,219640,13534477,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,goBallistic,"Super awesome mechanics, and feels really ""heavy"" due to the slow and unforgiving mechanics. Feels clunky, but in a good, satisfying way. With different classes allowing you to play with whatever playstyle you are more comfortable with, this game makes for a fun few afternoons."
,Recommended,219640,25135277,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Richard,"Okish game, played it for awhile. DLC is way to expensive."
76561198161324105,Recommended,219640,25140070,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Doombot3000,Absolutely great game!
76561198030030425,Not Recommended,219640,25139074,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,At the begining was fun than no more :(
76561198027374503,Recommended,219640,25168193,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CGM,"Great medieval combat game probly the best 1st person melee related game out (pretty small genre however), lots of varity in weapons and maps, pretty solid hit detection, can space well in this game which is important in melee combat focused games.cons-*Can switch to third person camera (unfair advantage vs people playing in 1st person) really should just remove the ability to do so*spinning attacks (lots of dumb issues involving high mouse sensitivity and spinning around and hitting players while facing the oposite direction) cheesy stuff not sure how it could be fixed however"
76561197980559620,Recommended,219640,868296,"Posted: 12 February, 2013",all,Metal_Wrath,BIG SWORDS AND AXES AND STUFF ITS SUPER KEWL SEFHAWE9FH
76561197968219790,Recommended,219640,305225,"Posted: 7 November, 2012",all,Khazan,"This game is made up of pure awesome, ruthless, reckless and semi-realistic medieval player versus player action. With a quick run through the in-game tutorial, you will soon after find yourself battling a dozen of other players online whilst your team secures the victory. Great for both solo-play and further enhanced by playing with comrades. A great buy."
76561198020824812,Recommended,219640,25141962,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,♥Cyberbully♥,"This game certainly has a steep learning curve, but once you get into it and start getting better you really get the feeling that the game usually isnt unfair - you most of the time just need to get better at it. There are a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥playing this game, so expect some pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ behaviour in-game. Also, team damage is almost game-breakingly problematic when playing with noobs or idiots."
,Not Recommended,219640,25157107,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,|M|A|V|E|R|I|C|K|,"An otherwise amazing game ruined by a ridiculous skill ceiling where abuse of the game mechanics and unrealistic moves are required if you ever want to compete with the higher levels. Despite this it's still fun to jump on every once in a while, however I still wouldn't recommend it."
,Recommended,219640,25141727,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,b4nk,reccomended 4 all italians
,Recommended,219640,24799002,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Merls,best anime ever 10/10
76561198116211804,Not Recommended,219640,20171234,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Viper 55,"Don't break your heart over this game, they devs wanted the money and, the bots are awful.Here's a game that seems better but, it's in beta.https://www.kingdomcomerpg.com/en/get-the-game"
76561198005033755,Recommended,219640,2277470,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,Gaudaloht,Best First  Person Slayer(!?) ever
,Recommended,219640,24888424,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Schmuck Goblin,I like killing in this game. The only problem is that the community is horrible. If cancer and austism mixed together had a community this would be it. I got teamkilled 5 times in one game and the moment I hit someone by mistake they kick me so I cannot play on servers where everyone doesn't wreck my♥♥♥♥♥♥every second.It's okay gameplay though.
76561198129170586,Recommended,219640,24898272,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,007darth,"A good game to play if you just want some mindless fun! No need to think, just bash the enemy :)"
76561198036435748,Recommended,219640,24829762,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Tedtheman5,"A fun, midevil war game, That's great to play with your friends! I highly recommend that people get this game if they are looking for something new and intresting!"
,Recommended,219640,24878491,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Faint They Fear,"Medeival,blood,gore,ragdoll pyshics, and classes, need i say more? Yes! It's a good f****** GAME!!!!! BUY IT!"
,Recommended,219640,24827140,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,portofin0,".......................,,-~*~,,................................/:.:.:.:.:.|..............................|;.;.;.;.;./...............................|.;.;.;.;.|.........................,,,,,,.).;.;.;.;.|...................,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|..................(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,............,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",..........(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|........|"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""........\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\..........\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/::\............\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,""::::\..............""""""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-"":::::::\..."
76561198147042753,Recommended,219640,24831814,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,The-Dragon-97,very good
76561198091631579,Recommended,219640,7194743,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,RawheadClark,AWESOME!!!!!
,Not Recommended,219640,15342835,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Charly,"Are you a MASOCHIST?Then this games is for you, else... DON'T BUY THIS CRAP!This game could mean so much fun...if there wasn't 1/3 total idiots out of all players!I don't know any online-game without cheaters and hackers... but this is game is crowded with them... THE WORST I'VE EVER SEEN.PSYCHOS, and in my eyes cheaters are psychos love this game, cause it offer so much blood and gore... and they can butcher em all - when they cheat, so sadists find great pleasure in the multi-player-mode of this game, as they can play god with the help of cowardly used cheats.Not talking about the pro-exploiters who always will call it ""intended by the devs!"" when they simply kill you 9 times out of 10 tries. And guys with aim-bot, who kill u from a distance, while you are running, and EVERYTIME they hit you... and NEVER miss...impossible for a real player, I had this in so many online-matches at the euro-servers, it's such a waste of time, not speaking of stamina-cheats and hit-box shrinkers... such a bunch of psychos.Why is this game so good rated? Cause all the Hacker and Cheaters have got 2,3 or 4 accounts and rate it as super game as this game is on sale every 3 weeks now... Also there was a time with less hackers and cheaters, but this is LONG AGO! And this game offers great graphics and soundfx, actually it would be so cool without the cheater, but you can't play vs bots forever cause it's boring.The community is mostly also rude and immature. HATE, INSULTS, KICK-ORGIES, TEAM-KILLER-ORGIES, and those crazies who kill teammates and claim U would be the idiot...There is about 66% of real and fair players... but there's 34% who suck more then u can imagine, and those will always lead the winning team (the team which cheats more!)And YES! There is also really skilled players with high-ranks who deserve their points... but the majority of ""successful"" players is cheating and hacking, and glitching.offline-mode: 9/10  it's fun, but gets boring soon, and you want to fight real playersonline-mode: 0/10  for masochist's onlyonline-mode with closed circle of friends and passworded server: 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,790117,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,SamanionX,"Dismemberment Simulator is the best simulator.10/10, would slice again."
,Recommended,219640,1156767,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Vasily Zaytsev,"It's fun, but it's not 30€ fun. Wait for price to drop, or wait for the game to be improved, a few classes are overpowered and dominating the game as it is. A lot of bugs aswell."
,Recommended,219640,10618741,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Shotty NoX,"Good game, not a lot to do after the initial hour or so, but fun, nonetheless -7/10"
,Recommended,219640,283222,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Mizzko,"A gory, fast-paced, intense first-person-slasher. Decapitations, dis-membering, and defacing bodies is EXTREMELY satisfying. PLAY WITH FRIENDS for the ultimate screaming match!!! 9/10"
76561198069835057,Recommended,219640,10622713,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BOT Waah,Kill dem all
76561198019802500,Recommended,219640,3264946,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,Great Teacher Onizuka,"jeux pas mal et de beau graphisme,quelques bug mais les mise a jour commence a les enlever,je donne 7/10"
,Recommended,219640,10575493,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kurjeet,"Immensely fun once you get the hang of it, but it can be a bit hard to get decent at. I've played for a good deal of time, but I'm still nowhere close to the level some other players play at, but it's still fun even if you're getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked. Great fun to just hop into, especially if you find a good group of people on a server."
76561198085910777,Recommended,219640,10576529,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mushroom Nigga,"Its fun as hell, but it will make you rage,"
76561198100803360,Recommended,219640,13023126,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,lorentzovh29,"Just played a few hours and i'm totally bought.The variety in game modes, maps and weapons makes it so much fun. ofcourse there are trolls and ofcourse there are ways to beat the ennemy without them being able to do anything but hey, multiplayer game..IMO graphics, very good, gameplay terrific, sound good and gore: just enough."
,Recommended,219640,13416255,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,RinguPingu,"A great game, both for the casual player looking to have some fun lobbing people's heads off, and the hardcore player wanting to cooperate with his team and slaughter the enemy team.Just try and avoid killing your teammates, alright? Remember, horizontal swings are a no-no when entering a tight skirmish!"
,Recommended,219640,8218174,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Thoste,"They seem to be more concerned about graphism then gameplay, and everytime they patch the game they add new bugs... But still pretty good if you can pass this."
,Recommended,219640,15283450,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Duskie,Teamkilling your archer teamates the game
76561198111637690,Recommended,219640,15283584,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Killert66,Really fun game to play
,Recommended,219640,7304939,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Shadow Roadagain,"best medieval game around , its so brutal man ! kill peasents , siege cities !"
,Recommended,219640,649597,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,[HRG] Sikpanzer @StreamHub,Counterstrike 1.Shank
,Recommended,219640,15209790,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Wololo,"Solid game, definitely worth the price (especially so in a sale). The vocal aspect of the characters is hilarious and the melee combat is well refined. 8/10."
76561198014899203,Recommended,219640,15036131,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,FreddyFish,AGATHAAAAA!!!!!
76561198057064034,Not Recommended,219640,19623602,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,[ATT] Shocky,"By far some of the worst hitboxes I've seen in a game for a long, long time. Fix tha♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198116984975,Recommended,219640,19482789,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tabinatillas,-sorry-np
76561197980926847,Recommended,219640,881243,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Padji,
76561198097407935,Recommended,219640,19573687,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,crconnerb,"This game is great and really fun. But one small problem that keeps me from playing, it keeps trying to run the game using a controller when i got a keyboard and mouse plugged in. Other than that, 10/10"
76561198002559748,Recommended,219640,19575423,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Ser Khoma,"Straigh to the point, there is no other game like Chiv. It's a fast paced, melee combat experience that has no rival.No other game allows you to hone your skills in melee as well as this one does. It takes time to become a decent swordsman. People complain a lot about ""dragging"" and feinting. Both, perhaps a little over done in Chivalry. But, huge parts of sword fighting. It's all a matter of how much you get trolled.Don't play this game if you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off easy. But, otherwise, GET IT!"
76561198045991870,Recommended,219640,5176837,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Deech,:)
76561198081891554,Not Recommended,219640,19600408,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Maxoroni_79,this game was old so the devs shot it with dlc
,Not Recommended,219640,19610350,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Destroyus,"1/10Bought it, played for 30 min, thought it was boring and tutorial was worthless.Wish could get refund, friends lied to me."
76561198199031185,Recommended,219640,19585877,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,❀     suertelele,BAD GAME !
76561198064287937,Recommended,219640,19747245,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,vortexmike669,good game
76561198054245873,Recommended,219640,19742195,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,longnamescomplex GRAVION,gud
,Recommended,219640,19750400,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Bolgrim,Just a flesh wound..
,Recommended,219640,19671343,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,chikn csgomassive.com,Yes
,Recommended,219640,8923344,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,nap,"Pretty good game, has some glitches here and there by that i mean the blocking isnt all that greatly perfect but most of it works. Tons of fun got a little bit ago and just cant stop playing! Makes me rage a bit but is always fun and exciting to play multiple gamemodes and classes. A nice skill game for all of u!"
,Recommended,219640,22101524,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Commander Dolphin,"Most of the community are losers who do nothing but play this game all day and night. They will literally rage if you accidently hit them if they're on your team. They take this game way to seriously as though they really are in the crusades or something. None of you idiots would have survived the Crusades. BTW, this game is pretty fun and creative but it has a shitbag ♥♥♥♥ball community."
,Recommended,219640,22146742,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,"Congratulations to the Devs, excellent work!"
,Recommended,219640,22144457,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,bobster708,Great game 8 out of 10
76561198118339655,Not Recommended,219640,22252747,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Wizard Cat,"This game is highly unoptimized! I bought it on sale because I thought it looked fun. The thing is, I couldn't even decide if it was fun or not! My computer meets the requirements but still I can't get more than 5 fps even on low settings! FIVE FPS! I tried so many solutions online but still can't fix the problem! Please make your game playable before putting it out for purchase."
,Recommended,219640,22254251,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,LegendaryGeek1,Not a bad game. But definitely learn to use your blocking skill or you won't last long! Also be careful in team battles because friendly fire IS on!
,Recommended,219640,22254510,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ass-Less Richard,I honestly love this game but I'm torn on whether to recomend it or not because unless you have the best internet available or live in the UK  it can be hard to find a server because it seems that most of the servers that are populated on this game are hosted in the UK so if you live in NA then you are screwed because you will enter a game and get vote kicked or removed by an admin for having ping to thats to high and while that does make sense because lag can ruin this game since it is heavily based on timing but at the same time it sucks because most of the NA servers that are up or at least the ones that I can see have a very low population or they are dead.
,Recommended,219640,22188412,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Kuld,"Honestly, this game is the CS:GO of Medieval"
76561198274283534,Recommended,219640,21044749,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Lord Mike,Spin to win!
,Recommended,219640,22245588,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Toad,It's pretty good.
76561198167613087,Recommended,219640,22121045,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,lordvahk97,"Experience with 1v1 servers in a nutshell""Oh hello little Timmy, how many hours have you played in this game? I have like 30""""40,000 lol"""
76561198124334184,Recommended,219640,22240883,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sun Bro,You can make your vanguard look like Solaire10\|T|/10would praise the sun again
76561198095544632,Recommended,219640,19299995,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Aweaver,fairly zesty
,Recommended,219640,19299077,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,killaface32,Yes this game is amazing but you do need a good computer and internet conection to play this game is by far the aggrivating game for me but it is pretty fun
,Recommended,219640,19299244,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Jacquesvsa,NICE
,Not Recommended,219640,19152721,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Artemis Ravenstar,Game is ok overall. takes a while to find a server without hackers. literally last server i was on the other team had 0 deaths and some of their players where flying and they turned of the Report button so server jumping is needed
76561197976542515,Not Recommended,219640,19162796,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Panzerschokolade,"overrated and yet totally overpriced. sad to say progress since early access is very little. controls are still terrible. gameplay feels glitchy and disconnected. shown screenshots are photoshopped. graphics doesn't look that good, not even a bit like that."
76561198089723392,Recommended,219640,19277374,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,SaintOni3D #Life,This game is brutal and fun for me when i play it for a couple of years later... maybe soon i  could play again and more.
76561198047389607,Recommended,219640,19312221,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bob The Builder,very fun game
,Not Recommended,219640,19333575,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Ｍａｘｉｍｉｌｉａｎ,more teamkills then a csgo silver match
76561198082300083,Recommended,219640,7004343,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,BATMAN,"Awesome game. Some parts of the community is annoying as ♥♥♥♥. The user generated content is often amazimg, bringing new maps, gamemodes and skins to the game."
76561198017021005,Recommended,219640,3074629,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Fumanchu,"This was an amazing surprise. Bought it so I could join some friends, and ended up playing until 8:30 am :|. Highly recommended"
76561198023721174,Recommended,219640,19410196,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Frodo My Baggins,Hack and slash your way out of friendships !
76561198017997738,Recommended,219640,19397090,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,D4KR0N!C (w*s) ™,funy to play :)
76561198257484686,Recommended,219640,26071229,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ghost,Very good gameplay mechanics and class options. All round great game. Only theres two things I want to ask be fixed1- Sort out servers. For the past few days i cant see any servers on my serverr list. and It's completely game-breaking. I don't know if its a bug or server traffic but either way it needs to be fixed ASAP.2-Balance the vanguard class. Vanguard is way too overpowered and there is NO class that can beat it. If you get double-teamed by two vanguards you wont win. ever. either Buff the other classes or Nerf vanguard.
,Recommended,219640,26093015,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,kovura,never gets old all the people that gave bad reviews are just bad at the game. its so fun
,Recommended,219640,26093025,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,✯LameFlames✯,its a good game if you dont have that strong of a pc because i played both 1. 32 bit version (worked great) 2. 64 bit version (a little lag but that might be because of everything thats going on in the game). Also there is a team killing problem. Might want to put some restrictions onthat but other wise a great game
76561198074912729,Recommended,219640,26104941,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,420,i love to play this game when im high
,Recommended,219640,26102862,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Slip,"Perfect for paraolympics for the e-""sports"" scene. Derr wat is stabbing"
,Recommended,219640,26103562,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,IR Hunter (12/15),"Hahaha a Game for 1$ is really amazing and so much fun :))Specially when you get out and you see someone stands near the door and say thanks to everybody :)))Try that, it's funny xD"
,Recommended,219640,26103857,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Rufnis,"To be honest, i wouldn't bother buying this game for a full price. Unless you have lots of friends to play with you... like, lots of friends... as in more than 2. It's in the requirements section. Friends: >2 people.But since it was 90% off, friends don't matter no more. I tried it, I had fun, I cut arms, heads, legs, died a lot in the game. It's amazing. Buy it when the price drops again!"
,Recommended,219640,26120715,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,NoTears,"If you can hang, the game's really fun!Chivalry is one of those games where you have to continually get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked for a while to get better at it. The melee combat is done pretty well and there's a good variety of weapons. It's satisfying as all hell whenever you get a kill and it never gets old to warcry like the Black knight in Monty Python and the Holy Grail.However, the game is only fun if you have a latency in the double digits. Lag in this game is the last thing you want to play with. The game feels a little boxed in since there is no singleplayer and the objective levels are a little linear.Regardless, this is without a doubt, one of the best games I've played. It's not on the top of that list by no means, but it is on there."
,Recommended,219640,26124505,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,About 30 ninjas,Great game
,Recommended,219640,2098998,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,Broccoli John,I voilent mess of thoroughly entertaining combat with rediculously loud screaming men on top. Purchase it
,Recommended,219640,25956737,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Gordon Ramsay,Man the trebuchet. 10/10.
76561198317335345,Recommended,219640,26088552,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Bomber Rat,nice game
,Recommended,219640,26088848,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Timi,|The most realistic medieval game i ever seen ! xDAnd is very realist.... is really worth it
76561198114249351,Recommended,219640,26088940,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Radiatore,Good game to waste time on a rainy day and you want to have some fun.
,Recommended,219640,26089176,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Džiordana Butkutė,ZJBS NU NAHUI
,Recommended,219640,26088649,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,POOT POOT POOTIS,"""YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH !""10/10 would yell again"
,Recommended,219640,26089895,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,TheGamingRev,It's not some Triple A title but it's very nice for the price you pay for it. I recommend this game to everyone!
76561197985935433,Recommended,219640,26076740,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,FTP,GLORIOUS. ♥♥♥♥ING. DEATH.
76561198077023650,Recommended,219640,26077109,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kaelthoss,"Played a couple hours, for the first time it was pretty good, maybe another update to come."
76561198310330640,Recommended,219640,26077147,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Hershey Kid,its epic but is a little rough
,Not Recommended,219640,19399784,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Eating Immanuel Kant's ass brb,You know why!
76561197982221433,Not Recommended,219640,10945069,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Echorion,"Broken hitboxes, very abuseable mechanics, incredibly unbalanced weapons, quirky/glitchy animations, and snotty devs to top it all off...There is charm here sure, based on the unique factor of what it is mostly; but beyond that everything is too flawed."
76561198136909218,Recommended,219640,18567287,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Eli,Best game of all time!
76561198049290224,Recommended,219640,13151331,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Zekomir,"Killed many filthy peasants,pillaged the villages♥♥♥♥♥♥♥thy women 11/10 Black Knights"
76561198234431684,Recommended,219640,19183707,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Vyrdaus,THE ORDER THE ORDER!!!
,Recommended,219640,19178852,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,flamma vulpes corvum [20!8],best medieval first-person game
,Not Recommended,219640,19185424,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Monokuma,"I love the game and I'd never cheat but steam desided to VAC ban for this game only, I spent money to get this game than it VAC's me for no reson. You know those vending machines that eat your money yeah that what this game did to me, I'm alittle mad and lowkey hurt."
,Not Recommended,219640,19422402,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MinimeTheGreat,This game has all the worst elements of TF2 and Payday 2 combined into one.-Overpriced cosmetics-♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs♥♥♥♥♥♥community-Glitches-Crashes♥♥♥♥♥♥hit detection-Exploits-Lag-Input Lag-Teamkilling♥♥♥♥♥♥weapon and class balance3/10Shoulda gotta refund.
76561198116846301,Recommended,219640,19425744,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,374xenomorph278,the game is good but i has a really steep learning curve but after that your golden
,Recommended,219640,19346500,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Grizzly,my computer seems to not run it on multiplayer can anyone tell me why? :/
,Recommended,219640,19346779,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,THIS IS SPECIAL .erc,"brilliant graphics with fun gameplay, would recommend!"
,Recommended,219640,5610964,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,SpaSm ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Good Medieval Game!
,Recommended,219640,19539067,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,xXiTsAHammaXx,"They finally fixed it, it's now a game I like"
,Recommended,219640,19563768,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Gucci,"This has given me COUNTLESS hours of fun with friends, and at this point is extremely cheap so when it goes on sale buy it for them or they can and you will not be dissapointed"
,Recommended,219640,5600652,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Sealion,Gruesomome decapitations and dismemberment in a first person view! What are you waiting for dawn your armor knave.
,Recommended,219640,15412488,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Naughtius_Maximus,For the ordaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
76561198076657852,Not Recommended,219640,19571262,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,MemE lOrD,its ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
76561198040308115,Recommended,219640,19568258,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Toaomb,FOR THE ORDERRRWhat more is there to say?
76561198086034547,Not Recommended,219640,8511178,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Snuggles,"Bad game dont buy it, simple."
,Not Recommended,219640,19687758,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Gene Pool Lifeguard,"Game was great when I first got it, now it's nothing but glitch abuse and human whirlwinds."
76561198053371872,Recommended,219640,19685395,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,SteveBuscemi'sOldPinkCockRing,this is the greatest
76561198043557261,Recommended,219640,4939929,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,Drakolth,"one of the best multiplayer games i have ever played. it is also one of the few first person multiplayer games based on close combat, in fact its the only one i know of.. in all a awesome game and much worth the price, if you are not convinced, wait for a free weekend (if there ever is one) or a sale to buy it. also, at first this game is REALLY annoying, mainly becouse you start of bad (not the equipment just it takes a while to get use to) just stick in there until you are good then it is so much more fun"
76561198178949937,Recommended,219640,19722693,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,SPARTANG217,"As you run across the field of battle, passing your allies severed heads, you shall see the enemy, With a mighty swing of your weapon, that scum will meet his maker. From out of nowhere, will come a horde of adversaries, and as your limbs fall to the ground and you here the blood gurgling in your throat, you shall cry out to gods of war ""Why such crappy graphics!"" And with that you die and live again as an endless cycle of hack and slash fun."
76561198142403056,Recommended,219640,19726333,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DanabloGaming YT,Excellent game 9/10
76561198060759740,Recommended,219640,18995420,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,dornenfeld,funny
,Recommended,219640,19718151,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,-=ĄṦ=- Shaft,Great game with alot of hours worth of playtime.
76561197987822630,Recommended,219640,19669726,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Blue * Phoenix,"Say nay to the naysayers, this game is awesome! Way easier to learn if you do ""Deadliest Warrior""'s training missions as u can see where your attack is landing and get things down a little more before you go online. Online you have people of all skill ranges but one fact for certain is that you will die. The combat is precise and veeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeery rewarding once you survive the learning curve. Once you duck under a few swings and hack off a couple heads, you'll soon be screaming ""FOR THE ORDER"" at your screen too.FOR NOOBS (Cardinal Rules)MIND YOUR SWINGS (some are faster than others and others have more range or area)TIMING IS EVERYTHING (wait for attack to block / speed up or slow down swing to get past blocks)CONTROL YOUR FEAR (Panic blocks will kill you 8/10 times- FOCUS on enemy. Outnumbered? Use shield!!)FIGHT WITH HONOR (respect 1v1's and your fellow combatants; apologize for team damage!! Salutes are sacred)"
76561198025516139,Recommended,219640,19667046,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Raam McTavish,Hours of bloody entertainment.
76561197963443309,Recommended,219640,149912,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,KabangChew,The best battlecry simulator you'll ever experience. Truly magnificent.
,Recommended,219640,19543727,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Lukas,Too much fun.
76561197988060697,Recommended,219640,19559222,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Cthulhu,This game is insane ! Too much fun !
,Not Recommended,219640,30643644,Posted: 20 March,all,Space Captain,Ive heard great things about this game. Cant play it though. most likely a simple fix but the support for this game is horrible. I waited for over a month for their developers to get back to me as to why I cannot see the mouse cursor when i load the game. They said it doesnt do that. WTF??? so i sent another request for some help. took about 3 weeks for them to get back to me. went through the same process. Now i have a solid 9 minutes of main screen that i canty do♥♥♥♥♥♥with. they wont even refund my money for the game because its been longer than the two week period that is required to request a refund. well♥♥♥♥♥♥ it took the developers months to get back to me and they still dont have a solution. And they refuse to give me a refund.
76561198075220923,Recommended,219640,24559951,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Jonsson,GOOD... me was ez RUSSKI... VoDkA
76561198009870879,Recommended,219640,24606610,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Retard  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"prepare to be bombarrded with all manor of projectiles from 1000000000000 miles away, no shortage of yourself getting sniped. bows, slings, javs, crossbows. BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ENJOY GETTING INSTAKILLED AS A HEAVY ARMOR KNIGHT by crossbows and javelins to the neck. also, if you enjoy getting yelled at in 1300s speak, being votekicked, or being called a ""killstealing jew"" this game is for you.10/10 would get beheaded from behind by teamate again"
,Recommended,219640,24621940,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,thearrow,If you like nuanced combat with a suprising amount of depth then this is a game for you. It has a slower pace but its weapon and mechanics variety keep it interesting.
,Recommended,219640,24420585,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,@RoboHec,I wish the community weren't so toxic.Has lightsaber mod.9/10
,Recommended,219640,24460771,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,V1SH3NG3L,"Whenever you're angry at someone just start this game and imagine you're fighting them, next just cut off every limb that person has with a great variety of medieval weapons.8/10"
76561198093951077,Recommended,219640,16611664,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Biased Bread,Sure its cool
,Recommended,219640,30828564,Posted: 30 March,all,[ZS] Iron Wolf,Its a pretty gud
,Recommended,219640,24446415,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Axorisim_TR,FUNY AND BLOODY GAME
76561198137230332,Recommended,219640,24485780,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Coconut of Doom,PROS:Medieval FPHSWide range of weaponsWide range of outfits to wear into combat (Not including wedding dresses)Funny linesRealistic combat linesRealistic combatMany map to coat in bloodCONS:Community is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥No campaignMelee combat can be one-sided depending on skill level8/10For the blue and gold!
76561198149031609,Recommended,219640,24484765,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,The Bombastic Noot,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a game that is actually really, really fun, if you know what you're doing and sometimes even when you don't know jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ The community is USUALLY helpful and will give you pointers of what to do (in my experience) but they still won't go easy on you. Of course, there are salty players as well, as can be expected in a comptetive multiplayer game.So, what's it like for a beginner in the game of Chivalry? Well... Confusing. You go in as a wee baby, unsure of where to go or what to do. You think you can get in and know exactly what to do and be an expert. Stick them with the pointy end of the sword, right? You go in to a high-level room and get demolished by a man clad in massive armour and wielding a maul, simply because he ducked and you didn't realize that the game features a unique mechanic that allows you to speed up or slow down your attacks by moving your mouse a certain way during the attack.Like I said, you will be torn apart. You will rage. You will get better. It just takes time. Do not go in thinking this will be a cakewalk. Do not go in thinking you will be the best player immediately after looking at the controls for five seconds and completing the training mission.I don't play this game anymore, though, and my recommendation is empty because of this, I know. But, this is a very good game. If you need any more info, just watch someone on YouTube play it and see how much fun they have. Look at all the community who enjoy it. If you weren't into medieval martial arts, you just might be into them once you get this game.Overall rating for the game: 8/10The game is not perfect, it has flaws. Sometimes, you come across a person who simply acts like a ballerina, and you're left wondering how the hell they killed you if literally the only thing they were doing were spinning around with a Zweihender. Mordhau intends to fix that, and, in all honesty, I would wait for that to release rather than just redownload this game (I did not delete it intentionally. My computer crashed and I had to reset everything. Had it not crashed, I would still probably be playing it today, I just don't want to redownload it again.)Anyways, this game is worth the money, simple as thatFINAL RATING: 8/10"
,Not Recommended,219640,7969142,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,3-6-9  34-21,"A fun game for sure. Combat is a bit more casualized than that of War of the Roses or Vikings.Blocking is done with one button(it's all about the timing and internet connection, if you have bad internet, don't even try playing this game.), shield blocking is strange, sometimes doesn't work if enemy is hugging you, not sure if intentional or bug.Classes are versatile and don't feel like same.Weapon unlocks work however they want, some unlocks reset the kills required for next weapon.Rank is stuck on 5 for many people and resets every time after you quit server(or game).So far unfixed and it appears to me that developers don't really plan to fix main game before they fix DLC, if they fix it at all...Gay."
76561198199125198,Recommended,219640,24483965,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,nachete,"Perfect game to buy a 4-pack, a lot of fun if you play with friends"
,Recommended,219640,4973916,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,DaciaJC,"Simply put, Chivalry is the most pure fun I have ever experienced in a video game. The game is worth the asking price for its voices alone, never mind the brutally gratifying combat."
76561198147111490,Recommended,219640,24646562,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,sakyawira,Cutting limbs + beheadings = awesome10/10 would die again
,Recommended,219640,24645509,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Shadowsoldier56,"The game is pretty intense after level 15. Before that, you have the chance to get used to the game and it's mechanics.After that, you can't go onto the noob servers, and go straight towards servers with people 4x's your experience. But that doesn't make it unplayable!A majority of the high ranking people are genuily nice, and do♥♥♥♥♥♥around with low ranking players. Hell some even offer tips.The game is hard to play. Sometimes broken. But be patient, learn the controls and combat, and you'll be a high ranker too."
,Recommended,219640,11982670,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,HolyCrusadee,Freedom of speech is simply not needed
,Recommended,219640,1968243,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Paper Chris,"Chivalry Medieval Warfare is a team killing Simulator. Go ahead hack and slash at your friends and kill them all Johnny! KILL THEM ALL!!!It can be pretty fun if everyone is playing correctly. Yet no one really does so its pretty annoying and boring, unless you like wasting a lot of time."
76561198202730486,Recommended,219640,20498645,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,[ℕℝ]» Spitfire,"Overall this game is very fun, however the combat style that this game has become is different from what most new players expect.When you leave the low rank servers, players become get better at blocking, and simple lmb, stabs and overheads will create boring stamina war fights which is why the game's combat has changed to what it is now. It does kill the medieval theme, how ever learning the drags, footwork and reverse attacks is  very rewarding and fun when you get gud. The game has a very high skillcap.Lots of game modes including TO, duels, deathmatch, free for all.The voice commands are also funny af."
,Not Recommended,219640,24662111,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Siman,not even historicaly accurate... and thats what its going for...
76561197995711851,Recommended,219640,1638227,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,♂LivingBrain,Medieval Battlefield ;). Skills needed :).
,Recommended,219640,21223119,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,JoePickett,"Fun, fast paced medieval-themed game. I have played this a few times  just foh fun and got plenty of this and that. Excellent game mechanics. Kind of graphic at times... mutilations, etc. Check out some gameplay.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_a6-bq8xqc"
,Not Recommended,219640,21225371,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Jack,Not recommended for people with bad internet
76561198008108138,Not Recommended,219640,21267291,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Oraiyon,"Chivalry was one of my most favorite online multiplayer games ever, until I realised how absolutely abhorrent the community is, the developers aren't much better either as others have already pointed out.Gameplay is horribly ruined by the legions of high-ranked players abusing/exploiting game mechanics. Dragging, feinting and ""rainbowing"" are just some of the many frustrations one has to face constantly.Rainbowing in particular represents how f*cked up this game is.Don't believe me? Spend countless hours fighting these ""super pro legit"" players and see if you don't  agree with me wholeheartedly.Community and exploits are toxic and loathesome; go to any duel server and see how long people actually stick to the rules. Answer: not very long if at all.Do yourself a favor and stay away from this game, or if you don't, then just buy it and immediately get Deadliest Warrior DLC/Mod - that game is easily the better of the two - more balanced, less broken.Unfortunately, it doesn't have many players left, especially in the oceanic region."
,Recommended,219640,21138507,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,CHEEKI BREEKI,"Friendly fire simulator10 ""sry"" out of 10"
,Recommended,219640,21182020,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ric Flair,"They made a button with sole purpose being to scream. My entire team screamed for 10 minutes stuff like ""FOOOOOOOR THE KINNNNNG"" and ""FOOOOR SPARTAAAAAAA"" if you have the deadliest warrior expension of course.Only con i can think of is the heavy buttons set. If you stop playing for a week, you'll forget all buttons."
,Not Recommended,219640,21239682,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Spec oups,"This game looked promising at first when it came out, with an active dev team, working to add content and fix issues.With time passing, Torn Banner has become elusive on the questions of optimisation, addition of free contents, and overall improvement of the OH SO MANY BUGS. SO MUCH BUGS I CAN'T EVEN DARE TRYING TO COUNT THEM.The hitboxes and netcode are by far the worst I have ever witnessed in any game, even three times worse than Dark Souls'.The amount of money and renown Torn Banner got with Chivalry is now way too much undeserved not to be talked about. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t has gone way beyond what can be handled.The overpriced DLCs and monetized contents (that are not even made by the studio, but fan-made and released by the workshop users) however, are still released on a monthly basis, hurry up and get them all ! HOORAY !"
,Recommended,219640,21255952,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Zash_the_Cat,"Amazing game, shows warfare during this age like no other game I have seen, but your 64-bit game is broken, kinda annoying, but many people need to cut down and try the 32-bit version to fix the fps drops, instead of just complaining. This game is also very beautiful and well-made, well done, Torn Banner.Edit: Try to ignore the elitist ballerinas..."
,Recommended,219640,21260751,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Stärke,i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game
,Recommended,219640,21258725,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Umbello,- spawn- spam 'C'- get rekt- repeat
,Not Recommended,219640,21256986,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Dj AŁ€Ҳ,Great game but the community is real toxicPlay with friends.
,Recommended,219640,21259301,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ProPuzoficj,> Chopping off heads> Chopping off legs> Chopping off armsWhat more could you want?
,Not Recommended,219640,21172374,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,周子玉,"This game is really fun when you can play with friends! On the other hand, there are many technical issues with this game, and one being the delayed hit time. Adding on that, I am not quite satisfied with the arsenal of weapons you can potentially unlock."
,Recommended,219640,21172413,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mr.PuDgE.ChAoS,good game make more modsor try t omake a king mod like mount and blade
,Not Recommended,219640,21175276,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,NLG Kirt,"I want to love thist game but I just can't. The combat is ok and the community isn't that great. I say that the combat ok is because once you get out of the 1-15 it becomes a game of who can try hard the most. Like breaking your back to hit someone with a maul as soon as the frames start is one of the many examples. The hours I've spent getting destroyed because I refused to do anything like that. I had fun when I was fighting someone that knew as much of the game as I did (which is probably not so much) but as soon as I go to fight someone that uses broken mechanics to their advantage all that fun that I was having goes right out the window. I want to play the game while having fun fighting people that don't do anything like that, I want to play the game without the toxic community behind it, I want to love every bit of it but as I said, I just can't."
76561198100955857,Recommended,219640,21143176,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ronnok3,Enormous learning curve and hard as ♥♥♥♥ to get good at. Basically if CS:GO was a hack n' slash with the gore ramped up 1000x. Its really fun once you actually start killing people. The screams and dismembered limbs flying everywhere make each kill delightfuly satisfying.8.5/10
76561197994819738,Recommended,219640,21133608,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,maxiol77,"Have made already 13th level, so i can say something:Info: medieval FPS (first person slayer :P )+ good graphics+ good price on sale+ lots of servers and modded servers+ lots of game mods: deathmatch, team DM, mission- need more and more mapsSatisfied customer. Will tell my friends to buy it, so we can slay others !"
76561198117603428,Recommended,219640,21137943,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Sarge,"Chivalry is a great game, if you are thinking of buying it at full price just wait a little because it goes on sale often."
,Recommended,219640,23441945,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Desert Fox,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ING SAVAGE, popping heads off and cutting arms is great. But getting headshots with the most badass crossbow ever is even more satisfying.The only downside is the quality. I can't play it full 1440p."
,Recommended,219640,6876431,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,painstation 4,you can run around spamming battle cries while you beat people with a mace10/10
,Recommended,219640,21520554,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,JESUS CHRIST,its freaking awesome
76561198048783743,Recommended,219640,21553593,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Sitch Lord,"this game is very fun, fun arena type multiplayer game that you can easily jump into at any point. I was hoping if the developers could see this because I would like you to put the controller inputs that are in the game for xbox/playstation and put them into this game as their are people who are more comfortable to play with a controller and are limited at this point"
,Recommended,219640,21443364,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Xeleet,I love this game
76561197964898565,Not Recommended,219640,21445729,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,President,"I love the idea of this game, and all that it originally had to offer.Now I feel like a level 1 going after Hogger, expecting different results everytime."
,Recommended,219640,21467838,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jolly Roger,"does not metter what the reviews say, this game is awesome"
,Recommended,219640,21466878,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Caesar Dressing,"Despite what is said in the helpful reviews about tryhards and hackers, this game is fun for casual play and has specific servers for low rank people"
76561197989952481,Recommended,219640,21466908,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Cups,"One of the neatest PvP experiences ever.  The satification of getting a ""kill"" is pretty much unrivaled.That said, this is truly the nastiest community I have had the displeasure to be a part of.Ridiculous boastings of ""skill"" and instant hate for accidental TK'ers, consider yourself warned."
,Recommended,219640,21421868,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Tasty,OH GOD THE GURGLE NOISES
76561198047051392,Recommended,219640,16755374,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,GeK,Great fun if your in the mood of killing people...
,Recommended,219640,21703117,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Cabbages are nice,"I just like killing people in this game on my free times.Really tho, I just play this game to kill."
76561198166500780,Recommended,219640,21671893,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sobeit Union,Gotta git good to be good in dis gameBut still it is great even if you're not that  good10/10
,Recommended,219640,21672778,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dirtyplacebo,"An okay game to play on your own, but if you're with a group of friends it takes this 'okay game' and really makes it a great one with lots of ""Oh sh*t moments"""
,Recommended,219640,21722490,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Randy Salad,"In my opinion, this game is great. Some may not like it, but I am not one of those people."
,Recommended,219640,21585529,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,TobysEstate,i love using light saber.
,Recommended,219640,23908511,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nouken,"Kill guys, get killed by guys. Pretty fun."
,Recommended,219640,23914025,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,KNOX35,Learned how to drag and spin after 120 hours of gameplay.Game is much more enjoyable now. xx210/10
76561198021053013,Recommended,219640,23951627,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,The_CIS,"If you are into chopping limbs off in real-time strikes, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,219640,23687016,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,HIW Alex,"Probably my favourite game, didn't come across any hackers.The only thing that annoys me is the overhead backwards swing thing and ARCHERS.I'm using my cousins shared version now, probably will end up buying it because I could play 10h of it but my♥♥♥♥♥♥cousin wants to P90 RUSH B FLASHBANG SMOOOOHKE"
,Recommended,219640,23935816,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rocket_Man,"Do I recommend this game? : No, my lord!"
76561198091995527,Recommended,219640,23935895,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sheep Deep,Good gameplay. ♥♥♥♥ the clowns.
76561198026368203,Not Recommended,219640,10164750,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Hot Shot 217,"I think it's come time to change my review. I used to enjoy playing this game, but I just can't anymore. There are too many things wrong with it for me. For starters, the community is pretty cancerous from what I remember. You can be vote-kicked for almost literally any reason, or no reason for that matter. Anyone can start a poll to kick you, and from there people vote pretty randomly. Furthermore, the combat is terrible. It started off pretty good and straight forward, where you could have an honest duel with someone and win if you utilized most of the combat mechanics, but that didn't last long. What passes for skill now is winding up to swing a maul overhead and then turning around with extremely high mouse sensitivity so that the hammer hits your head while it's still behind the other guy's head, which happens much more often than I care to admit. Another example would be the guy who runs away when you come after him but then starts thrusting his spear and turns a perfect 180 to hit you in the face; good luck catching up to him. It's not even really combat anymore, it's seeing who can have the strangest, most unpredictable or broken fighting-style in the game. If you like traditional medieval games, then you're probably going to think this is garbage, and in my opinion it is. To top it off, the dev team has gotten pretty bad too. They've started selling character and weapon skins in game for real cash, some of which are even created by the community, which is just unforgivable.At it's best, I can only give this game a 5/10. There are times you'll have fun, but there will be even more times you just end up feeling frusterated."
76561198132953254,Recommended,219640,23900915,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,dot dot dot,"Great game but, THE ♥♥♥♥ING 360 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T SPINS NEEDS TO BE REMOVED"
,Recommended,219640,30807836,Posted: 28 March,all,Chamberlain ⛧,Super fun game.All I do is yell at people and slice them to bits.
,Recommended,219640,173470,"Posted: 22 October, 2012",all,NoSeKe,"Great melee based multiplayer game. Better than War of the Roses in almost every aspect, and a lot of gore, dont forget about the gore!"
,Recommended,219640,23903954,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Chuck,"Best medieval combat simulator out there currently.It doesn't have the depth that mount and blade has, but it makes everything much more fluid and user friendly."
,Recommended,219640,30805920,Posted: 28 March,all,Stellex,10/10 will have war again -IGN
76561198100673957,Recommended,219640,11788161,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,"Thomas, Meg","Well its a game. It has stuff in it. You, my good sir/woman, are welcome"
,Recommended,219640,23846661,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SPIAZZI,great game
76561198139851712,Recommended,219640,23817024,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,El_NACHO,"Its pretty good so far!!!  ',:)"
,Recommended,219640,23873851,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Heartless,Gore and death... What else XDFun to play
76561198177154539,Recommended,219640,23865119,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,F.I.S.H. #FuckItShitHappens,"This game, just don't let me learn for school."
28817238237887328,Recommended,219640,23853109,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Judge,"Cut someones head off, then T-Bag their bloody throat stump, 10/10"
76561198078689951,Recommended,219640,23841260,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hanburger,Teamkill simulator 2016
76561198095080900,Recommended,219640,23839950,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,never surrender,Really challenging yet fun and very easy to get addicted to will be playing it for hours more and its defenetly worth it now during the sale
,Recommended,219640,20242531,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,/\/\^jestic,"im♥♥♥♥♥♥but still fun,"
,Recommended,219640,20276357,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,signeTify,"-Spawn in-Run towards enemy shouting your loyalty to Agatha-Get killed by your team mate-Repeat10/10 would get killed by team mate again.But nahh, seriously, game's pretty fun! If you like sword/pole/archery combat set in medieval times than this is for you. And if you buy it on sale even better! good deal for the money. I would recommend for anyone to try it out atleast."
,Recommended,219640,20279127,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Havis,"A fantastic game, the game mechanics will beg you to spend hours mastering parries, blocks, and which type of attack to use to get around your enemies defense. However, as this is a pvp game, it can be one extremely frustrating game as getting team killed happens very often. This is game great, but far from perfect, and the lack of matchmaking can really make finding a good game hard."
,Recommended,219640,20276927,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MasterTAng,dont forget to spam C while you sprint
76561198040645951,Recommended,219640,20276972,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Badboy,Awesome game
,Recommended,219640,20278095,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,XD001,"I didn't bother actually playing this game when I purchased it, but now that I have gotten around to it, I have to say this game is awesome."
76561198130649825,Recommended,219640,20278155,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,|TP| Salé,Spinning Simulator
,Recommended,219640,20279730,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BRiNX,not bad. could use some class balancing.
76561197969973344,Recommended,219640,20280005,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,HE WHO SMOKES BITCHES,This game is absolutely hilarious! 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,219640,3798313,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Damn Pete,"At last a decent medieval FPS. This is a game of skill, requiring a lot of timing. There are no skill buttons, no auto targets or anything of that sort, just raw medieval duelling!"
76561198072579319,Recommended,219640,20291144,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,RedWoods,"10/10 black screen simulator, always get one, what you expect from a crash sim"
,Recommended,219640,20300541,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Pauliee,"This game is fun as you like! very tricky knowning the right time to engage in combat but if you got the right teamates and you work as a team you can have extreamly large amounts of fun. The maps are really well designed, 4 classes, few games mode and BRUTAL GORE which makes it even more better! I reccomend getting this game and while playing it listen to some Epic Battle Music to play along with."
,Recommended,219640,20300860,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,General Giraff,let the arrow rain
76561198072954004,Recommended,219640,18120045,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,BorkWaffe Doggo,It was poorly optimized at first but now after updates it works like a beast. Fun to decapitate people I guess
76561198010813296,Not Recommended,219640,20257041,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Elliot Rodger,just♥♥♥♥♥♥and pure puke... thats all i can say for this♥♥♥♥♥♥game. i want my money back really.. ♥♥♥♥♥iest combat system and so much hack. that game make me sick
,Recommended,219640,21079109,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,M3 | 『Juan Deag』,this game is so much funnn :D just bought it deffinetly reccomended.
,Not Recommended,219640,21012256,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Btappin,"After 52 hours of playing this game, I can not recommend this game.-It's Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, except with swords. Everyone hops and moves around like wild monkeys.-The two-handed weapons are overpowered, which makes everyone try to use them.-Shields are pointless, when people can just jump over your head and slice you from above.-Archery is a joke, if you hit somebody they start moving around like the matrix towards you-The community is♥♥♥♥♥♥-Be prepared for 2-handed sword idiot teammates friendly hitting you in the start of a match-If there is a cluster of 5 people battling, everyone hits their teammates ""On accident"" while killing an enemy. It is always the people with the two-handed swords that end up killing their teammates ""On accident""DO  NOT GET THIS GAME, I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE WORTH IT AND FUN TO PLAY, BUT IT IS NOT"
76561197961737040,Not Recommended,219640,20989238,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,vigg,"Worth the money if you catch it on steam sale for $5.  Don't bother otherwise.  Once you get past rank 15 and can't play on the newbie servers anymore, you're done."
,Not Recommended,219640,20989275,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,AMD Radeon R9 290,"25 hours may not seem like alot for a review.But,-Bending backwards a full 90 degrees and instantly cutting someone's head off also doesn't seem like it should be a thing.-Neither is spinning like a top and swinging wildy and killing people.-And how could I forgot the toxic community and players, who team kill you because your playing an archer or because you backed off to regen some stamina.-Servers are unbalanced, level 16's going against 30-50's that mastered every little animation exploit in the game.-Team mates could be griefing you but no one would kick them because they won't kill you, they would leave you with a sliver of hp-Man at Arms being able to spam slash while spinning to hell makes them nearly unblockable-Knights stabbing you in the head while bending backwards doing an overhead-The general overall hate there is for archers in the game-The fact that a dagger to the face takes 5 hits to kill someone-Bugs are never fixed-Free-for-All really is Gang the Noobs-Javelins do a ridiculus amount of damage given the mobilty the archer has-Vanguards can somehow charge at you, and still kill you if your behind them-Dragging (an animation exploit used in order to increase or decrease the animation of your swing), is either frowned upon in a server, or is the only thing being used, which leads to the idea that noobs have no idea what this is and die immediately.-Hitboxes are incredibly poor.-Blocking is very inaccurate. Properly look at the edge of the blade of a weapon, and still get hit anyway-Team mates always hit you during a fight leaving you at no hp. For god's sake, implant an auto-kick if theres too much team damage-Team mates often attack you for no reason, other than the fact that you're covered in blood, even though your name shows up on the bottom of the screenThe list goes on and onI bought this game when it was on saleI would have bought something else if I knew it was going to end up like this. Don't get me wrong, in the lower rank, the game is somewhat fun, but once you're forced out of low ranked games, this game is just flat out bad,Save your time and money, play something else."
76561198100036440,Recommended,219640,21020948,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kozo,"First review for me. Power game, recommended !"
76561198124976965,Recommended,219640,18015502,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Azrubel,This is the game like everyone will like it.So enjoyable and exciting.
76561198109741532,Recommended,219640,21010608,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,moist,the combat is good~
,Recommended,219640,26090295,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,h1z1.plus xd,za 3.90 a aldım za
,Recommended,219640,26073171,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Xx_TheAnVille_xX,its insane!!
76561198271351725,Recommended,219640,26073352,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Pake Jaul,"Really good game, easy to pick up but hard to master. Really good graphics and gameplay. People complain how they liked being on 0-15 level servers, I actually don't like those servers because noobs always team kill you.  -_-One tip: If someone accidently hit you, don't be a♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill them purposely."
76561198239610966,Recommended,219640,24047433,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,KatanaMen,good game
76561198062541480,Recommended,219640,24088771,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,jewish lion,"♥♥♥♥♥ cash money, would recomend if you had a few mates to play with. Try the modded servers as well they make the game a lot better."
76561198158291654,Not Recommended,219640,24087087,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,A Wild Gook,This is a very fun medieval hack and slash fighting game with many diffrent modes to choose from. There is customization for your weapons and your warrior but they are payed for most of them. Now lets adress the problem. The games multiplayer is great fun hack and slashing gibbing murder until level 15. Now after that level you get into the higher level games in which the advanced players turn into helicopters spinning in circles and instantly hitting you in some ♥♥♥♥ed up mannor i suggest getting this game and then unlocking the locked weapons then playing offline which saddens me as i really wanted to continue my multiplayer career and thus i i do not recommend the game unlesss your ok with playing off line
76561198206531424,Recommended,219640,24140277,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,♛Wolf,Best medieval game ever
,Not Recommended,219640,26071475,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,bas1c,игра♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥по двум причинам сервера лагают до жути и про игроки в этой игре убивают тебя за 1-3 удара.
,Recommended,219640,26071628,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Moonlous,amazing but i dont have multiplayer servers
,Recommended,219640,26137103,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,asharp0910,it keeps saying not responding no matter what i do and i havent been able to play it at all yet and i cant get a refund ethier because of school and stuff i couldent downlode it in time to try it and the only reason i say this is a good review is because it is a good game but it wont work for me at all
76561198065638436,Not Recommended,219640,6407636,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Superstar Cole,"The game is great dont get me wrong I love it a lot its just its so broken. They might as well slap a still in beta tag on it. Blocking doesnt work half the times for some reason even though you block just on time, and the hitboxes are just stupid ill attack a enemy not even near my team and it kills my team instead then they get all mad and you get vote kicked out. Games been out a long time now think they would have fixed this stuff by now. But ya its a fun game just broken in a lot of ways. But whatever hopefully the new game they are making will be better than this"
,Not Recommended,219640,26184682,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Rambler,Fun until you hit level 15 and arent able to join low level servers anymore. Then you get throw in servers with people who are 50+.
76561198253008212,Recommended,219640,26187751,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,coKain,so much fun played (still am) for hours best medevil game super gory and addictive .
76561197980158500,Recommended,219640,26186900,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,elpolloloco,"Nice Game, makin a lot of fun to play!!!"
,Recommended,219640,26186934,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,LiChengg,RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
76561198055715552,Recommended,219640,26164551,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Dagon1977,"wow this game is literally killer, i havent had so much fun dieing ever lol. its a great hack and slash game tons of fun."
,Recommended,219640,26163542,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,MemEStaR Farmskins.com,Very good game
,Recommended,219640,26164391,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,God Of Seppuku,THE BEST
,Not Recommended,219640,26197579,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,rexguardian,"Good game, but the♥♥♥♥♥♥community makes it hard to play"
,Not Recommended,219640,26031636,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Grizzly,"A great big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is one of those rock paper scissors type of games, where each player has a set of moves. Each move counters a certain other move. In this case, rock, paper and scissors have certain tells so you can try to anticipate what your opponent will do and work around it ahead of time.The problem with Chivalry is it's like playing rock paper scissors, except 3v1. And your three opponents choose rock, paper and scissors, so no matter what you do, you've lost.I'm not used to making analogies this ♥♥♥♥en good.1v1'ing some is fun. It's actually a relatively skillful game and you can beat opponents that are way stronger than you just by having quick reactions. Unfortunately, every single fight you will ever get into doesn't use these skills. You attack someone, and then two of their friends happen to come along. ♥♥♥♥ you lad, you lost. You attack someone and two of your friends come along, well then you've won. The game consists of people just running around in packs and preying on 1 guy at a time, so rock, paper and scissors mean literally ♥♥♥♥ing nothing. No matter what move you do, someone else is already using a different one that you can't counter, which means you get ♥♥♥♥en killed. Tough luck. Try again next time and hope some friends will come to your aid.I happened to spectate the last two people in a match. They were having a 1v1 and one of the guys ♥♥♥♥en ducked under the other guy's sword, and then laid the other guy out. Wow. That was pretty cool. Too bad I'll never get to do that because every single fight consists of blocking three ♥♥♥♥os at once until someone shows up to help. Or running away, that too.The game is clunky af. Dodging sometimes just doesn't work. Block is inconsistent af. Everyone's just playing as big burly ♥♥♥♥ers and shaking around the place abusing some kind of damage exploit. If you put your block down for a second they end up hitting you. But sure, apparently this is a known exploit that nobody's bothered fixing.Doesn't feel rewarding at all. A few hours into the game and I'm already ♥♥♥♥en bored. I literally had more fun fighting teammates than I did actually playing properly, because nobody tries to 3v1 you. And hey, it's not even like I'm the aggressor here, because in every ♥♥♥♥ing match, there's always more than a few guys killing their own team. Lovely community right here.♥♥♥♥♥♥shit and♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,11850591,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Caesar,8.5/10
76561198149988082,Recommended,219640,26201569,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Tombomb2016,♥♥♥♥ you guy who did a 360 hammer scope
76561198072976360,Recommended,219640,26201729,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,konabird,This game is awesome! All skill based.
76561198048914634,Recommended,219640,26155999,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Neileusmaximus,Takes some time to get used to but it's a ton of fun.  Bought it for three friends to play.
76561198242638712,Recommended,219640,26157614,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,D Chick PR,Buy then :1. join server2. hit friend3. TK4. 119 minute5. refund-101/100 Master Pie !!!
76561198019478521,Not Recommended,219640,26181612,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,spinatai,"The game is quite addicting, but in a very rage-y kinda way. Every game you will encounter a LOT of salt and also be prepared to die more from your team kills than from the enemies.I really wanted to like it, being one of the few games that offer at least somewhat realistic medieval battles, but...It boils down to just how ♥♥♥♥ing DERPY it is. Some people will run and jump around in full plate armor, while bent-over looking at their feet, striking the ground and doing a 180 twist at the same time (and hitting the opponent). I'm sorry, but this♥♥♥♥♥♥ruins any immersion in the game.It's like if the creators of the legendary QWOP flash game decided to try their skills at a sword fighting game."
76561198066839562,Recommended,219640,26179334,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,BLUE;Meakato`-,İf you love old wars guys lets play this game.
,Recommended,219640,8716073,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ToreDenStore,A bit buggy even a year after release=bad. Otherwise really entertaining.
,Recommended,219640,26275867,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sadader,"A fun but not particularly incredible arcadey game, Chivalry is a great addition to a steam library with great gameplay and combat mechanics that will keep you hooked."
,Recommended,219640,26277428,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,stage 1 imposible rtv,best game
76561198328284660,Recommended,219640,26294731,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,RestlessNinja,I need a refund but it cannot give me a refund for ingame puranchase
,Recommended,219640,26282604,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Hardbass Alexino,This is one of the best games I ever played! nice graphics! sound effects and cool maps! it worth of buying!
,Recommended,219640,26283041,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,dark magician,"this is an awesome game (so far) and it's good that there are begginer servers. sometimes the game lags at the very start of a match which sucks, but other than that it's really good."
,Not Recommended,219640,24635773,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Tiger Man The Dojo Buster,"The combat has many flaws, the game reaches no actual point when you have to play with high-ranked players."
76561198044283657,Recommended,219640,26291381,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,electronegative,It is fun!
,Recommended,219640,26281743,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Atomic,Got my arm chopped off but it was just a Flesh Wound.
,Recommended,219640,19099506,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,PlayableNPC,Very good multiplayer.
76561198016377226,Not Recommended,219640,26325859,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ALlslayer,This is a nightmare of a game to play alone. You will constantly be bested by groups of people who are use to playing the game together. Also only 2 out of the 4 classes are used. The archer is used sometimes by more experienced players and the fast combat guy is NEVER used. This game was good for its time but now is simply not fun unless you have friends playing with you
,Not Recommended,219640,26321880,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Rudy Ravioli,"So far good game to play when you have no other games to play. Yet, I don't like the way of this game is. Yes, I did seen the review but it wasn't unexpected when I play myself. Harsh..."
76561198059654542,Not Recommended,219640,26321906,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Salomonn,"Сырое, забагованное фуфло."
,Recommended,219640,25899224,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Shadowchao121,Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198134843179,Recommended,219640,25910082,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mister Falls,"Gameplay is pretty fun, but the skins can get very annoying."
,Not Recommended,219640,25915412,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,yungrat711,"It stops being fun after level 15, you get thrown into the wild with all of the highlevel players who will beat you almost everytime. Theres also wierd swing glitches where you can get killed by someone even though they are not facing you.Entertaining every now and again if you just want to play with your friends or something, but its not a game i enjoy anymore.ps, dont expect to have a good time with unstable internet, either everyone will kick you from the server for having 130+ ping or it will be unplayable"
76561197990628377,Recommended,219640,25784098,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,You Enjoy Myself,Easily one of my favorite games. One of the best melee combat systems I've ever seen. Rivals Mount and Blades combat system.
76561198032210524,Recommended,219640,25815974,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,thedrowningman,"many hours of fun in this game, i hate the deadliest warriors show but the dlc is lots of fun also"
76561198031985581,Recommended,219640,25810172,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,BobaJob,"This game provides the user with the ability to chop people into pieces and laugh maniacally while doing so.Cannot overstate the satisfaction of chopping someones head off, dont listen to cry babies, you WILL enjoy this game.It may make you scream sometimes, then laugh, then scream again, then rub your hands like an eighties bond villain while laughing, then back to screaming again.Forget the cry babies - pick up a weapon and show everyone how you would have rocked the dark ages."
,Not Recommended,219640,23267218,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,MunkeyFlea,"This game is the jankiest, most broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ get stuck on a corner and break your spine to win game you'll ever play, but I just don't ever stop, because I guess I love having blood pressure spikes.Oh, and the community is always friendly."
,Recommended,219640,23370345,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Jack From Stat Farm,It's the most realistic game ever.
76561198062218845,Not Recommended,219640,10941257,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nf-ICP,I killed my ally with a sword and I feel bad about it.
76561198143598292,Recommended,219640,23159776,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Natasha,PROS:+ Really nice graphics+ Classes (I recommend vanguard for beginners)+ Game modes+ Fighting techniques+ Characters customizationCONS:- Leveling system9.3/10
76561198050656835,Not Recommended,219640,23088702,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dani Usagi,"knights are faster than archers and everyone had ballet classes, they spin while attacking in so many directions it's that i get lost sometimes. it's better if played with friends"
,Recommended,219640,23193363,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Rat King,♥♥♥♥in' addictive.. perfect and violent
76561198102804160,Recommended,219640,23300100,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ESSKEETIT,gud
76561198031994610,Recommended,219640,23300953,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,juxstapo,"Dumb fun. Has been around for awhile so there is an established hierarchy of skilled players annnd at first brush it isn't exactly ""accessible"".But! For something you can get into as deep as you like; as in you can pop in for the occasional quick, drunken match and it works fine for that. Or you can perfect advanced techniques for the various weapons (which are surprising in their technical breadth, esp. since at first brush everything seems to be limited to stab, whack, or shoot).I'd say snag it in a sale though."
,Recommended,219640,23301737,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Inimical,"This game is pretty cool.  It's a FPS, First person sword.  Really fun game, especially if you have a friend to play with.  Hack off limbs, who could ask for more?8/10"
,Recommended,219640,23295962,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Monster Milk,"The coding is rather awful, gui is clunky and nonresponsive, graphic optimization is half dayZ, latency of servers is mediocre.Gameplay? Outstanding. Swings have weight to them, parrying takes aim, timing, and skill.There are a decent few weapons, and four main classes to choose from. Most visuals are limited to coloration of your tabard, and further cost real money.An excellent game for the price, provided you have patience for the crummy gui and weird loading times."
76561198058200622,Not Recommended,219640,23298255,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Kamensky,"Great idea, terrible execution. Bad hit boxes, horrendous level construction where players frequently get suck, and aggravating mechanics."
,Recommended,219640,23302051,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,♕ El Hugo ♕,"Awsome game, personaly I think is is best played with friends although that is a personal opinion. 8/10"
76561198001149578,Recommended,219640,20814967,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Redrift,It is fun to play against bots every once in a while and just see the heads rolling (including your own).
,Recommended,219640,23148654,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Chairman Mao,Where decapitating heads is totally legal and adequately entertaining.
,Recommended,219640,2588573,"Posted: 14 November, 2012",all,[NBK] Paiman,Violence solves everything.
,Recommended,219640,23272794,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Tendie,protip: gang up on one guy in arena as he's dueling someone elsethe chivalry nerds get really rustledand you get memes in returnhow better could it get
76561198264071941,Recommended,219640,23243676,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Btheatomicat,"Despite of the: some maps lack of optimization based and the drag queens, it keeps being a great game a challege not as hard as dark souls, but hard enough to have 465 hrs in this and just understanding it,  that does not mean no fun you can perfectly have fun while you travel the roud of learning how to playPRO:*Its really fun. (did  i just say that already?)*its a challenge with good graphics and mecanics (no the game is not broken as many say)CONS:*the draggers ruin the idea of a sword fight making it look like a ballet interpretacion, not like a fight (sad for those who love realism)*if u dont have this three tings hell is waiting for you: first is a medim powerfull pc as i had said some maps are from the workshop so most  of this maps are poorly optimazed, also if your internet is a piace of s#$t, you will have extra work  cuase abobe the 100 ping you have to block earlyer to really parry if you parry a hit when you see it the most of the time it was 2 seconds ago thrown out and the third thing and the most important is patiense, if you want  a game where first time u paly and kill 7 and die 5 this is not like that, in this game who has more experience playing is who has the advantage, so if youre easyly mad with just dying this game might be in your ignore list. ( i must say that the comunity is quite nice so you wont have 10 guys writing you in the chat noob, get a life so be at peace with that)."
,Recommended,219640,23162359,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Bryan,"This game has an amazing combat system and goes on sale for very cheap, definitly worth a buy"
76561197998283282,Not Recommended,219640,16271822,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Yojimbo,"UPDATE: As of 6/6/16 Chivalry has almost COMPLETELY STOPPED WORKING for me.  There is some bug that crashes the game virtually every time I go into a server.  As this is a multiplayer game only, I can't recommend it until this is fixed.  I checked online and found nothing useful or concrete. I then uninstalled/reinstalled yet the problem persists.  Beware.Original Review:Fun game but not without it's frustrations.  It's a first person melee multiplayer game centered around typical game modes like team deathmatch and an objective based mode similar to Battlefield's Rush.  The combat is fun though somewhat  janky and clumsy.  Often times it comes down to swinging your sword and hoping for the best.  It's not so much that the game mechanic is broken as that even on the best servers there's a persistent lag that comes and goes making the best intentioned strategies just turn into a sh**show.  The maps are very well rendered, giving a feeling of dark age grit and grime.  The graphics overall are decent.  The running animation is laughably bad though.  It looks as if the characters have a ten pound load in their pants.One thing that seems to be a constant complaint among players is the team damage.  Expect to kill a lot teammates.  The message box is often filed with: ""sry"", ""sorry dude"", ""sorry bro, my bad"", etc.  They could have dialed it down slightly .  The option is there to stab and attack in a straight line, as opposed to a horizontal swing (which is the left mouse button default), but not too many people use it as it's slower than a normal attack.  Perplexing.That being said there is a good amount of fun to be had: running next to your teammates, screaming, then crashing into the enemy and watch limbs go flying.  The first time an arrow cleanly rips your head off will bring a smile to even the most jaded gamers' face.7/10 good but not great"
76561198068662058,Recommended,219640,6544955,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,{HR}Raroo,Best vote kick simulator ive seen.10/10 would see commie scum annihilated.
,Recommended,219640,25299089,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,OG Bootyeater,"This game is a must buy I give it a 8/10 its the first medieval game I bought on my account and I have not been let down this game is very, very fun, but not many game modes the developers update it pretty often so i'm not sure if it has a big future or not, but I have seen lots of people they have thousands of hours on this game that just shows how good of a buy it is myself personally got it on sale like 80% off 27.99 is quite a lot I'm surprised they have it at this price a lot more than it should be but yeah this game is a fantastic combat experience you can destroy noobs if you get good enough, this game allows you to play in 3rd person mode and 1st person mode so yeah, the weapons are cool they are all evenly based which I mean no weapons are too op they are all even and fair so nobody has the advantage every class has its pros and cons but yes this game is great would totally recommend buying."
,Recommended,219640,6650342,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,FAM,This is a really good game. Takes a while to get used to it though.
76561198050317031,Recommended,219640,20160963,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Fight-Flight-Falcon,Great Medival warfare game. Fun to play. Definitely give this a buy.
76561198017820191,Recommended,219640,3122684,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Jødelæggelsen,It’s okay. It has some cool mechanics and it's a refreshing and unique game that requires a lot of skill to master. I especially enjoyed the one vs. one duels. My main issue with the game though is that the game lacks depth.Other than that I’d definitely recommend anyone to give it a try if they’re looking for a fun online game to play with a friend.6/10
,Recommended,219640,30859886,Posted: 31 March,all,P0RT4L,Its a nice game
,Recommended,219640,8527433,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,eurae,"This game is a great medieval fighting experience.PROS+Immensly deep combat mechanics!+Great voice lines, some of them constantly make me smile.+Pretty nice plot.+Graphics are pretty good, especially with max settings on.+Large selection of weapon choices.NEUTRALWith the skill ceiling being extreme, there are those who can whoop you no matter what class you are, using intersting moves to flatten you quickly. I'm listing this as a neutral point because you can train to get up to that point, too. It's just offputting to new players.CONS-The vote kicking system is easily abused, meaning that if you're kicked with a (default) vote of 55% majority, you won't be able to rejoin anytime soon. Salt-based kicks are fairly common among new players.-The tutorial's kinda bugged; when you do the archer-training, a message on screen (Press R to Reload) stays on screen for the rest of the training, blocking out any other helpful text.-The Tutorial has some random people standing upside down, or sitting upsaide down. An oversight that made me laugh, but it breaks the flow of the tutorial.OVERALLI give this game a solid:8.5/10I implore you to get this game as soon as possible, it's a very fun experience!Thanks for reading."
76561198023751839,Recommended,219640,20105498,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Reaper,"First off, I pre-ordered the game for 80% off expecting an updated, graphically improved game boy was I wrong. This game looks like an early launch 360 title!The controls are god awful. So clunky and heavy your character always has a slow reaction and timing is everything.(Or luck). Sometimes I get stuck crouching or my Stamina bar doesn't refill it's got a lot of bugs.So whats left? It's actually a really fun game I've already clocked 100+ hours since I bought the game and can't get enough. This game has SO MUCH POTENTIAL! That's just plagued with issues. Tons of weapons, your char classes can be customized with a great amount of options. Tons of maps 25 or so and they are all well laid out. Game modes are fun as well.So if TornBanner made a sequel with well needed updated graphics, tighter controls(like a dark souls game) This would be absolutely a block buster! But its so outdated. There is a good satisfaction of chopping heads and limbs off that'll keep me entertained for now."
76561198091419716,Recommended,219640,17575690,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,iGetDatPuddy,Theres nothing better than running around screaming.Also you can kill people.
76561198087099661,Recommended,219640,19795046,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,DotDot,"i have played a moderate ammount.i was good at one point.i stopped playing(only because the internet dissapeared), and my skill went away.i started playing again(as i found the internet again), and got my butt wooped.will continue to have my butt wooped gladly.only grief....some of the people in the community will make you want to chop off their head with a claymore.resolution..............you can.Very enjoy this game. very.gg all."
76561198102465026,Recommended,219640,19758667,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Shadow303,Awesome game
,Recommended,219640,19786046,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ikeboy,"8/10If you are bored with your games and wanna bash someone's head in, get this!Highly recommended game for LAN partiesProsLots of servers, multiplayer community is very much alive.Objective mission maps extremely fun if you have a good teamMany ways of killing an enemy, dismember and beheading!Good variety of medieval weapons/classYou get free updates aside from DLCsConsNo coop campaign. This game would've been perfect if they had the budget to make a coop campaign."
76561198085611470,Recommended,219640,19793706,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tom,Vanguard asks for duelI acceptI get closeHe starts spinning like a mad mansuddenly my head is gone5/5 dueling
76561198140435102,Recommended,219640,19788765,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,savvym,"Good slashing and tactics fights, really tests your skills after getting over 15+ level. The game is simply brutal and not noob-friendly. You can also create maps, but I was not able to make one, only play modded maps, which are great."
,Not Recommended,219640,20143899,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dead,"It's fun for a while, If you have friends like 3+, I recommend this, YET!! If you do NOT have friends that have this game (Or have any friends period,) DO NOT BUY THIS, This will be VERY boring and ungodly annoying cause all people do after you get out of the ""noob servers"" It is cancer. Its litterly just having high DPI or sens and being able to keep a working space bar after bashing the living hell out of it when these ""pros"" JUST SWING LIKE A GODDAMN BALLERINA AND A ♥♥♥♥ING FOOL!!! DO NOT BUY THIS W/O FRIENDS OR ELSE YOUR MONEY IS USELESS! YOU WILL GET WAYYYYYYYYYY MORE FUN JUST BURNING IT (Which I really like burning things soooooooooooooo) NOT KIDDING DONT BUY HAVE YOUR MONEY SPENT ELSEWARE!"
76561198048278153,Recommended,219640,20172187,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Fluffy Bunny,much fun much gore thubs up
76561198103109173,Recommended,219640,20172487,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bandito Sandia,"Mechanics, Skill, Fun, Gory, DONE"
76561198007142965,Recommended,219640,20159550,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Rawbeard,Die by the Sword...and Axe...and Mace...and Spear...and Bow...and Arbalest...and Fist...and...
76561198090917417,Recommended,219640,20182717,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[Blitz]unfixingprawn,10/10 runs on my potato pc
,Recommended,219640,87235,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,[B0rt]Grimpleton,"Dumb stupid fun, especially with friends. Can be frustrating at times but when you lop off 3 dudes heads it's great."
76561198005107700,Recommended,219640,20133454,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Norwegian Potato,"This game is like Skyrim without guns, set in like, Skyrim times. You have a sword and can behead people and stuff. If you really like Skyrim, and think, I really like this game, except it should be like multiplayer and Call of Duty without guns, you should play Chivalry. It's like they combined Call of Duty and Skyrim and puked out some random♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10."
,Not Recommended,219640,28517933,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Aladdins Crumpet,"Great combat mechanics which would take a lot of learning. Unfortunately the game is dying and being in Australia there are only two community servers left, one is often empty and the other being one on one duels. Unless i want to play a fast paced combat game with 200+ ping i can't play. It's a shame that i didn't buy this game sooner. Another thing to point out is people exploiting the mechanics such as turning their back on you when starting an attack and turning to you while attacking because the hit box starts behind you so it does twice as much damage. I would definitely call that an exploit. For anyone in US or England you could probably still have a lot of fun with this game!"
,Recommended,219640,28500699,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Massey,Good clean fun for a polite Sunday afternoon play sesh after church...What am i talking about this game is brutal! Decapitate your friends and foes limbs with reckless abandon!And for $2.49 this is a bargain that even a filthy peasant like you could afford.Oh and don't be a archer no one likes archers.
,Recommended,219640,28500702,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,XNyst,Good Game
,Recommended,219640,6737313,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,lykourgos,VERILYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
,Recommended,219640,28520733,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Takua343,Scream like an absolute madman: the game
76561198053865254,Recommended,219640,28520889,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Biggs Darklighter,Want to run in there with a battleaxe swinging? You can!Want to run in there with a Flail swining? You can!Want to run in there against 50 enemy players charging you? You can!
76561198061970718,Recommended,219640,28514869,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MadsTheGamer CsgoGem.com,I apsolutly reccomend this game. (More when it has 90% Off price) ;)Awesome game. 9/10
,Recommended,219640,28514982,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Belphegor,"This is PVK's (pirates vikings and knights) big brother. Awesome combat, awesome graphics and awesome maps.Only 3 things kick the game down a little:1. Weapon and armor skins are in-game transactions. After you pay 23 for the game i think skins should be progresive unlockables.2. It would be easier of you can copy a layout from one class to another.3. AIs are braindead on some maps and/or game types. They seem to stay in the spawn room and do nothing or just mosh pit."
76561198322436775,Recommended,219640,28497126,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ToB,"amazing game, its alot of fun. one suggestion for the developers, please relese a star wars dlc or update, that would be amazing"
76561198061402059,Recommended,219640,27877778,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sir Crocodile.,It's a good game funny and i bought for cheap at 3$ around that but there is a big thing bothering me it's... Low levels playing outside servers meant for low level. You want to play with the big boys I get it but if you don't know the rules of the big boys servers just don't come. For exemple if I give you a little kick you don't have to team kill me like a brain dead idiot.
76561198272830690,Recommended,219640,28532338,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Winston,Poruka je jasna: OBRI MI MUUDAAAAAA
,Recommended,219640,28503374,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ghostburger,♥♥♥♥ing Awesome and $2.50 on sale best deal ever to be seem by the human eye
76561198080275453,Not Recommended,219640,28496012,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Giggles,Not worth it unless you want to fight attack helicopters. The players that tend to do the best are the ones that exploit swings and make it to where a normal player is unable to fight. I wanted to play a real combat game not fight attack helicopters.
,Recommended,219640,28417342,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Loona,best game everarm choppinghead choppingleg chopping10/10
,Not Recommended,219640,28471041,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,(....),"I don't know when they patched this game to utterly change the UI, customization (hello mini-transaction cosmetic bullcrap!) and combat systen... but this game used to be a blast. Fortunately I got my money's worth before they screwed it up so badly. Nowadays... stay away. Sorry you missed the golden era."
,Recommended,219640,28330932,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Bad Influence,If you answer yes to any of these questions this is the game for you!Do you like to kill people?Do you like to get killed by your team?Do you like to get killed by the enemy team?Do you like to get beheaded?Do you like to have your arms chopped off?Do you like to be a jerk?Do you like funny voices?Do you like medieval combat?Have you given up on life?If you did answer yes to any of these then buy this game this instant!
76561198044284155,Recommended,219640,28336367,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Alchemist,"This game is such an epic massive multiplayer experience. While it takes some skill, it isn't too difficult to learn. I have played for 29 hours and consider myself quite decent. There are multiple game modes and things that make this incredibly fun no matter what. Definitely recommend."
76561198321903128,Recommended,219640,28414460,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Tactical BananaYT,Intinse!!! It is AMAZING YOU SHOULD GET IT
76561198055181751,Recommended,219640,18530106,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Soon™,people are writting bad reviews so i don't recommend itEdit 1: this game is great
,Recommended,219640,28416327,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,[सुन] Jashfuk👌,Very fun and intertaining game Keeps you active and very challenging
,Recommended,219640,28402074,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Valhalla,"Very Fun game, Hectic, Lots of team killing but fun all around"
,Recommended,219640,28405381,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,NUK3D,GREAT. Cuttin' em' limbs off is o' much un'!
76561198030001740,Recommended,219640,28315353,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,tzeng0523,"Good Game, very worth buying this gameOnly a little drawback .... the color of clothes of the two fraction are somtimes too similar, especially the blood inked on the blue ones"
,Not Recommended,219640,28314137,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Scoots_Mcgoots,"No active US team-objective servers on a Sunday afternoon.  So, if you're okay with 100-200 ping while playing in the US and connecting to EU servers, its a really fun time.  Gameplay is really fun, but like I said no active US community."
76561198047657556,Not Recommended,219640,28317612,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,GuiltyPanda,"If you dont like getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by a glitchy, unfun, overpriced piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥they call a ""game"", then DO NOT BUY CHIVALRY. You will get killed in 2v1's everytime, because no one ever fights fair or you just get hit in the back."
76561198060870160,Not Recommended,219640,28318194,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mr.Tonguesoff(ChrisHandsome),"Chivairy:Only Four stupid classesArchers are bad. ""omg stop cmaping and stealing my kills""♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations.Mods the only good thing.expensive crappy cosmedicsTerrible button layout.Almost all weapons locked behind a super bad level grinding experince.Bad game.Age of Chivalry: Half Life 2 modA good amount of classes.Mods.all weapons are unlocked.Lots of mods for maps and sounds.Not a toxic ""comuitity""But its Dead.Good game 10x times better than this crap."
,Recommended,219640,28549352,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Commissar Demitry,If you like Monty Python - Buy this you ♥♥♥♥If don't like Monty Python - ♥♥♥♥ off you ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,28551005,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Serious Seriously Sam,"Kicked a guy off a cliff and his body got destroyed by the rocks at the bottom.100/10 Best Medieval Sim EverBut in all seriousness, I don't know what people are complaining about. This a damn good game and I have it also on PS4. I learned quite quickly from the tutorial and played lots of free for all. Good times. You guys should get it. Will talk more when I have more hours."
,Recommended,219640,28575715,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,The Question,"A relatively good fun game. Personally I wouldn't pay the full price for this game but if it's on sale it's definately worth buying.The community can be toxic at times like any other multiplayer game. You will meet some great people in random servers though. Especially the role players who truly become the knight that they play as.One major thing to note is the dlc for this game. DO NOT BUY IT. The dlc plays more like a bootleg version of this game. In ""deadliest warriors"" five teams are pitted against each other in team deathmatch based battles. Samurais, Pirates, Romans, Vikings and Ninjas. During this match you will be forced to face extreme framerate drops that are unseen in the main game and a very unbalanced team selection with one team always being the perfect counter to another."
,Recommended,219640,1903333,"Posted: 14 November, 2012",all,Partario,It's like Mount and Blade with more teamkilling
76561198050263083,Recommended,219640,28171675,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,THE PWNER,"Chivalry is a tough hardcore game that has simple mechanics that can be mastered if enough time is devoted to the game itself. I personally have had this game for a long time and had a grand time with it as you cut off the limbs of your opponents or perform simply epic moves. The gameplay itself can be addicting one picked up and every class has different sort of play styles that fit to a given player. There is a large learning curve to this game and I found it at first difficult to pick up on, yet with enough practice one can be a fair player in the game. Graphics are fine and can be somewhat immersive at times. Community in chivarly is a bit hard on new players and those that do ANY team damage at all upon friendly allies (friendly fire is on). I would onbly reccomend this game to those who seek a tough game that requires skill and mastery. Overall, I give Chivarly 9/10 Filthy Peasents"
76561198249959468,Recommended,219640,28212293,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,jriedel,pretty fun
,Recommended,219640,28222265,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,LucasWyrm,Nice Multiplayer :)
76561198014675350,Recommended,219640,2925323,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,IceMuncher981,Badass game.
76561198067308480,Recommended,219640,28220741,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Noice Feet,"You can smash other people's heads, chop their limbs off, scream at your enemies and desecrate their corpses. All in one game with knights and big ♥♥♥♥ing weapons.Perfect game for every 5 year old."
,Recommended,219640,28177028,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Hello,"this sucks lmao, recommended"
,Not Recommended,219640,28195952,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,cyanide_headache,"I like almost everything about the game except for the system is based on Pings, and they need to align quite closely among players to make the game-play fair.There is no system to keep those with insanely high pings out of a local server, and they ruin the game.The Devs acknowledge the need for aligned pings and even publish a guide on how to set/configure. No one does, and games are therefore unfair.  If the Devs could find a way to limit server-entry by ping, it would be a superb game.As it is, it is pretty darn good, but so unfair most of the time that I cannot suggest it to newer players.If it is on sale (and sales are pretty common) then go for it!  I truly like the game, I just dislike that one key point enough to not be able to suggest it."
,Recommended,219640,1974522,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Gray,Really fun game. I love cutting peoples limbs off and seeing them squirm.
,Recommended,219640,7647733,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,vap_taiwan#1,"So much fun with friends + dedicated server files (easy to set up), THUMBS UP!BEST GAME EVER!my fav <3"
,Recommended,219640,301707,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,edk,.
,Recommended,219640,13573919,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,MedievalSwagger,Good
,Recommended,219640,18297809,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Mara Jadewind,"Thy foe is thy foe,w'rst still thy clansman is thy greatest foe amongst all.A game whence art mattereth.Pick up thy bodkin and axe and fighteth f'r thy life; clansman.F'r the king !!!!I can speaketh meddleth English aft'r this game."
,Recommended,219640,23904417,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,CoCo,-Met a guy called Aeryss Targaryen-Teamed with him-Began to burn me-I stabbed him in the back10/10 would become Kingslayer againalso the games pretty good I guess.
76561198034126797,Recommended,219640,8681841,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Twomd,FFFFOOWWEERR THHEEE OOORRRRDDUUURR
,Recommended,219640,23855997,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,silent,i hate this game its horrible the mechanics suck the gameplay sucks the combat is clunky.9/10 :)
,Recommended,219640,783693,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,[dib]Priest,Good pick up and play to kill a few minutes.  The kills are very fullfilling!
76561198043311645,Recommended,219640,23614830,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,-Angelhorns,Takes some time to learn the game mechanics but when you do the game becomes really entertaining.  Worth the money in my opinion.
,Recommended,219640,30797225,Posted: 28 March,all,West,Good game
,Not Recommended,219640,10172712,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Sorrow,games ok kinda fun to many glitchs and trolls and mechanic abusters to play this game legilty
,Not Recommended,219640,594127,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Praimfiya,"Back in the 2013 I reviewed the game as positive, because it was cheap and one of the kind slasher. Back then there were alot of servers with locked 1st person view, but most of these servers are dead, and the game in 3rd person calls for the game abusers.Now the game is free, so it will be happy hunting season for the old timer pro community who has risen in the game. The game was fun back in the 2013 as there almost were no revers overhead pro's and delay fastforward attack players. The game is still fun if you play the hord mode or play against players who have other life then learning to be a ballerina.Also it is 2017 there are new slahsers on the horizon (Mordhau)."
76561198252110630,Recommended,219640,20306728,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,EngardGaming,"Chivaly: Medieval Warfare is a very good game as far as I am concerned, I do not have the best computer but I am still able to run it, for this game it really is all about timing the blows and if you mess up it's death, so if the game lags it's not going to be a fun time. But you should have a good time as long as you have a good loby."
,Recommended,219640,20352049,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,T H I E F,Chop some limbsGet teamkilledRepeat
76561198024229419,Recommended,219640,20373454,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Times Change,.
76561198080810916,Recommended,219640,20374290,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Spartanid0™,"Awesome game. Love the skill you need you need to play this game in order to win. Hate the low customization options for it is all pay to customize. Otherwise, awesome game to have fun with.Not worth 22e+"
76561198138427970,Recommended,219640,20351124,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Goku [GameTame.com],Great game !
,Recommended,219640,20358998,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Eagle,Heads
,Recommended,219640,20386717,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Beanz,I spent the first 10 hours of the game laughing.  Then I hit level 16 and it wasn't funny anymore.
,Recommended,219640,26068164,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,R1n - EZTRADE.GG,noice game
76561198215795617,Recommended,219640,26068299,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mark.I,FOR THE EMPIRE !!!!!! HEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!FOR THE ORDER !!!!!!!!!! HAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198128300180,Recommended,219640,26070355,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Oneburger,very nice game to play with friends even now in 2016
76561198105516154,Recommended,219640,26070446,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Gaff3r1976,Good Game But Can You Add Co-op So People Can Play with there friends without the Servers
,Recommended,219640,17762137,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Guuman Moj,"One of my favorite games. The combat system is my all-time favorite and I often find myself saying to my friends ""Wow imagine *said game* but with the Combat system of Chivalry!"". Don't get me wrong, the game isn't perfect, as of late the game has a tendancy to crash which can be annoying. But when you get online with some good friends and play in a server with each other, brilliant. Some of my best memories of gaming, thanks Torn Banner!"
76561198093898838,Recommended,219640,26065834,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,GGeasy pubg.plus,ТАП ИГРА ИН ЗЕ ВИРЛД!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198286119202,Recommended,219640,26106596,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,tremerz9976,its extremely entertaining and amazing and deserves a recommendation
,Recommended,219640,26106864,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Bork,"This game is my first medieval game and I am enjoying it so far, however I don't know if it's worth $24.99 because I bought it on sale for $2.49. If it is on sale then I would recommend to buy it."
76561198295922647,Recommended,219640,26105599,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Kevthemanxx,"Very fun, Money worth spent"
,Not Recommended,219640,26103730,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,VanValdenburg,"Great game with awesome combat. I come from Darkfall New Dawn which basically got the same combat style but is a full MMO currently in development. So it's great to have a round based game that is similar.In case you want to check out DnD, i can really recommend it if you like the chivalry combat:https://darkfallnewdawn.com/ONLY REASON I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT is because in late game people are abusing the game mechanic to whirl around while hitting, making it near impossible to block because there is no indication on when to block."
76561198197877678,Recommended,219640,26136482,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Cahzinar,"Some of the mechanics are weird. I will some times aim for the ankles but the enemy will dodge and this some how causes the attack to miss, The hitbox should be fixed. Overall the game is pretty good but feels like its in beta."
,Recommended,219640,16388065,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SmuggleDrugs,THIS GAME IS AWSOME !!!!!!!!!!!      I love how many cool interesting workshop items you can find. step 1 buy the game step 2 playit step 3 LOVE it
76561198006909683,Recommended,219640,2407811,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Simon,They buffed archery so now the game sucks♥♥♥♥♥because its just like cod.....
,Recommended,219640,16388936,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Killer Senpai,Very good
76561197980241343,Recommended,219640,24867673,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
76561198091704547,Recommended,219640,24834256,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Jax,Amazing
,Recommended,219640,24812284,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ImperialTrap,Very good game
76561198041592616,Not Recommended,219640,24862390,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Murphy's Law,"Well well... How could man describe the game...It was a good idea, an incredible concept.And then, devs got lost on the way.Typical Chivalry stuff you will see every single game:One guy with a short sword is surrounded by 10 others with helbards. Not only will he manage to parry every single hit, but he will kill them all in a whirlwind, because ♥♥♥♥ logic, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sword with a 0.9m blade kills at 3 m distance.Armed with your crossbow, you will land 4 quarrels in the head of an ennemy archer (of course a ""high level player""). He will not die. Then simultaneously, he will kill your king with his knife from 10 m distance, and kill you by an arrow in the foot with the basic bow. Or the other way round, while your projectiles will hit invariably the wall, projectiles from other, ""more experienced"" players, will go through : a wooden palissade, a fortress wall, and then your shield. Killing you in one blow, even though you took the most bulky class in the game.Or at last, when you will be on the verge of giving up, one guy will run toward you. Your polearm will be too short to reach him (only 4m long, indeed). He will hit you at the same time, with his hammer, killing you instantly while parrying an arrow with his bare other hand and jumping over a catapult. No, not a warhammer, 2 handed, lengthy and long of reach. A small hammer, like the one you have in your workshop and you are tempted to smash the game's CD with, had this game a physical support.This game is not worth any penny. The physics suck. The weapons are unbalanced.The gameplay is actually based on flaws of the game design.The community is highly toxic.I really liked the concept, I really wanted it to work. But really, guys, the game is not even half finished.Which results in one of the most incoherent and unpleasant gaming experience I have had so far.Definitely, avoid to spend money on it. Pass your way, go for something else.You will feel frustrated and disgusted every single time you even try to play this game."
76561198079189050,Recommended,219640,24767905,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Cylur,turnips.
76561198151406705,Recommended,219640,24765034,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Derk,Very good game very fun Gud gam stab simulation
76561197963674701,Recommended,219640,24765142,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,BeigeAlert,"First Impressions: At first, this appears to be a chaotic mess of a game, with armored men charging at each other's flanks and hacking eachother to death with giant swords. It felt very loose, and senselessly challenging.My Three Hours: I spent my three hours with the game playing multiplayer on public servers with strangers. I also spent a lot of that time very sweaty from moving, and increasingly tipsy from cheap wine. With that said, my opinion of the game rose considerably during my time with it.Most of the game consists of team or free for all multiplayer melees, using Medieval arms and armor. This is a challenging game to master, as there are many different ways to attack and parry based on movement and a number of alternate attacks.However, in spite of the possibility of complex, dance-like melees of feints, parries and counter attacks, the most effective strategy is often to flank an opponent and hit them a bunch with a sword. (This was what I tended to do).Reach and weapon speed also matter quite a bit, so my alternate favorite strategy became running in very close, then engaging with a dagger at a range where my opponents had trouble hitting me with a sword or spear.My highlight: Playing at 1 or 2 am, running around with a spear, listening to Hamilton and playing as a mean spirited opportunist, but imagining myself to be a dashing and brave knight while I stabbed people in the side with a spear.The verdict: This is a fairly dumb, fun game with a deep and well thought out approach to melee combat, which typically falls away in the face of armored men cutting eachother in half with claymores from behind or the flanks.It's a great silly use of time, and worth purchasing if you see it deeply discounted on a steam sale."
,Recommended,219640,22823430,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,DG,this sh##s pretty coo
76561198045285245,Recommended,219640,22839059,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ellipse,"You can scream at people, pretty sure I played it twice, apparently it's on the ps4 n stuff now too, so that's nice."
,Recommended,219640,20927083,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,XANAX,"I like this game bat is not so funny , but I like it"
,Recommended,219640,22933621,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Lubuntu,"This game is pretty fun. It takes a lot of skill, so it can be pretty hard for new people."
76561198114801572,Recommended,219640,22925163,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Jvggy X Legend,The graphics😌😌
76561198041175804,Recommended,219640,10209846,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Let's Get Hyena,♥♥♥♥ you
76561198065064829,Recommended,219640,22951978,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Arachno,"Amazing game, its come so far and you'll definitely get your moneys worth and more!"
,Recommended,219640,22956401,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Signals,"I've played Chivalry games since the days of Age of Chivalry, the old mod, where I was also a beta tester.This game has come really far, as is expected, since it's now a full release.It's kind of hard to master, and a lot of the harcore veteran players will mess you up like Sandor Clegane messes up filthy peasants. Luckily this game caters to both experienced players looking for a challenge (you'll find most of them in the duel servers) and people that just want to skewer somebody on a brandistock or mash heads with a giant hammer.This is in many ways a difficult game, and you should be aware of the learning curve when picking it up. It's tons of fun to play with friends, and mastering it feels really good.It's totaly worth it's pricetag, but if you're unsure, wait for a free weekend or sale."
76561198104166121,Not Recommended,219640,22320694,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Vincent,Microtransactions.....
76561198128736278,Recommended,219640,22321729,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,BadReceipt,Wonderful Fluid gameplay and with friends it gets even better combat is spot on!
,Recommended,219640,22453913,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Folleri,Unreal engine....
,Recommended,219640,22414668,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,d.va,For the Order!
,Recommended,219640,12960569,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,:],in my first game i was beheaded and dead for 2 min while some red guy ran around the map looking for the blue guy. fun game play <33/4
76561198100736332,Recommended,219640,22382411,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,✠ Blitz Todkrieg ✠,Do you like to scream? Do you like to make peoples heads fall of? well then you vame to the right place to a fun medival warfare game 8/10
76561198131785068,Recommended,219640,22377391,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,"BLooDGeeK""HoBo""",LoL
,Recommended,219640,22380342,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Rapture,"Very fun combat and overall good game, but as with most games not very popular in Australia :("
,Recommended,219640,18877712,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Flower Boi,BWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGG
76561198134762851,Recommended,219640,22399236,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,sillyninja65,"overall pretty good, but in some cases extremly annoying, like you go to click or kick and nothing happens almost like you have no control.great with friends 7/10"
,Recommended,219640,22401569,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,[MVG] DeadShot,"It's a great game imo, a few bugs in it and people occasionally bypass blocks n stuff but on the whole the game is a good melee combat simulator. I have to say buy this for a taster of what Medieval really is about, it's got good game modes such as Team Deathmatch, Free For All, Team Objective etc and many more. One thing I only hate about this game is that theirs only certain weapons & armor free, the rest you have to buy with real money, it's not that expensive but still it all adds up in the end."
,Recommended,219640,807894,"Posted: 24 October, 2012",all,Bennygood,funny as hell
76561198072007241,Not Recommended,219640,22414382,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,AveMe,It's exploit helicopter simulator... With most toxic community in the world.Devs don't even care.
,Recommended,219640,22413514,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Krampus ツ,Best Medieval Game Ever ! :)
76561198080466415,Recommended,219640,22770692,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,wazurd,great game
,Recommended,219640,22219208,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,C Y B E R N Δ Z I,Hi
,Recommended,219640,18574368,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,GrayDaKing | Trade.tf,game is awesome
,Recommended,219640,6351361,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,Tome,GG
76561198082462516,Recommended,219640,7008673,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,gardien des flandres,vive la boucherie et attention au fleches kiss
76561198078414945,Recommended,219640,22868958,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Slayan,"Such a fun game! Just play some objective games and have fun in the chaos for a bit. If you ever get bored, there are TONS of awesome mod servers all over the place.10/10 for Jedi fight night server"
,Recommended,219640,22849583,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BSG_APOLLO_,best game of thrones simulator ever
,Recommended,219640,22864426,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Alfafa,"Great game, really fun to play with your mates, amazing. Apart from the fact that when you reach Rank 16 you go straight to normal servers with advanced players. I loved playing the game with my mate on low rank servers, as everyone was at the same level as us. Now me and my friend are unable to play with each other, and wehn we cant, it ain't fun. It just goes straight from Rookie to Veteran in a matter of minutes, on normal servers, it's impossible to play and have fun, as players, like myself, aren't skilled enough as the players on there. Other than that, great game but I wish this could be changed by adding Semmi-Pro servers, then gradually making it's way up the chain. Buy this game becuase it's great but this needs to change."
76561198057488634,Not Recommended,219640,17800284,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,BlankFool99,"i love this game but the community is terrible with the exploits, and the devs back them up and say its part of the ""mechanics"" of the game. Not only that but they are truly toxic as everyone says they are."
,Recommended,219640,22860635,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,catking03,fun is the word...fun
76561198193408803,Recommended,219640,22846504,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Solid Rufus,"If you like gore and of course medival warfare, you will love this game. Sounds crazy, but it makes fun to see your enemies splittin' of in parts and all the blood... It's just great."
76561198017796238,Recommended,219640,22854054,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Soros001,This is a great game but the community in it sucks dogs balls. They will kick you from a game for not knowing how to play as well as they do. Plus there seems to be no communication as to what you're doing wrong before they kick. I would love to learn how to play this game properly but it seems like the people who already play it are worse than LOL players.
76561198197238625,Recommended,219640,22886769,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,F A B R I X ︻芫═──,"Awesome Game, it has all the details a medieval first person game has to hvae, it has gore, blood and awesome fighting teqniques everybody can see."
,Recommended,219640,22754340,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,redtail,"You can murder people in very cool ways, sick game"
,Recommended,219640,22741059,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Nio Chow™,"I am like one of the three muskateers in this game, don't mess with me."
,Not Recommended,219640,22741214,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,i want to die,Im♥♥♥♥♥♥at this game0/10
,Recommended,219640,21811910,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Trollazord,Chop off people's heads and arms.
76561198033984598,Recommended,219640,18039309,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Animono,Rating: 7/10
76561198081968922,Recommended,219640,17241977,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Spooky Bunkinstan,great game filled with gore action and strategy.I do reccomend this. also this game fits in a lot with lord of the rings  or game of thrones
,Recommended,219640,5199362,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,K4tana,A lot mindless a fun a bit repetitive but fun nonetheless if you like fps and love melee combat like cs (conter strike) knife fights this is the game for you my freind !!
76561198043569604,Recommended,219640,4941049,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Night Oni of Artorias,Esse Jogo é o ultimo nível em experiencia de combates medievais!!!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,219640,9641523,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Knightsabez,"Nothing beats slaying people while blasting folk metal. Once you get the hang of it it's super awesome, better than any call of duty game. The deadliest warrios pack is also very good, it helped me get into the game since i think the regular chivalry is harder than deadliest warrios. If you already plan to buy this game, you should buy the expansion. Only, it would have been amazing with a campaign, since the combat is so awesome, an epic campaign would be awesome. Maybe a long one to the regular chivalry and campains set in the time period and the places for the deadliest warriors expansion. The only thing i dont like about this game is that it is a little miss balanced, if you are a pirate in the deadliest expansion pack, you can just fire your gun all the time. And more customization of your character would also be cool.  But overall a great game. 8,5/10"
,Recommended,219640,22836268,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Skeleton,Dost thou insist to feel the earth with vicious qualities! Your wife is a hobby horse!
76561198061986199,Recommended,219640,22884174,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Ya Boi,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,219640,22896456,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Guide,good game!!
76561198169505590,Recommended,219640,22902435,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ser Godflesh,"Love this game. It's like a medieval COD.My only complaint is that there is no single player story lines.""BEWARE, THE LION ROOOOARS!"""
76561198062292065,Recommended,219640,15734845,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,zaika,"One of the few games who perfectly captures what sword fighting should look like, skyrim I'm looking at you.10/10"
,Recommended,219640,22711615,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,north,"YES YES YES! Finally (although this game is 4 years old) a fun, competitive, hilariously brutal game that you CAN play casually.Chivalry is a sword and board TDM game that pits two factions against each other - Agatha Knights and Mason Order - in team oriented battle / objectives. Most of the objectives are 'capture this point' 'defend this guy' 'knock down this door' and offer limited to no change in the game-play. After choosing your faction you get to pick between a few classes whose specialties vary from bows, 2-handers, agility to sword and shield.Personally I love that this game isn't as soul-crushing as CS:GO, WOW, RL, Diablo, Halo/COD or any other games you see people investing thousands of hours in. It's fun, not addicting. Of the countless hours I've invested in FPS games I can easily say that the happiest I've been in them, is outmatched by the glee I feel from Chivalry when I run into battle with a two handed polehammer and smash someones head into pieces.As a side-note the game also allows you to choose from 1st or 3rd person.10/10especially those looking for a break from games that cause them to hate themselves."
76561198038518429,Recommended,219640,22713860,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,SnowDragon,"The game's mechanic was built to be abused and to play around with. Without it the game would simply just be a stanima war. There is literally not enough content in how you fight to have any kind of skill so the only way that stops the stanima wars is these spinning things. I will mention that its not even hard to do them, and the best way not to get hit by them is backing up.Built for fun, not for realism."
,Recommended,219640,22728258,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sir Gatz,Fix the game before you add skins. Still recommending.
,Recommended,219640,22732411,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Skinjob,"Chivalry is really cool.I've been playing a very long time, for short bursts.Here's a tip- Don't attack the level 50's.That's what they want. Run away spamming taunt. You can never lose running away spamming taunt.If you are level 50, please, give me some lessons."
,Recommended,219640,16240678,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,weldcatpilot,More fight..
,Not Recommended,219640,12285095,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,MountainJew .͜.,Can't play in windowless bordered. Game crashes and you can't alt tab. This game literally ruins your ♥♥♥♥ing computer if you alt tab or if you open steam overlay.
76561198094731742,Recommended,219640,22735496,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Someday Came Suddenly,"A lot of fun, and even better with friends. Community is also pretty good from what I have seen."
76561198139022428,Recommended,219640,22777848,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MiniMarko,Over all a great gem in the gaming industry it does have avrage graphics but it has great first person sword combat and it does it perfectly
,Recommended,219640,22763530,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,TrivialTeabag,"It's ok I guess, but the community is comprised of salty, whining, mechanic exploiting, votekick abusing, server hogging, rank boosting crybabies. Most of which will resort to whatever cheap and unrealistic tricks they can to get a quick kill, under the guise of skill.This game is anything but its name.10/10"
76561197971239824,Recommended,219640,504096,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,DeatH,LOL
,Recommended,219640,16521631,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Billy,"Great game ,the only things that you can hear are awrrrrrrrr , AAAAAAA ,and many others,have fun bois."
76561198151665673,Not Recommended,219640,22801065,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,iliaskopelitis_98,"Started it in an afternoun without knowing completely whats this game is about,i had a blast,i was playing 7 hours straight and couldnt wait for the next day to come in order to play it again,when i woke up in the morning and started playing it again after an hour i realised thats the whole game,play with 4 classes(archers are WAY TOO clumsy and weak in comparison with the other classes making impossible to compete) that have a limited number of weapons in my opinion,only 5 game modes so far,i like the maps,the customization is limited,after all i concluded its CoD with swordsIt gets so much boring after a few hours playing itDefinetely not worth 23 euros"
,Not Recommended,219640,19464018,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Ma'Vi Yboct,"Ok soo ı loved the consept and i loved the gameplay. This game was made for 1v1 duels i was having ton of fun with my friend...But everything changed when the fire nation attackedWhen my friends were off ı went to a duel server to play some but there was something wrong.People were spinning around and hitting much more faster with no animation.Soo you couldnt hit them and they could hit you.Later ı learned that ıts called ""Rainbow Attacks"" and ı hated it.It is soo annoying to play aganist and its not fun doing it.You just spin around like a crazy stoner.In conculution if you want a great medival combat game ,this game is not for you...for now do if devs will fix the ""Rainbowing"" ıt will be a great game but again, chiv's devs are too bad. The only reason this game is not top of the list at the most played is rainbowing."
,Recommended,219640,22987443,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,thepapapanda,Great medieval game
,Recommended,219640,20917682,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,KimFintas,"Nicely done, great gameplay and engine"
,Recommended,219640,15569850,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Lo,8/10
,Recommended,219640,20942202,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Jumbuliar,"I definately recommend the game its alot of fun. However best players in game tend to go to the defending side everytime because you can more easily kill people that are pushing a wagon etc. In the end objectives get completed last minute because everyone is acting like its a tdm until they realize times almost up. Stay with your team most of all is my advice don't wander off like your Chuck Norris.Just one complaint is the stamina bar.The stamina bar for knights or vanguards carrying these very heavy weapons seems like it was intended. For example knights with a sledge (that looks like it weighs 50lb!) can whip that thing around for a lonnnnnngggg  time. For Christs sake they can even drag with it (dragging means to make weapon swing faster or slower). It seems like these big weapons should swing a little slower or drain more stamina. Bascially a player thats good with a sledge is like superman on the battlefield swinging a  3 times bigger hammer than thor probly with the same weight around lol. The swordsmen instead have the same stamina and weigh 3 times less. Swordsmen are supposed to be at least 2 or 3 times quicker but not in this game. All that armor and being able to function like a swordsman is like twilight zone weird to me.For the non believersGo to your local knight apparell store and purchase some knight armor that could weigh anywhere from 60-100lbs.Ok now try to run wearing that and see if you can beat your friend who has no armor in a race!Second testGo back to the store and grab the biggest sledge you can find, maybe the biggest 20lbs at menards or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ Keep in mind the games hammer weighs a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton more! Now give your friend a standard medevial sword doesn't have to be special, new, clean, or whatever. Go outside and start swinging to the death! Notice that your friend sees you pick up sledge an swing from 10 miles away because? you guessed it, its heavy as ♥♥♥♥! One swing your friend backs up and swings left to right and your liver and other important organs seep down your legs. This is what any normal person with a hammer would do. Drop the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapon and run for the mother ♥♥♥♥ing hills!!!!!!"
,Recommended,219640,14043161,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Dr. Data,"Fun game, takes me back to medieval times gore fights. Hahaha!"
,Not Recommended,219640,2312652,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,sin0fchaos162,"Had to change my review. After coming back to this game after a long break, I realize how unrealistic the combat is. You'll have people who argue that dragging and spinning are legit attacks now and then you'll have people like me. People who are still new to the game, who play like it's supposed to be played. I would not recommend geting this game.  You'll just end up getting owned a lot by people who make their character models do all sort of funky movements just to get speed bonuses on their attacks. I honestly am considering going back to War of the Roses. Even that has combat and movement more believable than this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219640,13688674,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Rain,Ogrelord approves.
76561198065143701,Recommended,219640,6385150,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,SUGAR BARON,Play that !
76561198081993304,Recommended,219640,19915074,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,BurtyBowlCut,GREAT GAME ID R8 8/8 M8
,Recommended,219640,19918303,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,botbum,Pretty fun.Mouse dragging ninja jedi bull♥♥♥♥♥♥is a problem.
76561198046399034,Recommended,219640,19917000,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,MLG Princess,"I completely reccomend this great game. If you are looking for an amazing midevil sword and board game, then this is for you. 10/10 clean UI. Worth the couple bucks, pick it up, have it in your steam library ready to play. You will not regret this purchase, and you will find yourself quiting that 15$ a month MMO you so enjoy playing. Do yourself the favor, spend less money on that monthly sub and find yourself engaged in the midevil warfare."
,Recommended,219640,19954786,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,(Joe))DrDoomLordHawkServers.co,I RECCOMEND SO MUCH
,Not Recommended,219640,19991361,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,33SSNEAKS,"The game community is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Well, no comms is ♥♥♥♥♥ier than DOTA's but since the game could kick vote people and since it goes sale quite often, good luck playing with pubs. Not to mention it has paid customization. I really do not recommend this game, except if you're offense-proof. Also 25 bucks for this old game? really, you could buy like, 25 bucks thing, idk. Maybe immortals or couriers or something."
76561198147554112,Recommended,219640,19993362,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Varion,Probably the most solid medieval simulation you will ever play. 10/10
,Recommended,219640,2951565,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,[E-NET] [T.A] Keyseikurai [-m],"Dans ce jeu vous avez le choix entre deux équipes adverses (l'ordre de Manson et les chevaliers) et différentes classes,de l'archer discret,armure légère;au conquérant,grosses armes,en passant par deux autres classes intermediaires chevalier(armure lourde) et le combattant (la plus ""légère"" classe en mélée) tout en vous trouvant dans un univers médieval pour ceux qui jouent à team fortress 2,si vous essayez ce jeu,ça vous y fera penser. Je recommande ce jeu à tous le monde,et plus encore à ceux qui aiment le médieval et/ou le fait de jouer en ligne avec d'autres joueurs."
76561198025435790,Recommended,219640,3633664,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,Lunatic,"Best Melee system, awesome looking and sounding. no reason not to play it"
76561198136582265,Recommended,219640,19986213,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TapRackBang,Buy it so I can destroy you.
76561198079441732,Recommended,219640,19977397,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Soviet Milkman™,love it and really love the deadlist warrior
,Recommended,219640,8413658,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Big Luu,"Jump in and instantly enjoy; a game that's fun for all the family! If, like me, you're appreciative of blood and guts; you'll get some great laughs from this game. It's multiplayer only, and based around melee combat, with a hint of ranged warfare from archers and medieval artillery. At risk of discrediting the game's quality, I would say that it is like a medieval Call of Duty. Unfortunately, it draws a similar community for that very reason. Even so, there are a majority of less intellectually challenged players, and who are looking purely for a good time. The game offers the opportunity for great creativity in your manic violence, and finding like-minded brutes leads you into to the best fun that games have to offer."
,Recommended,219640,19976659,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,AĞLA,SO FUN TO PLAY AND NOT THAT EASY GAME
,Not Recommended,219640,19964773,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,✪ Boss farmskins.com,Stop looking at the negative reviews and buy the game
76561198272052976,Recommended,219640,19975700,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,tacohammer0124,It is a great game if you want to simulate being a knight/archer and has on point blocking and attacking and on top of that the game is very easy to run for most mid level/low level gaming computers but I am not sure about laptops
,Recommended,219640,19979899,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,zandagain,Great game! Always fun to hop in and slash a few people. The combat is deeper than you would expect though some of the techniques have become more and more strange over the years. The sound is pretty sweet too. Don't blame me if your LMB breaks...
,Recommended,219640,19979331,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,"Hey, it's me: THE CHAMP",sven simulator
,Recommended,219640,19964954,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,t.,"at the training map i hit the guy with alternate attack and i couldnt block any of his attacks because he got far away from me he CANT attack me, i cant block him. need to fix+plus i changed my weapon at training map and after that i cant pick up my any weapon, i couldnt attack, block, do any♥♥♥♥♥♥so many bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥still 10/11"
,Recommended,219640,19962228,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,UnicornBallz,Really funny game :D
,Not Recommended,219640,23335287,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Sexy Vorta,"They have destroyed this game.........Yes there are alot of good things like customization and new weapons, but the actual gameplay has been bent over a medievil table and ♥♥♥♥ed with a claymore sword... Another thing i hate is that 90% of the new armour and weapon customizations are crazy expensive, £7 for a helmet which is a slight improvement to the default?! .. No thanks........The animations and speed of weapons, size of the hitboxes and running are unreasistic and bad. The game used to function well and was balanced. Things made sense and you would not question how your sword didn\'t do damage when it clearly no-clipepd through an enemy. The menu is not as straight forward as it used to be...... and then i got sick of the deplorable state of the game, uninstalled it and burned my copy with a lighter then smashed it to♥♥♥♥♥♥.. that is how disappointed i am with the game.. Do not buy it"
,Not Recommended,219640,23335838,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Detective Harrison,"I do recommend this game to some people!! But that group of people is quite small.It\'s fun.. If you want to turn the game into a science of precise timing that requires hours of practice. At first the game was awesome, it was a game of accurate swings and feinting and large amount of people would turn this game into a medieval movie. Buuut nowadays a large amount of the playerbase uses this method called dragging, allowing the player to swing their weapon incredibly slow yet still dealing full damage.Sure, dragging requires alot of skill, and I\'m sure their proud of themselves in their own special way. But In my eyes it created a far steeper learning curve that I\'d rather not devote my game time to. But the absolute worst part of it is that dragging and some of those related techniques completely destroy the immersion of this game(in my opinion).At the start of this game(shortly after it was released), charging the other team with 10+ teammates was exhilirating! You had to stab, slash and swing to get to the objective. Blocking, feinting, kicking and dodging were extra mechanics that could give you the edge in the fight. If you wanted to test your skills in a more private setting, then you could hop on a duel to fight someone solo.Nowadays, since dragging was embraced by the developers and was even given as a hint to players on loading screens, things definitely changed. When you join a populated server, instead of people jumping at you, in the hopes of removing your head; you will get people waddling around like drunk crabs slowly twirling their weapons slowly with a pile of dead bodies around them. When you jump into a duel, instead of a head to head clash of positioning and accurate strikes from a bloodthirsty warrior; you still get something similar to those skills but instead of a warrior, you get some contorting wierdo that hits you with a flurry of deccelerated and accelerated swings that makes me think \""How does this make sense?\"". Sure you could learn to counter them, but it is stupidly annoying nevertheless.To sum it all up: If you want this game, then you are going to have to enter the world of dragging or else you will rarely see a positive KD ratio. Just look it up on youtube and ask yourself \""Do I want to do this?\"".In conclusion, you are looking for an immersive medieval experience that will engross you on your free time? DON\'T CLICK THAT PURCHASE BUTTON!Are you looking for a game the requires hours and hours of practice to annoy/beat people to death and break the laws of physics at the same time? Then look no further, this vortex of laughing crab knights slowly flailing their swords around is waiting to suck you in."
,Recommended,219640,23289915,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sitric,"Great fun! Hadn't logged in for a couple years, decided to boot it up and see what's changed and am having a blast! The game feels pretty solid, looks great, and has a lot of replay value. Recommended!"
,Recommended,219640,16106564,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ℤeℳantras♕✇,"PROS:-IMMERSIONNN!! one of the most immersive experiences i ever got in a game-SOUND DESIGN!!!!!!!!!-fighting mechanic that is awesome (but far from perfect...)-Weapon varietyCONS:-level design sucks in my opinion-COMMUNITY!!!!!!!!!! (humans)A) worst community ever, people suck anyway... not a game problem :) its a PEOPLE PROBLEM , I just ignore chat and stay away from the foruns! you will see them here too, insulting ppl in the review comments!B) ""Lvl40"" players that clearly abuse the fighting mechanic, they fight in such a wierd way...  this will make your blood boil of rage, try to avoid them! in the other hand there are very good players that dont abuse the fight mechanic, its a pleasure to fight with them and youl learn alot with these folk.A game that I play casually and have loads of fun with!Chilvary has is share of problems that youl find along the way, mostly its people, so im not taking credit out of the game just cause of bad apples!"
,Recommended,219640,23476616,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,AGoatNamedGabe,"Performance isn't the best, but works well. If you're looking for a highly skill based midieval warfare game, this is the closest you'll get (as of now). Community is great, but many players are lack intelligence, they often do horizontal strikes near teammates causing friendly fire. Hell, most of them don't bother to realize that there is more than one way to swing a sword, even though it tells you in the loading screen. Once you get past the worst players, and get into a better skill pool, it's quite enjoyable though."
76561198053346120,Recommended,219640,23537273,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,B1n@ry0010,"this game is cool!!!! freom the wapons,to the armor its good and polished but it does have some bad things not many weapons you have to pay a lot for a helmet and pay for a weapon that you can unlock by playing th freaking GAME!!! i still love this game its fun with bots or on multi-player I REALLLLLLLLLLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME"
76561198255805493,Recommended,219640,23507150,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Hank Hell,+ Decent graphics+ Combat feels nice and weapons all have weight to them+ Diverse feeling classes+ Lots of gamemodes and Mods+ The Gore and the Battlecrys are hilarious and awesome!- Dragging- Sometimes meh performance- Bad CommunityDespite its issues it is still very fun and I would definetely recommend this. If you're hesitant at least wait until the summer sale in a few weeks and pick it up! It should be under ten dollars then.
76561197968394735,Not Recommended,219640,23542545,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Lumi,"You would think the fastest attack in this game would be a straight thrust with a relatively light weapon. False. The fastest attack is to crouch, spin 180 degrees around, lean back, and swing a maul over your head."
,Recommended,219640,16089458,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Zero,It's alright
,Not Recommended,219640,23537698,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,The Lizard Xing,Combat exploits need to be fixed.Once you reach level 15 you're no longer able to play in official servers and you're forced to share with Russian filth who basically exploit the game.
,Recommended,219640,19916772,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,socko,this game is buck
,Recommended,219640,30798277,Posted: 28 March,all,smootskin,"I'm absolutely adicted to the game.The fighting itself is just awsom on another level.You can talk to the dead body you just butchered saying funny stuff, when you hear someone else do it and see the his body reaction, you can just die lagughing.I just love itIts a bit hard above level 15, but that's all the funENjoy it"
76561198073474032,Recommended,219640,6726574,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,McCloud Jr,Fun and addicting to anyone who likes the medieval era
76561198064035978,Recommended,219640,7394050,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Karl The Beast Franz,Awesome!!
,Recommended,219640,27367558,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Battle-Brother Severus,Nothing is more satisfying to behold than watching your enemy's corpse spasming after shooting them with a ballista.
,Recommended,219640,27384008,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[DN] Johnrh00,Great game overall.
,Recommended,219640,27383085,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rowkay24,"""Your brain, is as dry as a biscuit after a long voyage!""If you like your taunts with a touch of symbolism and sarcasm have I got a game for you...Also the funnest, melee mp game I've ever played period. (I'm doing this for the awards)Link to rest of taunts:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=504838182"
76561198098400273,Not Recommended,219640,19917774,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mikitarug,"This game plays pretty much like CS Source with swords (It runs on the same engine after all) which is, let's be honest, nowdays kinda obsolete. If you like unforgiving multiplayer with steep learning curve go ahead and buy it but I don't so I am giving thumbs down."
76561198248911098,Recommended,219640,27424707,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,rescuedrelic111,chivalry is an amazine game that totally sends the fps genre in a completly new  direction replacing guns with bows and knives with swords and axes and instead of grenades throw axes place shields throw boiling tar at foes to defend your kindom10/10 for me
,Recommended,219640,27213602,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Maikey,"Really funny, game it is really good against boring days. I like it! Well done!"
,Recommended,219640,27167953,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,masta,Voted for The “Test of Time” Award in the nomination on steam :) Great Game working on SteamOS but needed more optimization in game
76561198038615317,Recommended,219640,27204304,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Admiral Trawler,LEFT MOUSE BUTTON
,Recommended,219640,27178731,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Andr3w_001,I like the game :)
,Recommended,219640,27174320,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,God of Testicles,Good game
,Recommended,219640,27175216,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cheXXX,LONDON RED!
76561198065345921,Recommended,219640,27215382,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SpartanWarrior,FOR THE ORDER!!!
76561197963462395,Recommended,219640,27185495,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nerd Rope Fa Sho,Best drinking game ever
,Recommended,219640,26974918,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Seclius,Mmmm that gore though. Nothing more pleasing that slicing your foes arm completely off!
,Recommended,219640,26961577,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Runner247,"11/10 Would run around wildly swinging fists with head cut off screaming ""Help! Help me!"" again"
76561198064979091,Recommended,219640,26979032,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nermanater,"Big skill curve, balanced (mostly), and hilarious/intense battle scenes that play out constantly. If the most damaging weapons in the game did not have the best built in mixup potential (due to dragging and reverse overheads) I would give a solid 10/10. As it stands, I'd say 9/10."
,Recommended,219640,4145790,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Zirky,"Surprisingly deep combat, they're calling it a First Person Slasher game.Run in with a claymore and cleave through groups of other players.Loads of fun. On sale until the 27th of November."
,Recommended,219640,20690280,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,RogueLion,"Love this game, really good community and just a generally fun game to play."
76561198089841883,Recommended,219640,20692521,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,嗨浣熊,Sword fights bro
,Recommended,219640,1211698,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,HunterAP,"This is what Mount & Blade Warband should have been like.  Combat system is a bit more involved than just click & pray, take some time to do the training and learn the controls.  And if you wanted M&B type combat in a multiplayer environment, this is it.  It is missing the ""mount""ed combat though..."
,Recommended,219640,2318553,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Dunny,Its had me in tears laughing many times. Its like tf2 with just swords and shields
76561198183241919,Recommended,219640,20702631,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Zapruder_A,"I really like this game, it is big fun and i really can recommend it. there is also one big BUT (yes, only one T there) that can be very very frustrating. let me explain:when start this game as a newbie you can get on official servers that are provided exclusively for rank 0-15. if you play for some hours you have reached rank 15 pretty quickly. after that there is no rank restriction and all servers you get on will have players average rank 30+, free for all matches are mostly populated with players around rank 50 - and you wont stand a chance against them.the problem with this is not that they have such good equipment, but that they are really good players and that learned techniques that look like 'runnin around like mad men, killing everything'. high frustration there, cause you have no idea whats going on and what you learned in the tutorial is pretty useless there (you will even get mocked if you use a faint - a technique you learned in a tutorial). the learning factor is very low at this point cause you will just get killed all the time withouth knowing whats going on and it will take you a long long time to get better at this - if you dont quit, cause the fun is gone for some time.you can learn techniques like dragging, accelerating attacks, rainbow attack and whatever from youtubers and test them in training servers, where the guys helping you are mostly really nice folks. but still...very difficult stuff.I wish there were servers provided for rank 16-30. it really would ease out the frustration factor and bring back the fun.another downside is, that in my opinion the grinding system for equipment is really confusing. this could have been done way better and easier."
,Not Recommended,219640,20738432,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Rucamad,"If you are too good of a player, you will be vote kicked from every server you join. Be warned."
76561198090258407,Recommended,219640,20738783,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Abaddon1992,IT'S JUST A FLESH WOUND!
,Recommended,219640,20745996,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,PLUM,"Chivalry is such a fun game, would highly recommend buying. the game looks great and the maps are perfect. There's loads of different weapons to choose from and 4 different class types. The PvP can get a little repetitive but is still fun. would highly recommend buying"
,Not Recommended,219640,20747115,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Ajwme,"Fun , but gets old real fast .. I guess you could say ..ChivalryIS DEAD eheheheh"
,Recommended,219640,14180968,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Bonedaddy,Nobody fights with honor0/10
76561198010049353,Recommended,219640,20725447,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,cupidryan82,Not bad
76561198100487966,Recommended,219640,20731462,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,STRIKE TEAM Snipershootter,awesome
76561198052871092,Recommended,219640,5612316,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,VikingSmith,Sweet Pancakes
76561198061180963,Not Recommended,219640,20730041,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Harry Whiskers,"Typical peasant game with an unfur pricetag !Nah, it was okay but I lost interest very quickly,because of the lack of a lot of things.If they'd put in some extra work, it would've been much better.So you should prob wait till the game is on sale..Throw in some furry babes and I'd be hooked ! Grr...Dont judge me !!"
,Recommended,219640,13535560,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Holy_Darkho,"If you are a fan of medieval based games, than this IS the game for you.Amazing fighting and great gameplay.I warn you, this game will make you rage when you die.9/10"
76561197978239704,Not Recommended,219640,20587638,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Perradin,"In general, this game was a good amount of fun for $2.99 (x-mas sale) and is a cool concept as a melee FPS, but a toxic community and broken game-mechanics ruined the game for me overall.The noob servers were pretty fun, though when I played in high level servers I found it impossible to implement the fighting mechanics and theory outlined in the tutorial, always getting crushed by other players. After doing some internet searches, I found a host of cheesy exploits (e.g. dragging or matrixing) players use in this game. These exploits made me do much better at the game, but me using them or me getting dominated by them took the fun out of the game."
76561198048064656,Recommended,219640,5333060,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Fullcrum,Epic PvP game....a must have for any gamer.
76561198025976606,Recommended,219640,3680878,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,2-D,I like to chop of heads thus Chivalry
76561198110584690,Not Recommended,219640,20589101,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kitt Fox,microtransactions out the♥♥♥♥
76561198008836273,Not Recommended,219640,20589273,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,WaveOfZen,"I've clocked about 35 hours across multiple years by playing this game off and on (usually a weekend night or two every month when not at school or work) and I've seen the community fall apart over time. It use to be that dragging was looked down upon as a cheap trick that only unskilled players used, but now it's looked upon as something you HAVE to do in order to survive in a match, and if you don't you're quickly flamed by your entire team for not doing it.Which brings me to my next point. The way the community of this game has started treating newbies is completely pathetic and inexcusable. Once you leave the low-rank servers, you're usually met with two responses: the enemy team will mercilessly hunt you down for being low rank and butcher you as an easy kill, often times running past your higher ranked team mates to get to you, and your team mates will flame you for dying and being a noob then start polls to get you kicked. If a newbie happens to be doing better than the higher ranked players, instead of congratulating the newbie on doing well the higher ranks get offended and accuse the newbie of cheating/hacking and try to kick them.In short (as so many other players have said)--interesting game with brutal combat, but the community is one of the most toxic that I've ever seen (right up there with LoL, possibly even above it on some servers)."
,Recommended,219640,20590151,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tannirax,"Warning: if you are weak or whimpish this is the game for you, after only one hour of gameplay you will have a rainforest of hair on your chest, not to mention the barbic neck beard that comes along with that, vegatarian? No problem this game will turn you into a blood thirst mutanist ready to slay weilding a sword with one hand and mutton in the other, would strongly recomend."
,Recommended,219640,20636273,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Redrum_Laturb,fun game free for all kinda lame but team objectives fun. but a little spendy for getting to really customize your character.
,Recommended,219640,2865359,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Itsapaul,"Have you wanted a fps game, but with medieval weapons?  Well this one seems to be the best bet!  Although you can go in 3rd person, it really feels great to get in your opponents face and engage in some visceral melee combat!  There's no single player to speak of, but there are plently of familiar modes of pvp, plus there are campaigns where you're either completing objectives or trying to stop the other team from completing them.  Personally I just like Free-For-All in the arena with a greatsword, but beheading three people at once then going to chop someone's arm off relieves the stress like King of the Hill can't really do."
,Recommended,219640,20616946,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,The Shekelmaster,"got 200+ hours in this game and i can say to you it was 200% worthy, one of the best games for forgetting about life a little bit (unless you have a dumb teammate that just unlocked the zweihander when you're an archer trying to get the let it rain achievement) 10/10 damn worth it!"
,Recommended,219640,20614411,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Conner,"I suck at it and die a lot, but I'm having a lot of fun playing"
76561198016814378,Not Recommended,219640,20664478,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,KedViper,No matchmaking so basically your only choice is to go against people who have played the game for thousands of hours who have mastered all of the exploits.
76561198038971618,Recommended,219640,20644070,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,StarPooper,"My only complaint about this game would be the toxic community that infects it. I have yet to join a game where the players aren't insulting and berating one another. That being said, if you can completely ignore all other players in the game, you might enjoy yourself a little bit. I think it's important that you don't take this game too seriously. This game can be extremely silly, so don't take it personally when people start acting silly.10/10 would get decapitated again.SideNote: You may want to turn up your volume all the way while playing. There simply isn't enough noise in this game."
,Not Recommended,219640,20675758,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Solzucht,"Only works in mutliplayer, which is barely visited these days.Wish i could gain my money back- its definitly not worth it."
,Recommended,219640,995239,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Cap'n Kiwi,"Medieval melee multiplayer.  Oh, and seige weapons.What's not to like?"
76561198061309156,Recommended,219640,20655403,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,DevBox,"Some may say the game is a little ""clunky"", but really it is an excellent game."
76561198144774788,Not Recommended,219640,20611472,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Shanghai Boone,"This, this... is one of THE WORST GAMEs i think i own on this steam acount.the hit detection makes me want to slit my wrists.and the animations make me want to put salt and viniger into cuts made by previous statement,if u buy this game be wardned, it may have graphics that look decent, but the game itself is abismal.only buy if u enjoy torture10/10 would slit wrists again."
76561198103466461,Recommended,219640,13061830,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,40's Gaming,"Edit- This game is still one of my favorite since I'm a fan of medieval warfare although I have not played it in forever, it still is amazing"
,Recommended,219640,6584243,"Posted: 10 February, 2013",all,Hoggy,"A very basic, but stupidly fun and addictive game. Idiots with massive swords and flails, bows and arrows, javelins and spears. What could POSSIBLY go wrong??"
,Recommended,219640,20280208,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ZergRushIt!,I can be a mouse and go smash peoples heads off.I can also be a chicken and go smash peoples heads off.What do you think? Nuff said.
76561198122820930,Recommended,219640,20726793,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lim,8.6/10
,Recommended,219640,20734627,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Melan,"I play this game, all I do is taunt, shout and occasionally dismember folk. Normally this calibre of game would warrant a bad review but if I did write a bad review an inquisition would be launched against me so 12/10 would praise the king again."
,Recommended,219640,20757163,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Hentai Warrior,"Started Game, started Tutorial found an upside down Knight Spitting beats at me, 10/10 would beat upside down knights again."
76561198040459106,Recommended,219640,20687788,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Goblerino,Cut of the head of your enemis and run in to battle! ^^ Fun for the whole family.
76561198009916036,Recommended,219640,20689370,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,[PNP]Lost_1,"It's a fun game if you get it on the cheap. I initially had to fight with it in order to get it to work and I wish the dragging stuff could be fixed. Those moves can be game breaking, exploit hit boxes and can be unforgiving to newer players. Also the community I found to be just a little bit toxic, but its not like CS:GO bad or anything."
,Recommended,219640,20689651,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Basileus Konstantinos I,"This is one of my favorite games out there, the graphics are perfect, and the sword fighting is mostly good (Except for some cheap odd trickkills) and it's really fun, the players are really nice most of the time, but if you're a newcomer reading this. And you get in, one tip.LEARN TO BLOCK"
,Recommended,219640,20689718,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Punching Pete,"i like this game, i honestly do. but after the level 15 lobbys were everything is square off and even i got tossed into a lobby with level 30's through late 50's doing what i read one guy complain about in another comment on this thread ""Afking in their spawn point parrying all your attacks"" which i thought was a bit of a laugh at the time, but had to have some truth. and the few matches i did do after pretty much resulted in the same thing you'd have the same group of people sitting in a corner waiting for those few lucky fellows who try to come to them and cut him down and continue in all chat and the game voices. kinda killed the ""Warfare"" vibe when its 2 guys parrying eachother over social media banter.not saying don't buy this game, but after you have your fun 0-15 be prepared to be thrown to the dogs, because after they figure out you have 17 hours in the game compared to their 300,657,1300 hours. you are singled out by those few on sight because you know 1/10th of the expliots they do.aside from whats been said i do enjoy the game still, the combats great. but theirs no real way to shatter someones parry and the kick is broken, even if you tap F it wont ""light kick"" like it says, you gotta hold it for heavy kick and by then they've traded 1-2 hits for your little shove, though it should only be used to break blocks, even after breaking a block its already back up by the time you finsih swinging a weapon, and small fast weapons can be used to stunlock you to death without you being able to give a single swing back which i find to be a bit much."
,Recommended,219640,20693902,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Bachner,This is a surprisingly fun game!
,Recommended,219640,20694249,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Yung Jay 3K,Javelin OP
76561198130025253,Not Recommended,219640,20694319,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,BANANA,pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥lol
76561197988620627,Recommended,219640,20721330,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,White Knight,"Epic, needs more maps."
76561198070523222,Recommended,219640,20598350,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Glass,"Scream Simulator 2015Press ""C"" to win10/10"
76561198212943615,Not Recommended,219640,20612319,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,xyz.,"The community is completely toxic, few bugs and if u kill enemy ur dumb teammate kill u..."
,Recommended,219640,20577397,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Oka™,:D
76561198083107950,Recommended,219640,20573811,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,PurplePanda,Fun game love the sword fighting wish they would make a good star wars game with this sword fighting and I know they have a mod for lightsabers but I wish there was a dedicated game for star wars anyways good game 9/10
76561198071970045,Not Recommended,219640,18701301,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Mouseketeer,Stop kicking players for accidentaly killing a teammate!
76561198081035840,Recommended,219640,20606957,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,WaitWhat ?,I guess it's okay.
,Recommended,219640,20607374,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,BOT clover,I instantly decapitated someone with a broad dagger.Then somehow cut their arms off.
,Not Recommended,219640,20595022,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,WhoopWhoop,Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥-- Pay to customize.-- Hitbox is lag indifferent-- Archery sucks
76561198005401417,Recommended,219640,20596415,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,!>LoCo<!,"Good game...but certainly one that you need to be completely focussed on the screen and on every move you make on the battlefield. Wrong moves and panicked behaviors are punished severely.Also the training is not so enlightening, just a quick info on all the possible moves.Many people online, good & big community and a lot of  stages too!"
,Recommended,219640,20593718,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kanye West,too good to be true
,Not Recommended,219640,20581338,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,RhoCassiopeiae,no optimized for play
76561198219842089,Recommended,219640,20592184,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Slam Fister,really good game combat wise and decent gameplay that can keep you entired for a multitude of hours before you either get sick of players trying to spawn camp or waiting till your not looking before attacking your backside (best way to avoid this is always have your audio so you can hear their footsteps)..... Plays a lot like Mount and blade combat so if you enjoyed that this will fit you pretty good. Like any community you will find players who are toxic but it's up to you to acknoledge them or not so play on.
76561198188539785,Recommended,219640,20611827,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Pixelated_Destruction,Like CS:GO with swords and siege engines. Team killing is super easy as well. Almost too easy to be a fun challenge.10/ 10 would kill my entire team in the final part of the battle again.
76561198081242788,Not Recommended,219640,20619896,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,isaacman101,"The game's great, and it's really fun.  It can be exhilirating, rage-inducing, and quite addicting once you get the hang of it.  HOWEVER, the Mac port for the game is one of the worst I've ever seen.  There are severe lag spikes and packet loss problems endemic to Macs.  The devs seem not to care what the fans want, and its updates don't fix the problems at all, focusing only on worthless paid skins.The Deadliest Warrior expansion (which I was highly looking forward to) has been forgotten and is little better than Alpha gameplay – sometimes when a fight opens, the game SERIOUSLY reverts to Lorem Ipsum text and relocks weapons.  In the DW expansion the game, without question, freezes and crashes at the end of EVERY MATCH.  This may be a Mac only problem, but it's just not been updated enough to be viable.In the end, I truly wish I could recommend this game to everyone – it's totally unique and could be something absolutely tremendous.  However, it's marred by the absolutely terrible studio who doesn't care about finishing their work, with, as others have noted, bugs that are now 4 YEARS OLD.  In short, it'd be a fantastic game if they'd only get it out of Alpha."
76561198052317091,Recommended,219640,9843061,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Aethelweard,"Bottom line: No other game since UT2004 has made me feel like this!I've been playing the Deadliest Warrior DLC, which is awesome.  Run around with a sword, warhammer, halberd, bow or a bloody musket if you must (damn pirates).  6 warrior classes, hack slash and slaughter.The Lord of Slaughter commands you to play this game.  Effin' Awsome!  ""WILL WE NOT FALL THIS DAY!"""
,Recommended,219640,20585112,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,bizardvark,"Amazing Game, I loved it."
76561198084804290,Not Recommended,219640,20685082,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,EccoToGo,"Why even bother with bots when I cant enjoy my offline experience. They block, team kill, and dont focus on the objective. Sure multiplayer is cool, but bots are so bad."
,Recommended,219640,20684815,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,arangok,That was a nice game but mechanics could have been better
76561198096121412,Recommended,219640,22170087,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Normie,Great Game
,Recommended,219640,22166327,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,The King in the North,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a first person melee combat game that features interesting fighting mechanics, epic battles, dimemberment and piles of bodies littering the map. It features a bunch of awesome game modes:- Team Objective, where you have an attacking and a defending team trying to either complete or prevent the completion of objectives like pushing battering ram carts to the gates, breaching it and murdering the enemy king.- Last Team Standing, where two teams fight to the death, every player only having one life per round (no respawn).- Duel, where you can test your skill 1v1 against players of all kinds of skill levels.- Free For All, where chaos is truly a ladder (amirite, Littlefinger?) and dishonorable backstabbing can take you to the top as fast as being a skilled fighter.The game is littered with epic and hilarious moments where people bumrush objectives spamming the battle cry button, resulting in an adrenaline fueled charge on the enemy. Using the ingame voices to formally apologize to an opponent when you've just taken their head, respectfully bowing and praising the opponents skill in genuinely chivilrous moments and trolling players by saying ""no"" everytime you parry their attack, it's really the ingame voices that add that extra dimension of hilarity to this already awesome game.Just how much fun is this game? Well, I've got 104 hours in on a crappy 2011 laptop running at 20-40 fps (but mostly under 30) with all settings on 'low'. The game is THAT addictive, even if I can't run it well at all. Also, after all those hours, I'm still only a lowly level 25 and at best average at the game. Both those things don't deter me from playing. In fact, they make me want to try harder and learn to become a better player. I can't wait to play this on a good PC (it's coming soon, thank god) to fully enjoy the chaotic, medieval battlefields of chivalry in all their glory.Pros: Gloriously rewarding gameplay, intense melee combat, epic game modes like Team Objective and Last Team Standing, lots of hilarity, many players actually are chivilrous and the community is one of the least toxic ones I've experienced (of course there are always bad apples).Cons: Steep learning curve, unrealistic moves are required to become a top player (reverse overheads, spins and other moves that remind more of ballet than swordfighting), somewhat poorly optimized (but not game-breaking).9/10 - superbly rediculous fun."
76561198211453040,Recommended,219640,22190509,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Minecraft herobrine trolling,Gets hit with a giant sword *Half Health**In another game* Gets tapped on the head with a hammer *EXPLODES*11/10
,Recommended,219640,22183100,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Adaptive Mental Posture,"Great FPS hand to hand combat. A rich combat system that is well balanced and focused on skill and timing as well as match-up knowledge. Additionally, Torn Banner's title has strong core shooter gameplay should you decide to use a cross bow or one of the Archer classes."
,Recommended,219640,22111095,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Zokomah,"As for its great core mechanics, a Medieval FPS is all but fun. Either if your a spinning fast swiniging high level, or a spam blocking low level, it is quite enjoyable. Expecially when your in a FFA and 7+ people band together, either as a Pumpkin Covenent, Santa's Minions, or crouch walkers. Or party out on a glitched door trampoline. The game can get quite bizarre, and expect lots of lauging.P.S. you smell like a women."
,Not Recommended,219640,22135154,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,jkjkrules,Not worth buying I feel like I wasted money on this game.
,Recommended,219640,22099656,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Eatveg,fokin awsome medival combat with all the blood all the gore all the coolness
,Recommended,219640,22263353,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DOSgod,"This game is fun, and has a lot of potential. It's fun to hack people into bits and get that general medieval warfare type of gameplay. That being said, it plays like a choppy demo and the devs haven't actually updated this game in years. There's a lot of hidden things about the game that allow you to hit around your enemies hit boxes. To the dedicated few that love the game, it's all part of the plan. From anyone from an outside perspective, it's the stupidest crap ever. It also has the worst community of almost any game ever created.If you want a moderately fun medieval war sim, it might be up your alley. But if you are looking to getting your moneys worth with this game, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,219640,23073469,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,HoodieStrings,"You movements are equal to those of a brick, but the rest is cool."
76561197972400835,Recommended,219640,23076333,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,freebank,"Awesome game, I prefer the expansion: Deadliest Warrior.  Unfortunately it has a small US player base, mostly extremely experienced/good players who know each other and often change the mode to Last Team Standing, they kill off the noobs then most of them stand around watching duels until the timer runs out.  If you don't like LTS there is usually a duel server running. However, when FFA or Team Deathmatch servers are populated, the game is full of action-packed AWESOMENESS!"
,Recommended,219640,23045942,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Varsul,One of my Favorite Games of all time :)
76561198255691282,Recommended,219640,23041057,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,zulubot,"A great game with realistic fighting and  hugely satifying combat. A great game, however I found that there wasn't much depth and so I became less interested after 6 or so hours. On the other hand graphics are quite nice nice and I love the customisation feature for your soldiers. Still worth getting as it is thoroughly enjoyable."
76561198292410623,Recommended,219640,30779933,Posted: 27 March,all,JoHnYYmAz,7/10Very funGreat boredom breaker
76561198243365128,Recommended,219640,23054137,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,[EagleEchelon97],"Chivalry is a good multiplayer game, if you're a fan of the Middle Ages have to play this game, basically is a fusion between TES and a fps arena.+ Cute graphics, good combat system, good gameplay- Offline campaign absent, not worth more than 10 Eurorating: 7/10"
,Recommended,219640,8546336,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,🍁🔥☁ ZastinLD,I do greatly enjoy this game i just wish that the DLC was available on 32 bit OS
76561198044365498,Not Recommended,219640,23141753,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Momo-Chan,"600+ Hours and I still feel like this game could've been better than what it is right now. It's filled with people who exploit the combat system [like me] and reckless noobs who spam LMB. Feinting is a good way to fight but it has been deemed a psycopathic behavior. I know the competitive duelers do it but I'm no fan of feinting. The community is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I guarantee you that. Probably one out of every 500 players is actually helpful while the rest always talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about each other. Even when you lose a fight against a guy, a usual ""gf"" will be uttered but no... the opponent will call you out and say how bad you are. I've been through those so many times it's not even funny. There is no chivalry in this game. 90% of a server's chat history is mainly people dissing each other or politics. The game isn't fun anymore. TDM used to be great when people worked together but now it's segregated to those tryhards, teamkillers, and archers who think sniping from 1000 miles away is still a good idea. There is also a steep learning curve as others have mentioned but it takes a LOOOOOOOONG time to get as skilled as the players you see in the duel servers. The combat is mediocre and is nowhere from realistic. Everything is always split second or drags and feints, sometimes it really is hard to read the ripostes and feints on particular weapons like the holy water sprinkler but that's just due to my lack of judgement. The dev team's updates are lackluster and do small updates at a time rather than large ones. And within those small updates it really hinders gameplay performance at times but I really do approve of finally being able to kick a person on a flight of stairs [and it only took them 3 years to fix that?]. This game always go on sales so don't buy this game at its original price.I'd still play M&B Warband over this game over any day. And I'm expecting Bannerlord and Mordhau to come out ASAP so I can finally put an end to this burden of a game I play.So in the short run, if you really want to play this game, go ahead, by all means. But there will be better upcoming indie titles like the ones I mentioned earlier. Just mind the toxic community and expect to get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked within 3 seconds if you're a new person."
,Recommended,219640,22948033,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Endriago Wolf,"Really FPS, definitely not anything like your classic COD game. This game takes more skill :P"
76561198014906902,Recommended,219640,19506161,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Alexandros,Multiplayer action game with good fight and combos. Try don't disappoint and loose your temper every time they kill you and all will be well. Don't give up and show no mercy. Before start playing in the servers complete the training first to learn some basics and all the advanced combos you will learn them in the real fight. If some from you want to join groups probably you will have advantage against the opponents for obvious reasons.Grades: From 1-5 ( not satisfied at all 1 - 5 very satisfied).Plot: 4Graphics: 5Gameplay: 5Control: 4Music: 5Animations: 5Environment: 4Sounds/Dialogs: 5Cinematic Videos: -Difficulty: 4Average: 4.6
,Recommended,219640,22946686,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,isoz,"The best of it's category, medieval warfare!"
,Recommended,219640,22931722,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Policedak,"Things you can do:1.Cut head off.2.Cut arms off.3.Legs arent immune too.4.Bash head with hammer.5.Use crossbow like a little c**t.6.No sandviches.7.Run Sanic mode and stab kidneys with dagger.8.Cry,cause you got beaten by level 154.9.Play non-stop FFA and die from dyhadration.I rate 10/10 by Kidney Store."
,Not Recommended,219640,13024317,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,White Rabbit,I got perma ban for tea bagging a steam workshop member that was spawning with a crossbow. Horrible community great game.
76561198056590645,Recommended,219640,15721459,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Sylas,WAY to overpriced in comestics.. game play if fullfilling though. 9/10
,Recommended,219640,16744006,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.","We're knights of the round tableWe dance whenever we're ableWe do routines and chorus scenesWith footwork impeccableWe dine well here in CamelotWe eat ham and jam and spam a lotWe're knights of the round tableOur shows are formidableBut many times we're given rhymesThat are quite unsingableWe're opera mad in CamelotWe sing from the diaphragm a lotWar we're tough and able, quite indefatigableBetween our quests we sequin vestsAnd impersonate Clark GableIt's a busy life in CamelotI have to push the pram a looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooot"
,Recommended,219640,16745833,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Gat {(MFR)},"I am addicted to this game. The classes are great, And you dont have to unlock the weapons. 9.5/10The only thing I didnt like is how my name only appeared as ""☆"""
76561198065123837,Recommended,219640,6384320,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Bryanx,"fun medieval time game with skill and teamwork involved with swords,shields,bows,and throwables."
,Recommended,219640,16748504,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,Pretty much it's like a medieval Counter Strike.
76561198031265117,Recommended,219640,4046315,"Posted: 12 April, 2013",all,Scrubberbert Roundslacks,AXE IN YO FACE
76561198074247427,Recommended,219640,24555661,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,XxxMLG_Uncle_FrankXxx666,"Should you buy this game? Yes brother. Is it wroth my money? Yes my lord!. is it hard to play? No, my lord!. is this game even bad at all? Nay................."
76561198026041428,Recommended,219640,3685018,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,EOrem,"A well-made, solid-feeling first (or third) person multiplayer-based medieval combat game. Ranking system allow access to different weapons/items. Very fun!"
76561198157392313,Recommended,219640,14663723,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[327SC]BigMan,Fantastically ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,24679001,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Nash,Good Fun
,Recommended,219640,30834642,Posted: 30 March,all,TUYmerik,Archery: Medieval Warfare
,Recommended,219640,23779287,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheMadYeet,"Brutal medieval combat fun for the whole family, or garrison, or whatever.  8.9/10"
,Recommended,219640,24673193,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Grunt100,Greatest medieval game i have ever played.
,Recommended,219640,24663375,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,MoisturEyes,ahidhiaidhaiodhiaohdaoihdaohndaihioadhaohdhw its pretty good I guess adbkabkjb dahwjkbdhabdikhawbhdhabhdbawhbajkfbakhijbda
,Not Recommended,219640,24491754,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,d.ango,"find friends to play with or someone to teach youthe actual mechanics of the game don't matter, you have to learn how to do a bunch of special moves that don't really make sense in terms of physics if you want to jump on a server with high levels"
76561198085222200,Recommended,219640,24665489,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Man Eating Lobster,"Okay. 2 reasons why people give Chivalry a bad rating when they shouldn't.1st, This game IS NOT attempting to be historically accurate. It is meant to be fun, not a battle simulator. Everybody wants it to be a battle simulator, and its not. As soon as they find this out, then they give it a bad rating.2nd, it is 100 percent based on your skill at the game. The high level players do not glitch or cheat like many say, they only use the strange (but entertaining) mechanics of the game to their advantage. People don't like this, so they give it a bad rating.Chivalry has been the best purchase I have ever made on steam, and a hi-light of my entire gaming life. Endless hours of frustration and rage quiting because of the best players having more than 1000 hours in this game.. But i kept at it, and I keep going at it. This game is not casual, it's about continuously honing your skills and never giving up. I have such a deep love for this game, and it's wonderful humor, and I feel right at home when I start it up.Sadly the community is dead compared to what once was.FOR THE BLUE AND GOOOLD"
,Recommended,219640,12574284,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Chip Skylark,♥♥♥♥kkk You Mark Chong and Herocheba I hope u both drown in your own feces
,Recommended,219640,24788871,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Samson,"Played for only about 16 hours at the time of this review... Still a wee noob. I've seen a few toxic people within some servers but only a total of about 10 people (probably less. I haven't been counting). Not sure why everyone says every server consists of nothing but toxic people. I've met quite a bit of nice people within the short span of the time I've been playing, and actually made some friends.Just a reminder, if there is a bunch of jerks on a certain server, just leave. There's still quite a few out there that could contain some friendly people."
,Not Recommended,219640,23102939,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,LongChopStickz,It's fun until you get past past level 15 and duel people who fight like they're in a ballerino show.
,Recommended,219640,24790793,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Wooggie,"Love this game.It's a well done game that makes fun especially with friends, but the prices for the weapon skins are a little bit too expensive. ;)"
,Not Recommended,219640,24792612,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,YedemaYeti,"Very fun for the first 15 levels, but after you leave the beginner servers, it's a 1 star game. All people do is use hitbox exploits like ""Dragging"" where they'll wiggle their mouse around everywhere so that their weapon will hit past your shield or block. The base combat system is amazing, and it sucks to see it being ruined like this. The game would be 10/10 if they only got rid of this exploiting, but it seems they don't care.To all the people who use the exploits, thanks for ruining an otherwise amazing game."
,Not Recommended,219640,24350072,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,M8ttaton,Not sure if Chivalry or Bayblade...You can't win if you can't spin...
76561198060104677,Recommended,219640,22349142,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,A l m o s i n 私を殺して,"It's like cancer, but good."
,Recommended,219640,24297518,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Junk,"This game is not just hack and slash. I can tell you that from experience. You need to learn the hitboxes of the weapons, know when to block, dodge, and charge into battle. This is an amazing medieval game. The graphics are top notch, customizing weapons is amazing, it allows players to have their items put into the game, and it goes on sale a lot.This game is worth the buy, just be ready to get killed and learn the best way to duel for you. Lots of fun game modes as well.  I would recommend you wait for it to go on another sale like it always does just to save money...unless you really want it then it is still worth full price."
,Not Recommended,219640,24267108,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Derrick Shitkicker,"DO NOT BUY FOR MACUNBELIEVABLY HIGH LAG EVEN ON LOW PING SERVERS, AUDIO INSANELY EAR-BREAKINGLY CHOPPY NO MATTER THE SETTINGSIN SHORT: GAME DOES NOT FUNCTION ON MAC"
76561197981649662,Recommended,219640,24288502,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Jolico,I always dreamed of this game and then someone made it happen. Thank you
,Recommended,219640,168591,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,[ADAPT] Jimmy Booker,Amazing combat. Definitely worth a buy!
,Recommended,219640,24279488,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,xXHentaiMaster69Xx,Havent played this very much. but these hours have been one of the best in my life.
76561198120874795,Recommended,219640,24258334,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Fatsquirrle Waffle,"Its a great game until you get past level 15... its still a good game if you find good servers with good people that dont break the fighting mechanics by flinging around, also this game takes skills and there should be servers for level 15 to around 30 so that you would be in a server with people around your skill level instead of being level 16 and going up against level 50 people"
,Recommended,219640,24263126,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ShapeShifterZX,Im burnin Yup
76561198012319572,Not Recommended,219640,24194356,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Why the longface,Its like CoD but with swords... no its worse.
76561198052303996,Not Recommended,219640,20878489,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,SirLordThe3rd,Fighting system is too simple.
,Recommended,219640,20894441,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,[OIDA] One True God,beheading people in this game looks really cool.
,Recommended,219640,3551036,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,Crl-jsphvntrtt,"This game is easy, you're a knight while their forces are made of, how much low peasantry :P Great game."
,Recommended,219640,25453562,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Justin,"This game is for those who love games that are easy to get into but have an enormous skill cap. Something you can work hard to get REALLY good at. Chivalry gives some of the most control over your character than any game ive had the chance to play, which allows for extreme percision in attacking and movement. Hitboxes are realistic, so no ez ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.       Get this game for hours of fun and hours more if your willing to take the time to improve. Don't expect to hit any level cap for several thousand hours."
,Recommended,219640,25463976,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sir Walrus,"""Your malformed skull is unfit for my pisspot!"" shouts the knight infront of me as he proceeds to swing his maul over the head of an unexpecting opponent, smashing his head like a ripe melon, and shortly after bursting into laughter.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The atmosphere of this game is really great, you can rely nearly entirely on in-game voice commands from the different classes to communicate with your teammates. Not only are they practical, but each class has a different voice actor with different lines, some serious, others humourous and gives refreshing variations to hear on the battlefield. And the majority of the time you spend your time listening to what your teammates are saying rather than just running around and killing solo. This is a game that inspires teamplay greatly.The combat feels great and it works in a way that gives you the ability to decide from different horizontal, thrust and vertical strikes, only downside is that it can feel very difficult to get into if you're a new player as more experienced players will be more responsive and evasive to your strikes and blocks and it can be frustrating for some as you feel like you're being steamrolled.Luckily there are low-rank servers that will prevent the high-rank elite players from ruining your experience too much. Although some players reset their character to play on low-rank servers again.So if you're looking for a fun and easy to get into medieval fighting game - this would be my recommendation as it is probably one of my all time favourites."
76561198094814167,Recommended,219640,25506461,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,JUKE-SKYJERKER,For the order!!!!
,Recommended,219640,25533388,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,JOYCON BOYZ,enjoy stomping nerds in low level servers then when you cant join them get frustrated because you get stomped by nerds who are aliens and can process 5 gorrilion tasks at once
,Recommended,219640,25523567,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Bastard of Winterfell,An alternate history where humans remove their spines to contort their bodies in wondrous ways!
76561197971251020,Recommended,219640,25521010,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Reyvolan,"The greatest FPS medieval combat game i have ever played, the only limit to this game is your own skill. :axesword:"
,Recommended,219640,25520095,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Shen.,Dost thou insist to fill the world with vicious qualities!
76561198061680846,Not Recommended,219640,13510563,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,bard,came here for awesome medieval battlegot ballerina knights and archers.hey. it /was/ good at one point.
,Recommended,219640,25344837,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,BOT Cecil,"A very fun team v team or all for themselves cluster♥♥♥♥ of pew-pe... swing-swing? Better than pew-pewing in bf. Sure it has some bugs and the combat is not perfect but it's fun, by yourself or with your friends."
,Recommended,219640,25380889,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Flesh Lizard,Yes.
,Not Recommended,219640,25412439,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,W0KE,They killed my game with one button blocks.
,Not Recommended,219640,25422357,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Lone Soul,too many teamkilling noobs in the game
76561198091721526,Recommended,219640,8160380,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Levy,i cant believe this game is only $6 yippie!!!!
,Recommended,219640,17922715,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Laughattack500,ITS FUN AS HELL YOU DONT KNOW HOW MANY MONTY PYTHON JOKES YOU CAN MAKE BEFORE YOUR KICKED OUT OF THE GAME (its 18.5 cuz i made half a joke then got kicked) BUY IT IT IS AWESOME (there is a few bugs when you first launch it but no big deal just delete and reinstall and it will be fine) IT IS GGGRRRRRRRRREAAT
76561198121426709,Recommended,219640,24090253,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Shwmae,"the fun is real   7/10  though, too many glitches used by other players preventing you from getting to high levels without exploiting them. if they fixed the glitches and put a limit to dragging ( i am talking about those 360s which always make the game look hilarious), this would be a really nice game ( 8/10).         Player base is still pretty high, if you are worrying about that."
,Recommended,219640,25443076,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,OpHsVinicius,Lag just throw my head 12/10
76561198051881657,Recommended,219640,25509153,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Lord ☹ Snow,"SO far very entertaining. If you like first-person shooters and beat-em-ups that require a little strategy i.e. not button-mashers(though that works sometimes). Nice diverse variety of game types with some objective based to an all out free-for all. Only came ocross one hacker in my playtime, granted I have been playing on the low-rank servers. Overall definitely worth the sticker price, but of course put it om your wishlist and it will email/steam message you when its on sale.Love and happy slaying,Spoopy"
76561197977400499,Recommended,219640,25343783,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,LeeHarveyOswald |LMC| (Pschwomp),best sword combat simulator ever
,Recommended,219640,25346475,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Rookie,"The best medieval warfare simulator I've played. And a reccomended purchase on sale. The multiplayer is brutal and fun, plus the singleplayer has decent AI bots you can play against."
76561197987479499,Recommended,219640,20788396,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Khorgaras (FR),For Agatha !!!
,Recommended,219640,20804207,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,uLY GOD,"Really fun, good graphics,  and easy to run"
,Recommended,219640,20833523,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,"Do not worry, I am GAYHACKER",I highly recommend that game. Developers did very nice work. Game runs flawlessly with GNU and Nouveu drivers.
,Recommended,219640,20838625,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,SkippyTrippy,Its not toooo fun but it has its moments. Also fun star wars mod so. 5/10
,Recommended,219640,20840118,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,RoastinMallows,"Ran into guy with gold helmet, Swung sword at him, Used my sword as a limbo bar, Lost my arm. perfect 5/7"
76561198213525601,Not Recommended,219640,20837127,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,"I came, I fed, I abandoned",Much worse than mount & blade
,Recommended,219640,20837663,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Kirby,Yes i would recommand this. This first person melee combat gives a new insight to what medievil games should be like more emersive  when fighting. not knowing if someones going to sneak up behind you and get back stabbed.the fact you can cut peoples heads off with any weapon :D its really fun  and will make you thirsty for blood >:)
76561198161616562,Recommended,219640,20192315,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MehtsS,"Bought the game it a few days ago, but man this game is pure awesomeness.i need to commit you need to play and practise this game allot the get better and better, its a sort a reaction timing gamethat i like very much.definitely a recommended game to play."
,Recommended,219640,16889340,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,spooky alf,"Told my mum I was swordfighting my friends in my bedroom,whoops."
76561198157354665,Recommended,219640,20190486,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,John Lemon,10/10
76561198159046818,Recommended,219640,20193023,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DestroyerYB,"so much fun, really good atmosphere, never faced a problem so far, good optimization, just buy and have fun with your friends."
,Recommended,219640,20243908,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Creator Of The Multiverse,"Fun Game, Combat Feels and looks great good graphics.the only realy con in my experience is that if you are on a server where you have a high ping you have no chance at winning because the combat is largly based on timeing and movment. Still a grat game though."
,Recommended,219640,20250732,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lenkandreki,A really fun game which i enjoyed playing.
,Recommended,219640,4983316,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Uncle Joe,this is a fun game
,Recommended,219640,26600460,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Moist Potato,"Oi,♥♥♥♥♥♥ed. BUY THIS GOD OF A GAME.But all of the people complaining about the balleina tactics and the ""exploits"". The actual exploits if caught get you banned of the game and rarley do people use them. Yes the high levels will spin around to make their attacks as fast/slow as possibe so its a simple as learn how to block it, its suprisingly easy to do :D. It has a high skill cap where the higher levels/more experienced will beat the lowers but all of these people complaining about it don't understand what the games about. Having fun, there are so many nice people that you be-friend and just♥♥♥♥♥♥about with, You can find servers which are a group of people just having a laugh. When your in battle with someone and an archer shoots at you some of the people simple say the voice command for archers and lets you go♥♥♥♥♥♥that ♥♥♥♥♥! Its a fun game just don't hate feints or spins, learn them and have fun."
,Recommended,219640,28890294,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ipongreal,"recomended for everyone who love to play war game. This game is simple and awesome, you can also play with your brothers on LAN."
,Recommended,219640,28890680,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lt. SuccSucc,"Great game, I really enjoyed the combat."
76561198215023915,Recommended,219640,28889677,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,robbie10192 SkinSilo.com,"I got the game on sale for $2.49.  At that price, this game is 100% worth it."
76561198022075571,Recommended,219640,10161869,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Tarcus,"Good first person melee game. Nice graphics, several interesting mulitplayer modes e.g. deathmatch, free for all, last man standing and team objective. Team objective mode is my favourite reminds me of co-op missions crossed between rush/conquest style game mechanics seen in Bad Company 2."
76561198131904427,Not Recommended,219640,28896240,Posted: 1 January,all,Let none survive,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о
76561198354154803,Recommended,219640,28893016,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,professor_punch,This game was so under-cooked that it killed  my graphics card
76561198060041823,Recommended,219640,28893576,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cory Baxter,it's a good game but everyone who plays it is a ♥♥♥♥in idiot.
76561198275385478,Not Recommended,219640,28858761,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,yourOH,CMW.exe has stopped working.
,Recommended,219640,28858944,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PVT.Beckman,♥♥♥♥♥JogoPontos Positivos :Violencia ExtremaVarias armas ate pra um jogo medievalGraficos BonitosVarios MapasLevel EditorWorkshopMultiplayer Bem VivoDivertidoPontos Negativos:Otimização nao muito boaAnimações de Personagens meio roboticasNota :9/10
,Recommended,219640,28856941,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Archaeic,"Sweet multi kill decapitations, would get sniped by 9 archers out of 10"
76561198063327313,Recommended,219640,28846124,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ProDiiGY,still more people play it that call of duty
76561198323940845,Recommended,219640,28872813,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dan_,very good game considoring i got it in the winter sale for £1 amazing game would even pay £16
76561198073489232,Not Recommended,219640,7864726,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,aok,Do not trust the videos! It is nothing like that. you die instantly if you start out!
,Recommended,219640,28877830,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,magaballs,I like.
,Recommended,219640,26902526,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NO,Best game.
,Recommended,219640,28884083,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ilovelotsofpie,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,219640,28871398,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,windir,You can scream at people and chop their heads off after you kill them so I'd give it a 10/10.
76561198148184244,Recommended,219640,28871976,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Illidos,This game is amazing! It is very fun to play with your friends Ane the graphic is incredible! You can have fun for hours. I am lokking forward to play this game more in the future ;) 5/6 because they need to improve some smal things ;) And i give it 9/10 ( the same reason)
76561198139068923,Recommended,219640,28870486,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ModRound,"It's a very good game, It's like a Counter Strike with Medieval Age wapons."
,Recommended,219640,20785395,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,einarinpostia,The way madieval times SHOULD be displayed
76561198102550742,Recommended,219640,20776100,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ObnoxiousGoose hellcase.com,VERY fun lower decals for better frame rate
,Recommended,219640,20776437,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Allsight,"Super derpy combat system, graphics are pretty. Fun game to play when you're bored."
76561197972870150,Recommended,219640,20793577,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Zhiu,"4/5 stars.A hardcore, medieval themed, first person brawler. The style and difficulty was very well done and I will keep this game in good memory for long!"
,Not Recommended,219640,20778241,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,MechanicalMike,Crap. Looks cool in the screenshots. THEY DONT reflect actual gameplay....
76561198022795008,Recommended,219640,20778685,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Petromilli,Tis' but a scratch.
,Recommended,219640,17114154,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,xDeathStar,"yep, a ""you must have"" game 9.7/10"
,Recommended,219640,20668765,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mr. J,"I've been playing Chivalry a lot lately. A friend talked me into buying awhile ago and I never touched it until a few weeks ago and now I can't figure out why I didn't play it. It's kind of addicting. Really fun as far as MMOs go. Absolutely refreshing from the norm shooters and whatnot. There's real strategy and skill, level systems, the works. You can use different weapons that range from one handed swords and two handed swords to bows and staffs to mauls and warhammers. It's really a fun game and takes a bit of practice, but it's worth it. Lots of different ways to play as well. Free-for-all, team objective, last team standing. It's a cool game and this is coming from someone who has really never had an interest in the medieval genre. Try it!"
,Recommended,219640,20669551,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,sir pump,Makes me hella hot.
76561197994149364,Recommended,219640,20719031,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Me Franky,"Sometimes you just gotta swing, (unless the guys name is Intim, if guys name is Intim sometimes you just gotta run)."
76561198082661672,Recommended,219640,20740138,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Grandma Jihad,Poked a guy with a spearhis torso exploded10/10 would impale guys again
76561198094591671,Recommended,219640,27117014,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Frantic,"Very addictive game that's easy to pick up. A great laugh with friends, it's definitely got that ""let's just have one more round"" feel to it. It's a must buy in the sale at £1.50..."
76561198157839715,Recommended,219640,27117740,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VooD,I can only say : fooooooooooor HoooooooooooNooooooooooooR
76561197970827543,Recommended,219640,27138742,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tanker3id M1A1,Ok for the price and the fun to be had this game is Way better then some $49.00 games out there and if you like to hack ppls armes and heads of as a hibbie ...this is for you . its pretty dang fun trust me i have a poop ton of games and this on will be my fix for morning staring some noob to death. Buy it you wont be mad with it in your library!!! its only $2.49 on sale!!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,27016023,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zaakery,You hate ballerinas until you become one yourself.
,Recommended,219640,27110779,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ninja_manatee,"Used to kill peeps all the time, very fun."
,Recommended,219640,2670580,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Ловим суку в доме,"взял 4пак. просто супер, море фана, в плане боя и возможностей - все продуманно и проработанно до мелочей. сыровато в плане графончика, но это все окупается морем экшена, советую играть именно с друзьями."
,Recommended,219640,3077647,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,PinPoint,If you thought cs go has a steep learning curve then you are about to experience getting shrekt.Also don't play archer!
76561198090119883,Recommended,219640,27321580,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fenrir,Listening to Manowar and slicing throats
76561198060023622,Recommended,219640,27342035,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Apapin,"Fast paced, fun, somewhat realistic and easy to mod."
76561198064237096,Recommended,219640,27342275,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Inimicus42,Their forces are made up of how much low peasantry!
,Recommended,219640,27359762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dashbanic,"Still the most entertaining ""pick up and play"" game out there.If you smoke while playing, ten times better. The comedic violence gets me every time."
76561198089195422,Recommended,219640,28398968,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DarkUmamA ft. Ŧгєєzє™,Poor people's For Honor
76561198306208260,Recommended,219640,27337815,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GrailFinder,I am not saying that this game is Grail...But I found it.
76561198040917846,Recommended,219640,27352951,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KennyKyle911,"Fun game, they did a really good job."
,Recommended,219640,27355002,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ducky nig ga,hell yea i love sword fight ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198095156629,Recommended,219640,27355569,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RE@PER,Such an Awesome game just play it and thank me later! :)
76561198055490139,Recommended,219640,27357449,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Solaire,Noice
,Recommended,219640,27333331,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BearSlayer,Very fun and enjoyable.
76561198092352188,Recommended,219640,27313577,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sky Longtail,"I have no idea what im doing and i love it. Only thing i wished never existed was the ""leveling up"". Or the unlocks, they are broken and tend to reset after hard work unlocking."
76561198318509328,Recommended,219640,27306989,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ScribeX,nice game i like because is a rustic one!!!
76561198060294789,Recommended,219640,27073504,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,negoD00N,Press C for FREEDOM!10 FREEDOM out of 10!
,Recommended,219640,2215445,"Posted: 23 October, 2012",all,Zapp Brannigan,sick fist person slasher !!!
,Recommended,219640,10896880,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Crodo,choped a guys head off 10/10 would play againIts also very gud my friend
,Recommended,219640,27080578,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cyrolis,"A really fun game, but with bug :/"
76561198099225473,Recommended,219640,30928791,Posted: 3 April,all,Spooker,"Stupidly simple, but bloody brilliant. With For Honor out, I thought it would be the end of Chivarly. However, For Honor's far too overcomplicated, so if you want some mindless limb-chopping goodness, Chiv is definitely a good option."
76561198319342743,Recommended,219640,27254868,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chrysler,"gg is a good game, good , good good sheit. good game real good. 100 100 100 Toixc community thoooo"
,Recommended,219640,30934841,Posted: 3 April,all,OG_TravisNator,love this game. i would suggest playing with friends for a better time.
,Recommended,219640,26553605,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,-Ryouichi-chan,"OriginalNow in the state that it is in right now with the low population and the people that do play are fat no lives that do crazy shi# like hit you with a over head looking at the sky and some real bs and such plenty more to cover but no reason to cover more of that topic...well I don't think the devs are very active with this game but there is not much of a hacker problem well at least no crazy aim both but that's just my experience but if there is a bug don't expect it to be fixed for a long time...now let's get to the servers that are not mention for low levels...yeah after level 15 have fun with killing people you going to die ALOT at least for me I get like 5 kills if that with 10-20 deaths on some matches and expect some God level 30-50 that have crazy response times and no real honor full way to kill you they will spin around and exploit a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of tactics like spearing you when you have like a 0.8 milseconds to block and the over all crappie Ness of trying to learn how to play the game when you can't even hit someone before dieing...trust me it's happened...and if you get the game get it on saleOver all 4/10 for the average Joe8/10 for the MLG fat fuc* with no life and has to much time on their hands...Edit:Now that i have spent more time on this game it is not as bad as it first seemed.  It is not easy in anyway I am a long way from that but I think is much more fun.  You can fight on equal terms with most people given that your reaction times are acceptable but some people are just too good.  Those are people who spend 300+ hours or so on this game.  People do take ballerina class still but unless it is a vanguard just get range on them and hit them when they are recovering or along that time frame.Overall its a fun game.  The community is quite nice to some degree but there are a lot of high levels that are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  The community is also small, You tend to play with the same people over and over again but there are still some new people coming in once in a great while."
,Recommended,219640,27325781,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xDanish,"Want to decapitate people with a battle ax? How about charge across the battlefield, sword swinging? You can do that. This game is fantastic, the true epitome of medieval combat :D"
,Recommended,219640,27326274,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Animal,Would teamkill 4 players to kill one enemy again. 10/10.
,Recommended,219640,27293188,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FoxInTheBox (Birthday),Extremely fun.
76561198047584380,Recommended,219640,21633653,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,TUNA,"Great game!Lots of fun.I have played this game for a long time.You do not have to be skilled to have fun, just use a bow and fire shots into the crowd!"
,Recommended,219640,21679307,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,PringDing,FOR THE ORDER!!!
,Recommended,219640,21681715,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Magixas.!,Hard to play but very interesting! Would recommend!
76561198080789576,Recommended,219640,21676352,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Forrest Gimp,power
76561198156123407,Recommended,219640,21669445,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dhicci,"This game has some bad reviews. That is because of players that reach rank/lvl 15 and go to the ""real"" servers freak out, because that's where the real game starts. I'm talking about whirlwind attacks and backspins. The point is, it suddenly get's hard, but when u keep playing (and being badass) u LEARN."
,Recommended,219640,21743211,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Mrtoby,"this game is mostly people spinning around using weird animation exploits now, but it's one of my top 5 multiplayer games"
76561198028201723,Recommended,219640,3857947,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Sir Lagalot,"This game features very fun medieval combat. It can be hectic to the point where it might as well be a teamkilling simulator. However, the combat system is gold once you learn how to use it. The community is welcoming and most people are nice. The various gamemodes keep things fun. It features some of the funniest taunts I have ever heard in a game."
,Recommended,219640,25742379,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,DownsyaHDO,"After spending more then 1800 hours of my life on this, it was pretty good. was worth some of my medieval coins but ok.This were my most houred game on my steam account.6/10 will recommend it againNote: I also reached lvl 44"
76561198041881655,Not Recommended,219640,15366653,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Fonkey Dong,Trolls get you riled up.Mods ban you from server instead of trolls.GG mods. You suck.
76561198009668617,Recommended,219640,2589228,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,TC Sullii,When your head gets cut off and you see it's view....enough said
,Recommended,219640,8303976,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Brother Manard,"Well, what can I say about this game? It's fun about 20% of the time. It's a good game at heart, but honestly, the developers are that lazy. The game has been out for a long time, and they cannot be ♥♥♥♥ed to fix it! ""HELP LOOK AT ALL THESE GODDAMNED BUGS HELP US PLEASE"" Their response: ""Look guys, we added a new Logo and some Helmets"". And then when they finally get around to the bugs, they FIX ONE TINY BUG, AND EVEN THEN IT MAKES ABOUT FIVE NEW ONES.Rant over, it's a pretty fun game. Although it requires you to be pacient, you will not get good at it overnight. You will have to get beaten up by everyone else. And slowly, you will learn, you will get better and start becoming the person beating other people.All in all, don't be fooled by the store page. It makes the game look so much better than it actually is."
,Recommended,219640,21741153,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Wobble Wub,"Great game, extemely competitive. Rage will be had.If you can't handle getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked to get good at something, do NOT get this game. Otherwise taking the time to endure anger and getting better makes the game extemely fun."
76561198079408950,Recommended,219640,21735115,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Cpl. Cuddles,Probably the most fun I have ever had develpoing a hernia.
,Recommended,219640,21172647,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,✪_Sotgun_✪ ®,It´s really really good game. It´s realistic and bloody :D
76561198019248281,Recommended,219640,21631281,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Nathandapixel,Its really gory but the story is great.
76561197964614317,Recommended,219640,188581,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Izo,"This is like couter-strike...except its melee and set in medieval times. Really, really fun game and has a high skill cap. Tons of weapons, game modes and 4 classes for different playstyles."
,Recommended,219640,21593065,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Furious South,Added mod: Lightsabers. Had fun slicing people apart as the medieval Darth Vader. 8/8
,Recommended,219640,21579162,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Puddin Pop,"Pros: Great Swordplay, Awesome Team Objective Maps, MODS.Cons: Rarely Updated, Animation Glitches, Usually One Hacker per Every Session, Unless you can find a decent server with nice people, you'll have a bad experience.This game was awesome, but I stepped away for a while. Came back to see it riddled with cosmetic items and the same issues. Worth it on a Winter/Summer Sale and if you're playing with friends."
,Not Recommended,219640,16368986,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Bender Bending Rodriguez,It is awfull optimisated.
76561198083716614,Recommended,219640,21737828,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Sha Lin,"It's a fun game to play but in my opinion only with friends, if you have no one to play it with I wouldn't recommend buying it :D"
,Recommended,219640,5833900,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,fdsdh1,"Great game, future classic"
,Not Recommended,219640,20367780,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ImApollo,How to play this game:Launch the game.Get rekt by someone inside of Russia who only speaks russian.Uninstall the game.My life in a nutshell.
76561198227221848,Recommended,219640,20182636,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,\\:WrEnCh:||:DeD_sEc://,I absolutley love how you candecapitateandchop arms off peopleBut i would prefere it if you brought the 1st person death cams back. or at least have a toggle
76561198016382413,Recommended,219640,20546424,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Marty Robbins,veri god gaem men :^)
76561198260559663,Recommended,219640,20600928,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SitH-Cooki3,"One of the first games I bought, and I dont regret it. I had alot of fun with this game and still am having fun. The low rank servers are great for the new players and they are great for getting you used to the game and how to battle.The community isnt all bad, most of the servers i have played in contain really nice guys.Thumbs up from me!!"
,Recommended,219640,26378675,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Sir Niggs,Want to get your head hacked off by a greatsword spinning around like a ♥♥♥♥ing beyblade? This is the game for you.7/10 Would play again
,Recommended,219640,26372766,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,König Amkmkta,"a great,fun game and easy to be played with friends"
76561198188083907,Recommended,219640,26420457,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TheBeat,Like
,Recommended,219640,26412755,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ボンバルティス氏,.
,Not Recommended,219640,26423372,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Moshi csgonecro.com,Everyone is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,219640,26334651,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ACHTUNG,OLD tiem csgo =))KappaKappa
76561198121130975,Recommended,219640,26279781,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,The Friendly Bard,best game ever
76561198195401113,Recommended,219640,26350540,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Я Русский,п
76561198329047720,Recommended,219640,26352280,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,XFX RX 470,Great Game!
,Recommended,219640,4783649,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,Divisor,"If you like to divide enemies, then this is just for you!"
76561198124463930,Recommended,219640,26075185,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Heavy cookie,is good
,Recommended,219640,26076294,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TheFamousChrisA,This game is difficult to play against some people but it is very unique and a hell of a lot of fun =D  I wasn't expecting it but I'm glad I installed it for the free weekend because I bought it for $2.50 and it was worth every cent.
76561198332361158,Recommended,219640,26074327,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Nigerian Prince,I can burn my teammates and laugh at them10/10
76561198027439118,Recommended,219640,12679928,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Django13,"Awesome game,Lots of fun!Heavily distracted by the extrodinarily expensive DLC, also really sucks that you can't unlock different armor,you need to buy different helmets and so forth.Fun nether the less"
,Recommended,219640,12683768,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,takizawa,YOUR MOTHER IS A ♥♥♥♥♥! Best realistic screaming-taunting at your enemies simulator
76561198000092176,Recommended,219640,12685012,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Falcore,Some of the most satisfyingly challenging sword and shield combat I've ever seen in a  game. Very fun.
76561198025270475,Recommended,219640,12686424,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,12drew,"LOVE THIS GAME! Not often do you come across a game where you can decapitate and mane your enemies with a single sword stroke, Giving you a real sense of AW when there are 50 players slaughtering each other with a wide range of medieval weapons. The game modes are amazing as you must work as a team to push past objectives or go to free for all and let loose the power of your sword! One of the best games i have played (in terms of maintaining my enjoyment/attention) must play 9/10"
76561198039842054,Recommended,219640,12663953,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,pencil,AUAAUAAAUAGGHGGGHGHG!!!!!! Simulator 2012
76561198046288610,Recommended,219640,12665926,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,SyC | Drawence,good
76561198017350176,Recommended,219640,3095877,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,Týrden,FPS with swords and spears? Now we're talking! Highly recommend it  everyone!
,Recommended,219640,12669473,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Leiaderp,"My favourite game! so much  endless fun! although it can be hard to get used to fighting at the start! you'll quickly pick it up! everything is fun about it, so much different objectives to do in multiplayer, free for all! then there's mods like black knight and horde mode! so much fun! well worth the money! 10000/10, yes 10000 out of ten because reasons."
,Recommended,219640,4066543,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Azio,"Pick Up Action on the get go. Play simple, play hard. This is a game that uses pretty simple action techniques and makes them difficult with accurate timing and direction. Only interesting for the short bursts of action packed combat."
76561198070716346,Recommended,219640,12602629,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,OnlyBoostedInThisGame,"well i bought the game on steam sale ... and i can say that it is worth the money. It has some bugs .. to control the characters u need skill and alot of  practice , but overall it is a good game"
,Recommended,219640,12606635,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,WhiteWolf.G2A,GOOD
,Recommended,219640,12606932,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Guy Ferrari,"8/10 This game is ridiculously fun, but it has some moments when the team balance is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. However those are just SOME moments, and most of the time I'm having fun chopping people into oblivion."
,Recommended,219640,6835979,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,ILYA-2715,хорошая игра
,Recommended,219640,12611189,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Ste,Hilarious and frustrating but more importantly fun.I give this game 23 Barbara Streisand's out of Peter Dinklage!
,Recommended,219640,12641950,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Skorian,Good game.There are many dirrections successors to games such as this could take that would be very cool.
76561198052383953,Recommended,219640,12644784,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,BatshitTodd,
,Recommended,219640,12753144,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Vercingetorix,"I've been saying they should do this for years... a FPS that focuses on melee fighting, but is extremely complicated."
76561197992339924,Recommended,219640,12829338,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Professor Cuckulus,"Top kek, worth on sale."
,Recommended,219640,12833288,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Mackan804,Awesome game. It's really hard to master the weapons but when you succeed it is so satisfying.
,Recommended,219640,2252516,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,cumlord,If you like Medieval based games this is the game for you.
76561197992497662,Recommended,219640,13294451,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,MacQuefoi,For Agathaaaaaaaa!Warning: May cause tendinitis because you won't stop playing.
,Recommended,219640,13294621,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,TheVoiceOfTravis,Chopped alot of heads off 10/10
76561198166871105,Recommended,219640,13591935,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,StabbyMcStomp,Hack and slash at its best. no regrets in buying this game.
76561198067495740,Recommended,219640,13592085,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Plebeian,game is fun. i have fun when play game. everyone should buy game because game is fun to play. killing people is fun.
,Recommended,219640,13595610,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,VENOMOUSbullet,LOVE THIS GAME. Most fun fun i have ever had with a medieval based game.
76561198082788932,Recommended,219640,20060226,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Arms Dealer,"i have injoyed this game, for one if you have played it on xboxone youll see its way better on pc"
,Recommended,219640,20121388,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MisterJingles,"I would reccomend this game to people who are into FPS games. It is a little slower in combat, as one has to learn the class stregnths rather than spray and pray.Solid game play."
,Recommended,219640,20095665,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Donldof .H Trumpler,So anoyingly realistic that you actually get stabbed in the chest through your computer screen.
76561197992723699,Recommended,219640,1396727,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Angus McScrote,"The only multiplayer game that leaves me regularly wanting to gently extend my hand through the screen and gouge the eyes of the player, who deftly side-stepped my attack feint and chopped my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ arm off..."
76561198052318971,Not Recommended,219640,20131591,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,remixzwE,"Knights with Shields an heavy armor can outrun and outbunnyhop bowmans.That was enough for me to delete this game after 3,4 rounds. Its just terrible. If you buy it for 2€ in the sale its maybe okay, but everything more than that is just pure waste.."
,Recommended,219640,357281,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Shadow©,♥♥♥♥ POLEARMS ♥♥♥♥ THEM ALL
,Recommended,219640,20135422,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Godhand,Awesome game adn extremeley fun with friends
,Recommended,219640,20135889,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,cyka,JOGO MUITO♥♥♥♥♥♥DE ESPADINHAS
,Recommended,219640,20122910,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,inDe_eD,Accidental TeamKill Simulater 2015
76561198063213340,Recommended,219640,20131052,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,VerzapierZy,Picks archermisses shotdeadPicks knightswings swordkilled 3all are teammates10/10 would get kicked again
,Recommended,219640,20011318,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kuningas Negros Mustavalkoinen,Quick Pros and Cons review:Pros:-A well made combat system-Yummy graphics-Fun for the whole family-It's fun even if you play for a couple of hours-There are ALWAYS server you can play on-A fair selection of gamemodes to choose fromCons:-Cancerous community-Rainbowing knightsTOTAL: This game sure is worth it's money.Mason/10 xxxddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
,Not Recommended,219640,20033109,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Grey_Ghost,"If you are ready for a historical accurate set of weapons, awesome classes, and deadlywarrior show off then you are the right place. But if you are also ready to accept♥♥♥♥♥♥balancing along with horrible controlschemes and no sense of range and mechanics and having a feel for you weapon. Then Buy this game! Beacuse it is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to fighting.Example: You stand face to face with a archer he throws a spear at you. actually he shoulnd even be able to lift it beacuse it would already be through your face! beacuse you are so close. But this game says hey! Now you can just throw that spear even tho there is no space and just get a kill...."
,Not Recommended,219640,20036671,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,▂▃▅▆▇ZeZo_XD⎝⎞,bad RIP Money
,Recommended,219640,20009508,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sanic The Edgelord,Nice medieval hack and slash.
76561198043277693,Recommended,219640,20009766,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,I'M A TOUGH COOKIE!,BEST GAME EVER MADE
,Recommended,219640,3707543,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,HeadShoot,Прикольная игра купите её непожелеете есле уже у вас она есть? То поиграем!
,Not Recommended,219640,20051497,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,macaroni,"The community seems to hate me a lot with this game, when ever I join a server a vote kick is set asap ITS AS IF THERE IS A BIND TO KICK ME!!! I never actually got to play, my record for staying in a server how ever is 20 seconds (I am quite proud of that) I am sure the game maybe good (I can't say) but the people who play are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (well at least those in the servers who voted to kick and ban me and let's not forget about the people that told me to kill myself).10 /10 would refund again"
,Recommended,219640,20051572,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Adonexus,"Not worth 25$  but i like the game for the 2.50 i got it for on sale. The combat is clunky and slow, you die more than dark souls, but its fairly addictive and quite fun. the archer rarely has a use, and customization is pretty slim, Not saying its bad, but get it on sale or else you're going to be very disapointed."
,Not Recommended,219640,20051765,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,JosephTC,Can run most games at relatively high settings but this game is terrible it is very slow even on its lowest settings and not playable
,Recommended,219640,27063299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mezeer,"Pretty fun game, good graphics, decent community and is underrated."
76561198169417383,Recommended,219640,27060212,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Black Phillip,Super bloody fun! a bit repettitive.
,Recommended,219640,26058749,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Airsick Lowlander,"The best time to play Chiv is when it`s on sale. You can spin around in the middle of the enemy team spamming lmb and no one will notice10/10, waiting for the next sale."
,Recommended,219640,26059278,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,5Pence,"I like this game, this game is my sh!t"
,Recommended,219640,26059348,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Some Random Fuck,I love the game but alot that was once there is now gone.the ragdolls and the death animations are completely bugged and over half of the animations are missing.
,Recommended,219640,26062736,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ravioli Chef,"its good, but blocking is broken af"
76561197960736839,Recommended,219640,50841,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Monk,Best Medieval FPS Fighting game ever made
,Not Recommended,219640,25925991,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Neat Neet,i paid full price for this only to get killed by people abusing the overhead hitboxes
76561198119076730,Recommended,219640,26034791,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,LCPL Teo,"Really love this game, the only bad part is the team killing, the graphics are amazing and the gameplay is great, takes a lot of practice and skill highly recomment 8/10"
,Recommended,219640,26034863,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,v_8,100 PERCENT RECOMEND10/10GAME OF THE CENTURYYEAHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197990897264,Recommended,219640,26025707,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,EyeTry,"Took them 10 years to finish this great game...Funny,gore,tactic,action...Buy !"
76561198075415607,Recommended,219640,20122214,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,PLOXI ✠,Awsome and fun game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fun to slash through youre comrades and enemies
,Recommended,219640,20106948,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Devoldo,"A fantastic battle of something other than wits... Pure button smashing and well-timed parry’s is what this game is all about. From its horribly voice-acted old English taunts, to its Unreal Engine beautiful beheadings, this game will make you want to go back to medieval times with an inkling for siege weaponry."
,Recommended,219640,20100514,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sheer Breenius,"Saw 3 people fighting in FFA, ran in, swung at them, killed them all and cut off one of their heads.10/10"
76561198074297371,Recommended,219640,19958126,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Chris,cool
76561197970591462,Not Recommended,219640,19475962,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,lindell,Unfortunately patched beyond its past glory days. Excessive mouse-dragging as core game design and the toxic community makes this game more of a medievally themed playground rather than the chivalrous melee carnage it used to be.
,Recommended,219640,13148159,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Lapis,Decapitation simulator 201410/10
76561198087754698,Recommended,219640,10973272,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Listerine,Once you get good at Chivalry game the game fun as hell. Just kidding you never get good. Still fun as hell though.
,Recommended,219640,19812286,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Husky_Guy,For the KING!
76561197997563875,Recommended,219640,26085682,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Body Count,"I tried it wih my friends during free week and we had a ton of fun!I also played it completly alone for few hours and it was also fun.Now i have 4pack and I will continue to have fun with my friend and alone.Combat is solid, emoted are AWSOME, scenarios are very cool, maps are great and enemies are scary.Overall great and fun game for multiplayer pvp fans."
76561198311749332,Recommended,219640,26085930,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,YayaGutale,nice
76561198280075962,Recommended,219640,26086296,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,50 Cent,Really good and fun game has good Graphics good quality and realistic
,Recommended,219640,26085413,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Qubex,Press C to FOOOOORTHEEEEEEEEEORRRRRRRRRDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRWould recommend 9/11
76561198020215164,Recommended,219640,26085485,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Undead Wolf,"I likje the game, even though I'm lagging because of my PC ant the c***** internet in my country. But I don't know how to play the Deadliest Warrior DLC.Anyway, I just wish there was a Story Mode to play solo or coop, so that people with worse computers or connection can still play satifactorily."
,Recommended,219640,26091544,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,CaptainD00M,"i got this game 90% off and it couldn't resist to buy it.the game itself is awesome, fast placed fun. after installing it and joining some server i had no idea how to play but some swing here and there and you learn it pretty easy. customization is awesome, but it had microtransactions :C. dont get me wrong you cant buy yourself an advantage here this isn't pay to win. the microtransactions are rather for skin and looks, nothing more (CS:GO thingy). you cant buy a overpowered sword to win here. each weapon is unique. but its not the weapon that you need its tactics, and timing. good weapon cant compensate for bad skills but good skill cant compensate for a bad weapon. like a archer killng a knight with a butter knife.anyway killing and gettig killed is easy. sometimes you outnumber enemies, and sometimes the enemy outnumber you. and sometimes you shoot the head off your ally with a high powered crossbow. oops :D"
,Recommended,219640,26087189,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Spazey ダンク,Had been a better game if you could put your♥♥♥♥♥♥out and shout instead.
,Recommended,219640,16960322,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Ghostwalker,"i played on coldfront and it was the first time. i got king lol.not sure what to do, team said ""down syndrome king."" and i didn't care. we lose.next map in the rotationinternet lag spike for like 5 seconds, get votekicked by former team member from coldfrotn directly.all of these flavours and you chose to be salty :(great game."
76561198259785424,Recommended,219640,26193522,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,DeXter,"This game is awesome, Really awesome...splitting limbs is Awesome. ;)"
76561198065492296,Recommended,219640,6401014,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,OmegaBC4Lyf,Bloody awesome. Quite literally
76561198263920869,Recommended,219640,26139638,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Vivi Morningstar,"This game is great, a wonderful take on the FPS genre while really giving it a unique Medieval feel that few other games can share. At the same time it feels a little too Team Fortress 2-ish, and archers can be either easy slaughter or extremely difficult depending on the player. So far my favorite classes personally are Vanguard and Knight but Vanguard is hard to do. In order to be a proper vanguard you have to keep your opponent at a set range and stay away from walls and rocks or other environmental objects, a slash can be fatal to yourself if it's done too close to an object while staying too close to your opponent will mean you lose your only advantage when it's 1v1 with a Knight or Man-at-War: Reach. The Vanguard is great for quick strikes and keeping enemies at bay with their reach, get to close and the other classes speed will completely wreck your reach and damage. The same is said for Archers, and while each class is different Knights are the most played. Simple, easy to use, great at blocking and sparring, they're heavy and medium speed, perfect for starters. Make sure to have your shield out, it's one of the Knight's specialties, and their sword is wonderful for pierce attacks. A quick jab then that shield up in case your opposite tries something, which they usually do try to riposte."
,Recommended,219640,368535,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,Ghost Mutton,It's basically Medieval Counterstrike. ♥♥♥♥in buy it.
76561198114774918,Recommended,219640,13580440,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jamie Stewart,this is a fun game to play and the dlc
76561198036692578,Recommended,219640,13580650,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,♦Baked Nugs♦,"Beautiful ♥♥♥♥fest of blood, swords, and screaming mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ knights."
,Recommended,219640,13581318,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jasian,♥♥♥♥in' brill
,Recommended,219640,26118564,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,combee is op,"Take call of duty, make it medieval and take out supply drops. Boom. You got Chivalry: Medieval Warfare"
,Recommended,219640,26119351,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,❤ Akarin ❤,11/10 would Love to kill Dem Noobs
76561198068520584,Not Recommended,219640,14765222,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Audiophile,"Update.Originally i had this as a reccommend but now, i change that. the community isnt that great at all. regardless of being nice or being mean, hell talking at all somone has a smart♥♥♥♥♥remark. secondly the physics make no sense really half the time your sheild is hit through or guys with full metal move like they are a kenyan on speed running for the gold medal. people who seem to have ""skill"" do these moves that again no person would be able to do in real life. and the people you face are genrally die hard try hards that only play this one game only. only chance you have is the rank 0-15 servers after 15 sorry games over. just wait for games like kingdom come deliverance and such this game is like a call of duty infinite warefare. with swords and no jetpacks.This game never gets boring. i love jumping into the game ready to kill and the soft music plays in the backround as you hear the screams of people dieing from being stabbed"
,Recommended,219640,26092127,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Coyy,>Downloads the game>Check controls>Find Servers>Spam Battlecry>AGATHAAAAAAAA!>FOR THE KING!>AGATHAAAAAAAA!11/10 best scream simulator
76561198095275117,Recommended,219640,19937611,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rallekid16,"it's fun and very challenging i would recommend this because i love the game just because swords, medieval stuff and decent graphics. 10 outa 15 rambo bunnys. (didnt pay for it though but its pretty cool ;D )"
,Recommended,219640,19904813,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,East,Sick fun
76561198054742771,Not Recommended,219640,19932194,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Ichigo_san,"Game is good but community is the definition of Cancer. Players raiding servers (mutilple trolls working together to spoil the fun), greifing and no admins in sight to ban the trolls."
,Recommended,219640,19934706,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,a connoisseur of dank memes,"This game is one of the most funniest and trustable i ever have played. I swear people in this game are like canadians, so politely. Teamkilling is not often seen, 0 lags, 100 % fun"
76561198120819402,Recommended,219640,14633615,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,[Ψ] Sir CrazyChicken,"Awesome game, though extremely difficult to get used to when first starting out if there's none to teach you. Overall though, once you get into it, with perhaps 20-30 hours, it gets real fun. What with all the voice commands and the occasional chopping of a head. The community for the most part is also very friendly and I'm sure there would be a person or two willing to help you learn if you'd ask ;) Overall, a very good game, highly recommended by me, and I'd rate a 4/5 hotdogs"
76561198038566313,Recommended,219640,7428278,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,schietschijfje,A fun Medieval MMO FPS Hack and Bash
,Not Recommended,219640,19933577,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,MoleJuice -CLERIC-,"This may be due to high server loads but still not an excuse.The only Issue I can find is that the Multiplayer side of the game isnt working at all, as in I can join a lobby/game with out a fault which is goodHOWEVER when it comes to actually picking a class and joining the fight it seems to auto-disconnect me from the lobby as in I can see all the players as I noclip around but they are all running in one direction so I cant actually play with freinds or any other players in the game. At first I thought it was my internet but my upload and download speeds are above average so this shouldnt be a problem and my ping is a stable 34msPlease Fix!"
,Recommended,219640,19883185,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[デルタ]DeltaUnknown🐺,"Chivalry: Medieval Warfar (in general):A game in which you play as an honorable knight with a lot of weapon choice.The gameplay is fun and exactly how you would expect a Medieval War would be.outdatedChivalry: Deadliest Warriors (in general)The gameplay is kind of the same only now with mreo classes like Samurai,Rome soldier and a pirate and perhaps slightly faster, slightly.Chivalry: Medieval Warfar (personal):i hate and love this game at the same time, in the few minutes i played it it was epic but oh so annoying, probably cause i played with a bunch of other people who got it during christmas, yeah welcome to a game where you can kill your own teammates.... seriously your own team is mreo likely to get you killed then that army of enemies infront of you. the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ people is exactly why it frustates me so much.Chivalry: Deadliest Warriors (personal)Error 404 this part of the review could not be foundFinal Verdict: Enemy Spy is in our Base  7/10P.S. Despite the fact i refunded this game its still a good game if you overlook your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ team members which are like 3 players atleast when there's a sale, however in my personal opinion teh gameplay was to slow, i like my games fast (no not sonic fast!) like Killing Floor 2 or Team Fortress 2 in which you directly enter the battlefield instead of going thro like 30 secodns of walkign simulator"
76561198206320509,Recommended,219640,18171125,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Private Euler,good idea and fun to play.
,Not Recommended,219640,19922056,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Cactus,"Well, after reading some reviews on the game I finally figured out why many people I battle contort their bodies into unimaginable and unrealistic proportions to hit me.... Exploits. Screw that."
,Recommended,219640,19922813,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Pal,yes very good. much swording and bowing. the warfare is very good.
,Recommended,219640,409524,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,IceIYIaN,"Like Age of Chivalry before it, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is badass! The only problem I have with it, is even though I got a new computer a month before it came out, I have an integrated video card :/ Unreal Tournament engines and integrated video cards don't mix :/The low resolution is made far worse, as Chivalry's HUD doesn't support low resolutions at all and I cannot see anything...It's well worth the buy, unless you're in my situation where you have a bad computer or no graphics card."
,Recommended,219640,19858674,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,tired,sword slashkill the mangod damn 10/1000000000000000000x200000000000000000000
76561198089982532,Recommended,219640,19856117,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Meme Magus,"Oh, he is smart like my shoe!"
,Not Recommended,219640,19848027,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,RangRang,Nowadays the community is filled with tryhards and people exploiting glitches...
76561197962473973,Recommended,219640,19905375,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Frances Farmer,"wow what a game,   in-tense!...  also pretty scalable on graphics"
76561198168490122,Not Recommended,219640,19898786,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,TheBattyGamer,"Shallow, repetative, if your looking for call of duty with swords."
76561198013762565,Recommended,219640,19905679,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Helmsman,"Addictive skill-based game, plenty of tricks to learn. Prepare to get♥♥♥♥♥♥on :)"
,Recommended,219640,7855712,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Budget Bender,"Best game so far, some bugs on Deadiest Warrior, other then that its great! 8.5/10"
,Recommended,219640,7855818,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Anonymity,Great game
,Recommended,219640,7856662,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Wiggles,Game can be really fun with friends but the quality is pretty awful. I would only get it if it's on sale for dirt cheap. It's essential the same exact game as the mod was just slightly less laggy.
76561198100184953,Recommended,219640,7856969,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Jonathan,very good game
,Recommended,219640,3587429,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,ENDERthegamer,Hilarious! Shouting out and then having your head taken off by a broadsword is just priceless.
,Recommended,219640,5172563,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,large lad,TO ME TO ME TO ME ONWARD ME TO BROTHERS TO BROTHERS ONWARD TO ME ONWARD BROTHERS TO ...GLORRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYY. ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRGHHHHHHHHH TO ME TO ME TO ME TO ME TO ME TO GLORRY FORRRRRR DEEE ORRRRDDAAAAAA TO ME TO ME TO ME FORRRRR AGGGAAATHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAA TO ME TO TO TO ME
,Recommended,219640,7857163,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Homu,"Probably the best Medieval game to date. Very fun and hard to learn. At time's it's unforgiving but as time passes and you grow accustome to the controls and the skills needed to get kills and dominate, turn out to be a lot of fun decapiatating someone or blowing their brains out. Excellent Game, recommend if you like melee style fighting that requires skills."
76561198055823596,Recommended,219640,7857347,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bark Man,Great game! 10/10 Best thing ever. I never want to go cold turkey.
,Recommended,219640,7857482,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ShakeTheSnake,"wow... just wow, this is one of the best FPS midevil meele games you will find in a long time."
,Recommended,219640,606689,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,yakuza963,Mu-hu-hahahahaha!
,Recommended,219640,706130,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,John,I tire of mead. I THIRST. FOR BLOOOOOD.
76561198030728140,Recommended,219640,7858441,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Pheasant King,Great
,Recommended,219640,7858497,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Average Dog in Attire,IT HHAS THE ALIGAROTRASAS
76561198045880133,Recommended,219640,5168140,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Fox Raving Mad,"The Sounds, the energy, the mindless powerful violence. Not since the first Gears of War have I felt this degree of amusing carnage. A first to third person online♥♥♥♥♥kicking that can only be described as: Simple Fun. The option to be tactical and precise or just let loose and swing like a madman. Let it not be said no good game ever came out of 2012. I rest on my statements and say: If your raging in Chivalry your trying too hard. This is fun even without friends and the servers normally hot with activity. To not pick this puppy up would be to deny yourself free cake."
,Recommended,219640,7858800,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Shutout,stab people in the face you say?!?!
76561198065666364,Recommended,219640,7858837,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,cruzmonger123,I think Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a pretty cool guy.  Eh kills all teh Masons and doesn't afraid of anything.
76561198028152491,Recommended,219640,7859275,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Bismar7,"Call of Duty Medieval Style; Its a hack and slash with skill, but sometimes you get outnumbered. There is potential for organized team play. The sounds are well done (I've heard it called screaming simulator 2013 a few times lol) and the animations, while rough, make sense.Tons of simple killing fun!One thing I really liked about this game is that I never had a single bug come up, never had any problems running it.Two thumbs up from me!!"
,Recommended,219640,25830574,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lord of Pizza,AGAATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198086562788,Not Recommended,219640,21024528,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Zig...Zag...,high ranking players aka ballerinas destroy the game. pretty sad how exploits are widely used
76561198092543573,Recommended,219640,26038598,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Lt Coin Slot,The game is really fun if you just want to run around killing.  It brings a neat view with the knights and kings theme for the game.  You have a little backround but you can create the story you want to feel.  It is really fun playing with friends and bots on the maps and game modes they have.  It really sucks that you have to pay for some the helmets and armor.  10/10  would kill for my king again.
,Recommended,219640,26038766,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,McDuck,How could anyone not like hacking off the limbs of your enemies and watching the hobble after you in a vain attempt to get revenge?
,Not Recommended,219640,26038822,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,halflings,"Was looking forward to playing Chilvary, but the game is *very* badly optimized on Mac OS... I already played many games with superior graphics on my Macbook Pro (16Gb ram, i7, nVidia 650M), but this game is sluggish even with medium to lower details. (even if it's supposed to work on lower configurations than mine)"
76561198000976171,Recommended,219640,26034717,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,RLTZ,DEUS VULT
76561197964671552,Recommended,219640,26039451,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Potato,Fun
,Recommended,219640,26039492,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,{FU}Xolotl,Quality First Person Slasher by talnted and devoted devs. Also Linux!
,Not Recommended,219640,26039890,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Hoffer,I cant even get pass the tutorial. They dont give you enough information to learn how to block (left out a key thing and I had to go to outside help to learn) and it freezes everytime I leave basic training and move onto choosing a side. Really frustrating.
76561198285285656,Recommended,219640,26040893,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Nicktron420,"For Chivalry! This game is awesome pick up and play multiplayer action. Insane that the sale price is 3.50. Everybody should own this game. If you disagree, slerp a terd. Because you are wrong."
76561198081426786,Recommended,219640,26040907,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,pogal,brought it because it was cheap and I hooked. just one my first ever free for all.
76561198128464423,Recommended,219640,26041429,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,General JBeans,are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?
76561197964665535,Recommended,219640,26149117,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Cpt †iddles™,chop                                                        slashmeeeeeeew
76561198190530511,Recommended,219640,26149662,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,oppai_pool_2000,Deus vult
,Recommended,219640,15767707,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Guts,"Great game, you manually aim everything! This is one of the few games out there were you have to aim every swing and block. You cannot just highlight a character click or press 1.ProsManual aiming\blocking\swinging\shootingIn depth, yet simplistic combat systemTeam objective multiplayer mapsDecent graphicsMap Editor (new player made maps! the devs even add the best maps to the official servers)Unlimitted ranksEven playing field, higher ranks have no advantageVariety of weapons~Healthy multiplay community, its never a challenge finding a full game even though its been out for 3 yearsActive developers continuously adding new angles of balance and even free content"
,Not Recommended,219640,12182836,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Road,Don't let these  Candian ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s take your money
76561198041193285,Recommended,219640,13888436,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,gergthegreat,Its Uber-awesome!
76561198164419965,Recommended,219640,13889637,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,WarHawk,hands down best knight game ever!
76561198007567154,Not Recommended,219640,13979298,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,{Avatar}ToshiroBufoonie,"I havent played this is a long time.  I have no idea how they ""tweaked"" it, but, although it has many improvements, it is buggy, loses connections a lot, and has significant lag.  Not nearly as fun as it was a year ago.  Too bad."
,Not Recommended,219640,21262012,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,plumb,"Chivalry's OK, but I consider it a waste of money. That's just me, though."
,Recommended,219640,21201406,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,león,"Great physics, huge maps, medieval themed fps and lovely price.. Get it boiz and play it, it's a good game."
76561198093694443,Recommended,219640,21233665,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Megabears,I shed the blood of a thousand Saxon men!
,Not Recommended,219640,21235230,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,IsaidNOTnowMUM,Game is great until you're thrown into the deep end when you reach level 16. Why isn't there more level segregation?
76561198071601724,Not Recommended,219640,21234770,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Juke Nukem,nah dont like
,Recommended,219640,21237078,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Clayman264,"This game make me want to through my laptop across the room!!!!!!!!!!!! I cant stand how much i f'ing die, but with that said its hard and it not like anything i've ever play'd.  8/10"
,Recommended,219640,21220619,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,FeelsBadMan,tk simulator
76561198049813688,Recommended,219640,21220115,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Maximae Ignatius Magnus,"Very Fun Medieval Them Up. Fun to play, But hard to master.If you like the look of it ( youtube/trailer ), you should definitly buy this beheading-ism"
76561198096112240,Recommended,219640,21022247,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Nolan,"Not everyone has a great internet connection all the time, so the obvious option falls to playing in singleplayer with BOTS.This is where the game undeniably FLOPS: its AI. The older updates had good AI, but then for some reason, it got awfuly worse. So, to shorten this review:+Sick combat animations+Pretty good imersion+Well used gore+Great maps+Great objectives+Big variety of servers+A lot of fun!-If you have bad internet connection and want to play with BOTS in an offline game... well, you can't play because the BOTS don't attack eachother, don't go for the objectives, don't even move sometimes depending on the map, basically this game has online and offline gameplay being offered, but only one of them works.-Bugs-Even though there's a lot of servers, joining them might be a 10-15 minute struggle.General review: Awesome game with awesome multiplayer, good graphics and simple and fun mechanics. But a lot of SIMPLE work could be done with the offline games, being terrible AI and bugs so current, that online games are the only thing this game has to offer for now.                                                 8/10    B+       80%  -  Worth buying for those who have good internet and low ping."
,Recommended,219640,21044629,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ᴸᵘᵏᵉ | Its A Vybe Bruh,boom boom cut ur head
,Recommended,219640,21042110,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jelloteaa,"Onward Brothers, To Glory!!"
,Recommended,219640,4395148,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,venom,"An awesome game that is about as close as combat can get. painfull and infuriating, but when you kill the enemies, it makes it all worth it"
76561198019446039,Recommended,219640,27407730,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wise Old Man,"Not a bad game, weapons feel heavy like they should. Hard to get into."
,Recommended,219640,27406486,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪ Russian Seal (Road to Silver1),"""Your wife, is a hobby horse!""10/10 tilting everyone"
,Recommended,219640,8693039,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Ciruelo,Put off some heads and enjoy it
,Recommended,219640,23544779,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ayyy Lmao,fun
,Recommended,219640,2669148,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Ricky Chaang,reminds me of layin in the cut back in the day
76561198005241331,Not Recommended,219640,10168796,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Skei,"See the Garry review as he said everything I can think of, I still like it but don't really play anymore."
76561198138833976,Recommended,219640,24521842,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Cakemagic,One of the best multiplayer games I've ever played. People's usernames alone make this game great.
76561198161413349,Recommended,219640,21691698,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Talaras,"This game is great. Honestly...but its also wonky as hell. Here's what I mean. Chivalry has realtime strikes or hitboxes, meaning that the sword IS the hitbox. This makes the game amazing because of the fact that as the sword moves so does the hitbox. This allows for some great plays, or absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tactics. You see, because there are a multitude of strikes you are able to use, you can make the sword do all kinds of wierd♥♥♥♥♥♥ In chivalry, your arrow keys move you around, but your mouse acts as your hips. So what that means is that you can do a simple left click (which is a swing from the right) and move your mouse, slowing down or quickening your strikes because of the hitbox situation. This lets you literally become a ♥♥♥♥ing tornado when you fight people. This makes skilled players nearly impossible to kill if you aren't as good as them. I fail to see how it is ""skill"" though. Too many times has a vanguard rushed me and broken his spine to throw an attack. And yes...you can literally break your spine dodging. This game is fun, but it's also stupid."
,Recommended,219640,18530330,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Julie,"A fantastic Medieval Action Multiplayer First-Person and Third-Person game!Costs only about 4,59€ on most sales and it worth way more than this.Highly recommend this game. Especially if you're into medieval games, fair skill-based gameplay and decapitation."
76561197971108678,Not Recommended,219640,24419108,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,J0]{3R,Things like the tutorial map where he tells you press GBA button to parry made me regret buying this game I never got past the tutorial because the Game try to teach you how to play but with totaly useless commands... what is the GBA button are you kidding me???
76561198086407962,Recommended,219640,24563535,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Chris P Bacon,slice and dice ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ xDDDjk it's♥♥♥♥♥♥dont waste ur life savings u♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198064258664,Recommended,219640,24638861,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,LEGION,BEST Chivalry game there is out there. Sad that the owners discontinued their service  for this game. If you want to fill the hack and slash of a MEDIEVAL KNIGHT or the bow of a MEDIVAL ARCHER this is it. Thumbs up.
76561198213837649,Recommended,219640,24549967,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Fluffy,awesome
,Recommended,219640,14035079,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Chemical Reaction,"The combat is rather dumbed down in comparison to Mount&Blade, and I find myself owning people at Rank 50 as a Rank 12, but overall it's pretty fun."
76561198125970056,Recommended,219640,14035425,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Bravoblitz,"If you like the Medieval times, chopping limbs off, or even shooting constant arrows, this is the game for you. This game is essentially like chess, read your opponent and choose when to strike. Though be careful, or you will be on the receiving end of the dreaded blade. This is definitely a fun game once you get the hang of it. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves the medieval times."
,Recommended,219640,1346370,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Lost,The Game is very sound and moves fast. The 1 on 1 mechanics are very smooth and  is a blast to play.
,Recommended,219640,14024304,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Madman Miles,Got my face cut off.11/10
76561198132624038,Recommended,219640,14031161,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,2D-Kun,Walked in on some guys in a lobby having a rave. Killed them all. 10/10 would massacre again.
76561198097960626,Recommended,219640,14031605,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Alde,"This game is wonderful, You can play without wait any time, there has not lag, its so fast and you can enjoy it immediately, if you are really noob, its not a problem, playing a little you will improve fast.There are four different characters, you can find your best or changing it while you are in the middle of a battle.I recommend this game, its perfect for people who love Medieval or arcade games."
,Recommended,219640,13830292,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,アニメ Hentai-Boy アニメ,This game is amazing buy it now it's so much fun!!!
76561198024449018,Recommended,219640,13830592,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Stalker,"The game is nice, tho I expected more from it. I got easily bored of it"
,Recommended,219640,13831408,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Siegheil420,"Cut someone's head, the body still kneeled down and begged for mercy.He really must hate that head.10/10"
,Recommended,219640,4984319,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Your Average Black Man,One of the BEST GAMES ON STEAM
76561198068094518,Recommended,219640,13832897,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ducko,Got brutally killed by an allied catapult while getting close to completing an objective. 10/10
76561198123777026,Recommended,219640,13835038,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Trumenhuzgro,"Nice game,  but good internet connection is needed, without it, you couldn`t enjoy the game. At first seemspretty hard, but after like 5 H you will get used to it ;)"
,Recommended,219640,1467816,"Posted: 23 January, 2013",all,Överste ålf^,FOR THE GLORY OF AGATHA!!
76561198105079675,Recommended,219640,17307371,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,The ONE true Morty,"it´s like cod, with mediaval weapons,and better  (｡◕‿‿◕｡)"
76561198199096747,Not Recommended,219640,17308623,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,postplayer28,It's too involved with details for a game with little action.
76561198072385504,Recommended,219640,14786494,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Xentel,Cut peoples' limbs off. What more could you ask for in a medieval first person fighter?
76561198102443902,Not Recommended,219640,14739910,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,FireRunnerLighted,"i reset the game and computer, i uninistalled and reinstalled and i verified integrity of game cache. it worked earlier for a few games, and now it wont work at all.....constantly waiting for loading game screen to finish loading.... if you cant fix this problem for me now Devs, i will write up a bad review... just cause thats all i can do after i spent money... and now i cant play online"
76561197990838138,Recommended,219640,1293042,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Etnograf,Средневековое месиво.
76561198193610338,Recommended,219640,17346167,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,[VI] Fafnir Wolfborn,great game love it
,Recommended,219640,7355223,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,PipBull,have really enjoy this game it takes about 20 to 30 hours to get basic understanding of  it which can be a real put off but stick with it
,Recommended,219640,14164354,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ChumpionTV,"Killing someone with your axe and proceeding to cut their body into pieces even after their death has insued, is really satisfying."
,Recommended,219640,14195449,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jeremy Corbyn,YOUR BRAIN IS AS DRY AS A BISCUIT AFTER A LONG VOYAGE! (Cit. Soldier)I love this game :D
76561198034737270,Recommended,219640,14146266,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Bops,Goty
76561198032200642,Recommended,219640,14146458,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,+Preist+,"Game is great!   Violent ,Humerous ,exciting, 10/10   The price steam is charging two thumbs down a couple months ago you could buy this game for half the price . Fans generate some free content  Steam slaps it in the game and sells for double???   cmon stop the rediculous overcharging"
76561198076556895,Recommended,219640,14149324,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Samskyrim,it can get a bit laggy
,Recommended,219640,13944036,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Pyromayniac,"The cool thing about Chivalry is it's so versatile. It's entertaining simply for a casual gamer but also exciting and challenging  enough to be fun for even the most hardcore of gamers. The fact that you can switch between first and third person means that it's adaptive, i.e. people who've played a lot of War of The Roses can play third person, but someone used to playing FPS games can use the first person. The sheer amount of weapons and the time you have to put in unlocking them means you can play the game for days without ever being bored. One of the reasons I loved the game from the outset was the detailed tutorial and the low-level servers which eased you into the game."
76561198028183573,Recommended,219640,3856247,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,Armies of Exigo,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_3VZDb7pj4AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,219640,17808709,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,vtipoman,"Well...Game is goodCommunity can be awfull, but there ARE servers with admins and auto-balance.Also top kek jokesI'd say buy this if you enjoy team v team games, especially with melee weapons."
,Recommended,219640,23870665,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GET_SCHWIFTY,Good game to mess around on also very funny with friends and i am just about to buy the DLC :)
,Recommended,219640,23828857,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Reinert Zerker,Hell yes
76561198055496591,Recommended,219640,23867686,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,CriticalGore,"I really like swinging my sword at people.cuz its easy,and it does a lot of damage..."
,Recommended,219640,24246232,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Gabe,Taunt simulator 10/10
76561198119216903,Recommended,219640,23078812,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Sam,blood and memes
,Recommended,219640,30780080,Posted: 27 March,all,Caleca,It's fun.
76561198103121424,Recommended,219640,30780089,Posted: 27 March,all,JETIX™,fun game pretty cool.
,Recommended,219640,20881458,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Spookytown,"Got killed by a man wielding a forkblocked 4 weapons with a daggerkilled a crazy axe man with my bare hands10/10 would fall through the map againI can’t take another night watchin’ grown men fight,To music made for teenage girls."
,Recommended,219640,23121925,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Cryton,"A nice medieval game that can be fun to play. Is it worth the full price? Not by a long shot. There are many problems with this game as you have probably found out yourself by reading thorough other reviews. Long story short, if you would like to play it occasionally and don't want to spend too much time on it, get it when it is on some discount/sale, otherwise you will be disappointed."
76561198225925820,Recommended,219640,23390330,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bot Gary,"i have a copy of the game only used in these countries: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, Moldova, Republic of, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Russian Federation, its a great game 8/10 would rate pm me if you would like to trade anything for it"
,Recommended,219640,23390572,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DeadRevenge,Challenging but fun!
76561198038862043,Recommended,219640,23491195,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,[Itz]Havok,"I hate hack and slash games but from all the one's I have played Chivalry is the best by far. The graphics are crisp, the mechanics are decent; I don't like the bow and crossbow mechanics but the sword and sheild aspect is mint. The battlefields and actual multiplayer battles are well done and fair. If you like hack and slash games... Chivalry is the way to go bro!"
76561198132919364,Not Recommended,219640,22870436,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,The ClubberFuck,no
,Recommended,219640,23494820,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Dyrenex,Great game!
76561198005815613,Recommended,219640,23475571,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Jokez,This games combat is some of the best. It remembers me of QWOP but with swords instead. Its both funny and challenging at the same time. Really good game.9/10. Highly recommend.
76561198157447784,Recommended,219640,23470489,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Big Shaq,fun to play though be warned u may get slightly vexed.
,Recommended,219640,22975312,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Chucks Fuck & Suck,"This was fun for me, but then I discovered that its just a helicopter simulator. People in the game exploit a bug in the how you swing, allowing them to hit you with unfairly and with no skill, since they just spam it and devs havent been bothered to fix. I would stay away from this game.Update: I started playing the game recently and I have noticed that there arent as many people using the swing glitch as before, im changing my review to something more positive since this game is a lot of fun and some players just ruin it by using that bug."
76561198067023915,Recommended,219640,23124490,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,AgonyClutch,"Good,Kill♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill the king"
,Not Recommended,219640,9131992,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Mind if we dance wit yo dates,Stops being fun after you leave the beginner servers as the game goes from relaxed and silly to one of the worst communities I've ever seen.
,Recommended,219640,7603581,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Sir Llama,most fun ive had wih my pants off
,Recommended,219640,23107195,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Aeimnestuss,Positives:A skill based game where learning your class and how to fight is more important than the amount of time youve been playingGraphics are pretty good for a indie titleNegatives:Lack of storyOnce you are out of the begining servers there is no matchmakingLack of customization except the few paid items
,Not Recommended,219640,9612912,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Chevy,"Originally, I enjoyed this game. However, it is getting worse as time goes up. Weapons keep becoming more and more unblaanced, and the community is god awful. Buy on sale."
76561198154020866,Recommended,219640,23187277,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,☭furious_fajita☭,10/10
76561198255759008,Recommended,219640,23188203,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,robertaylor147,I love this game. 9/10 The only problem I have with this game is that I cant fight with alebards.
76561198044642655,Recommended,219640,23180902,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Eykoramba,"This game is fun and you dont need to be skilled to have fun, if fun is being virtually decapitated due to internet lag. 9/10 would get decapitated again."
,Recommended,219640,30782162,Posted: 27 March,all,beardedstate,"Pretty fun time killer. Not a competitive player, but the bot system makes it enjoyable to play without worry of public ridicule."
76561198128797911,Recommended,219640,27830135,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,exoticstickman,Realistic terrifying medieval bloody warfare at the comfort of your keyboard and mouse.buy it pls
,Recommended,219640,27835961,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,♔ PinkGalaxy ♔,great game.it would be much better if there would be a story line.
76561198099249136,Recommended,219640,27874563,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cactus_Lord,"Great! It was a little hard to get used to and I mostly prefer playing by myself with bots since some people take this game a little to seriously. The progression system is really bad and it reset my progress, but overall this game is one of the only really good medieval first person games out there."
,Recommended,219640,27638904,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,e77or,"I highly recommend this game for those of you who like medieval battles.As long as you play good and perfect you'll be untouchable! It's all about your skill, timing, etcI also played Deadliest Warrior which is more about the class you choose and has better modes to play.Again.. It's all about your SKILLS!"
,Recommended,219640,27641184,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sir FartaLot,If you like Fast Paced Combat. Then this is the game for you. it has alot of character customization and it is easy to learn. The developers have also made servers for new player so you don't get killed in an instant the first time you play this game
76561198261013516,Recommended,219640,27634202,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Blyatman,Netcode is ♥♥♥♥♥♥Hitboxes are ♥♥♥♥♥♥Griefing team-m8s are ♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,219640,27743991,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bærumsgutt,"A little bit clunky, but really fun when you get used to it."
,Recommended,219640,27749808,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,just ignore the adams apple,"This game provides you with salt at it's finest, whether if it's your team, the enemy team, you, or all of the above :)"
,Recommended,219640,27763711,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Posaiden,I quite like it. It's a fun game in it's self. All the goore and the heads that fly off. It's pretty fun.
76561198058663521,Recommended,219640,27761471,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pluto,"Yeah, people swing their swords like they dont have spines, but its not as common as you think and a lot of the community is actaully really cool, I always find myself having fun on this game"
76561198089046168,Recommended,219640,27787318,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,◎ Jester ☆,very different type of fps very interesting and fun to play with friends
,Recommended,219640,27786712,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,End_My_Foreskin,Anuma...
,Recommended,219640,27785317,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,play to win,"Ten minutes in I knew this would be the best $2.50 I have ever spent, and would ever spend again, on a video game. Knowing what I know now, I would pay the $25 too. So much fun, enough combinations of classes and weapon combos to keep it interesting. Favorite mode is team-deathmatch; it's a perfect mode to learn how to play without having to wait for a round to be over. Respawn times are typically between 3 and 7 seconds depending on how much team damage you did with that massive halberd you're swinging."
,Recommended,219640,27856141,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FlippY❤,"pretty nice, but im feeling there should be more class, just saying :)"
76561198028302081,Recommended,219640,27854402,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Onehit,"very cool medieval fps game, with a lot of beatiful maps."
,Recommended,219640,27878690,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tiztd,I like it.
,Recommended,219640,27892737,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bhopping to KFC,"This is game is an amazingly good deal if you wait for a sale and grab it for around 3$It has a fairly good learning curve to it, but when you start to learn the base mechanics its an incredibly fun game that can be very challanging. This game has certainly has held up amazingly in the past years."
,Recommended,219640,27931860,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BlurredHorizon,It's as good as the Black Death was to Europe.
76561198052488428,Not Recommended,219640,17153504,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,DJ Gong's Monkish Musical Mayhem,"This game used to be fun. And then people figured out how to launch unstoppable overhands and twirl attacks that target the inside of your foot with weapons that one shot you.Save yourself the cash, play something else instead."
,Not Recommended,219640,16049822,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,man of the hour,"hit detection is horrible, like ""wow that guy hit me with a 2 foot long poll and killed me from 10 feet away"" AND THE VOISES ARE SO HORRIABLE ITS AS BAD AS ""RIDE TO HELL RETRIBUTION"" CRAPPY VOISING (ITS ALL FROM ONE GUY WHO CANT ASK FOR SOME HELP WITH VOISES) and the game is very little varity"
,Recommended,219640,404283,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,NineInchNailer,"Free weekend play, it's a great laugh, try it."
,Recommended,219640,17155315,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,80085 | Gamdom.com,"I love being damaged more by my own team than the other team.If you want to fight people that you will never see because you cant get passed the team damage, THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!"
,Not Recommended,219640,17157752,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,meisterbabushka,"Almost 3 years after its original release the game is more unplayable than ever before. After reinstalling and trying to play the message ""You will implode within 5 seconds"" appears the the chat and suddendly ""500.0000 damage dealt from None""  -death, this happens 9/10 times. Furthermore the Man-At-Arms (supposedly light armed and fast class) can't run away from a fully platearmored knight with a giant axe. What garbage. I want my money back. Do not buy."
76561198038596317,Recommended,219640,17159943,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,"=BB,DR= Halbert",Ce medieval!
76561198024155094,Not Recommended,219640,17169059,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,rob1465,If the game Chivalry: Medieval Warfare would let me stay on the game & stop kicking me off I would enjoy the game a lot more .... Ive come to the point off not wanting to play.
,Not Recommended,219640,16984334,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,HisGracetheDukeofErrol,"Only type of its kind, but not worth the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that comes with it, you either play like a ♥♥♥♥♥ or get owned."
76561198115170883,Recommended,219640,16984802,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,GanjiMayne,"Chivalry is an awesome game. It is not easy, but once you develope the controls youll have a blast."
,Recommended,219640,16985466,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Old Man NeeNaw,"One of the best ways to get rid of built up stress. If you don't enjoy watching your body losing its head or arms, or doing vice versa to someone else then this game is not for you."
,Not Recommended,219640,16987269,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Zekkyn,Released in 2012 and now its 2015 there are still plenty of bugs including random lag spikes on official servers and friends in server not appearing on server list requiring to use to command to direct connect to the server.i have put up with this♥♥♥♥♥♥for awhile but no more until they can fix these stupid bugs i will not play this game or recommend it to anyone.
,Not Recommended,219640,16988424,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Jeje TV,the gameplay was fun. the graphic was ok. but always crash like every 10 mins. it's so annoying pls fix it
,Not Recommended,219640,16990420,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,iWish,This geme just isnt guud it has team kill on wtfemtdkwtdts
,Recommended,219640,15310260,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Jacket,"Medieval battle at large scale. With team killing, tarring, firebombing , trebuchets, and of cousre 64 men swarming around in an orgy of death and destruction.Do i need to say more?"
76561198145502136,Not Recommended,219640,27593607,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr.Chuck,"DON'T EVEN BOTHER.I've played this garbage 222 hours, and a can't regret more the waist of time that this ♥♥♥♥ is. Don't get me wrong, the game HAD potential to become the ultimate medieval experience, and at the beggining it's really funny but the community just ♥♥♥♥ed it up really hard and I mean REALLY HARD. The community is the most toxic community I have ever seen.After level 15 you leave the begginer servers and enter the advanced ones... worst thing ever. While the begginers server is like a paradise and a joy to be in, the advanced server is just a pool with 2 or 3 hacker, a TKr, a troll and a ♥♥♥♥ing ballerine jumping and fliyng around swinging a hammer exploting the mechanics and animations and killing 5 or 6 players at the same time. Just don't even try, is not worth it at all.Sorry for bad english :)"
76561197970636091,Recommended,219640,27614382,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Elias Blackwood,Cut enemies in pieces with fast slices : just...gorgeous !
,Recommended,219640,27611748,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,♂Steve♂Rambo♂,"Fun as ♥♥♥♥, even more with friends.Very good competitive aspect with all the hidden fighting mechanics."
,Recommended,219640,27608819,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MHIONGskiee,"Got taunted so hard on this game, 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,219640,28153250,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,purplecheech,Aesome game although alot of lobbys are dead these days! Depends what time you go on I guess!
,Recommended,219640,28181990,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Pope Urban II,"Well my Lords; I don't know where to start. Easily the best game I have ever played. GTAV, Skyrim, Battlefield 1 can all tickle my catastrophe. I have finally met my match with Chivalry, with all to amazing mods, fantastic, balanced classes and gameplay, and most importantly the shouts. Dost thou prayt rogue? I also recommend this game just for the modded game play: crypt mode, horde town and most of all: Star Wars.Long story short please buy Chivalry becasue it is amazing, come hither and watch our rears brothers because the game if worth buing just to listen to the shout system for 100 hours or so."
76561198030203080,Not Recommended,219640,22058432,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Metacarpals,"It's a fun game - except for 'dragging.'Dragging is a technique described by the developers themselves wherein a player moves his mouse to delay (or accelerate) the hitbox of the weapon contacting the hitbox of the target.Once you run into this mechanic being abused by higher level playerswith scripts and/or ridiculous mouse sensitivity settings ...It's just no fun anymore.Nice try, Torn Banner Studios, butthis single issue ruins an otherwise great game."
,Recommended,219640,28235422,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,DEM0N4D,i loved every second of the game would play everyday until i die
76561198148529748,Recommended,219640,25820404,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Skeptical,very cheap and entertaining game I recommend. I mean you can chop off people's heads and stuff.
,Recommended,219640,28291450,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,batmansfriend,Constantly team killed by people who can't understand the difference between red and blue. They also need a few lessons in personal space.10/10
76561198185039370,Recommended,219640,28292774,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Chanis,"PewDiePie is only in it for the money. So if you like middle age games this game is for you, at first you will probably die alot. I died alot at the beginning but you will learn how to do sick combos and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that, so you can be the best warrior out there. Even though Mount & Blade Warband is out here, this game beats it. I just like this game more because of the sound effects and the graphics. The sound effects are really amazing, like when you have a sick battle and you block all the hits the other player does to you i just love the feeling of that. So buy this game right now. 10/10"
,Recommended,219640,28223195,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,[BMC]Nos_42,"FOR GLORY !!!Always wished you could accuretly bash your friends face in with a mace ?Impale him with a spear ?Or shieldbash his spine ?Wish no more for Chivalry is here !Because lets be honest, its twice the fun killing ppl you know.Njoy folks."
,Recommended,219640,1687049,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,BADBREATH,"Awsome game.Come on in and enjoy the head cleaving, skull crushing fun.Buy it now"
,Not Recommended,219640,11519437,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,MustardLuxury,"I hate to tell you this, but I had sooo much fun while playing this game... heres a story that you all must have encountered.-Buys game, total noob.-looks for servers, sees 1-10 level range server-joins and has fun-reaches level 10-""Oh great, now I need to search for a 10-20 level range""-no level ranged servers...-""It's okay, I guess I'm good enough?""-joins ""Noob friedly"" server-7 level 60's-gets♥♥♥♥♥raped-cant have fun cuz of the people that played it for ages-leaves--comes back next year-I'll give it a try again-gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again"
76561198070544335,Recommended,219640,28022607,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AnArmoredHippo,"This game is a lot of fun. You will suck at it for a very long time--maybe forever. It is ungodly frustrating, but that makes every small victory that much sweeter. Every limb you hack off, every knight you spear, and every archer you set on fire feels intensely satisfying--mostly because you've experienced being that sorry ham about 20-30 times before being able to exact revenge. By and large, it's the best medieval multiplayer combat game out right now. It's filled with adrenaline, chaos, and fun.  If you don't mind a heavy learning curve, give it a go."
,Recommended,219640,28085320,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,katerpillar14,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.
,Recommended,219640,14966235,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,FeaReaperz,"Suprisingly, this game isn't clickclickclick win.  The combat is intricate and takes skill.  Only thing I don't like is that siege weapons (catapault, ballista, etc) aren't very common.  Other than that, I enjoy maiming people's limbs off.  10/10 would explode heads with a punch again."
,Recommended,219640,14966940,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,CyberTronic,C button Simulator 10/10 would scream again
76561198029217951,Recommended,219640,8528737,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,BirdBeom,"If you take this game seriously, you're an idiot."
,Recommended,219640,14967727,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,carlos,"I admit, one of the more realistic games Iv played, not 100% realistic but hey its up there!Chivalry: Medieval Warfare offers you intense multiplayer between Agatha (the kings sides) and the Mason order (a general  leading a rebellion). Agatha is red, Mason is blue.Both sides have different looks on their classes, Agatha knights have a more pretty look and the Masons look more battle ready.The combat is INTENSE! It takes time to catch onto the combos and moves to beat some of the good players.I myself aint very good at the game. Now, if you get this game and get frustrated, relax okay. Its not just you that gets man slaughtered, i went 5 and 32 in 10 minutes before. Yeah, not good. But hey, I improved from Dueling some pros that gave me a legendary handicap and showed me some moves!You will get good slowly, you will slowly adapt and learn how to avoid getting beat down easily.I killed a king once.... once... Iv been king once... once..btw beware of archer spam and man at arms dagger stabbing lazer death beam of death players.THE GAME IS AWESOME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS!"
76561198084828552,Recommended,219640,14968446,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SloweyeJoe,"VEry steep learning curve, but worth it. not hack n slash. takes skill, but super fun COOP."
,Recommended,219640,13910138,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sauce,"I gave this game a negative, and I regret it, after playing this game and have some time with it, it turns out to be a cool game where u can log in kill people and leave whenever you want no restriction.Plenty of MODs to have fun with especially the Blackknight MOD"
,Recommended,219640,14955460,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Durant,This is Sparta!
76561198052966251,Recommended,219640,5617442,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,{JOG} bass_lure,Amazing game. I recommend for anyone who enjoys fast paced skilled action in a game. Expecially one with a focus on pvp battles.
76561198062842583,Recommended,219640,15055150,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,jakesonaplane,FOR AGATHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!
76561198112690263,Recommended,219640,14872996,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Depressed Orango,anyone wanna buy me this coz im to poor to have it please ill love you forever...............................
76561197976149747,Recommended,219640,14873164,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Metcalfe,"Brilliant.Community isn't as bad as comments suggested, but still a lot of server-kicks... Just remember to type 'sorry' after a TK is all.Beyond that it's an absolute joy!!! Jump in and get swinging!!"
,Recommended,219640,8084855,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,年轻又有为的玩少.DoYuTV,"This game is one of the most fun games I have ever played. After finishing with CoD Black Ops and Battlefield 3 I've got really bored with multiplayer skirmish games, and I thought that this one will be same as others. But I was wrong... Chivlary medieval warfare is a lot of fun, starting from dismembering my friend or running away from enranged vanguard with axes in his hands. All this happenning while my teammates and enemies wildly shout at each other. But there were two things that dissapointed me:1. Not enough attention to users while making patches. However I understand that developer's team is not so big and it's not very easy to create a game.2. Users who participated in this game from alpha stage, supported dev's, gave feedback on patches (maybe not always pleasing feedback) are now almost forced to buy themselves paid DLC,=When I write forced I mean FORCED, because of how much emotions we put in this game, and we must have this DLC to enjoy one of our favourite slashers.bottom line:Dev's just give this DLC for free. At least to players who are more than half year long owning the game."
,Recommended,219640,14825748,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Baldiie,pretty fun game! very origional idea too.
76561198101877460,Recommended,219640,14832072,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,General West,Fantastic game at a great price. It is a great change from your regular gun games to this sword and shield themed game.
76561198043850740,Recommended,219640,14832647,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Karambwan,Cleansing infidelity has never been more satisfying.
,Not Recommended,219640,14774479,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Divinexkill,"This game is a great over all idea, yet if your seeking something like blood and sand this is not the game for you. its combat system needs much work. and if you find that game please let me know!the game is way to slow and to simpel over all ill give this game a sad (2.5 out of 5)"
76561198006613147,Recommended,219640,14858621,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,LimitlessChaos,"I've only played Chivalry a handful of hours, despite having bought it last year, and in that short time, I've had a ton of fun.Chivarly is a very unique experience among first-person multiplayer games; Chivalry has great melee combat (it's probably not ""technical"" or ""realistic"" enough to satisfy some folks, but I'd argue the majority of people who like games and swords will love it) and there is something VERY satisfying about winning a fight in this game, whether it was one-on-one or one shield+sword knight against three archers who didn't expect a 300LB steel bumrush.Combat in Chivalry is very measured; you have to be superbly careful when you make the decision to swing on someone, and since the game gives a pretty solid block mechanic, the ""alternate"" swings (usually those that come from the opposite direction you'd normally swing from, so you can get past a guard) and additional attacks (kicks, stabs, two-part swings) make for pretty fun combat situations.Ranged combat is probably the game's weakest core point; I'm aware that some folks are maddened more by the bugs and such, but so far my experience has largely been what I'd expect, with few bugs or maddening hitbox issues. Ranged combat on the other hand, is just odd - throwing weapons are a novelty I think, so their performance is acceptably sketchy; however, I found fighting with the crossbow to be a bit odd, and difficult to grasp (something about the effective range and the damage is just off - it seems to fall quite fast and even a point-blank shot doesn't quite kill as often as I'd expected) but the longbow/other curved bows are much easier to grasp.On a parting note, I'd like to take a second to praise the modes the game offers.  There's a scenario in which one team defends a town, a keep gate, and finally the King inside of the keep (with a player on the team serving as the combat-ready King) - this mode is unbelievably fun; constant cries of ""HE'S THE LAST OF HIS BLOOD LINE"" and ""PROTECT THE KING!"" get your enthusiasm maxed out, and the teamwork that comes from these tasks is incredible - you'll have tower-shielded knights blocking the flanks of guys shooting balistae at oncoming enemies as they try to lead a ram to the castle gate; men-at-arms jumping down and running straight at the enemy, only to turn heel and run back toward the keep so that the men above can dump burning oil on the pursuers.  So many memorable moments happen in the combat in this game, I can't do anything BUT recommend it, if you've ever loved the idea of swordly combat.I'm sure the game will show me more of its flaws as I actually get time to play it, but for now, my limited exposure shows me it's full of promise of good times to be had."
76561198127584221,Recommended,219640,14859270,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,bikerangelo,9/10 for the voice acting alone.It's pretty fun once you get the hang of it.
76561197970689498,Recommended,219640,448591,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,TNZ,"Despite all of the layers of humor in this game, it might actually depict medieval warfare the most realistically of all. It also doesn't try to be politically correct by masking killings in some gamey way, instead you just have to try not to step over all the limbs laying around."
,Recommended,219640,14859805,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Tecca,"Of all games, like War of Roses, Chiv takes the cake as being the best. Fluid and realistic combat techniques are portrayed in TB's game. It is a must-have (and cheap at that) for any Medieval enthusiast. With a combination of strategy and split-second thinking, Chiv never fails to excite and keep you on your feet. Whether you're defending a caravan or slaughtering the Queen's heirs, you are 100% immersed in the combat of the time period. An extremely good purchase."
,Recommended,219640,10154693,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,haeshka,"Awful.  Horribly built.  You would think a game made on an already designed engine would be more stable.Gameplay?  wonderful -> if you can get into a game.The game goes into not responding mode just trying to get through the first two loading screens.The game nearly crashes on EVERY single screen load - and takes a LONG time to connect.Now, you, the reader, might be thinking ""well, he's got a crappy computer.""  Wrong.  With 12GB of RAM, SSHD, and 2GB of ALLOCATED Graphics space just for this game - it  should run fine.  It's not even a matter of the established servers - the game just crashes just trying to load itself.EDIT:After playing this for several more months - it has improved.  The game still crashes quite routinely, and you can't alt-tab from the game safely.  But, it has improved. I truly hope they take some genuine effort towards stability."
,Recommended,219640,14899262,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Staple boi,Punched someone's head.It exploded10/10
76561198099945484,Recommended,219640,16106742,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Maharba,Essentially Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is a non free-to-play medieval Team Fortress 2 with micro-transactions on top of the purchase price.I played over the free weekend.+Beautiful graphics+Lots of maps+Lots of gamemods+Getting chopped to bits is fun+Chopping people to bits is fun+Lots of customization on your characters+Great tutorials-Original purchase AND microtransactions.  PICK ONE-Not free to play and has microtransactions.-There are microtransactions which wouldn't be too bad but you have to buy the game.-When you swing and hit someone it doesn't feel like you hit them. It might be just me but I'm not a fan of the combat system.Overall I would recommend if you like medieval stuff and you like team fortress and you don't mind an original purchase and microtransactions in the same game.
,Recommended,219640,16106968,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Il Duce,Black knight mod is monty python simulator 2015.
76561198101854700,Recommended,219640,16106996,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Cpt. Lobster,"It is wonderful! It doesn't have analogs, never seen another game with such detailed fight system. It is not just simple stupid hitting each other. Different types of hitting + body movement during hit + combos + parrying + various weapon - this makes fights very cool and different. Maybe it is not very close to reality (e.g. parrying heavy hammer with a dagger) but it is a balanced unique system.BUT! Maybe it is the most buggy game i played :)"
76561198095156792,Recommended,219640,28092607,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Timmy Turner,Only played a few hours but it was pretty fun
76561198121767775,Recommended,219640,28088280,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Μπόμπ Σφυγαράκης,"The graphics are very good and the game is very realistic and has nice game modes. You can cut off the hands, legs or heads of your enemies. There are alot of different wepons to kill your enemies like swords, bows, spears, maces, throwing knives and axes, catapults, ballistas and others. The combat system is amazing, you can use shields, you can block attacks, parry and kick to break the enemies guard and also faint an attack to trick the enemy and hit them. I bought the game with the complete pack because it costed 3 dollars with 90% off and it was worth it."
76561198234718812,Not Recommended,219640,28201799,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Schopenhauer,"Installed this game 2 days ago. I've played it until rank 8~9, and now I can't play more than 15 seconds in any server."
,Recommended,219640,28118125,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Kebab Removal Unit,"Oh this game has it all really, if ever i've felt close to physically removing kebabs (pirates) it would have been in this gameYou cut peoples heads off, kick people down the legendary ""THIS IS SPARTAA"" bottomless well, and all the while have a jolly good in game emote laugh about it.The only downside to this game is the sweaty people that play it and take it too serious"
,Recommended,219640,28112973,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,BhuffMyPickle,"I love this game, super 420 friendly and just overall great graphics and a laugh and a half to play. I can see myself playing for a while. Trying the DLC next"
,Recommended,219640,6643687,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,Gigantic,"Not as good as for honor, but it's ok til that comes out"
,Recommended,219640,26130050,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,SCHNEIDER,Just mad but very funny game with a realistic moves and dont bad battle mechanic.But i can't play with my friend because all servers have 31/32 players.FIX IT PLS :D
,Recommended,219640,28083349,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,directX is life,Hell ye.Heads cutting simulator.
,Recommended,219640,28319238,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Codiola,"Easy to play, hard to master. The combat system is very intricate, but after time it gets to be very fun. You'll think you have it down, but then you meet someone that is going in circles and dodging your attacks, and this shows that you cna do so much more than basic attacks in this game. Other than that, there are a handful of different game modes from basic FFA/TDM to team objective - which might involve pushing a cart of plague-infested corpses into the enemy's water supply, or simply invading their castle - which prove to be very fun. It's one of those games you can just pick up and play. Definitely worth the buy."
76561198014242654,Recommended,219640,28339621,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Homicidio a domicilio,"A bit difficult as a beginner, but it becomes a great game"
,Recommended,219640,28405818,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Drozen,"Pros+ hours of fun+ easy battle  in certain battles+ felt like in a real competitive+ immesrive feeling of in medieval setting+ Awesome sets of content+ Spot on Mods+ certain  community  is nice+ the  game advertised as playable yes some servers have smooth framrate even  i had high pingi still can enjoy the gameCons- no ingame voice chat- tear drop bugs bogged down gameplay- need port forward to  at least to beat that slow downs- unbalance plays some classes has over powered perks then regular foot soldier- lack of class  this is medieval where is  other faction from other region like saxons or barbarian  why notadd vikings and  spartans in the mix?- customers that bought bundled package still felt lacking  half the content does not unlockcontent  the game force you to unlock these items via rank it took forever.- rude and toxic players this only happened on official server, we cant really avoid these peoplewhen they loose so bad they kick you off from the game."
76561198065735198,Recommended,219640,12710424,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Chara,Hello this is my review i love this game its not for everyone though its hard to play and you will get angry and scream at it ha i do but its a good game. love the challange for it since its hard now its not a solo game my rating for it would be an 8/10 i to buy game if you like this stuff  now listen in this game you have to get upclose in personal or be an archer if your a man at arms keep a close to polarm guys but if your fighting a knight stay out of his reach when he attack jump back and then run to him and attack i love this game im sure you will toBUT THE ♥♥♥♥ING UNLOCKING OF WEAPONS MAKES ME WANT TO MURDER MYSELFother than that fantastic
76561197982403017,Not Recommended,219640,28404123,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Satsujin Jiken,"It can be fun among friends, like pretty much any game. But online play is cancer and seems like during recent discount sales many people bought smurf accounts just so they can slay beginners."
76561198106170974,Recommended,219640,20714994,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Gucci Gang CSOFFER.ME,this is a fun game and is worth a buy 100%
76561198058891848,Recommended,219640,6094166,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,CaiLiN,Saw someone lose their head over a sword fight only to see the other guy have his head explode from an arrow. Would watch again.
,Recommended,219640,323,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Slacken,I like to play this particular game to unwind.  It's amazing what chopping off other players limbs can do for your stress level.
76561197990481154,Not Recommended,219640,14794754,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,★Magnificus★,El juego se crashea
76561198046815680,Recommended,219640,14796342,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,mitchelltown,"This is a really great game! I keep coming back to it. I've been playing it in Windows for a long time and just installed it in Linux. Unfortunately, my AMD graphics card (R9 270x) was performing very badly in Linux. I changed out my card after reading many people recommending NVIDIA over AMD for Linux. Sure enough, a lesser NVIDIA card (GTX 480) gave me better performance in this game under Linux (Ubuntu 14.04).This experience has really convinced me that AMD may not spend enough time on their Linux drivers."
,Recommended,219640,14797746,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,DANK DOOMGUY,Best Team-kill simulator on this planet. 33/7 would chop of their teammates head again -IGN
76561198140250085,Recommended,219640,14798711,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Animal Mother,By far the best medieval fighting game out there. This game is full of action and killing!
,Recommended,219640,8459810,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Boostah,its very k now
,Recommended,219640,14799869,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Tuds,Very fun game and all but mac support be poop but i play it on my windows and xbox! 10/10 what decapaceano again
76561198015166356,Recommended,219640,14699379,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,nreyes14,"So epic. Not as hard as everyone says, I play with a 360 controller and cut ppl down with the knight. Again, so epic."
76561198009707035,Not Recommended,219640,14701028,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Moopy,"I seem to have bought on day1 of the mac release. Suckered in by a half-price tag.More fool me. Can't connect to any server and the game runs with the dock and menu bar displayed.unplayable for me at present. Shame when you pay up front for a game, rather than going for a free IAP game."
,Recommended,219640,14698593,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Kreunz,Running away simulator 201510/10
,Recommended,219640,14702010,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Rasheed Wallace,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Enough Said. When is Chiv 2 arriving??
76561198014404432,Recommended,219640,14702883,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Genkun,"Bought it on sale, I think it's a great buy for 8 bucks not sure about paying 25 but I love it for what I bought it for :D"
,Recommended,219640,14702961,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dapper Fapper,Monty Python: The Game
76561198026896866,Recommended,219640,14703042,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Detective Mittens,"Chivalry is great provided they will iron down the mac port. It needs some work, but proves worthy of purchase during a sale."
,Recommended,219640,14703165,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Jukey McJive,FOR AAAGAAATHAAAAAAAAAAA!
,Not Recommended,219640,14703643,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,The DOMinator (´･ω･`),"The control scheme is utter trash (In fairness, nothing can compare with the system developed by Taleworlds for Mount & Blade, but nothing should. Just copy that scheme. There's no shame in admitting that their system is perfect. Your game should have merits of its own that draw me to it). This is my main quarrel with the game, and normally it would only be a minor inconvenience, but in a fast-paced combat game it really matters more than anything else.All blocks are omnidirectional, even if performed using nothing but a melee weapon instead of a shield. Not only does it make it look bizarre when you block an incoming stab by raising your sword above your head, or parry a slash by proudly displaying your poleaxe, but it makes for a less interesting combat experience. It means that blocks are simply a matter of timing and looking vaguely in the direction of your opponent's weapon. This is not a hard task to master, and you will quickly be able to block proficiently and extend duels by a considerable amount of time. I've also never seen a game with the ""Press Q to Feint attack mechanic,"" that was genius. Here's an idea: can't I just press right control to have the AI play the infernal game for me? Could you really not work out a way of stopping the player character from completing an attack? Every single time I click attack, I have to completely follow through with the strike. There's no possible way I could manually feint?Everything feels sluggish and warped. Like I'm experiencing the world through the defective imagination of a Down's Syndrome sufferer. It seems petty, but holy christ, Torn Banner. If you cannot make arms move in a realistic fashion in front of the camera, why are you even bothering to make a full game? This is normally the kind of thing that doesn't bother me much, but if you look at how your hands move as you're carrying a one-handed weapon, it's very clear that both of them are tracing out a sine wave at intervals 90 degrees apart from eachother, and at just the right frequency that it's so unrealistic I want to tear out my own eyes.The graphics themselves (barring animations) look decent. HOWEVER, you won't be able to see them. I think I have a decent enough graphics card, I've certainly run more taxing games than this should be for hours on end without issue. However, if I put my graphics preset on anything higher than minimum settings, this game crashes every 10 minutes. The graphics are not that intense. Chalk this one up to simple developer laziness.""Yeah, the latest build runs fine on my NVIDIA Titan test machine. I'm sure it'll work fine for everyone with a middle-tier AMD card, just commit the patch.""And that segways nicely into my more general criticism of this game: it seems half-finished. Everything about it screams that it's a prototype. Everything looks so rough and handles so bulkily. Going back to my point about the feint mechanic, it just seems like laziness. Everything looks and feels rushed. This could pass as an alpha, close to being a beta. Not as a finished product, and certainly not a product to be purchased for $25. Do like I did and wait for it to be on sale for $5 or less."
,Recommended,219640,715000,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,arty,"This game is an absolute blast, pick it up, well worth it"
,Recommended,219640,8058274,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Steve Jobs,Da bomb digity. 5 out of 5
,Recommended,219640,8133993,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,[H3NTA1] Titavek | アニメ男,I just play to get lucky bow shots.
,Recommended,219640,8135321,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,*=TWC=* Thee.Defiler,BEST MEDIEVAL COMBAT SIMULATOR YOU WILL EVER PLAY!!!
76561198048086447,Recommended,219640,8138960,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,The Communist Toaster,This game is great.
76561198031588379,Recommended,219640,4070238,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,Locoforcoco,awesome game
,Recommended,219640,8147843,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,whoop,Fun as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219640,8147865,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,UselessChimp,"Great Game highly recomended its a great FPS its very fast paced so you may need a decent computer to run, personaly runs fine for me but just a warning for people with lower-spec computers i would give this 4/5 stars great game but sometimes glitches out ( funny character glitches so i dont care)    great game 4/5 stars BUY IT NOW ITS ON SALE"
76561198009848756,Recommended,219640,27475083,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Frooj,Best medieval FPS that you can get
76561198310244632,Recommended,219640,27741988,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cruiser 3,simple chaotic fun gameplay plus tons of fun mods just be sure to have a good internet connection
76561198059063458,Recommended,219640,30953615,Posted: 4 April,all,KingDroxus♠,They need the roblox death sound effects every time a limb is cut off
,Recommended,219640,27689463,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CarrollFilms,"There is no place to be ""safe"" from."
,Recommended,219640,27689561,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Amps,"Brilliant, would be MLG again but can't be bothered, please nominate this for the ""Tis but a scratch"" award"
76561198063861928,Recommended,219640,27691434,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dmitry [/4],"HELL YEAH, MEET & BLOOD"
76561198475018587,Recommended,219640,27684565,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MrCalma,best first person game i ever played!!!!!
,Recommended,219640,27731916,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The CEO of EA,"Ever wanted to be kicked to death by a headless and limbless knight?Well now you can thanks to Chivalry: Medieval WarfareSeriously though it's a pretty good game, in the few hours i've played it i highly recommend getting it."
76561198122441022,Recommended,219640,27737625,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lefty,"Fun, reallistic and overall enjoyable. Its like skrim with better combat in a competitive setting. Worth the $2.50 when its on sale."
,Recommended,219640,27695541,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MetaMaster,You should buy this game because its awesome
76561198042033419,Recommended,219640,30953966,Posted: 4 April,all,Mari Mew,"I always come back to this game when I want a simple, fun multiplayer experience."
,Recommended,219640,27718058,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,akne,12dos
,Recommended,219640,27871284,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Woah Woah Woah,best game ever 10/10
,Recommended,219640,27870251,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mister E. Legal,"This game is nothing but one huge mosh pit. If you're into getting rushed by high-level players doing the same silly technique that's guaranteed to be unstoppable, you've found the right game. Definitely worth the sale price."
76561198100199930,Recommended,219640,27862340,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,EvilNeo,"I really think that chivalry has got the controls for medieval combat right, instead of moving your camera with mouse directions theres 3 set types and it very easy to understand. However, there is nothing easy about this game, especially when facing higher level opponents because the skill cap in this game is insanely high. I really enjoy the kinda easy to learn hard to master game design and think that they should keep the same aspects in arcane warfare."
,Recommended,219640,27834966,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SRG Toby,Best chivlary game ever !!!!
,Recommended,219640,27846617,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Uchiha Sasuke,sdawdasdawdasda
76561198262724304,Recommended,219640,27709291,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,♕[A]dy The Senpai™,nice game
,Recommended,219640,14133093,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Randy the American,It takes a sick man to enjoy playing this.
,Recommended,219640,27774546,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yips,This game is old but is very unique.
,Recommended,219640,16909413,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Bill Haley,"Great game, but the community ruins it. Teamstacking is waaaay too common."
76561198072107557,Recommended,219640,11813514,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Autisticus,"This review used to be negative, but now that I have thought about it and played this game for a long time I am changing it to positive. For what Torn Banner was when they first started out this game is fantastic and now with Chivalry 2 on the way and TB even making a survey for current players of the game on what they think should be in Chiv2 I really admire them."
,Recommended,219640,16224202,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,sShadowWarriorZz,I have to say that the game mechanics are extremely fun and satisfying. All the time i was playing i was purley just having fun! This game is well worth the price and is a very enjoyable game! 8/10
76561198028534672,Recommended,219640,16785584,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,White Dad,"Yes, yes, yes.Do you want a game that is both casually fun, yet having a worsingly addictive depth? CHOOSE MEDIEVAL INSTEAD OF MODERN WARFARE."
,Recommended,219640,16785913,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Беломор,Most addictive and filled with adrenaline as nothing else!
,Recommended,219640,16787056,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Fair™,"used a server with black knight mod, Got my head chopped off, ran around like a chicken. 10/10 Headless Chicken Simulator2015"
,Recommended,219640,16755983,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Farles,really good like counter strike with swords
76561198069712388,Recommended,219640,16788681,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Gibbomerkstar,"Bought this game on sale for £1.89 and honestly at that price its worth every penny i cant even buy a pint of beer for that much, the game isnt perfect but i can't complain, i wouldn't pay full price as to me its lack of content and story as its a multiplayer only game just doesn't reference it's price but its fun to play with friends, battles are epic sometimes and the gameplay video's do actually show what its truely like to be ingame. All in all if you like hack & slash games with close combat give it a shot as theres nothing else on the market quite like this at such good quality."
,Recommended,219640,16788688,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,implicit,I just can never stop laughing when I play this game. Constant hilarity and ridiculousness.
76561198151277427,Recommended,219640,16798974,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Karieel,"Amayzin, would buy again 10000/10"
,Recommended,219640,16799550,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,RanduhhPanduhh,Worth it for just the Deadliest Warrior DLC. Could play for hours.
76561198050557967,Recommended,219640,16800436,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Hairy Metal Head,i had the best poop after playing this. buy 10 copies
76561198122634381,Recommended,219640,16803942,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,im troy and im gay,"gr8 with m8s, wud r8 8/8."
,Recommended,219640,16804853,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ﮒteinnhjálmr,"Fun, fastpaced first person headchoppin', this is fun and if you like severed limbs and medieval warfare, this is what you have to get."
