user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198187996901,Recommended,219780,32583116,Posted: 19 June,all,theira123,"Holy smokes what have I been missing?!  A whole lot...I've played Skyrim, Divine Divinity Original Sin 1 and 2, Eldar Scrolls Oblivion, Morrowind, Witcher 3, Kingdoms of Amaular, Divine Divinity....  but this gem here... it's the perfect mixture of nolstagia and modern open world Rpgs.  It's where Vampire Masquarade Redemption and Skryim kiss even though Skyrim  was later in time.I must say the reward system (i.e. after you complete a quest) is genius.  You get to choose what you want.  I've never expereinced that before and it's what intrigues me and allows so much personal customization for your adventure and character.Graphics are a lil bit dated, but if you grew up playing rpgs you know how to appreciate graphics and gameplay over just eye candy.The only gripe about this game is I have a high end computer and had load screen issues where screen would just get stuck.  This is a known issue and all I did as others have mentioned was run the 4GB patch and issue was gone!!This game is awesome!"
,Recommended,219780,12851769,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,StoutYeoman,"This is an excellent game, defnitely one of the best single player action RPGs out there. There is SO MUCH content, too! It's not an open world/sandbox game, but rather sets the player on a specific path with the option of doing many side quests. It's old school in that it often requires intution, guessing and puzzle solving on the part of the player. It doesn't hold your hand like some games do, but does point you in the right direction and leave you to find the secrets for yourself.What I like most about this game is that you have a completely open character build - you can put points in any tree at any time and create a hybrid class, though I find that picking a class and sticking with it is a highly effective playstyle.What sets Divinity II apart from many other games of its ilk is that you gain the ability to transform into a Dragon and fly through the game world. It is great fun to fly around the valley battling airborne foes and destroying enemy structures, then turning back into a human to enjoy the fast paced action/rpg combat.The game does have a handful of bugs and glitches that were never worked out. A handful of side quests are not possible to complete and others can accidentally be restarted, but it is not game-breaking. Given how good the rest of the game is, it is a minor issue at best.This is defintely an underappreciated gem and I strongly recommend it to anyone who enjoys RPGs like Dragon Age, Mass Effect or Neverwinter Nights."
76561198040811698,Recommended,219780,10868292,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Darkclaw3050,"I can very much recommend this game to action RPG fans, and it is worth even its regular price tag; even better with a sale.+Graphics are excellent for  the most part+Writing and voice acting both very well done, story lengthy and in-depth+Fully voiced dialogue+Dragon powers like mind reading and transforming into a dragon+Controls are fluid and intuitive+Several skill trees and attributes to advance along as you choose+Variety of regular and magic/rare equipment and weapons+Choose your own rewards after quests such as XP, gold, or items+Playstyles suited for melee, ranged, or magic combat-Some limitations on dragon powers (mind reading costs XP, dragon can't fight ground enemies)-Some battles feel overly difficult and will frustrate some players away-Quest tracker is of minimal use-Aiming/highlighting can be off at times"
76561197985545066,Recommended,219780,19260794,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Gambit [DTM],"Solid 3rd person RPG.  A little older, and it shows, but hardly a pixelated nightmare and it's still entertaining.  Lots of side quests, accomplishments, and so forth.  Helpful maps and (mostly helpful) journal.  Initial character setup is non-binding as you can change your name, appearance, and respec your skills within the game.   Loot is varied and reminiscent of Diablo-style randomization.  You can't craft, yourself, but you can direct others to do so and so customize your armor and weapons and potion loadout.  Quicksave, which I don't normally use, is very convenient here.  The developers made some interesting choices to ensure that you are not an overwhelmingly powerful dragon that can easily obliterate your puny human foes.   In the main game I found that my dragon form missions were not all that difficult.  The expansion, however, made up for that with a much more challenging ""escort mission"" battle sequence.  Flying as a dragon was...  well, comfortable, but unrealistic.  Hovering and circle-strafing seems almost magical!  :)  There is some platforming required to complete the game, but it's minimal.  Very little to no issues with responsiveness of your character, getting stuck, etc.  No camera control at all, which was occasionally annoying but not really needed; they did a good job with the automatic camera."
76561198079230098,Recommended,219780,15980344,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,eyesonne,"I bought this game after thoroughly enjoying Divinity: Original Sin. Do I love this game just as much as Original Sin? Definitely--and I love the developers for maintaining my faith in RPGs.Some plus points:+ Questing. Minimal hand holding, quests that were actually fun and required you to be aware of what the characters tell you. There is some freedom of choice on how you want to complete them as well.+ Exploration. The game rewards you for taking your time to explore the world. There are many secrets hidden around, whether on paper or in a locked cellar--to which the key you'd have to find using hints the game subtly gives you.+ Wonderfully written dialogues and like able NPCs. I'm someone who enjoys games with characters that can make me feel for them. This game has no companions, but the NPCs are so quirky with their own individual personalities, it more than compensates.+ Music and voice acting. If you played Original Sin before this game as I did, you might hear some familiar tracks. I didn't mind, they're well done and really help keep you immersed. Voice acting was a joy to listen to.+ Combat difficulty. Many modern RPGs I've played at normal difficulty are much too easy. I feel that Divinity 2 has done a good job at balancing. I had to make use of obstacles to avoid missile attacks, dodge and heal and not simply button mash mindlessly.Some negatives:- Camera angle during combat when using certain skills bugs out a little.- Not much character customization- Crafting and Enchanting are done through NPCs, oversimplified in my opinion. I loved the manual crafting system available in Original Sin. (Of course, Original Sin is newer.)Summary: Recommended for fans of story driven RPGs. Great for players who appreciate immersion and do not like too much hand-holding when it comes to questing and progression. Also great for those who love to explore and find secrets! Lastly, if you do decide to buy and play it, make sure you play the second part (Flames of Vengeance) that comes included in the Director's Cut as well!Happy Gaming :) I sure had a good time."
,Recommended,219780,16549988,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Nuuskiss,"+Classless character building with various skills to choose from+Fine graphics even on 2015 standards+Characters voice acting & gesture modelling+Fine comedy living in harmony with serious story+A lot of fighting but also some cool puzzle solving (even platforming)+Lifetime (50h+)+You can be a DRAGON!-Main Story could have been deeper-Occasional peaks in difficulty-Quest tracking takes time to get accustomed toMasterpiece! Divinity 2 Dragon Knight Saga is a great and high quality RPG game which haven't nearly reached the reputation it should deserve.The basic plot begins in a small village of Farglow. The main character is a potential freshman recruited by Dragon Slayers - a sect which primary objective is to kill remaining dragon morphing Dragon Knights who have lately  caused more destruction than usual for reason or another. However, through twists and turns protogonist receives the powers of a deadly wounded Dragon Knight thus ironically hunter becomes hunted. Following events reveal real threat who plans to destroy the whole game's world of Rivellon.Gameplay in Divinity 2 is great. Along with main quest player receives experience and rewards from sidequests, loots better equipment from enemy camps and dungeons, charms weapons, etc. The world of Rivellon is filled with nasty enemies like beholders, undead and goblins and it is best to be prepared for fight. As one should be prepared to use mind as well for some areas may have hidden treasures within and can be only accessed by solving a puzzle or finding a key from near.While the fighting system is simple it's also addicting. Left click is primary strike and skills are used by pressing keyboard number buttons which are possible and advisable to be replaced in a right -  and thumb mouse buttons. There is no blocking - only some buffs granting bonuses in attack, defense or spellpower. In addition of buffs there is more than plenty of different active and passive talents to choose from. There is also 5 attributes like strenght and intelligence for an example. The character develeopment is ""classless"" so you can freely choose to build your character as warrior, archer, summoner, battlemage or something between. I recommend to pay attention for character building though because poorly set skills can cause problems later in a game. Fortunantly there is NPCs who can free already spent points for money.As I already mentioned protogonist may become Dragon Knight and this means that he or she is able to transform a dragon, which has its own set of skills and equipment. Con is that as a Dragon movement is limited and it's not possible to burn down enemies moving on foot - only flying hostiles and buildings. In a midway the protogonist claims control of the battle tower where various allies serve with different ways like brewing potions and fetching ingredients.By looking at the graphics it's hard to belive that the game is already over 5 years old. I found myself admiring the landscapes several times through playthrough. Voice acting including many european brogues and was mainly above moderate. I also noticed well placed gesture modeling during dialogues that made characters feel more alive.The adding ""Developer's Cut"" in titles name means that the entire game can be played in developer's mode allowing player to access few tools which are mainly insignificant. However, I found free skill setting helpful to decide which skills to choose and it also allows to reset spent skillpoints without cost.In conclusion Divinity 2 is really good RPG with really good value even if tagged with its normal price. It provides enjoyment for dozens of hours and while the main storyline threats to flatten in the end I was not dissapointed a bit. One of the best of its genre."
76561198045100244,Recommended,219780,17353558,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Mr. L,"Divinity II: Developer's Cutis one of those older games that really surprised me. I could describe it as Skyrim's little brother who chose anot-so-open-worldbutmore story drivenstyle.I really didn't expect much of a game that I bought for 4,99€ but was this a surprise.TL;DR version.Old visuals, mediocre 'on foot' combat, but awesome dragon combat, somewhat good storyline, lore-heavy story, and again,dragon batles. Don't buy if you hate speaking but love beating because there is a lot of speaking involved.Oh and here are some numbers.CategoryRatingGraphics7Gameplay7Story8Dragons10First of all, I would like to say that the game isoldand the visuals definitely show it. Somewhat washed out textures and pixelated shadows are noticable. Although, the lightning, motion blur effects and character armor models look pretty good.The dragon battle sequences is where the visuals really shine(literally).But honestly, who cares about graphics?If I could describe the game's genre,Journey RPGcomes to mind.Whenever you kill some goblins, bandits or black ring soldiers, they are dead and they wont ever come back to life. In other words-the mobs in the game don't respawn(with DLC as an exception), which surprised me but it made sense as I went on. In fact,it's an important part of the game since it forces you to explore the game world. Also,as you progress through the story some areas become inaccessiblewhich is why it's not fully open world.Speaking of exploration,the game is begging to be explored and will punish you if you don't. Meeting npc's and questing is an essential part of the game. There are nomarkersorpointerswhich point the player straight to the direction of the objective. Most of the time questing means solving a puzzle and there are a lot, and I meana lot, of puzzles. When exploring, the player can get gems and ores for enchanting, plants for potion making, money for bartering and most the most important skill books, which give skill points.Let's get this out of the way,you'll become a dragon, that's half the reason why people buy this game ^^.Sadly, first ~10h of the game you'll be spending becoming a dragon, which is a good thing because it adds to the character development. Oh, andonce you morph for the first time it feels amazing:).Dragon gameplay sequences are the most fun by far.Shooting fireballs, releasing novas and just burning the living hell out of anything that opposes you is just as fun as it sounds.On the other hand,'on-foot' combat feels old and stiff. I've only played as a full build, classic warrior so I have no idea about archer or mage classes. Also, there are no definite classes, it is possible to make various hybrid classes asyou are allowed to spend your skill points where ever you want.One of other important things is theverticalityof the game. Using the dragon form to reach different heights to access caves, dungeons, abandoned houses etc. allows the game to feel like an open world. But it'ssemi-open worldat best due to the reason listed above.One of most important aspects of this game is the humor. A lot of dialogue options are hilarious. The game sometimes doesn't take itself seriously and simply makes fun of itself.All in all, I only recommend the game to patient people, who can tolerateolder graphicsand who don't mind spending50%of the gameinteracting with NPCsand the other50% burningand, in general, laying waste to the black ring."
,Recommended,219780,20817371,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,punishmentsmth,"One of the few RPG that features heavy air battle, and lets you walk in air battle maps;One of the few RPG where you can almost mind read everybody, with voiced results;One of the few RPG where you have access to both crafted and random generated gears;One of the few RPG whose script writers still practice the forsaken art of limmericking;One of the few RPG where dodging attacks is actually fun and jumping around is not only glitch free and liberating.. the list goes on.This game puts loads of ""open world"" games to shame in terms of what you are allowed to do."
,Recommended,219780,23322751,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Blood_Wraith,"A new gimmick is introduced: Mind Reading. You can spend some of your exp to read minds and find out various useful information, like passwords, locations of items or keys, or even get the illusive stat/skill point boosts.As well as turning into a dragon later in the game where you can pretend to be the pyro and do the W+M1 thing.Combat is in 3rd person, and only in 3rd person. It's like a more floaty Fable, or Enclave, or something, except you can't block, and you can only dodge and jump. You got your Melee, your Ranged, and your various melee, ranged, and magic active and passive abilities.Also speaking of 3rd person, like the previous games, theres plenty of items strewn about the world, as well as some hidden switches, but why they didn't put in any first person mode is beyond me, because your character's neck is really stiff, and you can only look down so much, and its a general pain to pick most stuff up in general, unless your looting a container, or those floaty item bags enemies sometimes drop.Thankfully, there isn't like 9 different stats to choose from on a level up like the last game. Instead, there's just 5. Although for some reason, instead of the traditional 5 stat points per level up, you only get 4 this time around. That kind of sucks.The game's difficulty is like a coin, on the first half, the game is hard and vaguely unforgiving, and on the other half, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥easy. Like any good RPG I suppose, the previous games did pretty much just that too, and until you get to the second half of the game, you will die many times, and when you die, the game does not respect your time, locks the controls, and shows your character twitching out and dying. So trying to go to the menu or quickloading in rage won't work until the game finally tells you the obvious: You've died, load a savegame. Although quarter way through the game you get access to the battle tower, a base instance of sorts where you can *finally* stash your items, increase your cap of certain skills from a trainer, as well as access to an alchemist, necromancer (managers your minion which you can then summon after you first enter the battle tower), and an enchanter. You can also send out 3 dudes out on an adventure to gather ingredients, ore, and gems for you. They can be equipped better for a fee to do it ""faster"", and reduce chance of injury. So finally, the game gives you a breather after you reach this damn tower. As with the other games, it prettymuch gets easier the further you are in the game. My strategy towards the end of the game was spin to win: Whirlwind spam, as its literally faster than my standard attacks maxed out and knocks everything within range flat on its♥♥♥♥♥or dead. Ahh, classic whirlwind spam. As well as using the not-omnislash move on enemies that must absolutely positively die, that's always fun, especially when it glitches out and plays a really corrupt version of a transformer transforming.The game progresses a bit similarly to the second game, and is roughly split up into 3 acts, once you're past an act, you can't go back. Each act has a fairly big overworld to explore and quest in and whatnot.Waypoints from the first game are back, except you don't need a scroll to activate them. You just approach them and use them, and you're off to an activated waypoint of your choosing. You can jump 4 inches in the air, then later 8 feet in the air, but why you can't sprint in this fairly vast world just brings my slightly impatient♥♥♥♥♥♥to a boil. Although you can get around pretty fast when you have access to your dragon form.Divinity as usual has it's sense of humor, and it's references. I always get a good laugh every now and then from certain dialogues.Divinity II uses the Gamebryo engine, roughly the same one that Oblivion used, so it runs slightly like garbage, although I've only had one crash in my nearly 50 hours of playing. So it's pretty stable, and it loads areas relatively fast. Let me tell you one thing though, it does not feel remotely like Oblivion, except for the somewhat dodgy framerate,some of the lighting, and those silly 2D sprite tree leaves. Although I did get a Morrowind vibe from the game treating herbs and ore veins like loot containers, although unlike MW, this game actually has a take all items hotkey (E), so you don't have to get hand cramp PTSD flashbacks.When physics objects like barrels roll around, they play some sort of ominous death beat on a pair of ghost bongos. I don't know either. It's kind of funny but also really disturbing....And like every good RPG, the merchants will rip you off blind, aka charge you 10,000 gold for that rusty old dagger thats been sitting up the merchant's bum for the past decade, and give you jack♥♥♥♥♥♥for that literal holy grail in your posession. You can mind read merchants to (usually) get them to lower their prices by like 5-10%, or some other minor amount. Doesn't seem to help with selling stuff to them though.A lot of things feel very finite, like herbs will never regenerate, and enemies don't seem to respawn, at least not until the last third of the game. This is what the previous games seemed to do, but it was mostly fine, because the previous games weren't ultra stingy with potions in the first third of the game, and merchants actually restocked. You'll find yourself stuffing your character with food consumables to save on potions early game.Let me remind you, like the other games' AI, enemies will relentlessly pursue you until you're at least a thousand feet away, or incredibly dead. So you have to deal with them, or somehow convince your character to get the lead out and run away for twelve hours anyway.Although the fairly finite resources thing is remedied after you get access to the 3 runners in the battle tower, in which you can send them out, return to the field, return to the tower, and they'll be back in an instance, hopefully not injured and ready to give you the stuff you asked them to find. So you can pretty much farm most of your alchemy/enchanting materials to your hearts content if you want, or you could avoid the serious cheese and just do it every now and then if you have a crippling fear of the game getting too easy.Speaking of cheap, the RNG containers are back. So you can once again save and load over and over until you get some good materials, or recipes, or equipment or whatever. One time I got 2 of the same exact potion recipe in the same chest. Neat.After I beat the game, I was like ""Oh boy, that was pretty decent, now time to take on a silly bonus campaign with my now overpowered character, Dragon Age style!"" Then I proceeded to click New Game - Flames of Vengeance, only to find out it was the last 3rd of the game overall. *facepalm*It's a pretty fun game and gets easier once you get the hang of it. Wish it could have been deeper and more indepth like the older games as well as being a bit more vast."
,Recommended,219780,32232425,Posted: 6 June,all,White Walls,"This game is a good buy if you enjoy hack and slah type RPGs. Game has great character development and wacky British humour throughout. The combat system is simple but allows lots of freedom and encourages cross-class type development. If yo uhave issues with the loading screen hang-ups, download the 4GB patch and it will clear it up."
,Recommended,219780,28419210,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,MW2K,"I like this game but the sky and lighting for me was overpowering, even after messing with settings. It could be just an AMD thing, who knows?The goodBig and strange world to explore. I stress strangeLots of different ways to configure your characterBright and dazzling world (but see the bad too)Interesting in-game lore and historyDoesn't hold your hand in regards to quest progression, what to do etc.Some pretty funny in-jokes and pop-culture referencesAmusing dialogue and voice-over at timesExcellent spell and combat effectsMindreading people adds a new dimension to gameplayGreat armour and weapon modellingChallenging boss fightsFlying and fighting as a dragon!The badGame takes its time to get going. You're halfway through it by the time you get to be a dragon, own a tower etcIt could well be my graphics card (390x) but the world is very shiny and bronze-y, Everything glistens and reflects. Makes many environments washed outOccasionally weird and strange music that's off-putting, and a touch inappropriate for a fantasy game IMHOSome generic step and fetch it questsGame is brutal, even in easy modeSome very generic dungeonsThe fact that it can be difficult to figure out what to do next or where to go may throw off some players"
,Recommended,219780,13101090,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Colored Umbrella,"Roundhoused a hen, picked locks in front of owners, stole keys, took their stuff, made sassy remarks and no one cared, helped a blacksmith steal another man's wife then he gave me discounts.10/10- will steal againThis game has a lot of content and I have found myself enjoying it so far. I tend to do more dodging than fighting, but I'm doing ninja flips so it's worth it. Some of the dialogue is really funny (I found it funny) and the combat is alright. You typically only have one attack button for melee and spells can be assigned to keys. There is more than one mode and it's really fun just to mess around. It runs smoothly on my laptop. Make sure to save where you want it to save. Autosave doesn't come 24/7."
76561198117797619,Recommended,219780,21845796,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Jemolk,"First, let me say that ever since I discovered the Divinity series I've loved it.  Larian clearly puts a lot of thought and effort into their games, and it is most welcome.For this game specifically, if you're a dragon lover like me, just buy it.  Do it, you won't regret it.  It is an incredible amount of fun to fly free and burn everything that dares approach in the skies, but it retains challenge enough that if you get careless, flying demons and corrupted dragons can easily bring your flight to an abrupt halt.In human form, there is an enormous amount of skills and spells that are ideal in differing circumstances.    The variety of enemies is significant.  Many of them fall into categories that make them similar to others, but they're certainly not identical.  Attack patterns are often similar, but even so, don't count on never getting hit, especially with numerous attacks with limited homing capacities or that hit instantly on being released.  As such, there is still a great deal of value to changing strategies against different opponents.  The bosses, however, are where the real challenge shows up.  Even if you've had no trouble up to the boss in question, be prepared to use everything at your disposal, from potions to underhanded tricks such as abusing the terrain, to win.  When you have to fight tooth and claw to get there, though, it just makes victory all the sweeter.The story is quite interesting, though I highly recommend reading up on what happened before the game begins first.  The Divinity Wiki has a story article that gives the background to Ego Draconis, which is the first and main part of the game.The graphics certainly aren't amazing by modern standards, but honestly they're not that bad.  They may not be pure cinematic beauty like something like The Witcher 3, but they're hardly an eyesore either.  The music and voice acting are quite impressive as well.Also, unlike so many mass-marketed open-world RPGs, Divinity II offers actual reasons to explore, in the form of unique equipment, hidden treasure troves and interesting quests.  Poking around in odd corners is likely to turn up something special that was hand-placed there, rather than just another chest of randomly generated equipment that is worse than what you could buy or make.  And even if it does turn out to be random loot, it's likely at least as good as most merchants carry.Unlike Skyrim, with its unlimited supply of boring fetch quests, Divinity II has quests both in towns and in odd corners of the world that have some story and challenge to solving them.  You also won't see a huge floating arrow saying ""quest target is right here!"", instead you will have to use the information given to you by the quest giver and your journal to locate the target.  Don't worry, it won't be that hard to find if you pay attention, and it makes the game significantly more interesting and immersive.I could go on and on, but I'll cut it here with one final comment:  Easily one of the most addicting games I've come across in a very long time.  The others that prevent me from putting this alone at the very top?  Same developer.  That says a lot, I think."
76561198008100614,Recommended,219780,32496645,Posted: 17 June,all,The Mysterious Capitalist,"This is the game the original Two Worlds wanted to be. This game came out in 2012, when fantasy games were abound and stagnating. After Fable 2 and Two Worlds, but before Dragon Age 2 and Two Worlds 2, this game serves as a sort of time capsule, bringing you back to a time when game developers made gigantic worlds on shoestring budgets at the cost of refinement. In an effort to meet deadlines, this game sacrificed ease of control and balancing. The story is not the most original you've ever heard, but it will be completely serviceable if you're looking for traditional fantasy. In the end, Divinity 2 is a lot of fun, but it's also insanely frustrating. Imagine if Dark Souls was made in Belgium, was poorly balanced, and didn't have Z-targeting.You'll die. A lot.You'll be under-leveled. A lot.You'll be quick-loading. A lot.And if you love fantasy settings, then you'll love every second of it.If you DON'T usually like fantasy games, this won't sway you. Go play Pillars of Eternity."
76561198015522171,Recommended,219780,12788438,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,GeronimoR,"I was a little sceptical at first when looking at the reviews for this game but I can honestly say after 40 hours of gameplay and completing the vast majority of the quests that it is well worth playing. Bought it when it was on sale but it's worth full price, definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a typical RPG game."
76561198008857630,Recommended,219780,18332947,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,MythTrip,"This is a great cool game. Classic action real time RPG. I love everything about it, am trying to complete every quest in every area. Anyone with any interest in RPG's needs to try this one!!!"
76561198100031411,Recommended,219780,23445393,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Dawnbringer,"First off, let me start by saying; GET THIS GAME.I'll explain, I've played many open world (and closed) RPG games, and I can honestly say this rank among the top 3 for me. I played this game ALL THE TIME on the Xbox 360, and I'm SO GLAD that PC had a version of it aswell.This game, is a game you can VERY EASILY sink hundreds of thousands of hours into, and I honestly mean that.I'll get to the pros and cons, but seriously, just buy this game.PROS:The dialogue is funny, crisp, and refreshing. There are SO MANY WAYS to approach any scenario in the game. A conversation which can end in bloodshed can just as well end in a new ally gained. VERY GOOD if you enjoyed some of the older Dragon Age games.The storyline is amazing and feels so intricately designed.The characters are unique and memorable and bound to earn your love.The gameplay is dynamic and well polished.Combat is intense and you have a vast array of weapons and spells to tailor to your liking.There are SO MANY quests, and each and every one of them feel unique and crafted with love, not following standard RPG clone formula.The music, the environment, the creatures, all of which are aesthetically pleasing on a grand scale. Every location is beautiful and unique, and you actually feel immersed.The load times are very short, which is nice when you just want to get into the game and play.CONS:While I cannot necessarily fault the game for this, I still must bring it up. The content was heavily reduced and many features and areas were cut for the sake of portability to consoles.No mod support. I feel like this is key for maximizing the life span of an RPG game (look at bethesda titles.)Combat, while I did praise it in the Pros sections, it can be a tad bit clunky at times.That's it. I really can't think of anything else to write here.If you're like me, and love beautifully crafted games...buy this game.If you're STILL hesitant, at least get it on a sale, they have them pretty frequently."
,Recommended,219780,24013269,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,WintericeUK,"A good RPG game that is very much in the Larian mold, though it does have a few blemishes.The (ground) combat is quite basic, aim at a target and mouse click for each attack (no combos, just attacks) with a hotbar for skills, potions, etc.Combat in dragon form is... underwhelming sadly. Much the same as ground combat in terms of mechanics but with the added annoyance that normal ground enemies despawn when you take flight so you can't even make a good zombie bbq.The actual combat difficulty swings between very easy and keyboard-breakingly hard, depending on how tanky you are and if you get stun-locked into place while every critter in the area takes a shoe to your scaley butt.The storyline is good, but not earth-shattering and if you have never played the previous Divinity games you may be left scratching your head as to who certain characters are and why they are so significant.The voice acting ranges from being solid and entertaining to hillari-bad, but overal its tollerable.The graphics are pretty enough, though not jaw-dropping and the game's performance is fairly solid most of the time, with occasional weirdness like the odd ""falling through the world"" glitch cropping up a couple of times and a persistently occuring choppiness and slow-down that kept cropping up after the game had been running for a few hours.So where (if at all) does this game shine? For me, Divinity II shines in the humour that persists throughout the game. There are references, easter eggs and zany antics cropping up throughout the game, but they are rarely rubbed into your face. Rather, when you spot them you can smile to yourself or facepalm at one or another.Score-wise, I giveDivinity II: Developer's Cuta 7 out of 10. An enjoyable title set in an established world which fans will enjoy, marred by a slightly temperamental game engine and a B+ narrative. If you like RPGs then its worth playing at least once."
,Recommended,219780,17095394,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Kayana,"Some things that brought me to the game and allowed me to like the game for it:-For the game's time, the quality is incredible, if you have the CPU power to back it up.-Surprisingly large amount of options in terms of quest decisions, character customization and combat strategy.-The ability to transform into a dragon, of course :P-Great story and voice acting.-The ability to, in a sense, play god and read minds.-Battles never seem boring and at any difficulty present a challenge. Harder difficulties require a battle plan rather then charging head first into the fray.-Surprisingly next to no bugs or glitches.-Incredibly immersive.However a few things that bother me:-There's no day/night cycle, just a constant bloom of an awkward quality sunset/sunrise depending on location.-After a certain point in the game you can fail quests just for progressing in the main quest. Unfortunately it's part of the story but not a big bad thing, just sort of a let down that for someone like me with slight OCD to have to restart the game again just to finish all the quests before leaving the area.-Battles can be harder then they should due to mobs spawning in hoards almost all the time.-Too much dependancy on a pet.-Ground mobs and sky mobs seem to vanish based on whether you are in dragon or human form. Immersion breaking.-Harder difficulties require a limited set of strategies, usually picking the enemies off with bows or magic.Lots of pros and cons but probably one of my new favorites in terms of games."
,Recommended,219780,14235565,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,The Noobfather,"Easily one of the best RPG's I've ever played. I'm a big fan of Morrowind, The Witcher (1), Gothic 3, etc. This game is on par with all of them. The first hour or two of the game, it seems like any other RPG. However, the game just gets better and better (plot wise and gameplay) as the game progresses. The sequel in the developer's pack was also very good, and it looks like there could very likely be a third installment. I'm a pretty harsh critic of rpg's because I have played most of them, and they all follow similiar formulas.The way you can craft your character is unique, and the armor/item enchantment are really cool and essential for late game survival. The game is very hard, and if it ever isn't challenging enough for you, you can set it to ""nightmare mode."" The graphics are good but not top of the line, but who really cares about that. Go play crysis if all you want is graphics.In conclusion Larian Studios has found an avid new fan - for creating an RPG MADE FOR PC GAMERS (so tired of console ports), and you can tell they spent a GREAT deal of time on every aspect of this game.Ratings:Gameplay: 9/10 (What other game can you turn into a dragon and attack flying fortresses? The transition is flawless).Music: 10/10 (Really great original music - made the game that much better).Plot: 7/10 (It's hard to have a completely original plot, but I don't know of any other dragon knight games...the plot was good enough to keep me interested and the boss fights are awesome).Graphics: 7/10 (Very good in some areas, okay in other departments).Game length: 10/10 (Very long game - and the side quests are usually worth it and actually interesting).Overall: 9/10GOOD JOB, LARIAN STUDIOS!! THANK YOU TAKING THE TIME TO MAKE A GREAT RPG FOR PC GAMERS!"
76561198052486379,Recommended,219780,32974737,Posted: 28 June,all,henrik.steen,"5 stars!This game bears comparing to Skyrim. The graphics are not as beautiful, but it has a better interface on PC and  the script and puzzles are superior. The ability to transform between dragon and human makes for better combat and the monster AI is slightly better than in Skyrim. The skill tree is simpler, but FWIW I prefer it that way - not least the ability to reconfigure it later in the game.Overall, I enjoyed this every bit as much as Skyrim for different reasons. It's easily better than Fallout 4 (on story and playability)."
76561197969749884,Recommended,219780,23506630,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"I don't remember the last time I had as much fun transforming into a Dragon and mind controlling people within quest chains to do my bidding. Actually, I don't remember doing these things in any other game, except maybe doing the latter with Jedi mind tricks in Knights of the Old Republic.Divinity 2 is entirely different from the other Divinity games. Larian studios aren't afraid to do new things from different perspectives and they did a great job on Divinity 2. Not necessarily a must have milestone of gaming, but a great game nonetheless."
76561198080032577,Recommended,219780,12805678,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,pwoerflu,"I had fun with this game dispite it's flaws, so it's worth a try if you can spare some cash. Playing as a dragon and fighting on the ground both present a decent challenge, it is impossible to fight enemies on the ground from the sky or vise versa. this does make sense from a balance perpective but it can be rather frustrating to morph into a large group of foes.The scenery is nice enough during gameplay, it is mostly boring and forgetable. The only location that stuck with me after I stopped playing was the battle tower, your personal fortress and base of operations.The dificulty was another problem I had with this game. It is possible that i am just bad at the game, but as any class other than archer I was frequently being killed by basic enemies.Dispite those problems the game was still fun to play so it gets a recomendation from me."
76561197979302304,Recommended,219780,9808726,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Arnuph1s,"The first RPG in ages that I actually finished. It was fun all the way and had a nice balance of humor, good storytelling and action."
,Recommended,219780,16114523,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lunaril,"The sequel to the 2002 hit Divine Divinity, Divinity 2 as well as added DLC, take us further into the world of Rivellon with more modern-styled graphics from it's 2002 predecessor. Still an RPG with interactive conversations, puzzles, and Quests, Divinity 2 allows you to make choices which affect the events in the game. This is a key ingredient in an immersive RPG. Divinity 2 looks appealing, and allows you to tailor craft your character similar to the way Divine Divinity did, but without the need for a specific starting class. The game offers crafting options, as you would typically find in more modern RPG's, such as; Alchemy, and Enchanting, but also offers Necromancy, to control and customize an undead pet. This game looks and feels like a really fun RPG and the DLC is supposed to be even better, so I can't wait to dive into that. If you enjoy RPG's, I think this is one you shouldn't miss. You won't be disappointed."
76561198041401375,Recommended,219780,30622048,Posted: 19 March,all,finrodess,"Hidden RPG gem which I haven't heard much about prior buying. Had a blast playing it!Pros- The combat is challenging. And fun.- The story is fun.- The quests are fun. Fantasy power rangers? You bet!- You can be a DRAGON, flying as one is awesome.Cons- Slow start. Especially on higher difficulty, when you quite often just stay on the spot and wait for your health to very slowly regen.- Kind of old school approach, where nothing is handed to you for free. So there is quite often a lot of backtracking or even googling to be able to move forward (could be in pros for some :).- There is part of a game where you just keep on killing hordes of enemies. Fun for a while, but it gets tedious very quickly and lasts for way too long."
76561198012833532,Recommended,219780,22909307,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"Divinity 2 looks like classic fantasy RPG at first, which takes itself too seriously, but if you give it a shot, you will explore surprisingly great story, quests and characters with just a pinch of humor and weirdness in them. Once you get into second half of game, everything changes radically concerning gameplay, you are no longer knight/mage but a ♥♥♥♥ing dragon flying around and spitting flames everywhere. Combination of two gameplay styles make the game really unique compared to all other fantasy RPGs."
,Recommended,219780,32794683,Posted: 25 June,all,Anicasia,"The game that i'm in love with it. I did every single side quests and explore all maps. That was really great game. Now I'm feeling like i never find anything like that. (Except; Divinity: Origin Sin) And this game has a really acceaptable price. You can buy it on sale, it will worth it."
76561197960455663,Recommended,219780,30718025,Posted: 24 March,all,Naal,Good-Good Story-Great Soundtrack-Fun Quests-Not isometric (i hope they make another game like this one)Bad-Lacks in-depth charachter customization-wish there was more content
76561198156999683,Recommended,219780,33376085,Posted: 8 July,all,skyXO,"+ Soundtrack+ Authentic, original, funny characters+ Good story+ Amazing world design+ Lots of little details to find and a lot to explore+ Different quest outcomes+ Mind reading ability and books give the characters and story even more depth+ Chicken- Gameplay can be a bit disadvantageous at times(- Graphics)Amazing game for everyone who loves RPGs. Good story with lots of little details to find. Since a friend recommended this game to me, I just can't stop playing it. So much to explore, to read and to find. HUGE recommendation!"
,Recommended,219780,27686268,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Stellar Pyro,Cried when I realized this is the last of any Divinity games in this style.
76561198026852317,Recommended,219780,29429138,Posted: 22 January,all,Weofparadigm,"This game is an unappreciated gem of an action RPG. There's so many little thing about it that add up to an amazing package. The music is wonderfully composed, the graphics are clean and expressive, the story is well paced, the humor is done surprisingly well without mocking the serious objectives of the game, and the combat is fluid and exciting. Playing as a dragon is a cool concept if a bit underused, you can only do so in the last half of the original game and the last mission of the expansion. My only real complaint is the combat as a dragon. All you really fight are ballista towers and other dragons while in this mode. As such, you can't fight ground enemies as a dragon at all, so no chance to sweep some goblins with your fire breath. Even so, turning into a dragon in free fall more than makes up for this.One thing in particular I liked was the mindreading mechanic. It opens up a whole slew of new posiblilites for you as a player as you try to decide which character would know something helplful to you. From rare items, stat bonuses, ability points, and all kinds of other little secrets, you'll find a much richer experience if you open your eyes and ears.If you decide to pick this up, spring for the Directors cut like I did. Comes with the full game (which was tweaked from the original version), the expansion (which is really necessary to experience the story in full), Developer Mode (if you like to cheat like I do), and all kinds of extra bits like music from the whole divinity series, behind the scenes videos, and concept art. It's a total bargain for hours of the kind of quality RPG that you can just get lost in."
,Recommended,219780,25959743,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,CaptainKeeli,"this games is a hidden gem on steam,really good if you give it a shot,has a lot of lore and rich story,its one of those games that gets overshadowed by triple A games nowadays,but dont get fooled by that, give it a shot you'll love it"
,Recommended,219780,34910073,Posted: 12 September,all,Micki Ninaj,"Okay, lets just do the good old pros and cons...ProsCharming graphicsDecent voice acting (it has it's ups and downs though...)You can pick any skills you like meaning you don't have to be one specific classInteresting questsEnough challenge as you won't get map markers for everythingInteresting mechanics to help you progress:Mindreading!You get to...be a dragonnnnn!Good AI (enemies + allies)Developer's Cut gives you the option to use the console. It's pretty fun too!ConsGets stuck on loading screens quite often. Thankfully the game isn't too heavy so you can easily force quit it and restart. But of course losing your progress can be frustrating.Challenging is good but you still should be able to enjoy the game and when you get frustrated (by being stuck on something when the game gives little to none clues) you're not having much fun.It's extremely easy to miss quests or leave them half-arsed.The controls are a bit clunky. You'll manage but in the end it's not as polished as it should be.The storyline is a bit frustrating but this might be a personal opinion.Ego Draconis(Con) Can be extremely hard at first, it's not very well balanced but gets easier if you just go on (after raging a little).Flames of Vengeance(Pro) Feels way more polished (everything from controls to area athmospheres) than Ego Draconis but I could be imagining this.(Con) Lots of quests that requiremindreadingand if you don't do it you can't seem to get anywhere.(Con) You can't do yourdragonthing much... :(But yeah overall don't see why I can't recommend this with good conscience to someone who likes RPG's."
,Recommended,219780,24648017,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,SilverKnightDragon,"The First Half is very intriging getting to explore lots of Area, and Im captured by the story of thisd game, I found the second half UnderwelmingThis game has no respawns, none... so you power grinders will struggle with this game.Another thing is its diffuclty, its kinda outta whack 10% was easy as hell the next 5% was out right ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the next 35%$ got easier but a bit up& down(youd slaughter an entire areas henchman without no effot but suddenly get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 3 of them + the boss). then the next 49% was cheese. the last 1% is the final boss for obvious reasons.other than that I actually enjoyed this game, but i find it hard to replay it7/10"
76561198021676032,Recommended,219780,24783311,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Wingthor,"""Divinity II"" is a rather... interesting game. It is an RPG in the same vein as ""Gothic"" or ""Two Worlds"". But what makes this game unique? The dragon form of course! Yes, in ""Divinity II"" you can turn into a dragon at almost any time. Sounds fun, right? It totally is. I had a lot fun playing this game. However, the game does have some major flaws.The character creation is very disappointing. There's a male and a female player model and a small selection of different faces and haircuts, that's about it. That character progression, however, is quite fantastic. Skill and attribute points can be freely distributed, making every kind of character possible. Want a ghost summoning ranger that wields two-handed swords? Totally possible.One of the biggest issues with this game is its inconsistent difficulty. Some enemies are weak while others are powerful as hell, making combat often a bit frustrating. Close to the end of the ""Ego Draconis"" campaign a certain boss had an extremely powerful ""Magic Blast"" ability that killed me in one hit, leaving me no time to do anything at all, so I was forced to lower the difficulty to ""casual"".Certain types of enemies are outright annoying to fight. I don't know why Larian thought it was a good idea to give enemy archers the ""Stun Arrow"" ability. Yes, they can stun you. And when there are more than 3 of them around, they can even stunlock you.Some of the difficulty issues are offset by the regenerating health. When you're low on health, you can just hide somewhere and wait until you are at full health again.Another problem is the dragon form itself. In human form you will fight different enemies than in dragon form, for some reason. Human-sized enemies will disappear once you enter the dragon form, and they will reappear again when you return to human form. I don't know why Larian did it like this, because it takes away a lot of the fun, in my opinion. Exploring Rivellon in dragon form is quite fun though. You can tell that the game's (small) world was crafted with great care. It features beautiful mountains, canyons, towers, everything. It looks fantastic.It is pretty apparent that Larian put a lot of effort into the NPCs, as they are definitely one of the game's strengths. The voice acting and behavior of the NPCs feels quite realistic. The dialogues are a bit disappointing, though. Most of the dialogue options don't even change the outcome of the dialogue in any way. But you can read the minds of most NPCs, which will often reveal new dialogue options and quests.I was quite surprised by the seamless transition between ""Ego Draconis"" and ""Flames of Vengeance"". Once the former's outro cinematic ends, the latter campaign's intro begins, without having to start a new game for ""Flames of Vengeance"". However, the expansion is quite disappointing, partly due to the fact that you're forced to play the majority of it without being able to use your dragon form.The game's story is overwhelmingly unoriginal and I'm not a fan of the ending. It's lack of closure is rather frustrating. I hate it when developers end games like this and then don't release a sequel for several years. And with ""Original Sin II"" being in development right now, I doubt there will be a ""Divinity III"" any time soon...Although ""Divinity II"" has a few flaws and even feels a bit incomplete sometimes (it is quite apparent that Larian wasn't able to release the game's full potential, likely due to time constraints), it is undeniably fun to play and I recommend it to anyone who is interested in RPGs."
,Recommended,219780,22988907,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Tamaster,"Rating:  8.5/10 Very Good===NOTE PLEASE READI have only < 1h of game time because, since i have Windows 10, i must run the game via an external .exe to make it compatible. Steam does not log played time with this different .exeI have played 100+ hours and did all side-quests i found.===Pros & Cons+ Pros ++ Good graphics for its time (recommend forcing Anti Aliasing with video driver control panel since in-game anti-aliasing is crap)+ Good, involving storyline+ Well done interaction with NPCs, open to many choices to suit different character alignments you may want to play+ Varied and involving quests with meaningful rewards+ You can have your very own base and servants, that will do tasks for you, from a certin point in the game+ Varied and totally open skill-tree allows the player to create a custom class free from any boundary+ Great variety of loot to get+ Excellent enchanting and crafting mechanics+ Very challenging game on hard difficulty, which is not the hardest. Nightmare difficulty, which is hardest, is insane.+ Great variety of enemies with different abilities+ Vast world to explore, with many secret dungeons, hidden quests and even more secrets.+ You cannot spam potions / health items- Cons -- Absence of weapon, armor and accessory blacksmithing (creation from scratch)- When shifting to Dragon Form, all the enemies present on the ground (except Towers) will DISAPPEAR and you will NOT be able to attack them as a Dragon.- Ranged classes are overpowered, you can just dodge everything and spam arrows / magic to defeat anything- Ingame anti aliasing is non existent, must be forced via video driver a- You can teleport to your base, when you have the possibility to do so, at any time to refill health and mana. Also in combat. Larian guys haven't you learned this is bad after 2 games?- No respec of stat points, and respec of skill points costs a lot of money===This is a very good RPG. After the failure that was Beyond Divinity, this new chapter is fresh and well made.Complex enough (but not too much compared to other titles), vast and entertaining, it will be good for both newcomers and veterans of RPGs in real time."
76561198035618875,Recommended,219780,21053756,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,kyubinaruto3,"I started playing this game FEB 6 2016, first time in i played 14 straight hours. second time in 12 hours straight. This game is so addictive, its ""nearly"" on par with skyrim in my own opinion. the autosave function could use some work but you can save manually anytime without needing to find a certain spot. manual save often cause you could walk into a new area and find a 10 lvl gap between you and your enemies. you will die alot in this game, but thats like half the fun:). the default resolution prolly wont work for most so i suggest changing it to the second from the last on the list so you can read the stats on your equipment better. As far as what i like about inside the game, for example: the puzzles and tricks you have to solve are pretty challenging but not too hard. as in some main quests require you to find an item like a book inside a verry messy library... yea. its more like exploring is the quest. (who doesnt like to explore?) when in dout, read your books! besides that KILL EVERYTHING IN SIGHT!!!! I'd love to add more but spoilers  :P"
76561198096391394,Recommended,219780,27184555,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Livvy,"Got seduced by a horny chest and then killed by the famous Power Ranger Dragon Slayers.10/10 would play againSeriously, most of the most underrated games I have ever played. Especially the mechanics of turning into a dragon I've never seen in any game ever again. Of course, the graphics are not todays standarts, but the game is pretty old already. If you don't care for graphics and like Dragons and RPG's and a good story, you should give this game a try."
76561198023197403,Recommended,219780,33849196,Posted: 27 July,all,BlackNeko06,"Sick and tired of always hunting and killing dragons?Why do we always have to kill them? Dragons are cool.Ever wanted to join the dragons, or better yet ... become one?Then this game is for you.An older game, with last generations graphics and old school adventure gameplay.One of thoes classics that barely anyone knows - and personally one of my favourites."
76561198064336797,Recommended,219780,12641213,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,vt1340,"For the price point this game is very enjoyable,closer to a hack n slash than a true rpg, but the graphics are nice ,controls are intuitive and combat is fun. Enjoy."
76561198202951636,Recommended,219780,32491004,Posted: 16 June,all,LQ,"Highly recommended. I had a lot of fun exploring the landscape, talk to funny characters, mind read people, slashing goblins... most importantly, it is absolutely exhilarating to turn into a dragon at will and soar high in the fjords. I hav en't quite played anything like this before. This game is a hidden gem."
76561198014704153,Recommended,219780,14737981,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,WolfauraRose,"I really like this game a lot, it's a good RPG, very engaging, interesting story, nice open skills and combat, with a lot to explore.At first I found combat a bit hard, but I find the gameplay and combat fun action oriented and got the hang of it eventually and combat feels too easy now, past lvl 15 I don't have much trouble beating anything. I like the skill tree and that if you decide you don't like the skill you can reset your points and change it. In most games I usually play as a ranger or thief. I of course chose to be a ranger and use a bow, and I like the ranger skills, though the stun arrow is good, but with each point put into it, it only increases the stun duration by 1 second. With combat I follow a pattern, fire a skill and strafe to dodge whatever the enemies fire at me, I hardly ever get hit.And you can't just rush in, I did every side quest possible in Broken Valley before even attempting to do the main quest. Not recomended for those who don't wish to explore, take their time or read.But it also took over 20 hours before I could become a dragon and also get my battle tower, the main base which you store your items, it was annoying lugging around all that stuff and having to sell things I didn't want to as  I was running out of room.It's awesome that you can become a dragon and fly around, but also limited to aerial combat as enemies on the ground will disapear and will only reappear when in human form. And you can't fly too freely as you get invisible walls above and below which is restrictive as well as kind of weird but also undestandable that it's for balance so that it does not make the game too easy if you can just torch all enemies on the ground would make the slayer a bit too overpowered.I also dislike the very random loot in chests, I mostly end up with stuff I don't need unless I want to play the reload 100 times till I get what I want game.I hate that to use the mindreading ability you use experience points, so you end up with xp debt. It is a useful skill as it gives you passwords and lowers store prices or you can find locations of secret hidden items. But also alot of the time you don't know if they will have useful info as often it's just someone thinking something about how he hates guard duty. At first I would save before using it and reload if the mind read was useless, but that got tedious so I just mind read everyone. Doesn't seem to affect my lvling up, I always get plenty of xp and I always choose bonus xp as a quest reward. So not really a problem.Overall it's a very enjoyable game with good graphics, fun game play, beautiful sound track, quest choices and exploration.  I recomend it.I'd rate it 7/10"
76561198049641457,Recommended,219780,25708604,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Marlhaut,"At first a traditional RPG, it soon shows its true colours as a charming adventure full of wacky characters (Bellegar, the Rhyming Mage, is great) and weird quests, but also with many dramatic moments and cruel situations. Personally, I liked that swinging mood a lot, as it offers a contrast with other more straight-forward RPGs. The story in intself is quite long, so it should take you more than 50 hours to see the end.Technically, the graphics are ok (it has aged pretty well) and both music and voice acting are very good. The controls and animations feel a bit disjointed, and that can be a problem in some combat situations and specially in the platform jumping related puzzles, but in general they work well. Also, combat can be a bit unbalanced on ocassions, having you advancing trhough hordes of minions without a problem and then being one-shot by a boss (luckyly, this only happened to me in very few instances, and I was finally able to overcome that pesky enemy). The dragon form didn't add much to me, just another layer of exploration to the huge maps.All in all, a good experience for its presentation, story, quests and characters, with some minor problems with controls and combat.  It goes on sale from time to time, so for my is a win-win."
,Recommended,219780,26572208,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Pervy Sage,"Another good game from the Divinity developers. This game's mechanics and areas are to me, unique. I love the aspect of becoming a dragon and flying around. Not as open world as I had hoped but flying around and finding new items and areas you couldn't reach before was fun for me. This game is definitely worth a 2-3 time playthrough depending on how you want to go about the game. The fighting mechanics aren't that bad either. I recommend this game fully. Story line is actually good."
76561198052679755,Recommended,219780,15561240,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,erevoklis,"I would like to write about this game since I looked the Divinity series with big contempt and this was a shame. The reason was that they always called Divinity an Action, Diablo-Clone RPG and I am a more traditional RPG fun. No matter whatever are the superficial similarities between them, Divinity is very different than Diablo. It is more like an old school RPG, with action gameplay.The Rivellon lore is quite generic, but the stories and the quests are interesting and unique. A better comparison of the game would be the Gothic series. This means no hand-holders in the quests, Few quest marks, and solving quests through reading books and thinking. There is also a lot of exploration and a lot of hidden things in the game. But let's be more ConcreteStory: At first sight it looks like an effort to cash in the fantasy fans love for dragons. This was also another reason for my initial contempt. Even if this is truth, the Rivellon world is full of shady characters and violence which exists beneath the surface of a fairy-tale-like fantasy. Even if the creatures living in Rivellon are quite generic, nevertheless their actions aren't. The plot can get boring sometimes, but it get's really good after the Hero goes to Aleroth, which is full of interesting quests and a lot of funny characters. For this reason STORY 7/10.Gameplay: The game has aged a bit and it is obvious. There are some game bugs but they are not gamebreaking, Using the Dragon can also get cumbersome sometime. Riddles can get annoyingly difficult sometimes. but usually in the side quests. There are interesting and immersive battles and a nice addition of a baldur's gate like pause system. Companions AI is cute, but not fantastic. For this reason GAMEPLAY 8/10 (or 9 if you are lenient because of the age of the game)MUSIC: 10/10(whoever is involved with the Divinity series knows whyVALUE FOR MONEY(I bought this extremely cheap because I liked the Divinity Original Sin in an Anthology offer): 20/10GRAPHICS: OLD BUT CUTE 8/10IS IT FUN? HELL YES. OVERALL: 8/10. An well above the average RPG with it's own personality and being able, despite the flaws to keep friends of the genre entertained for about 100 hours."
76561198025615188,Recommended,219780,30001108,Posted: 17 February,all,=C.E= Gannicus,"Once upon a time, a long long time ago i saw this game for sale on xbox 360. i thought ""it can't be that bad, ill give it a go"" little did i know that this game would not only be one of my favourite games of all time, but one of the funniest aswell.this game isn't perfect ill admit that, but the story and gameplay just makes up for everything that brings this game down (which isnt much really except for some small details here and there such as not really being told what you're meant to do but hey you get used to it)this game also will make you angry at point, there are some very, very difficult boss fights, and parts of the game where you will struggle severely to get through but at the end you will always get a nice reward. some of the puzzles in this game made me scratch my head for hours before i figured them out.then it comes to one of the best and unique parts of this game, turning into a freaking dragon! if blowing up towers and killing other dragons mid flight with fireballs and other nasty features of a dragons arsenal (whatever that may be) this is the game for youoverall this is one of the most fun games i have every played and being able to play it again on pc brings back so many memories. if you like 3rd person RPG's that have a nice mix of humour and deep story then this is very much the game for you."
,Recommended,219780,7765859,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,FuzzX,"I played the DKS version though the Dev Cut is exactly the same single player campaign.Divinity 2 starts off like a lot of typical Western RPG’s with a seemingly standard introductory storytelling experience.  Just when you think the game is being too generic for its own good it suddenly gets epic, it actually takes you by surprise.  Welcome to the world of Divinity 2, Larian Studios most ambitious RPG title to date.The land of Rivellon is a whimsical yet foreboding ecosystem filled with colourful characters and sinister creatures, all of which are surrounded by a gloriously thought out fantasy realm powered by the same Gamebryo engine used in Oblivion. It is a place where talking to obnoxious fruit and getting seduced by lascivious treasure chests is the norm.This sort of fantastical absurdity makes Divinity 2 all the more engaging and places it in a class above the normal RPG fare.Divinity 2 is real time action orientated Role playing experience with dense, yet slick old school RPG elements.  The character creation process is simple yet effective as your characters progress is shaped through the course of levelling up. Unlike some other games in this genre, enemies do not scale and level with you which is a refreshing change, if you fancy taking on a new area with low experience prepare to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you – you will be slaughtered!   This element may initially force you to stay close to home, but it also allows you to flesh out your abilities, strengths and weakness and work towards the goal of combating these high level foes.  If you do manage to take out some high level enemies, the XP gained is truely worth the effort.Throughout the realm there are tonnes of hidden caves, chambers and areas filled with all sorts of loot, all of which will help in your quest.  Weapons, garments and armour can also be charmed altering the statistic values based on the type of charms used as well as enhancing your own skills. Levelling up allows you to assign points to various skills, all of which are accompanied with an introductory video on what each skill does in the real world – a great touch.Later on in the game you get the ability to transform into Dragon and be in command of your very own Battle Tower, I won’t go into any spoiler specifics with this but it presents the player with a completely new gaming mechanic in regards to both combat and fast travel.  Certain locations can only be accessible in Dragon form and populating your Tower is an excellent well thought addition to an already astounding RPG.Pop culture references feature throughout Divinity 2 in humorous abundance adding to its charm and appeal.  NPC voice acting is fantastic, breathing life into a densely populated land.  The characters you meet all have there own motivations and needs which you can manipulate to your advantage with the Dragon Slayer power of Mindread – with often hilarious results.Both Divinity 2 and the sequel Flames of Vengeance are excellent examples of the RPG genre that are definitely not dumbed down for the masses and will provide a richly rewarding experience for any player willing to invest some time in the land of Rivellon.I can definitely recommend Divinity 2: The Dragon Knight Saga if you want an in-depth, charming and highly playable action RPG, I grabbed it on sale off Steam a while ago and have put well over 100hours into this game. Divinity 2 has all the popular RPG staples such as lore, books, thousands of weapons, items that can be “charmed”  and presents itself with golden age RPG sensibilities with no constant hand holding."
,Recommended,219780,26425844,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,The Haunted Houseman,"If you are looking for a game that has:- a feminist witch that turns men into talking vegetables- a chest that seduces you into 'getting inside her'- a farmer who is secretly(?) in love with his pig- lets you troll innocent people into getting killed by a tree that shoots lightning- meet the infamous dragon slayer power rangers....and the rest is also pretty sweet i guess:the characters/quests/story is really good and inventive with great humor(and with a nice plottwist in the story you wont see coming)10/10gameplay is okay (enjoyable but nothing astonishing either)but the loot and equipment is pretty cool..and the love to detail is great! there are many hidden details/riddles/secrets, which i feel issomething missing in most of todays games!8/10overall:9.5/10(not 10 because sadly there are some things that feel not completely finished; which is exactly the case as you can see in the documentary stuff that comes with it)->  a hidden gem imo!mostly because of the damn good humor and great characters/story and the a little more old fashioned level design with lots of details to discover"
76561198017437464,Recommended,219780,28963706,Posted: 2 January,all,EmperorSultan,"If you want to get into this amazing universe I and cant play Divine Divinity or Beyond Divinity then I highly recommend starting with this one, but before that watch the retrospective reviews of Divine Divinity and Beyond Divinity on youtube, name of the channel is TTheWriter. Then start with this game then go to Dragon Commander and then Divinity : Original Sin.What a great universe to immerse myself into in the start of 2017."
,Recommended,219780,22369240,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SuperLotus97,"Dropkicked a chicken - 10/10 would do againI wouldn't recommend this game at full price, but I got it on sale for 85% off ($3.00). It's sort of a cross between Fable and Skyrim. If you're expecting Dark Souls type combat you will be sorely disappointed. When reading about locking on to enemies and roll dodging in the manual it sounded reminiscent of Dark Souls, but I had to remind myself.There are a lot of interesting abilities that are limited by both mana consumption and cooldowns. There's also not a strict class system which I really like in RPGs. There's not a huge amount of character customization in terms of appearance - much closer to Morrowind than Skyrim in that regard.There are some annoyances such as not having quest markers for NPCs. There was one who gave me a quest, but then moved to a different location because he was involved in a side quest. Due to him being involved in that side quest, I wasn't unable to complete the original quest he gave me until went back to the town where he originally gave me the quest."
,Recommended,219780,5612172,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,apple.snowsong-voice actress,Divinity II: Developer's Cut  is a fun game with nice visuals and it was well worth the money. :) Enjoy!
76561198021490004,Recommended,219780,25811856,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Kezza,I originally got this game back when it first came out and it was just Dragon Knights. Lost that and got this the game is still really fun as good as any other rpg. Some of the story is a bit meh (but only bits others are pretty good and it has a good twist) and the dragon part is really cool but you can't attack smaller ground targets which is understandable.Also I have to make a special mention to the Devs and how good they are to their customers. When I had the previous one I had issue with going from the main game to the expansion. So I sent them a message in no time at all I had a response of how I could fix it and if it didn't I was to send my save file to them and they would transfer it over and send it back.
,Recommended,219780,33534792,Posted: 14 July,all,Leeson,"strongly recommend Divinity II: Developers CutSo it's a 3rd person action RPG that is open world. But that's not why I'm recommending you buy it.It does a lot of things well that modern open world RPGs do, but better:Great storyFleshed out worldInteresting side questsGreat humourGood Main storyLots of variety in lootNice customisation in the skill trees without being overwhelmingGreat dialogue system with not such binary choicesGreat movement mechanics that make the game world fun to run around (You can do 2m high ninja flips in human form and turn into a dragon to fly around!)Small Platforming sections for game varietyPuzzles, but not an excessive amountIt also does things completely unique to the game:A 'mind read' mechanic where you can choose to read ANY NPC's mind (with a small/large exp sacrifice). You can discover all kinds of secrets from this. I read a boss' mind before I fought them and found out they had a secret chest in their room with a password on it that lead to a kickass piece of armour, for example.When you read books, it gets narrated to you out loud as your character opens the book.Secret switches in many rooms that lead to loot and other goodiesAs mentioned earlier, ninja flips and turning into a dragon!Choice of quest reward - when you complete a quest you can choose exp, gold, an item, a potion from a selectionCharacters lie to you all the time! Like Witcher 3 style, you have to be careful who you trust.The game does so many things well that make it a unique experience. The game is beautifully optimised for PC too with great Keyboard and Mouse controls as well."
76561198026681525,Recommended,219780,28400110,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Icyhell,"After finishing this game, I've concluded that it is a solid game with a solid story.  There are some rough graphics in the game but overall it is very enjoyable.  The Developer's Cut of this game goes through the Dragon Knight Saga and the Flames expansion too. So when playing the game, don't worry about starting a Flames campaign unless that's the part that you haven't played yet.  Every quest in the game was pretty unique in the sense that it was to get certain items or do certain things.  The overall story is solid and has twists and turns that is like a book.  The story was refreshing to see it all play out.  I recommend this game to any RPG player."
76561198053067821,Recommended,219780,35121565,Posted: 21 September,all,Trancid,"The first version of this game made me fall in love with the series years ago. The universe, lore, characters and fantasy aspects are very enthralling and will suck you right in.The biggest con this game has is the melee combat, it's simply messy and looks a lot worse after a few years. I advise playing as an archer/mage hybrid on the highest difficulty, planning each move with emphasis on tactical/cover-based/hit-and-run gameplay, at least this is the way I made the combat fun for me."
,Recommended,219780,26891896,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TTTTAAAARRRRAAAASSSS,One of the most underrated and forgotten VERY GOOD game of the last decade.
,Recommended,219780,33359735,Posted: 7 July,all,/me,"Great game! I can't believe i missed this one all these years! For some odd reason i never heard of it and just spotted it on the summer sale.I did have some technical issues which could be fixed with the correct settings and a fix - check the steam boards, there are several threads explaining what to do.I could start writing about the games contents but thats already covered several time by other players. So i keep it brief: I enjoyed the first part of the game ""Eco Draconis"" much more than the second one ""Flames of Vengeance"". Being...... stuck in a city without being able to use your dragon form was kinda disappointing. I loved switching between dragon and human. Though it was packed with lots of entertaining quests and still very enjoyable."
,Recommended,219780,23891012,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mashishi,"Mediocre, seems at bit rushed, if you watch the short film about the development of the game they briefly explain why but eitherway the game is fun, has nice mechanics and a nice original story. And with the director's cut you can literally control everything which is fun for just messing around if you're bored"
,Recommended,219780,26006699,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,sanitydeprivedlunatic,"I love this game. One of the best games ever. But the ending. Oh gods, the ending. Do it. Buy this game. Play it. Let it make you happy. Then let it destroy everything you think is ok with the world. Excellent story. I did NOT see that ending coming. To this day, THE most memerable ending in a game ever. Yeah, I wanted to blow my brains out afterwards but it was an amazing journey."
,Recommended,219780,26167632,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Zarkkill,- Enter a crypt- Get seduced by a chest- Exit crypt- Villagers start worshipping me as a god- 5 seconds later get attacked by dragon slaying power rangers10/10This game is great.
76561197980125232,Not Recommended,219780,28153066,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Morte,"* ignore my time played, I am at least 20 hours not logged in steam, will explain later.There are 2 reasons I can't recommend this game.The first is the horrrible game balance issues.  Enemies do not respawn in this game which means there is limited gold/xp in the world.  This means if you do not build your character correctly it is possible to get stuck in the game as you have no ways to improve your character to take on certain fights.  Also health and mana regen extremely slowly so if you are using melee or magic you end up just standing around waiting until you are ready to take on the next fight.  An increased regen out of combat could have fixed this.  Other than these issues from a gameplay perspective the game is reasonable.  The interesting part of the game that the game sells itself on is the ability to turn into a dragon yet you only gain this abillity half way through the game.Secondly there are technical issues running this on newer versions of windown (definintely windows 10, possibly 7 and 8).  If using win10 the game will lock up after 2 world transitions.  This makes it very painful to play as you need to contantly save before every door.  I was able to fix this by using a 3rd party program to hack the executable to use 4gm ram however this also resulted in the game not running from the launcher and had to be run directly which resulted in the game not working with steam ui or logging time.  I also discovered that during the install process the game installs an old version of PhysX regardless of whether you have a current version.  This then causes games such as Mass Effect 2 and 3 to crash on start until you uninstall the old version that Divinity 2 installs."
,Recommended,219780,23243178,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,DCxDemo,"I can't really say that I'd recommend you to play this game if you didn't start with the original. It suffered from Larian's ambitions to make the RPG game that will flare them all, but when you've got a small team, you never have enough time to implement everything you want. They did not know how to set their goals properly and you can clearly see that from their PDFs included in Developer's Cut. While playing the game you'll notice the bland autogenerated landscapes. You will suffer beating the repetitive flying fortresses in a dragon form. And you'll definitely get bored and quit it for a few weeks or months a few times. Also, the ending of the original story is rather spontaneous and I can imagine people, who bought Ego Draconis back in 2009 being really disappointed. But then they released Flame of Vengeance, which takes place in Aleroth, and this is where things go nuts. The game turns intosugar, spice and everything niceperfect aRPG with dungeons, lots of quests, lots of people to interact with, puzzles, etc. As well as design is way better as it clearly was manual work as opposed to automated lanscapes. If I could give a separate review then I'd only recommend Flames of Vengeance, but there's no sense to play only the 2nd part of the story (even though you can actually do that). So that's it."
76561197964722828,Recommended,219780,8941931,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,jmdwork,"I really enjoyed this game. I found the story compelling and was pleased with the content. It is very story driven, not so open as an Elder Scrolls game, but not quite so linear as a Diablo clone. Its also quite large with several major acts making it longer than anticipated. There are hordes of side quests and many ways to achieve the goals. I have found myself a tad overpowered later in the game. Some of the areas that are definitely supposed to be harder can be made pretty easy with a quick resist potion and having a good deal of regeneration and life steal. I found that as long as I kept fighting it was almost unnecessary to use health potions or spells because I regerated and stole life so fast."
,Not Recommended,219780,3469121,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,[BBC] Khallyn,"Avoid this game. The voice acting is the only solid part of it. The writing is terrible, characters are forgettable, the combat is awful, the battle tower lacks any real features, and the voice stuck in your head all game is incredibly irritating. I did some research trying to find out if there was any way to get her to shut the ♥♥♥♥ up but ended up spoiling the ending for myself because that's the only point in which she actually stops speaking."
,Recommended,219780,28601848,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Cambionn,"I love this game. It's the first that stopped me from playing/modding elder scrolls completly until finished since BioShock Infinte. It's a typical old-school RPG, but a damn good one. I don't think it's really hard, nor easy. Seems just about the right difficualty too me. It has a nice storyline, the kind of humour I love from RPGs (like the guy who's SoulForced with a chicken, or the ability to spread pretty bad rumours) and gives some unique features like mind reading and becoming a dragon. It's somewhat old but it does still work well gameplay wise.I havn't had any problem with balancing. Regen starts slow, but the game is pretty easy at that point, and with the right armours and skills it can become quite fast (I never used potions during this game, I just jump arround until my health is refilled). Just like in elder scrolls, it's possible to mix and match all RPG classes, so you're not limited to warrior, rogue or mage. After you have become a dragon, you will be able to reset your skills (at that point it costed me at most 10% of my in-game money, pretty cheap, but price will go up every time you do it), so little misstakes and skills you tried but didn't like can easily be fixed. There is indeed no respawn in this game, so limited gold an XP, but I managed to stay overleveld during the game. I defiantly got more gold and XP then needed and also have been able to beat places that where 5 levels above mine, so it's not really a problem. I actually think you'll become overleveld easily if respawning would be included.The only downsides I have is that the in-game AA doesn't work (like there is an option but it doesn't do anything), and that shadows on characters are horribly blocky (but environment is great). Turned shadows off and made some Re-Shade preset (which I also gave some Ambient Occlusion to fake shadows) and it looks quite decent, considering it's release date.Next to that the game has an issues with newer(mainly faster) hardware. It will tear on 60FPS (because my hardware is rendering faster then the engine can handle). Capping the game at 30 easily fixed the problem and makes the game look smooth again. Otherwise I haven't found any issues on performance (running Windows10, gtx1080 (2000+MHz), i5-6600K (4.2GHz), 16GB DDR4).Also the autosave is horrible. It only saves before some plot parts for main storyline. If you die you will have to reload a save, so it would be good to get used to saving manually often.Still, my biggest archievement in this game is when I find some pants that have good stats for my level, because Larian loves miniskirts it seems. Just makes me think someone forgot to put on her pants/leg protection in the morning."
,Recommended,219780,28280730,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Puddletroll,"This is one of the best games i have ever played, yes it looks old, and it has a similar ""bethesda stutter"". but if you can get used to those, this game is just so good. its funny, the combat is fun, its hard af, and just so much fun! i love it so much"
,Recommended,219780,25420,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,TheEvilBob,"I'm surprised I hadn't heard more about this game earlier; it was fun, funny, and featured a pretty compelling story.The graphics are a touch dated looking but nothing so antiquated that you can't look past, just something that would have been pretty cutting edge a few years ago. The art direction was a fairly typical high-fantasy look without going too wild. As 'real' a world as you're likely to see in this genre.The music was extremely well done. Not much more to say about that. It was very good.Gameplay was mostly smooth, there seemed to be some issues with jumping and it became advisable to always jump just a little ahead of what you thought you'd need. There were also some issues with clipping on objects but didn't occur often enough for me to get frustrated by it.Levelling was very smooth - each level actually made you feel more powerful but never took you to a point where there was no challenge at all. Different builds (Can't really call them classes, it's a classless system, you just choose the talents that you want and level them up as far as you want) may get different mileage but by the time I was near the end of the game the only thing I really had to watch out for were large groups of ranged or magic users since my health was tightly tied to hurting things.Overall it felt like a slightly more primitive version of Dragon Age in many ways. Certainly preferable to what they did to DA2! Also, no spoilers, but you WILL feel like you've been kicked in the neck at the end of the game, don't worry, the expansion makes up for it.Yeah... the expansion. I should mention that you don't import your character and you don't start with any of the gear you had, or indeed any at all, just enough gold to help buy things to get you back on your feet. Also, it takes away your shape-shifting ability until right at the end, that felt a bit dickish. So, while the 'world' was smaller and the play more limited, it did still have a reasonably engaging story to help get you through it.Made me all the more eager for the studios upcoming Original Sin game set in the far past of the same world."
,Recommended,219780,7871569,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Chief Savage Man,"This is a really good RPG. Larian does good writing and even though it took a very long time to get this game to a polished state, its in a good place now. Bioware should study the expansion on how to make a fantasy city setting work and it made me laugh a bunch. The combat is also really fluid and fun. Recommend highly."
76561198052277089,Recommended,219780,8272203,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Stan_nn,"Enjoyed this game a lot, job well done makers! Thanks!"
76561198025643813,Recommended,219780,22119137,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ekscrypto,"Just do yourself a favour, and play through the first (rough) couple hours, it gets better as you progress; clocked in a total of 78 hours to clear out the majority of quests and the two story lines.  Combat is definitely showing its age but the voice acting, the quests, the puzzles are well worth it.As you progress if you pick the right skills combat becomes super easy, if you are looking for challenging fights, this may not be the game for you.  On the other hand, if you are lucky for quirky humour, puzzles, hidden quests and definitely its share of guessing then you will love this game.Finished the first story line (Ego Draconis) around level 26, and the second story line  (Flames of Vengence) at level 45.  Game played well on a 2012 laptop."
,Recommended,219780,28208026,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,X____x,"Fun game. Had it on disc, but bought steam version anyway because it was on sale. Worth it"
,Recommended,219780,19307638,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,anjir4,"Pros:* Very customizable playstyle* You get your own tower after a while, a base where you can return and craft, upgrade, train etc.* Game looks decent* There is more than just a shallow story* I _love_ the theme that's playing on the first screen, when you choose to play normal mode or developer's mode.* Some funny side characters, quest characters and dialogue that made me chuckle.Cons:* To be honest, I found the dragonform so boring, I skipped all the flying fortresses except the ones I had to do to advance the plot. I actually took a 1 year break when I was about 4 hours away from finishing the game, just because I got so tired of the flying fortresses. I got back because I am a completionist at heart and I wanted to see how the story ended.*The dragonform fighting could definitely had been more developed, considering how much you are supposed to use it. It held a lot of downtime* In fact, the normal fighting style (I fought as melee) also held a lot of downtime in terms of special moves, making it boring sometimes.* The story could have been so much more! The potential is there, but... I never really felt drawn into the story, engaged in it, not like some other games in the Genre.Comments: In the very end, we're talking the last 30 secs, of the whole game, the cinematic crashed for me. I don't know if this botched it for me, but I didn't seem to be able to import my main character into the expansion, Flames of Vengeance, so  just stopped right there. The game just wasn't interesting enough to play an expansion, especially not if I didn't have my main char. It was fairly entertaining to play this games at times, but not enough that I'd wanna replay it, and now I'm pleased to leave it behind.I would recommend it if you can get it on sale, are a big fan of the genre, and don't have anything better lying in wait. So, it's a very weak recommendation.Rating: 6.5/10"
,Recommended,219780,14110899,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Combat Wombat,"This ends up being a fairly good game. It sticks to game mechanics that are simple but work, the graphics are quite ok and the story line is decent. It's not exactly Skyrim or The Witcher but if you're looking for a 3rd person fantasy game, you'll likely enjoy this. The drop system is that of Diablo which is frustrating as it's very random indeed but the skill system is good. The dragon combat is perhaps a bit too arcade-like but I had a bit of fun with it. The first area is better than the second, I felt, but it's nice to see a smaller production like this still managing to reach decent graphical heights.Worth a play for sure but not quite the top of the charts."
76561198053286557,Recommended,219780,25176404,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Axxxel,"Greatly underrated game, i really enjoyed this 3rd person RPG. Buy it, transform into a mighty dragon and unleash havoc!"
76561198014143878,Recommended,219780,12920720,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,lowage,"i am really injoying the game, but i wish i c ould fi nd a good walkthru!   if anyone has  any beter hints, it sure would be great.  thiw from a seventy seven year old thats not to good at this,"
,Recommended,219780,19835890,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,JuStX2,"Simply put this is a arche-typical Fantasy-setting RPG - Single Player only.Some things people may be wary of are:1. The Hint system (mind read) is used by expending Level up XP to use. While this is what the description says, it's not so much expending as extending, and what I mean by that is you never really *lose* the experience you already have, you just go into what's called ""Experience Debt"" which has to be repaid before you can continue to gain normal experience.2. The Tutorial Assumes you are already firmiliar with at a minimal RPGs, and probably assumes too much about your experience with action-games. What I mean by this is: The Tutorial doesn't go over more ""basic"" RPG Elements such as ""Equipment"" or ""Gear"" let alone ""leveling"" but it does give you basic controls. What I mean by it assumes too much about your experience with Action Games is...for the tutorial to cover controls is fine, but more of the advanced moves (ie rolling/jumping/dodging) are not well explained until AFTER you need them. Long Story short - the tutorials are very basic, and could use some polishing towards total newbies.3. Although the game is a bit dated (circa 2008 - 2009) the actual game-play/graphics details and other ""Preformance Effecting"" Details are quite up-to-par with modern standards. This game was obviously ahead of it's time even though it's time was a while back.***WARNING: The Next Few Sections MAY contain some spoilers. Reader Descretion is advised***4. I have -not- encountered any spiders - yet. I have to make mention of this because this is something I personally like, but realize not everyone wants. To Progress roughly 20~ Hours into the main-line quest stream and not see a single spider (albeit some webs) enemy is a good thing to me, because I am among those who are afraid of spiders (however - I am most certainly NOT afraid of Scorpions so I'm not ""Archnophobic"" by a typical detail). Mostly the Enemies I *have* encountered are undead/humanoid/demihuman types. Ie 2 Legs 2 Arms and Some Form of head and torso. The ghosts have no legs just two draping sheets tho.5. The Dragon Form - about the dragon form, although it cross-interfaces with the human form it feels more like the enemies are split into Dragon-Class (flying/structure mostly) and Human-class Enemies, and there is little combination of the two. Although you can fight some dragon-class enemies with a bow, the structures and such will not fire at a human. Moreover - the Ability/Skill system is only slightly different between human and dragon abilities, the major difference being you have (afaik) no ""Natural"" Skill Points in Dragon Abilities (you have to read some kinda book to get points etc). Also Although the Human form regenerates overtime at a variable rate - dragon form only heals when actively healed (ie with a spell/ability) which means you'll be using alot more of your dragon time using abilities rather than breathing fire.*** END -Possible- Spoilers ***Overall the game is good enough that I'd continue to play it for quite some time, however the aforementioned flaws are some of the things I wish had been explained to me before I found out on my own (which took some time)The Story in particular is excellently told, and personally I find myself continuing to play the game mostly because the story is so mysterious and intriguing. Good Example, One quest (which I have yet to complete) has you facing against a ""Veggie"" Witch, which to say nothing of the comedic standpoints is very unique among the thoughts of curses when someone evaluates a game such as this. Well-thought out the story is, but at times is just plain comedic to be sure. The Main Plot is no laughing matter though, but I'll leave that for you to discover. Advice: Get Used to Dying even on the easiest settings if you don't pay attention to what your doing. On the other hand, on the easiest settings there comes a point at which you become nigh invinicible late game."
,Recommended,219780,23795529,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Azzigoth,So far it has been a hidden gem. Really enjoying it. I will update when I a longer play through.
,Recommended,219780,22890411,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,masterwriter42,"A pretty decent action RPG with some unusual features. Ground combat works perfectly fine and is satisfying, but by the time you're able to turn into a dragon on command, you'll be so powerful in human form that turning into a giant, fire breathing death lizard feels like a step down. I dunno how they managed to have being a dragon make you feel /more/ vulnerable, but they did it. You don't have all the armor and weapon bonuses you've been stacking up when you transform, so it'll take some time to adjust to the increased difficulty of the flying segments at times. Still, there's plenty of loot to be found, a killer rabbit, and you can be an absolute backstabbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you want to. Gotta love multiple choice dialog. I recomend getting Divinity 2 when it's on sale, it's a good game but not the best of it's kind on Steam."
76561198021420454,Recommended,219780,23075524,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,stugerb,"A superb gamePro:Excellent RPGGood and totally unexpected twistsAlthough you will make use of skills, it is not a game where you just order up all your attacks in advance, you will have to do the fighting (I found being a ranger with a little summoning good)Cons:I do not want spoil anything, but I feel like, storywise, this game ended up contributing little to the divinity universe. I have only ever played this and Original Sin but I still feel this is true.Whilst the main game runs for about 40 hrs and the expansion another 10-20, I feel like there should have been more areas to explore.Overall: Great game, get it, especially on sale. My cons in this cause are simply things I wish they could have done more with, what did do was superb."
76561198056356563,Recommended,219780,10217699,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,JusticarEric,"A good, hack and slahsh action RPG, the storyline is mnot the best, but there again it is not the worst. Graphics are a bit outdated now, but still perfeclty good enough. COmbat is good, but can be fairly easy. A good seriuos yet mick taking attidude surrounds the entire game. magic system is good for its ilk, not as RP heavy as NWN2, Witcher series,TES etc but still decent enough.You get to be a dragon.4.8 out 5"
,Recommended,219780,9641103,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Ten Mins Late,"Good old fashioned RPG hack and slash, fairly good graphics and an entertaining stroryline, nice enough UI, i remember there being an issue on being a cap to levels, unsure if they removed that but will see after i have completed the game again, i seem to have both Dev Cut version and DK Saga versions, i have 41+ hours on DK but its not available in store so don't let the short play time fool you on this."
76561197972259464,Recommended,219780,11059938,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Scooby4ever,"Great roleplaying game with easy and fun gameplay. Story is good and gfx looks awesome even in todays standards in 2014. I love the music in the game as it fits the world perfectly.Its easy to choose path in the begining warrior, archer or mage. And you dont really need to follow that path as you can progress in all paths later by leveling up and put points in all categories. Build your favourite character and enjoy a game you havent played before ;)I enjoy alot that the developer have putted humor in this game that can be found out in the huge world of divinity 2. You can feel that the developer have had fun to create the game and putted alot of thoughts behind them.This will be my gemstone for a longtime to play now and then. Love to complete the achivements ingame but I do miss gamecards and real achivements in steam. So if you read this DEVELOPER please put it on for us fans."
,Recommended,219780,10480945,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Sang-Fantôme,"This game isn't Skyrim but that doesn't mean its not any good. This game has been one of my favorite RPGs. One that I will go back to time and time again. It can be over the top, cartoonish, and childish at times but thats what gives Divinity 2 its charm. Days worth of content await and much more for the player who's willing to overlook its dated gameplay and graphics. Combat may not be as easy and the entire experience may vary per person. Dialogue can range from rich to shallow humor, but with the amount of easter eggs and homages, one can be sure that conversation can be quite a treat. The dragon form is one of the best aspects of the game as it is unique in itself. I found myself flying a good bit of my playthrough and just attacking fortresses in the areas presented. There are some glitches and bugs that can make it a chore to play at times but nonetheless it is a very good game that blends two distinct genres.  My only regret is that Larian wasn't able to make this game the way it was supposed to be due to budget cuts. Its not Skyrim or Dragon Age but it is still quite a gem of a game and highly underrated, that is if you are willing to overlook its flaws. 8/10."
76561197999090814,Recommended,219780,11059951,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Russ Angel,"I almost overlooked this little gem and glad that I didn't.It actually has a lot going for it.The sheer amount of quests,loot and secrets is worth the admission price.If you are into RPGs which I guess that you are if you are reading this,add it to your game library this instant."
76561198081025871,Recommended,219780,21979879,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Gosp,"Overall 6/10 If you like Fantasy-RPG dont think play this game. Rating is low because objectively gameplay is a deciding factor.If you have no problem you'll enjoy the game. Comparing to lots of other games except gameplay this game has very orginal parts Good or Bad.I first played Ego Draconis when it first came out and it had the most interesting and unique ending for a game.Which is first half of this game. But if you end up playing and See the First-Half ending dont forget the 2nd half came out a year later and people had to live with that as ending which was awesomely unique ending that nobody saw it coming.There arent even 10 games who'd have such a bold ending.the Good------------------------+Story is good and interesting.Specially if you like fantasy genre.+Suprisingly quests are not repetitive and has a lot of orginal quests.You can get a quest from a blind Philosopher or help a cheating wife deliver a letter to his lover.+Again I can never forget the Ego Draconis part ending and didnt even know there was a second part on the making and had to live with that.Even for just that part its worth to play this game.+/- Has good cutscenes and very very sh*tty cutscenes so its hard to put this in a place.the Bad--------------------------Voice acting is bad for the most part.-Combat is a one-way ticket to same skills.A lot of interesting useless skills and you end up using same skills at the end.-If you dont craft the combat is hard, if you craft it is easy.No middle ground.the Ugly--------------------------! Gameplay is bad.Some mechanics are making me say ""Why?"" a lot.! Stats are mostly useless and unnecessary.Has stuff like stun resistance in gears instead of being linked to main stats you have.And for most part Only useful stat is Vitality which is a bad thing for a RPG game you need stat build depth."
76561198041531269,Recommended,219780,8524556,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,kdiablo,Awsome game :D rpg where you can turn into a dragon fly around reckin stuff with you flame breathe oh yeahhh
76561198047384882,Recommended,219780,11736444,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Penitenziagite,"Great stuff... There is little not to like about Divinity 2 (Dragon Knight Saga/Flames of Vengeance), except maybe the final FoV Mission. Decent user interface, OK graphics, decent combat system, decent questing, maybe a little bit hard in the beginning and slightly to easy in the later levels (played a melee character, with all stat points put into Strength and Vitality), and perhaps a little bit to time consuming for my wife's taste. I loved the Dragon elements, and I have no problem with the sometimes somewhat repetitive grinding elements (up to the final fortress, where I just jumped into the final boss chambers after destroying all defense buildings as dragon).I thoroughly enjoyed this gem, and whole-heartedly recommend it to anyone enjoyng a good RPG now and then."
76561198085998700,Recommended,219780,27757418,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Earl of Lemongrab,One of the best RPG games I have ever played. Very strong story and characters
,Recommended,219780,12535748,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Del,"This game doesnt' take itself too seriously and as such doesn't grind you down. The plotting and pacing of the story and humor are set at a nice jog. Oh, you still realize the seriousness of the main quest. BUT the light hearted, comical situations confronting you on your road there keeps you amused and entertained.And when you're not engaged in fluid and fun combat with the local monstrosities, stop and smell the virtual roses and taste the eye candyThere may be a hickup or two in the package, usually concerning the sequence and or location of trigger effects ( i believe i encountered two). However these bumps in the road are minor.So if you want to stick your head out of the dank dungeon of typical RPG's for some fresh air, Divinity 2 just might be the breath of fire you need."
76561197994281375,Recommended,219780,22633420,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Harm,"8 out of 10Divinity 2 is a top down 3rd person role playing game.  It is a typical swords, bows and magic type of fantasy world.  The one addition to your normal RPG is the ability turn into a dragon at specific points in the game.  It is hard for me to state why I enjoyed the game so much.  It is just a great and interesting top-down RPG, something that is hard to find these days.The good:1. The normal RPG type stuff is done excellently.  The quests, equipment, skills, etc.The bad:2. Your character always sheaths his weapons during dialogue.  Thus after talking to enemies you have to redraw your weapons wasting valuable time.  You may die before you even drew your weapon.3. Movement during combat is not always fluent.  If you are hit (e.g. by an arrow) while jumping the character is instantly moved to the ground and staggered wasting time and momentum.  Even worse, when swinging your weapon there is no correlation between clicking your mouse and actual swings.  Sometimes attacks are fast and sometimes slow and I have no idea why.4. My personal preference is for RPGs where you deploy a team of units with different skills.  Here you only have yourself and summoned creatures.The ugly:4. Being a dragon is totally disappointing.  When normal you can only attack ground units.  When you are a dragon cannot attack ground units only certain towers and flying units.  Surely you want to be a dragon to flame those annoying units that swarmed you on ground."
,Recommended,219780,11563024,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Kat ^^csgo-happy.ru csdrop.pro,this is good game if like dragons and rpgs this game is perfect for you :D
,Recommended,219780,15065788,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Simboker,10/10
76561198071991140,Recommended,219780,33753067,Posted: 23 July,all,Bob,"An old gold game. None like other. The humors?  seriously  they are Good. Also one thing done correctly charecter gets respect from other NPCs  unlike Skyrim where even after completing main story NPC shows no respect, lol."
76561198005470247,Recommended,219780,30072268,Posted: 20 February,all,Chris,"Damn this game is engaging. Seem to have hard time putting it down, something I haven't felt in a while.Sad it took an older title to do it."
,Recommended,219780,17497971,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Herr Sadist,"Interesting RPG with graphics that hold up nicely over time. Character customization leaves most wanting, as you can only control gender, very limited facial features and hair. Also, some of the movement and jumping controls feel awkward. I do like the freedom you have with skills, not limited to a class you choose in the beginning of the game, often without any knowledge of how it will play out. All in all, I'd rate this game at about 7.5/10 so far, but I still have more to go before a final decision can be made."
,Recommended,219780,27134030,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pharos,Who wouldn't want to play a game where you can turn into a dragon and burn people?
,Recommended,219780,21091673,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Schwarzes,"I freed a couple of pigs by whispering Rosebud in their ear.When the guards came, I told them ""Maybe they moved on. Sometimes you just gotta let it all go."""
76561198089818810,Recommended,219780,34912409,Posted: 12 September,all,Strix,"Excellent game so far. I love the quest reward system. So far, gameplay feels a bit like Syrim, and I am thoroughly enjoying every bit this game has to offer. There are a few known bugs, such as infinite loading screen, but it hasn't affected my gameplay too much. Would recommend."
,Recommended,219780,35185286,Posted: 24 September,all,ebrech sage,"This game is absolutely awesome. The story is great the gameplay reminded me of old mmo's, I love that you can mindread people and they have funny things to say. You can steal everything in sight so it's a heaven for loot addict. Also once you reach a certain part you get unlimited space by transfering your item to a storage.Cons:I got caught way too many time in their traps and ploy from NPC. This game will trick you!! Save often lolOnce you finish a zone that's it, nothing respawn so you can't grind levels and items.It's too short. Wish the game was longer.It's old, save often because if the loading screen take longer than 20 sec it won't get pass that load screen, saving before every door has helped keep this issue down for me.Wish there was companions.Steam said I played this game only 3 hours, it's wrong. I been playing far longer, not sure why it's stuck at 3.Also screw that guy who tries to sell you a house..."
76561197997908252,Recommended,219780,22803123,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Revo,If you end up without internet you'll be happy that you purchased it
,Recommended,219780,23412258,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,OMGiTzSara!,"All the Divinity series are so good and always upgrading their games in types of new ways, Divinity 2: Developer's Cut comes with a command button "" f11 "" lets you pretty much mod your character give yourself gold, armor, weapons and more. But the gameplay is a little like ""dungeon siege legends of aranna"" <3!!!  Recommended!"
76561198001584035,Recommended,219780,18276664,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,BobMammoth,"Cool game. The storyline is very good, the characters are nice and the combats are not bad. The music is awesome. You even get to fight as a dragon! Flying and everything. Hours of fun."
,Recommended,219780,3830496,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Recine,"Довольно запутанная навигация по миру - персонажи не говорят, где находится то или иное место, поэтому лучше скачать карту, под конец оригинала это особенно критично, в дополнении довольно запутанная система заданий - многие и второстепенных заданий входят в сюжетное,  друг в друга, поэтому лучше проходить всё. А так очень хорошая игра, много юмора, различных отсылок, возможность сшить из кусков врагов своего монстра Франкенштейна, читать мысли всех встречных, стань хозяином башни с кучкой слуг, которых ты выбираешь сам. В дополнении завезли немного хоррора, добавили больше нелинейности в квестах, больше головоломок. В общем, отличная игра, с небольшими недостатками"
,Recommended,219780,34406810,Posted: 21 August,all,5Andysalive,"Really nice game. Predecessor to ""Original Sin"" but very different game. Vaguely Skyrimmy,  3rd person and real time combat. Big areas but not in one complete Open World. A bit more relaxed and funnier then Skyrim. It doesn't take itself too serious. Humor can range from subtle to broad. But it's still a proper (action)RPG, not a comedy game.And has a better main story then Skyrim. And the Dragon thing works a  bit different. Beacuse YOU are the dragon. Sometimes. With it's own skill and gear system. Really fun idea.Also, similar to Skyrim a very versatile and open skill system allows completely different builds and playstyles.The DLC story feels a bit overstretched for the size of the world. Also story reduces to ""collect 5 magical somethings"".It's now a bit in the shadow of Original Sin, but Divinity 2 is -with some flaws, it did NOT have a Skyrim budget- a really underrated game. Looks still good as well.Works perfect in 21:9.Had the loading screen bug (see steam forum) the 4g ram patch fixed it for me."
,Recommended,219780,22190123,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,jimmy Phish,"If your thinking of buying while it's on sale, buy it, it's well worth the moneys and more, It's worth maybe 15$ at the most, best RPG I've played in a long time, I hadn't found anything like this in a while. The world is massive once you pass the tutorial which is the beginning of the story. The story isn't bad either, with dragons (typical RPG boss) and stuff. There's nothing that this RPG needs, really doesn't fall short anywhere on where it counts."
,Recommended,219780,6032603,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Caprica,"I'll try to keep this short, but Divinity 2 is so vast in content it'll be difficult for me to contain my excitement.This was a game worth buying. For never having played a singleplayer, story driven game like this, I found it addicting and very enjoyable to say the least. I'd recommend this to anyone who loves adventure, fantasy, a good story, and DRAGONS. The game is all sorts of challenging, giving the player all sorts of fighting styles and decisions. There is no designated class that your character is stuck with, and no huge stat boosts applying to one particular 'class'. The thing that captured me most about this fantastic game was the beautiful soundtrack, simplistic yet stunning graphics, and above all the Dragons. Anything I'd ever want in a dragon game, I found in Divinity 2.By far, one of the best games I have ever played."
76561198074878705,Recommended,219780,8884346,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Varken Vale,Vast and great enjoyed it very much. Its a ittle dated and funny at times but there is so much to this game
76561198049868978,Recommended,219780,5444821,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Djeez,You may fly as Dragon! It's really great
,Recommended,219780,8278206,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ruffian,This game is so fun I never want to get up from my seat. It combines the classic questing game and RPG characteristics and it has side quests for leveling and its very..choice-ing? I mean like it will drop you off in a level 8 area when your level 6 and its your reponsibility to do the side quest to level up to kill the baddies..I totally reccomend this game!!!
76561198096309570,Recommended,219780,29020144,Posted: 4 January,all,Doppel,"One of my favorite soundtracks ever in a game. The characters, even the minor ones, are bursting with personality, combat is pretty fun, and the world is the kind where every nook and cranny can hide something/someone super important."
,Recommended,219780,9753375,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Hodor,When I first started playing this game I found it very enjoyable to play. There were lots of monsters to kill and quests to go on and there was a large playing field. Later in the game you will get an item that will turn you into something and thats fun at first but then it feels like a job to do. Overall I reccomend this but dont play it over long times. You will get burned out of it quickly!
76561198007043147,Recommended,219780,11311881,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,AManOnATricycle,"For a game that is as old as it is, DIvinity II: DKS offers a thoroughly rewarding and entrancing experience even in the face of newer games. It's fluid combat system, easter egg references, comedic value, and enticing plot line is well worth the money it takes to buy it. Play as a dragon, fly around, blow things up, and then jump down to the ground and chop things with your sword, riddle them with arrows, or blow them up with magic: it's all up to you. It's armor and weapon meshes (although they may seem to all look similar) are intricately designed, and impressive for its generation. It's facial textures leave something to be desired, although they are far from awful. Besides, you'll be too busy looking at your amazing helmet textures (unless you're playing a ranger class, sorry guys) to notice how wierd your face can look sometimes."
,Recommended,219780,9467440,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,mike_croftwood,"Having read reviews stating that this was a difficult game to play as an archer, being an experienced RPG gamer I decided to proceed with this. It has proven to be not as much of a challenge as foretold, I was rather dissapointed, so long as you keep your distance that is. But it was very emjoyable doing it this way. When you are amongst it you can dodge away and use the powers of the archer to your advantage. Some of the bosses require some finesse and agility. When I finally evolved I started to find the game rather repetetive as the challenge was removed."
76561197985719335,Recommended,219780,12207535,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lancer,"it has some rough edges, but ultimately is a satisfying RPG."
76561198029709704,Recommended,219780,12480234,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Schlecht xd,"This game is awesome.My character found a potatoe and shouted ""Shiny!""Definetly worth a buy.Tho some of the fights might seem hard, and are hard. You just have to avoid getting hit or come back later for an easier time. If that does not solve it, then you're just bad. Sorry."
,Recommended,219780,9237495,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Stampie,"Hard to write a coherent review of this game. First of all, it follows the best traditions of the previous Divinity games (and the story as well), including the not-too-serious tone, lot of NPCs and side quest, while adding a ton of new features: 3D world instead of isometric; dragons; mindreading, etc.On the other hand, the difficulty curve was quite interesting: I had really serious troubles cleaning out the flying fortresses in Ego Draconis (I needed to find and use every boost, and proceed very-very cautiously), on the other hand, Flames of Vengeance did not provide a lot of challeges (at least for me). It might have something to do with a bad skillset, or something like that, but I don't know. If you don't mind dying several times to hordes of nameless grunts, while acing the boss battles, than do not consider this as a weak point .:)Alltogether, it was really fun, the jokes/quests were great. The main story is mostly cliché, but the other stuff is more than better. If you like RPGs, I strongly recommend this title."
,Recommended,219780,9501056,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,gunsage,"I won’t lie…this game is frustrating, cheap, and unpolished. And yet, it is exactly what I love about lesser known action/RPGs. At first glance it almost looks like Fable or even Amalur, then you become both disappointed and immediately intrigued by what lies underneath, which is a similar feeling I had when playing Risen 2.  It’s certainly not a bad game, just lacking. Typically when you think RPG you envision a game that through good skill, strategy, planning, and good decisions overall, you triumph.However, you often get blindsided by stupid flaws within the game engine, cheap attacks by enemies, or in general don’t have enough in your favor to win by traditional methods.  You yourself have to become cheap…or it could just be that I expect a genuine straightforward fight, especially since I play as a warrior in these games. Either way, it’s an action/RPG that’s definitely worth a second look."
,Recommended,219780,9816653,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Myu,"One of the greatest games I've ever played. It has a few minor issues, but everything else is perfect. The dialogue is well written. Serious most of the time and funny when it's not serious. The fighting is good fun although a little broken at times. One of my biggest problems with the game is a minor one, you can't port your character over to the second campaign. 10/10 must buy."
76561197969854476,Recommended,219780,9983760,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Krokodile,"[note: I only played origional game and the expansion but I did not use the developer's cut bonus material]Divinity is a single player sandbox (ish) RPG by Larian Studios.  The game features a classless leveling system where points are freely spent in any of 5 trees. Hitting shelves in early 2010, the game's graphics are still solid 4 years later.  In Divinity II you will have to discern the truth from the lies in history as you hunt down and try to stop one man as he tries to ascend to the lord of evil.The Good: Divinity II really gives an RPG fan almost everything they could want.  Skill and stat points to spend, many weapons and armors to find, forge and upgrade, an excellent home base with a smithy and alchemist (among others), good music, large lands to explore and loot, a bunch of side quests and a pet to customize and build to help you on your quest.  The game was just plain fun to explore and to move through.  It is also pretty long, I spent just over 70 hours on the original (Ego Draconis) and the expansion (Flames of Vengeance) and I still didn’t have that “man, I wonder when I get to kill the boss” feeling I get on some games.  If you enjoy Might and Magic 6 & 7, Morrowind, Oblivion or other open world exploration and loot games than Divinity II will be up your alley!The Bad: The game is pretty easy once you get the hang of it ... and it isn't very hard if you don't get the hang of it either.  I played on normal difficulty and I really wish I cranked it up.  I had one tricky spot in the game but I realize that at level 30 I still had my level 16 gear on and I had not forged any weapons yet.  After forging a custom set of armor and weapons I was so powerful that I was killing everything in just a few hits; normal hits not powerful skills!  These weapons were so good I also beat the expansion at level 45 with these same level 30 weapons.  The only really hard fights were fights that had a strange gimmick.  One boss have a 45 second fear … you could go get a drink while your character ran away!  Also any monster that can heal WILL completely heal themselves at least once, the percentage based heal should not have been given to monsters!The Funny: The mindread system is really neat in this game but half its worth seems to be comedy.  When you read minds you get special quests and sometimes skill points but you also get embarrassing facts out of people.  It costs you a little experience but it is worth it to mind read; for the laughs if nothing else.The Summary:  I give Divinity II: Developer's Cut a solid 8 out of 10.  It's a great little diamond in the rough that, even 4 years after release, is a great game.  Also, since I've helped myself to many a skill list online before but never contributed, I took it upon myself to fill in the lack of skill information online for Divinity II!  This my gift to you dear reader, I have personally tested and written down each and every last level of every character skill in the game and made them available on the Wiki! Follow this URL (http://divinity.wikia.com/wiki/Divinity_II_Skills) and you can see the skill details and my notes on every skill! Happy Adventuring!"
76561198007694859,Recommended,219780,10625514,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,chaosrules1,"Really good game at the begining, just a shame it was rushed out at the end."
76561198020733015,Recommended,219780,10632836,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Skeptical Gnomes,"One of my favorite RPGs!  Gorgeous graphics, fun combat, solid voice acting and a film-worthy soundtrack add up to a great package.  It amazes me to this day that Divinity 2 wasn't a bigger hit, because IMO it should have been.Absolutely fantastic game, and while I'm excited for Original Sin, I do hope Larian makes a 'proper' sequel to D2."
,Recommended,219780,11053565,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,carrie504,"This game was a lot of fun to play. It can be challenging, but not so much as to be overly frustrating to the casual gamer. Honestly I picked up this game to have something to play until the games I really want are out later this year. I have to say I was surprised how much I liked it and I was disappointed when it was over. I was skeptical at first but it sucks you in pretty quickly. If you have a few bucks to spare, I say give it a shot. I played 65 hours and still haven't found all the things hidden around the world, and also who doesn't want to play as a dragon! Pretty freaking awesome."
76561198119604180,Recommended,219780,12030742,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Bruh,"This is one of the best action RPGs I've ever played. It isn't perfect, what game is, but that doesn't really matter because once you get the hang of it, it is one of the most enjoyable RPGs you'll play. The controls and menus might take some getting use to if your more familiar with games like Skyrim or Dragon Age. It isn't too dificult though. I HIGHLY recommend this game."
,Recommended,219780,12464826,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Kamstkurf,"A decent RPG with standard loot, stats progress and skilltree. What different this one from others how ever is none boring quests, there not much kill this, deliver that and repeat. Also your choises will change your game story and you may read NPC's minds with the cost of XP giving you more information or additional quests and treassures. The game is filled with humor and refrences, just the way i like it. You may save whenever you like, and with perma death you will have to. I don't know why they even had perma death with unlimited save, could as well had some kind or respawn rather than letting the player replas the content they forgot to save. I had a few problems where i managed to get into places where i shouldn't and thought that was a part of the current game but if It's not obvious, it's propably not how It's done :p It's not 100% polished, you might need to look the quests up on a wiki and it could have had a bit more different mobs but if you like RPG and enjoy conversations, decisions and story this is a game for you. A few hours will quickly pass."
,Recommended,219780,13913285,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Dělník1911,Hidden gem. Masterpiece. I recommend this game to all RPG fans out there.
76561198046734749,Recommended,219780,13793816,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,romanius16,This game is another Larian studios product and it is very very interesting game-i played only Developers cut version so i avoided all bugs and enjoyed the game a lot.It is brilliant RPG very original with the dragon morph and very good graphics the weak point of this game is the end of the base game which is sad and strange.Rating: 90%
76561198080090670,Recommended,219780,14025654,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,paul.docherty,"Good solid game. Not quite in the same league as skyrim and witcher etc, but fun and interesting in places nonetheless."
,Recommended,219780,14552315,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,motomotovh,"I was pleasantly surprised with this game.  I was crossing my fingers it wouldn't be another boring, generic 3DRPG and it wasnt.  Combat, class customization and upgrades were good enough to keep my attention.  Content was released in a great progression to keep the game from getting stale halfway through.  All this was coupled with unique characters, plenty of lore and an interesting Main story to follow.  A great surprise, and well worth the purchase!"
,Recommended,219780,14038562,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rowlaz,"Now this is a awesome game, one of my tops."
76561198006596525,Recommended,219780,14521472,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,rpeery,This was a very enjoyable game to play - lots of fun!
,Recommended,219780,13778802,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Casual Peace,"Real Hidden Gem of a game, I like stats to build on and skills that aren't only locked to a certain class so if you want a dual wielding Battle Mage you can which im making on my first play through. The graphics aren't bad the animation can be a little clucky during combat but you get use to it in the first hour of cleaning up the map.The game reminds me of kingdom of amalur but you can jump in D2 even tho it is a little awkward but you get use to it after awhile. The music is well done the story and NPC's are well written. Well done voice acting.If you have any doubts on buying it I would wait for it to go on sell, but for moi im digging it."
,Recommended,219780,9342079,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Sir RageQuitsALot,"Even with it's several foibles, an engrossing and truly enjoyable game.And don't mind the couple of shrill voice actors early on, it gets better."
,Recommended,219780,10280831,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,♎  Hannibal M. Barca,"Divinity 2 is a game I have started on several times a few years ago, but finally decided to go for a full play through when I discovered it in my Steam library including the Flames of Vengence.I had previously logged around 2 hours on the game before starting a fresh character in total I have around 60 hours as a few hours were played in offline mode and not recorded to my overall play time. I can say for sure that this game is well worth your money if you can get into the game. The game has a quite decent story line, even though the plot twist is visible from a mile away. As for the general mechanics of the game they are pretty basic as are the classes. The ability to turn into a dragon is a nice feature but too limited as you cannot use it against ground based enemies.Overall a great game!"
76561197995656590,Recommended,219780,33549574,Posted: 14 July,all,Ignite,"***This Review base upon the main game ""Ego Draconis"" only, I may update review for ""Flame of vengeance"" later***Divinity II probably is what I can call a surprisingly hidden gem within many good and bad reason.Pro+ The writing is something really fresh in a good way. I confess, I haven't laugh so hard like this in my life since Dragon age: Origin. The most emphasize point would be on the protagonist (You ofcourse)'s Dialogues (Insulting enemies in RPG never be this fun before)+ The skill system is something I could say almost as good as ""Amalur: The Reckoning"". Your character can equip any kind of weapon you wish to go with, Each type of weapon can be ""Professionize"" through upgrading a certain skills. Like me, I decide that a fittest weapon for dragon slayer (or soon dragon knight) must be a bare fist, And boy, I'm not in disappoint here. Fist of north star is real Here!!!+ Soundtrack was strangely well compose, And believe it or not. The Dev go as far as to put a specific on certain areas as well.++ It surprising me very much, But Larian studio did a marvelous job for tying their every game's storyline together, In a strangely good way. And I tip my hats off for them for this.Con- Graphic was very much out of date and the animation was .....uhmmmm... ""Janky""?- Control is in between slippery and tank like.- The third part of game start to getting repetitive and boring-  For an RPG on this scale, some specific way point or Directional Assistance would be a real big welcome.ConclusionDivinity II is a good surprise for me. Where most game nowaday try so hard to be serious and satisfied the feeling of their main customer (Kids, Tweeny etc.) Divinity II maintain and remind me of those old day of RPG very much likely."
76561198006750838,Recommended,219780,35191972,Posted: 24 September,all,LoneStar7T9,"Hey?! Check this game out. If you're here by accident with the incredible 'Divinity:Original Sin', then stay a while.This is the 3rd person action version of that world.Tricky to get to grips with, but keep going and you'll discover an incredibly rich and vibrant game. Huge in scope (I clocked 200 hours on the old disc version), great OST and hilarious witty dialogue with an enormous complex level up system.I've supported Larian software for years now, and I hope you will too. Forget these big AAA, money grabbing parasite companies and take a chance on a smaller, passionate European team. This is the perfect companion to Divinity:Original Sin/2.Soft, strong and very very long."
,Recommended,219780,33777996,Posted: 24 July,all,Phoxly,"Great game, especially the early and mid game. The quality of the gameplay drops off a bit towards the end, but it's still a ton of fun. Would recommend to any RPG fan."
76561197979269925,Recommended,219780,8645446,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Temeritas,"I put this game on a shelf a long time after buying it (well Steam Sale^^), but im happy i finally fired it up.The Game did the 3 ,imo, most important parts of a RPG right. Great atmosphere,great story/storytelling and good character development(skill and itemwise).For me the game had a similiar feel to it like the gothic series and i loved those games (1-3), so everyone wo liked those games might give it a try.The advertised Dragon transformation is nice, but for me it was more like a built-in minigame, then a part of the game itself, if this would be your main reason to buy it, you might want to reconsider.There were only two bad thing i would really mention.1. The early (character)levels are a bit to hard and the later levels to easy, but some might like this ""getting op"" feeling.2. Sometimes the mouse responded slow or stopped working alltogether ingame. This was fixed by a game restart, luckily the mouse in the menu still worked, so i could save everytime and lost no progress."
,Recommended,219780,21404547,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,CLazyLeo,"For now, it's the best RPG I've ever played (gothic 2 is beyond classification). It has absolutly balanced and vivid word, where everybody wanted or expected somethig from you and it has your own base, my favorite part of game! It much better that same one from DD:OS, for it feels like home you want to protect. And the roster of villains/henchmen is great, they are hard to find and fun to fight. Bellegar was awesome! The lore is rich and features so many little (and not) things from previous and following games; everytime it was like nostalgiapunch. And walking through ruins of Maxos' and dragon knights' legacy was some exciting experience. And then you realize that the coolest (by lvls) loot in game belongs to dragon slayers (second game) and black ring madman (first game), badumtsssIt's tragic and comic at same time, with mindblowing twist in the end of first part, and very chamber adventure in second part. And it's great. Thanks again, Larian Team!"
76561198001370449,Recommended,219780,17356271,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Nexziro,"One of the best RPGs ever made.  Starts out kind of slow, but if you keep with it its an amazing game.   Only wish the developers would have gotten the publisher money they were looking for."
,Recommended,219780,20111578,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Adhzap,this game is my first rpg ever. i played it with cd and i loved it. but i crashed the main story because i destroyed a quest. now i bought this developers cut and i totally cried cause it runs. (the cd version doesn't work fluent)every Rpg fan should buy this masterpiece.
76561197975506601,Recommended,219780,20982837,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,GaidalKain,You get to be a dragon..need I say more?
,Recommended,219780,16237553,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,IceFox,"Such a good game. An open world rpg with hack & slash style combat.-Combat attacks are really quick, but maybe a little too quick. It's basically how fast you mash your mouse button.-Has archery, magic and warrior style combat.-5 different skillsets (Priest, Mage, Warrior, Ranger and Dragon Slayer.)-Duel-weilding, sword & shield, single-handed weapon and unarmed make up the different melee combat styles-Unique abilites like mindreading and turning into a dragon.-Weapons and armor are done very nicely and look really good.-The best part about this game has to be fully voiced npc's. (Sadly your own character is not voiced.)The two nagging things about this game is the terrible auto save system and the 'go find the quest location yourself with very little help on where it's at' quest system. Bascially it's a ploy to make you spend more time in the game because you'll spend a bit of time looking around.Overall the game is really nice and any fan of rpg's should probably have it in their library."
76561198108033289,Recommended,219780,13520103,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hutt'nkloas,A very decent hack n slash RPG
76561197995158485,Recommended,219780,12168833,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Searanox,"(Ignore the 5minutes thing, Steam refuses to run it and I have to run the .exe file from my computer directly. I completed the core game and the expansion pack ""Flames of Vengeance."")Divinity 2 is an EXCELLENT game, if you haven't played the first two games. Basically their main story and lore take it up the pah-tootie. There used to be seven races, now we're down to just humans. The main villian (Damian) should not be in this dimension according to the game's lore, as he is cursed to remain in another dimension until aided by the forces of good. Etc. Etc. I could point out plot holes all day, but they only really apply to people that played Divine Divinity and Beyond Divinity.Everyone that is coming in new to this will LOVE IT to pieces.+t's an excellent example of the action/rpg genre.+The snarky writing is hilarious, Larian Studio's humor shines all the brighter with every new game.+You can read people's minds and see the ghosts of the dead!+You can turn into a dragon and burninate the country-side!+You get your own Battle Tower, complete with alchemist to make as many potions as you could ever want! <3-WAY too many sub-quests, not enough main plot stuff. I think this game wants to be an MMO.-Golden ""!"" and ""?"" for quest-givers, lame!-You can't flirt with men, but there are plenty of sexy things to say to women in this game. (Larian has a history of mistreating its female characters and players. Everything is he/him/his in the main dialogues, even if you're playing a woman.)-The ending is a SLAP IN THE FACE, and I was FURIOUS when it was over. I won't spoil it, but my GOD it sucked!7/10-- Would recommend to friends that wanna get into action rpg's. Play for the game and the hilarious writing, and ignore the ending. It's a♥♥♥♥♥♥tease. :P"
76561198098390913,Recommended,219780,13284607,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,THE POWER OF LOVE,"The game itself is very good, it strives to make the player laugh and the soundtrack is very pleasant to listen to. There are a moderate amount of sidequests and plenty of content to find that's hidden away. Although the game feels very linear, i'd say that it's worth the buy."
,Recommended,219780,7820003,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,N. Barinoff,play if you like Fable:The Lost Chapters and Skyrim
76561198012312642,Recommended,219780,33160883,Posted: 2 July,all,Zevoox,"Main game works on Win 10. Addon doesn't. I've made this review only because so many people say that game doesn't work and its only partially true. I was able to start a game many times without any problems. There is possibility that after you will get to the point in the story where Addon starts, it will be possible to play...Even if the game won't work as a full product still you will get many hours of a very good rpg. Game is currently on sale and i would say riskt it cuz its a very good product."
,Recommended,219780,21609824,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Thomas,"You first become a dragon slayer, after 15 minutes, you become a dragon...10/10 Would dragon againReal review: This is an amazing game, with lots of details, lot's of things to enjoy and so much to explore, enemyes are a bit difficult to slain if you don't make profit of the little bugs that you can find (They are not entirely bugs, but glitches where sometimes you can slain the difficult enemies without getting hit 1 single time), apart from that it's a great game, i recomend it to people who likes deep stories and DRAGONS"
,Recommended,219780,33417204,Posted: 9 July,all,Slyth,"This game is all about little details. I almost died laughing when you have the option to ask Decimus to say ""Maxos"" when he meets Amdusias in the Hall of Echoes."
76561198066524209,Recommended,219780,8083371,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,ＧＩＮＩ,"Its so Fun and I haven't even turned into a Dragon xD. I must of spent the first 30 mins kicking chickens, the physics made it so satisfying! A immersive story so far and very good!"
,Recommended,219780,23875192,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ange le Carré,"I played and beat this game on Xbox 360 (both Ego Draconis and Dragon Knight Saga), it is one of my personal Favorite Fantasy RPG's. If you ever wished you could TURN INTO A dragon in an RPG, welp, here yah go! The story is BEYOND BRILLIANT! The acting is good (according to my memory), there are actions you make that will affect things, one of the biggest being later in the story when you aquire the battle tower and get to choose between 2 people for each posiiton and the one you don't, dies.There is necromancy that gives you a summoned creature in this no matter you're class choice. There is the 3 basic types, Warrior, Rogue, Mage, and it branches into really cool abilitys, you can mind read people, the ghosts are weird but kinda silly and even creepy looking in this. The Developers cut gives you the ability to have full control over the game and your character, changing everything but the story, it can of course get buggy but still! I would highly recommend if you ge this to beat the game without any mods first, then go nuts on a second playthrough. I recommend this because it feels different from other RPG's and is very engaging and fun, one of those that follows mechanics of Bioare's Infamous RPG's (mostly with dioalogue choices and such), if I remember correctly your character DOES! talk as well....I could be wrong it's been a while.To give an example of some my personal favored RPG's that if you're a fan of I would recommend this as well are,Knights Of The Old Republic (1 & 2),Mass Effect (1-3),Kingdoms Of Amalur; Reckoning,Two Worlds (1 & 2),Elder Scrolls V Skyrim,there are others but you get the picture. As a bit of added thing I recommend, I'm one of those people who enjoys listening to music, finding soemthing to add my own soundtrack to games that fits perfectly well with, and when I originally played this game music That always makes me think of the game I listened to at the time was music by, Sonata Arctica and a few songs by Free Spirit.I highly recommend this game to RPG fans!REMEMBER THAT! This is not played anything like ""Divinity Original Sin"", it is a completely different story and completely different style of gameplay, Original Sin is top down and Stratedgy, this is 3rd-person real time combat."
,Recommended,219780,8295695,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Craylium,Very fun! all i can say is that you can turn into a mother effin dragon!
76561197991768235,Recommended,219780,20306880,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mintar,"An excellent game with a beautiful world and outstanding musical score throughout the game. I very much appreciated the diversity in quests, often with a funny or unexpected twist, which helped keep the game fresh. Also, the world is full of (optional) secrets, but you really have to work for them, since the hints to find them are often subtle and depend on you being 'ready' to think and involve other senses. This makes it all the more rewarding. Having played 'Divine Divinity' and 'Divinity: Original Sin', I loved seeing the typical Larian humour in dialogue and cut-scenes again.Overall, one of the most fun games I have played."
76561198044655462,Recommended,219780,12529109,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,GrimZypher,"my first divinity game that i played and i fuu-- luvd it !!!i recommend it strongly to buy!such a great story, nice detail in the world, cool dialog system ( with the reading mind and so on).challanging progression, custom class (mix of warrior,necromancer etc.).really nice boss fights (might get frustrating ;) ).and most important the developer´s cut includes everything soundtrack, artwork, dev videoand most important the addon ^^ !just love it cant wait to the sequel <3!!"
76561198043719155,Recommended,219780,13540611,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kili,Def a fun game!
76561198067494349,Recommended,219780,13562960,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,rhodesdanny,"amazing RPG, one of the best I've ever played. Great contents great story. good battle system. very under rated but very good game!!!"
,Recommended,219780,13596184,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mareliant,"An RPG classic, kind of a Quest Fest, but also a pretty fun old-school 3D RPG action."
76561198045209055,Recommended,219780,14357632,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,fisheye12,I love this game! While it does not have the open world of Skyrim; there is still plenty of exploration. Plus it takes you where Dragonborn did not go - you can fly the friendly skies.I do have one problem on my Window's 7 computer with this game; my spywear picks it up as a virus (Banco.pcx) and deleats the exc. From my Steam library I can right click on the game and go down to properties. Then I can click on local content and tell them to check the program (they then reinstall the exc while I have my spywear paused).Even with the one problem; I would highly recomend this game to everyone. It really has me hooked!
76561198099616449,Recommended,219780,29710579,Posted: 4 February,all,BobbyJoe,A very underated game.
76561197988566886,Recommended,219780,30359366,Posted: 6 March,all,_Jemis_,"One of those games. You keep playing it like no tomorrow while thinking ""this is sh***t, oh boy this is sh***t"".And when you finally complete the game, you marvel ""wow, what the heck was that sh***t???""And then you restart with another class."
76561198014807208,Recommended,219780,27490103,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cesk1e,i recommend this game for everyone who loves to play a open world rpg.
76561198094147810,Recommended,219780,8724635,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Slavore,I really like this game xD
76561198026367228,Recommended,219780,17946738,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,VonDodo,Its just fun and has a nice story. Music is quite bad unfortunately
,Recommended,219780,11418184,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Conservatron,super fun quirky rpg female armors lacking in protection but hey its european developers so what do you expect?
,Recommended,219780,22510208,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,KingShane,"One of the most interesting and driving stories I've ever seen in a franchise, but the fact that you can just punt the wildlife makes it sooooooooooo much better :)"
,Recommended,219780,27781994,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ragu,shiny
,Recommended,219780,21352492,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Yungkibbz,Best single player RPG I've played finally got it on PC I've been hundreds of hours into this on console amazing replay value and TONS of builds you can test out
,Recommended,219780,18368509,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Hanyu,It is a pity that the game was quickly forgotten. It is awesome. Developers took up other projects but that RPG their masterpiece. Highly recommended to all fans of action RPGs!!!
,Recommended,219780,29448757,Posted: 23 January,all,ilovefantacy,"Fantastic! I've not found a game that compares with it, yet, but I'll be looking for more like this. I do wish the Dragon had four legs and could land, though. The skeletons of dragons did, but not the one you become. That was really the only deficit I found with the whole game."
,Recommended,219780,23840842,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Leagrende,I really recomend this game. The secrets and stuff are really epic.
,Recommended,219780,10078701,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,>>>RICECREAM,Game has some of the best open world rpg combat everrrrr.  Even better then skyrim!!!
76561197961239220,Recommended,219780,9152353,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Coca,Fun 3rd person RPG. Gets a lil slow in the end but well worth the current price.
76561198072380091,Recommended,219780,12455537,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,whatdoesthisbuttondo?,"Overall pretty solid game, picked it up on sale for about $4. A bit steep on the difficulty level, so probably best to start on the easiest setting to get used to it. Nice dialogues, and a good story as far as I've seen.Only bad thing about it I can say is the somewhat problematic character movement, you'll get sometimes stuck on terrain or bridges for no apparent reason, and doing precise tactical combat moves is pretty hard.Especially the getting stuck problem you'll encounter a lot early in the game, so as a ranger you'll have to save often there, or there's bound to be frustration.If you're into RPGs give it a spin, it does that part pretty well. Stay away though if you are short-fused when it comes to little glitches :-)"
,Recommended,219780,13661572,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Loden DarkStar,One of my fav traditional RPG games on the PC; supprisingly it has a ton of replay value at least for me which is not somthing I tend to say about linear RPGs though I do love them. The developers cut goes and adds a ton of replay value by letting you muck around with console comands spawning monsters and all sorts of stuff but even with out that the story is good the progression is solid the only thing to complain about is they havent released a sequal in the same style yet.
,Recommended,219780,6349193,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴 Arterius,Divine as always.
76561198015885615,Recommended,219780,16896074,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Lord_Solaire,"Brilliant game with huge amount of belgian humor. Every important elements of RPG are included in this game: lots of skills, choices to be made, interesting dialogues. Can't wait to play the next game fromDivinityfranchise made by people from Larian."
76561198044976296,Recommended,219780,16695296,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dragonknight,Epic game.No other way to say this.
,Recommended,219780,33415056,Posted: 9 July,all,meepgirl88,"This game is absolutely incredible. I would suggest anyone to play it, because the storyline is rich with hours of play and exploration. And, the dialogue is original and terrific - almost memorable.However... there is one serious problem I have with the Steam version, and that it is buggy. For instance... music won't start in several locations, I have to save often because of loading screens that freeze the game and I'll have to restart again, and objects will inexplicably go missing.I wish I could work out the bugs or download a patch, because this game is pretty awesome."
,Recommended,219780,22837403,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Dahaka,I like!
76561198117026517,Recommended,219780,23341654,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,blackballet_bb,Love this game. Old school fun!
,Recommended,219780,9283061,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,[SG] Spiritwind,"Divinty 2 managed to keep me interested in its gameplay for at least 10 hours, which can be rare in single player games.  During that 10 hours, I found my self very interested, however the only thing I felt was lacking was the Combat system.  It felt too simple for me; and while its been quite some time between writing this review and playing it; I still felt like it was overall a good game.  I did not stick through till the end of this game, mainly because it started feeling like an MMO.  I was just running around doing the same things over and over again, and that was all I could look forward to doing in the future of the game.Still, I recommend this game, as I know that there are many gamers out there who enjoy this; and I did find some enjoyment within it.  It was certainly worth the low price I had paid for it, as it was on sale at the time."
,Recommended,219780,16709248,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Zevaa,"I love this game and the story, I can't get off this game all I want to is spend all day playing it. XD"
,Recommended,219780,26411691,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Jack O Lantern,"I will probs do a full review after finished the game but I played this in 2013 on Xbox and fell in love with it until I reached level 21 and kept dying because I invested unevenly in stat points and had the ♥♥♥♥♥est unplanned build.Absolutely worth buying, great graphics, amazing gameplay, fun and inventive quests but it would be nice to have a better inventory system where you can drop items rather than destroying them. 11/10"
76561198071915950,Recommended,219780,35091944,Posted: 20 September,all,Serious Secare,I owned this game before steam and absolutely love it. Unfortunately it didn't work at the time I had purchased it so I got a refund. But it's obvious this isn't a problem for everyone so don't let it influence your decision. I won't give it a bad review for something that was probably on my end.
,Not Recommended,219780,26701336,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ArYahn,"Let me get a couple things out of the way. First, I don't consider this to be a ""bad"" game in spite of the glaring red mark, but I can't really see myself recommending it to anyone either. Second there are some pretty terrible graphics issues right out of the gate, and if you do decide to pick it up I strongly encourage you to check out the pcgaming wiki page for it, as well as updating all relevant software. I admit that I haven't finished the game at this point, but I've also lost any interest in continuing.The combat in Divinity 2 is pretty comparable to something like World of Warcraft, you get a skillbar and a number of passive(dull minor % buffs) and active skills. The skills you can learn are limited by only your character level, which is pretty cool as it allows you to be open and creative with how you build your character, avoid the various crap skills, etc. When actually putting them into practice though, I found that it was the usual tedious rinse repeat of skill rotations, and for the most part enemies were easily avoided, especially early on. After a few hours in the game you'll run into quite a large number of enemies whose attacks cannot be avoided though: spell casters with instant hit point blasts, archers whose normal attacks can usually be avoided but whose special skills curve through the air magically tracking you. In fact a couple of the more annoying boss battles I experienced were against archers who had an undodgable stun (something like four seconds!), that they followed up with an explosive shot and various other attacks. The first of these encounters I had to cheese by exploiting line of sight, the second one I eventually realized could be blinded, and I wound up reloading until I got a successful blind before being stunned and gibbed. Ugh, and enemy healers, just annoying. Or maybe I'm just a bit jealous because when I got out of tougher fights in the earlier portions of the game I had to prance about looking for something else to do while waiting for my Hitpoints and Mana to ever so slowly crawl back up. Thankfully they seem to recover when you're in dialogs and inventory screens.The autosave function is a joke. In my playthrough I could count on it triggering maybe once every 3 hours. It's a bit painful to discover that after coming from more modern titles, but then the quicksave instinct quickly returns...and allows for any imaginable amount of save scumming you are comfortable with. Spend XP to mindread someone then reload? Sure, why not? I actually made an effort not to do this, but it still feels like a design oversight.Ah, but you do get to turn into a dragon...after several hours carving through the first few areas of the game. It is great at first...buuuut it got old pretty quick for me. Dragon gameplay is completely segregated from human gameplay, which admittedly is kinda necessary to keep the human side relevant without putting in something like a ""dragon gauge"" or whatever. Still, it's kinda silly to not even be able to see enemies on the ground while you're in dragon mode. In one instance I was flying around inside a giant cavern disabling barriers to get at a necromancer, when I dropped the last one I was expecting to be able deliver a big ol' dragon ♥♥♥♥♥smack, but no one was there. I transform to human and land and the necromancer is there ready to take me on. Great. Transform back into dragon, he runs off and disappears into the aether. Very disappointing. At first playing as the dragon felt empowering and kind of awesome, but then it quickly felt very easy and also inconsequential, because nothing I did as a dragon was going to make my human life much better.The writing kinda reminds me of various bioware games as far as the overall plot goes, but without much of the binary  meter driven morality. Most of the dialog options didn't seem to matter all that much though, and seemed to amount to a binary I am or am not being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ here. NPCs are eh, believable if not charming, fully voiced except for the main character which is impressive. Their animations seem pretty spastic at times for my taste, but it's pretty good still. No NPC party members outside of some short quest related instances, at least for the duration of my playthrough. I feel like that would've made a large difference in my impression of the game too, so more's the pity.The game holds up fairly well visually and has some amusing if simple puzzles, and clever tricks here and there. There is definitely some respectable take away if you can stand the lackluster combat and mechanics, being trapped in a room after quicksaving, etc."
76561198053034419,Recommended,219780,23939463,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jannis,You're a ♥♥♥♥in dragon.its ok
76561198028401872,Recommended,219780,12768130,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,poakley1,"Excellent Game, The Developer's console make's it much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,219780,34709977,Posted: 3 September,all,Anonemia,Really worth playing
,Recommended,219780,8183435,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Khyness ღ,Bought this game because its made in Belguim :P A must play for RPG fans realy good game 9/10
76561198057921643,Recommended,219780,29405920,Posted: 21 January,all,timbreckeridge,Best game i've played in a long time can't waght for the next chapter. I LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198289854585,Not Recommended,219780,31406567,Posted: 27 April,all,NinjaKitsune,"You know... It saddens me to have to post a negative review for this game on ONE ground. The fact that the executable is broken. It will get to the screens with the companies that made the game, then crap out on me. And sadly, it didn't start out that way. For the short time I was able to play this game, I loved it!And don't tell me it's because my computer is under the specs, because my laptop, the laptop I type this review on can run Fallout 4 (albeit with lots of lag). So there is NO REASON that this game cannot run on my laptop after it did when I first bought this game on the same machine.I would recommend this game if it wasn't for the fact that the executable just straight-up refuses to run when it can run bigger and more advanced games."
,Not Recommended,219780,25082021,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Kenny,It is not a bad game but it is pretty annoying. There are still bugs and the worst is you cannot quick load as you are supposed to quick load when you are dead. You need to wait for a while and then you cannot use any buttons you just click and click once you are dead. It is fun to play but it is not well balanced. I could play divinity 1 non stop for hours. This game just makes me feel bored after a while... I can barely stand it.
76561198156309984,Recommended,219780,23808273,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,123,Love it!
76561197980241343,Recommended,219780,24066292,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
,Recommended,219780,24287826,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,FireBlitz8404,And i thought Dragon Commander was an amazing game. I love this and Im just tipping the iceberg on the story.
76561198032355799,Recommended,219780,13733884,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,coleblade00100,"I honestly have mixed feelings about this game, considering its age, its very secure in its own mythos. It is not obviously trying to be anyhting else but a modified divinity game, no longer top down but third person.  That beig said, it gave a sense of scale that just didn't live up to the hype. I found myself repeating tasks, combat became stale fast, no new tricks and it is a long game but I found myself using only 3 or 4 techniques and thats it. The game has no real LEGENDARY weapons and armor, stuff that takes more than a guanlet to complete. Buying weapons and armor is pointless beacuse what you find or loot is much better. Over all I will give it my recomendation but only a 5/10, get it cheap and keep an open mind."
,Recommended,219780,13136827,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,boonzee,please set frames to 55 locked. plays correctly everything on max settings
,Recommended,219780,11279807,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Raven,Bloody love this game.
,Recommended,219780,26077436,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SpaceCake,"I quite enjoyed the game, though as a true adventurer;I did stumble upon, a few things that could easily, have been patched.(Mostly floating objects, in some of the floating fortresses.)Hoping they will make, either a sequel, or a ""pre-sequel."""
,Recommended,219780,2567226,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,TheSilverHammer,"It is not bad for an older RPG.  It is a very undirected RPG, meaning that when a NPC gives you a quest to kill or get something, there are no directions to where your objective is.I played it for about 29 hours before I gave up on it.  My character was quite strong and fights were mostly the same.  It was not very challenging although I occasionally had to google quests to figure out what to do.It is definitly worth playing for the cheap price it is offered at. I got it on a chistmass sale for like $5."
76561198056914639,Recommended,219780,19753081,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,rem410ml,"This is a seriously well planned and developed game.  Thee is a strong story, plot, and the game flows very well.  Character construction, monsters, and vivid artwork lend themselves to make this one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,219780,27679,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Zeke,"Okay, this game is a mixed bag. Let's get the good in first: It's hard, creative, and pretty fun. Both the normal game and expansion (not really, see below) are included, which is paramount for one reason I shall share.For off, gameplay: it doesn't hold your hand and SOME builds do NOT work. I ended up becoming melee/magic with summoner abilities. Unfortunately, the gameplay has a few downsides. Quests EXPECT you to have taken notes (aka put notes on the map) for characters and places. Otherwise, you'll end up Googling a lot. THis was a nice touch since the game expected you to use your brain and not follow the waypoint. It's like this in both parts.The premise of the game is that you can become a Dragon. Of course if I tell you how that happen, it's a spoiler. Anyway, it took me about 10 hours in to get said Dragon power and then at about 20 hours in Divinity II: Ego Draconis ends. This is where the game got serious: The ending for Ego Draconis is downright evil. It puts you into a mindset, THEN Flames of Vengeance begins! NOW YOU'RE READY TO KICK♥♥♥♥♥Not really. Here's a minor spoiler: The ending boss is NOT Damien. In fact, the game ends on a happy note with Flames of Vengeance and.... LOOSE END Damien is still alive. Plus, in the expansion, all you do is run around a city, not really exploring exotic places like in Ego Draconis. Flames of Vengeance is notoriously easier too since you're already super leveled and have epic gear.But yeah, if you see this game for $20 or below I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,219780,8358034,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Andrew Wallace,If you like dragons buy this game. You can become one and fly around and kill guards. It's not a popular game but it's very unique and interesting.
,Recommended,219780,24639124,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,zaphodikus,"A fully immersive game that will keep you out of trouble for a moderate amount of time while you learn out the game mechanics, find your groove and playstyle and enjoy the different ""modes"" as well. Definitely not a boring hack and slash.Asside from a few map glithes that meant saves were pretty much the only way to complete this game, it is a real keeper."
,Recommended,219780,33328895,Posted: 6 July,all,Araskelo,"I have all my fifty hours of game time in the other version of the game. I highly recommend the game. The ending of Ego Draconis is very annoying, and Flames of Vengeance should have just been a standalone since they robbed me of my gold. There are some weird balancing issues throughout the game (I literally one shot the last boss of FoV)"
76561198007197608,Not Recommended,219780,22007088,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,[S]almon,"TL:DR - Divinity II had a lot of promise, but ultimately fails to deliver.Divinty II has all the makings of a classic 3rd person RPG but the story is uninspiring and the world feels empty and boring. The biggest flaw in the game, however, is its lack of accessibility. This is a game that will mercilessly kick your♥♥♥♥♥and feel good about it.For example, you can save whenever you want, but the game doesn’t warn you when you’re about to get locked in a dungeon with enemies way above your level - if you saved then you’re ♥♥♥♥ed. Divinity II has all the difficulty of a classic hardcore RPG with none of the old-school charm. Not recommended for any but the most hardcore RPG fan."
76561198190647379,Recommended,219780,31524764,Posted: 3 May,all,Orums,"ok I'm gonna keep it real here....This game is frustrating as hell, has some s*** voice acting from time to time, Horrid soundtrack, crushing difficulty for those who just follow the main quest, and some awkward conversations. Like for real this game has been a massive source of frustration for me.......but I'll be a monkey's gynecologist if I deny that it's still fun. Once you level a bit and pool some resources, the game gets much less hard. Once you unlock the ability to transform and summon your beast, she gets even MOAR fun. I'm recommending this based on the fact that if you're more stubborn than this title is unforgiving, you can have a butload of fun with it."
76561198030337222,Recommended,219780,31654420,Posted: 9 May,all,Valorousspectre,"You get to be a dragon♥♥♥♥ the questline, dragons dude♥♥♥♥ yeahHonestly though, great game and cool dragon transformation makes for seriously wicked stuffAlso, use magic as a dragon to turn a wyrm into a ladybug?I'll bite.9/10, would repeat play"
,Recommended,219780,21096030,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,jtgunner,"great game dont pass it up. i lost 8 hrs first time playing. $3.99 and im sure ill lose many more hrs. Its a very good game and i did not want to waste my money but i did and it wasnt a waste at all. great game hope to see it again with updated engine and an even bigger world.10/10 would lose countless more hrs exploring this world!!!!This is an update to my earlier review. The combat in this game is great as well. Its challenging you cant just hack and slash.You can see my soecs on my steam page, Im running this on everything ultra and it looks  really pleasing to the eye. It reminds me so much of  Elder Scrolls, but not at the same time. the story is great. so all in all for $3.99 its an amazing steal. RPG lovers dont pass this up!!!!"
,Recommended,219780,26341493,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,SlowHam,"This game has some of the most hilarious writing I've seen in a video game since I played the original fallouts and nwn games.  While I feel the combat is very lacking (the game makes up for it by letting you turn INTO A DRAGON), the game more than makes up for it in the story telling.  Well, in most cases.I've always felt that the background lore to the divinity series is largely nonsensical and at times moronic, but the quests, dialogue and character interaction have always been top notch.  This is probably their best game in that regard.The expansion really solidifies that, with the new person stuck in your head being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wizard instead of a certain mumble mumble spoilers.  Whoever did the voice acting for this guy nailed it, and whoever wrote the character deserves an award.  Alternatively the 'good' wizard is a raving lunatic whos irritating insanity meant I could never side with him.If you make the right choices, you get a certain bonus boss at the end of the game who chides the actual boss for being stupid and not getting you on their side.  It was possibly the funniest thing in the entire game.Great writing, good graphics, meh combat, and satisfying soundtrack.   Worth a purchase."
76561198013285019,Recommended,219780,25358949,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Pentec,"I beat this game.That probably doesn't mean much to you, but I typically do not finish my games. I loved playing Divinity II. Yes you can turn into a dragon at times, and yes that is AMAZING. There's also a nice story, and fighting, and some minor puzzles hidden about. Make the game challenging if you're looking for a challenge, or turn down the difficulty and just enjoy it.  Cons: Can't always be a dragon."
76561198063962077,Recommended,219780,25368007,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Belliell,"Game is about 40 hours of decent paced gameplay , could probably cut that donw to 35 easily if you wernt wandering about clueless like myselfIts a decent story , combat is good for the time period and moral choices are brushed on lightly . 8/10 ."
,Recommended,219780,14173564,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,theNoize,"if you are an rpg fan, its worth the time"
,Recommended,219780,14739837,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,OhioMan,"Pretty good game, been playing this title mainly offline. I liked the Witcher series risen and Kingdom of Amalur so this title fits right in"
76561198003368009,Recommended,219780,11013793,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,AndsuBM,Best story that i`v ever experienced...
76561198031114879,Recommended,219780,12469478,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Airedale,Good old fashioned dungeon crawler with lots of choices for character customization.
,Recommended,219780,10675805,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Davetron,9/10. Like Skyrim with dragons
76561198000574093,Recommended,219780,12470306,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Trippingghost,buy it when its on sale
,Recommended,219780,9689730,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,hooverdirt,"""Shiny??"""
,Recommended,219780,13225324,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Senis,"Very good and fun game, but very unintuitive and unbalanced. Sometimes you get tired of repeating and dissapointed if you want perfect it. 8/10"
76561198012402193,Recommended,219780,14061048,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Grayfox,Absolutely love this game it was unknown to me i just picked it up in a sale and now its one of the best games i have ever played. I love the story the characters the voice acting just a brilliant game i couldn't stop playing. 10/10
76561197992218879,Recommended,219780,14730553,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Definition,I personaly would not compare this game to other games; it is very creative and stands on it`s own feetSHINYBig up !
42034567890193546,Recommended,219780,13222080,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,dovahdog,amazing but hard to fix if broken if u want to get a game with amazing graphics this isnt for uif your looking for an amazing rpg with epic worlds this is
76561198035946000,Recommended,219780,26123537,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,GolovA,An amazingly solid and voluminous game.  Exemplery writing.  Superb music.Guys from Larian Studios showed their passion and dedication not by talking but through this game.Respect.
,Recommended,219780,16395322,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,dejaqwho,"One of the MOST underrated RPGs ever.The game has a very good “RGP” feel, progression/leveling is terrific and gives you a good feel of advancement of character and always keeps you interested in the “next level”.Combat is RPG like but has a slight feel of action-RPG, and this shouldn’t scare you off is you don’t like action RPGs, since it’s done very well, and still feels like you are playing an RPG like say (Dragon Age). To the same point if you like, more “action” in your RPG then you won’t be disappointed either.Different combat systems are fantastic, you can do some mix match as well to go from magic/combat/ranged, it’s done very well, and this gives good strength to the replaybility factor, since you want to experience.If you like real time RPGs and you don’t have this game, what are you waiting for, this is a hidden GEM of a game.•	Loot system is excellent, there is enchantment of weapons/gear as well•	You can morph into a dragon (and level up your dragon mode)•	Has a fully capable console, which allows you to “cheat” or do some other interesting things with the game.•	Story is 8.5/10•	Combat 10/10•	Visuals/Art style 9.5/10 (yes the game is older, but if you ask me it still stands up nicely)•	Replay ability 10/10•	Sound/Music 9/10•	Overall 9/10"
76561198054382039,Recommended,219780,16527623,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,pedja_pop,i really like the game! :)
76561198005899270,Recommended,219780,17859727,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,DarkSid3r,Hands Down one of the best RPG's you can play. Starts slow but builds beautifully.  200 + hours if you go everywhere and see everything. Make sure you choice is what you want because it changes the path of the game for good!!! .... always quick save and load. - There is always another bigger better more gnarly epic weapon or item to find and keep. - its thats simple and awesome and hard and - DAMNIT - JUST GO PLAY IT>
76561198026942737,Recommended,219780,17098390,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,madgamer2,"Tqake everything you think you know about RPG games,  YOU KNOW THE WAY THEY ARE DESIGNED AND PLAYED,  All the dungeon crawling, leveling up and game play and put them in a bag and toss them into the trash.   Because the way you see and play and invole yoursel with the game will be changed forever.It starts out with you being a new dragon slayer and going to a place called Farglow to learn the basics of dragon slaying.   You will choose what class you want to be.  There are 3 here to choose from: MAGE,  FIGHTER,and RANGER.SOME HAVE SAID THAT CHARACTER CHOICE AND CREATION RUN ALONG THE SIMPLE.   I think you will develop your character through the choice of over 30 skills which are devided into the three mentioned clases plus a priest class.   The basic development fall into two basic ways to develop your character.You can develop a  character using skills from his class or you cat develop one using skill choices from several classes.This will let you develop a character that suits your style.  A single class character will be stronger and a character developed using skill from more than one class  will be more visital,    I started as a fighter but soon saw the advantageto being good with a bow.  Keep in mind that your class choice  will give you some skills to start the game depending on the class.The skills are devided into 2 types active and passive.  You can have as many passive skills as yo wish,  The active skills and other items are placed in a 8 hotkey display at the bottom of the screen.  You can have more active skill and special abilities but only 8 will be in the hotkeys. The special ability's things you can do,Each time you gain a level you get 6 stat points  that you can increase one of your 5 ststs.  You also get 1 skill points to purchase a new skill or improve an exsisting skill,   Each skill has 5 levels till later in the game.  Take note with just onepoint/turn you will have to learn the hard way that once you make a choice it can not be changed till later in the game.Because of the way this game levelup and does not use the game levels are based on your level some interesting things happen.  If you get into a situation where your character is higher that the NPC monsters then you may have abattle where the NPC gets his lickls and you get a small number of xp points or eve 0,  Which  leads to the practice of witholding stat points and even skill points till you come acxross NPC's who give you more xp points.  This may sound strange but in playing the gqame it does work.  I like it because it limits the practice of ""Power Leveling"" The way the game levels is something you should take at face value like many of the game  mechcanics work in the game if you just usr them and in time it will let you see what a marvolus game this is...It is hard but ther is always a way.Now the combat will really be frustrating at first.  You do not have nice turn based combat because it is real time.When you get into the second part of the game in the begining section you will encounter large groups of hostile NPC'sand will have to develop ways to deal with them.   Once an area or a group of units is dead they stay that way.There is the run in ....kill a couple..aned try to get out into a safe place. save and repeat.Different movement skills are used in the game to solve problems and quests.  Once again this is not the normal thing in many RPG's.   For example  there are many kinds of containers to open and a bright yellow light will occur if  something can be opened including  some empty containers.  Now depending on the angle of you mouse and how your character is this  yellow light may not always show up. Moving you character slowly in each direction will help.  Also a messahe will apear next to the hotkey area and tell you there is something to open or use or take.  One of the more difficult things you will have to learn is jumping.  Many quests have platforms to jump from one to the next and some platfors arte moving,  There is a learning curve if you are using a mouse and keyboard (controlers  are not enabled for the most partThere are many wepons, armor inchantments, charms, and pluses for stats that you will be able to use depending on you level.  There are some who do not like the armor methods used in the game because they can't  get matching sets.  I find no ewason to comment on this because the absurdity is plain to see. It is possible to taloy your character in many different way to reach a certain result.  If you find a situation that call for an archer, maage or whatever then you cause rifferent selections of eqyuipment, to get the job done.I think this is a great game with many vqarid and challanging  problems.   It never fails to have me shaking  my head.  The graphics are just right for the game theyare neither to strong or two week.   One thing that I have never seen in an RPG is the notebook tab.  Her yoyu wil;l find several very useful  features,   Thgere is one that has all of your conversionsso if you are a little confused about speaking to a NPC it is all there every blessed word.  There is one that has every combataction and the result and there is one that has all the NPC's that you have dispached.  The quests are handled in a list of completed quests and open quests you are workinmg on.  A nice feature is the quests that are open are in different colors so you can tell when one is compleated or  can't be compleated or is reasdy to complete.There are things I may not like but I do not mention them unless they seem out of place.  I write this review to tell the reader how the game works.  There are games I do not like because I can see that they could have done better but did not due to such thingss as cost of development, or are just game put on the market to make money.  I do not play games in development or bata  games bedcause I have better things to do.   I do not comment on other reviews because I believe they are voicing ther opinion which I see has no place in a review.   Expressing you opinion is not the way I think a review should be done.  I could be wrong and people might take this review as being to high and mighty, but it is just the way I see it."
76561198097173722,Recommended,219780,33108942,Posted: 1 July,all,ifoolb,"A nice classic open world RPG, and has fair amount of controls. I can jump, and even roll! Not just exchange hits. That's good. The graphics quality is good enough for me."
,Recommended,219780,33042069,Posted: 30 June,all,Ta1pan,Good Game.
,Recommended,219780,33198716,Posted: 3 July,all,-8Bits R 'Nuff-,It aged quite a bit but as good as I remember when I beat it years ago !
,Recommended,219780,32005087,Posted: 27 May,all,Satan's Little Cousin,"Decent RPG. Takes some time to get by, but when it does it's a good run. That's why you should try to struggle through the first few hours to get along with the game. I would give this game 7/10 and recommendation. Buy it from sale, it's worth max 5€.Pros:good rpg settingable to become dragon and use dragon powersdecent combathumorous contentCons:Boring beginningLitlle outdatepricey for 20€/$"
,Recommended,219780,22291491,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,ϟ♚ϟ Bloodstained ϟ♚ϟ,"Looks nice... , have good begining. Would play it."
76561197971640510,Recommended,219780,15977129,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Huggles `,"YES YES YES!!!Larian are probably the only company whose games I will willingly preorder, because everything they do has some kind of magic about it, and this extra-long extra-fun RPG is the best they've made before Divinity: Original Sin.It's a totally beautiful game for such an oldie, too. Everything is just beautiful. Good artistry.The dialogue is funny and interesting, the combat is really fun, with lots of dodges, tricks and spells..GET IT !!!10"
76561198060149792,Recommended,219780,33431065,Posted: 10 July,all,Kratos,Nostalgia trip.
,Recommended,219780,32800256,Posted: 25 June,all,BobMan,"4K Gaming on my laptop is marvelous.I am so pleased at how this looks and works, right out the gate.At sale price you must add this to your library if it isn't there already.Many. many hours of amazingly well done scripting.The Ancient RPG Maniac says YeAh!"
,Recommended,219780,955265,"Posted: 20 November, 2012",all,Chordian,"Wonderful exploration and puzzles, amusing quests, and exquisite music. Flying fortresses in dragon form are monotonous, though."
,Recommended,219780,405809,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Mcswine,Great game. A hidden gem.Good story. great variety. and DRAGONS :)
,Recommended,219780,3075254,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Iskandar,
76561197972729524,Recommended,219780,600718,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Perus_TC,Great Game!
76561198030994969,Recommended,219780,4030917,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Prime Oyster,"Awesome game, clever quests, fast paced.  Skyrim but without all the distances."
76561198018618965,Recommended,219780,7977188,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Pitt,Realy good game liked it alot
76561198068365515,Recommended,219780,8561809,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,DaGuardian,"A fun and challenging RPG for anyone to dive into Whether you're cutting down the undead, kicking bunnies because it's humorous or knocking wyverns from the sky, it is well worth the buy in the end"
76561198046086222,Recommended,219780,8874009,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Flavius Flave,"When stabbing isn't enough, just turn intoa dragon."
76561198020097187,Recommended,219780,8141477,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Young Metro,No Fall damage GG Combo 1 2 easy
76561198052391358,Recommended,219780,32786847,Posted: 25 June,all,Osi,"Great game, better than the more recent top-down Original Sin versions which are horribly verbose and tedious to play.Decent story, alright combat and animations for when it came out, and midway you get the ability to fly around as a dragon. The DLC (included in the Developer's Cut) picks up immediately after the main game ends. Definitely worth a play through."
76561198063573544,Recommended,219780,9734589,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,The Muffin Man,EPIC
,Not Recommended,219780,31961813,Posted: 25 May,all,Jäger,"I was really looking forward to playing this game. It looks amazing, it's a gem in my eyes and it's rich with story and pretty decent gameplay. However, there have been players (myself included) who have an infinite loading screen while going through doors and what have you, thus making the game damn near unplayable.That is the only problem I see with this game. I'd love to give it a thumbs up, but for reason this version keeps getting stuck on the loading screen even after trying the multiple suggestions on how to fix this issue."
,Recommended,219780,25412911,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ungluedmike,"Fantastic game, it has a great story can be tough at times but nonetheless enjoyable."
,Recommended,219780,297305,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,Losian Rooke,"I have tried again and again to play, and like, this game - but I really just can't. The skills and stats are kinda wonky at best, but first the good stuff: It is largely voiced, it looks decent, there's a pretty decent story. But the combat is just wonky as all hell. It's awkward and unpleasant, things have tons of health, your skills have long cooldowns, cost lots of mana and are largely not very powerful or worthwhile. You can't block, and moving is too lagged by attacking that you will be hit constantly unless you roll around from side to side endlessly, and even then it's unresponsive. I feel it coulda been good, but the combat's awkwardness makes it nearly unbearable."
76561198101213800,Recommended,219780,24962085,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,5pectacular,Awesome:)
,Recommended,219780,29332894,Posted: 18 January,all,Mere Image,WHAT
76561198061909703,Recommended,219780,8764698,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,toedling,Great game with epic fights and unique playstyle
,Recommended,219780,7926590,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,V($h1thead)R,I think the game would be excellent if it would mode Baltic Hotels
76561198141950631,Not Recommended,219780,28394789,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,D'amarr from Darshiva,"Good voice-acting. Female NPCs with pretty faces. Watch your player character in underwear, if you take off every piece of armor. The background music doesn't match the atmosphere always.I've enjoyed the initial exploration in a rather restricted area (aka ""Broken Valley"") that seemed interesting enough. And I've enjoyed the blind flight, because I was playing carefully and without following any guides or walkthroughs.Then I've struggled during the second half. Tedious, dull, repetitive drudgery to attempt a completionist playthrough in order to be able to reach high levels. And even then the experience points mechanics require a variety of special tricks to turn in quest XP at the right time and kill enemies in the right order for more XP. Nevertheless, eventually I almost felt over-powered due to the high level and access to tons of special equipment. The occasional balancing issues made a very few minor boss fights unexpectedly difficult, and I assure you, there are players, who ""rage quit"" the game in such a situation. You can always search for help or hints, but be prepared to find unhelpful comments from either braggarts, or from people, who only know the older release of this game.Haven't run into crashes or obvious bugs. Except in the heat of combat, sometimes either my mouse stopped accepting camera rotation input. Or music stopped playing. Quicksave and quickload fixed it directly during combat.And finally, I've run into a game-breaking bug that is known for years, unfortunately. It's been discussed before. I've mentioned it in the forum, too, before writing this review. An enemy four levels below me, who kills me either with the first magic attack I cannot avoid or with the next attack a second later. There are videos, where that doesn't happen. There are players, who play the game with half the health points and with many more wasted skill points. But there are reports that describe exactly the same problem that can cause real frustration.It seems, the players of this edition of the game are supposed to fire up the game in the separate developer mode and activate a cheat mode to work around that problem. Not sexy at all.Edit #1: A bit later, the same bug apparently also affected another important fight and made it almost impossible even with lots of cheat modes activated. Enemies moved too quickly and were much too resistant to damage to stop them as required during that fight where they approach from three directions and respawn, too. Again, when searching the web about it, I see the same reports by other players and also videos where the enemies move much slower and can be eliminated with ease. Here it seemed impossible even with godlike cheats, multiple summons and holding down the key to launch magical area attacks all the time. Whatever it is that messed up my game on ""Normal"" difficulty so late, it's the opposite of fun.Edit #2: In the end, I've decided not to turn off the cheat modes anymore for the final fight. The frustrating experience has been too much of a motivation killer, and I've also decided against continueing into the add-on due to this."
76561198050840909,Recommended,219780,25475360,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Taev,I became a dragon. Nothing could make life better than this!
,Recommended,219780,18217859,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,redleif,MAXOS
76561198019369018,Not Recommended,219780,16525337,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ThunderCake,"The game itself, is a fun and great game, inspired by classic RPGs with loads of possiblities.However, I have experienced a lot of problems with it, regadring crashing, specifically when attempting to launch the game. No matter what I do, it doesn't seem to work.So I can unfortunately, by no means, recommend this game for having such gamebreaking bugs."
76561198134223364,Not Recommended,219780,22669360,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Th4yl0g,I liked this game when it worked. There many lengthy processes for fixing it your self. But it's been in this state for to long. It may work the first time you play. Soon as you start a new game or try to play a second time forget it. Look into the forms and you see all the problums this game has. I would have to adivise you to just stay away from it at this point. If these issues are fixed then it's worth your time and money.
,Recommended,219780,29810578,Posted: 9 February,all,UraniumTech,Good game!
76561198123250799,Recommended,219780,28344616,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,SilicaGel,nc game
,Recommended,219780,7922309,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Daniel Goldberg,9/10 It's a game.
76561198038676788,Recommended,219780,8204053,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Blademaster,"A very underrated game, Divinity II captured my attention a few years ago when Dragon Knight's saga had been released. The combat is relatively simple, yet it feels very sweet, especially near the endgame when you're taking on literal hordes of enemies, cutting them all down with superior damage.While I found the experience very fun, I can't help but mention glaring problems I had with the game, for one, the skill system was clearly geared for only damage dealers, there was nothing that I felt, would've fit a support/tank build, (which is understandable, since this is a SP game), but it got worse as I went forward, realizing how stupidly powerful I was with Dual wielding vs. any other set (especially against Bows, Bows really fell short in the end game). More specifically, the life drain skill was incredibly powerful at later levels, to the point where my high damage, low defense character was clearing rooms and never having to pop a potion or use a heal.Another issue I had was that the game felt clearly rushed, as the environment and characters all felt very shallow, with little of anything that you could actually do, outside of reading everyone's mind or doing missions. With very little characterization of non main plot characters, (with exception to a few), I felt that completing side missions was really just an excuse to get more XP, and since monsters don't respawn (until the endgame) its really the only choice. Though that in itself is a good thing, I just wish the side-missions felt a little more fun and engaging.Despite all this, I would reccommend D2 to a friend, because the main storyline itself, is very engaging and quite good. I hope Larian (the developers) will make a D3 and get the backing of a larger publishing company so they can use the additional resources and time that they deserve for their works."
76561198080066669,Recommended,219780,6941838,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Chops,Good 30+ hours of classic RPG fun!
76561198051313044,Not Recommended,219780,21142938,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Dragonwaz,"Okay I played Divinity 2 Ego Draconis for the Xbox 360. It had so many game breaking bugs that there is no way it was tested, at all. I bought this game hoping the PC version would play better I mean you can patch a PC version alot more right? Apparently not. If my first few seconds in the PC version is any indicator to how less broken the game is (froze in place and crashed) I'm opting out and I would suggest you do too.Ignoring all the game breaking bugs I LOVED the idea of this game. However the execution outside of the bugs leaves a LOT to be desired. The dificulty curve is terrible early on. You'll be getting stomped on everywhere you go. The whole becoming a dragon thing won't happen till the halfway point of the game, and then it's rather underwhelming, and you start getting stomped on again at this point cause now you're a bigger target. that can't attack much more than before.Also the game felt very Stingy with Exp. I had to squeze out every quest I could find to level up later on and I can't remember if was because enemies don't respawn or cause they don't give exp.I don't know, if you REALLY want to buy this game be prepared for a LOT of bugs and looking for solutions to them online. Also SAVE very often and on a LOT of different slots because there are some bugs that can break your entire file and will keep happening unless you reload to a very specific point before that bug hits."
,Not Recommended,219780,22811649,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,NIGERUNDAYO,"Game has it's strong points, but I am reviewing this in the light of its combat. I only played the melee build and I personally think its terrible. Why? first off, well you can't really use the shield to block. You just use it only as a secondary weapon that adds armor which defeats the purpose of the thing. Second, it lacks any depth whatsover and just wants you to click click click to win. Sure dodging and jumping is there, but the usefulness of those mechanics only truly shine against ranged enemies. Also, if you have a low-end PC and expect to handle this game well because it's old, Don't. The game runs terribly with my laptop, and my laptop handled skyrim decently to say the least. Overall, if you want to play for the story, go do it. it's worth it. But me being a combat centered fella, I cannot recommend this. (You can turn into a dragon tho so thats cool)"
,Recommended,219780,12460329,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,GrincherZ,10/10 Would Jump Attack Again.
,Recommended,219780,8498468,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Deathtself,I am thoroly enjoing this game its kinda like dragon age exept you can turn into a dragon
,Recommended,219780,38744,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Pesticide,good fun rpg random loot game well worth 5 euro
,Recommended,219780,7605049,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Lord Morning Star,What a sexy RPG
76561198017056364,Not Recommended,219780,35330348,Posted: 30 September,all,CodeTiger,Game is broken for windows 10. Every 2nd time I go through a door (if I am lucky) it loads forever. It is such a pain. I would prefer a crash to desktop rather than having to kill the game and restart it. The game runs fine it just can't handle loading a new scene. Buyer beware!
,Not Recommended,219780,33556828,Posted: 15 July,all,Joe Ma's spaghetti,The progression is very slow. The open world is bland and the combat seems clunky and just not satisfying.
76561198103376167,Not Recommended,219780,20191346,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zed895,"It could have been a good game, but:-sometimes it is too horrid.-annoying magic item system: 'magic' and 'charms' are unnecessary duplications of the same. It is OK if you have to calculate which item is the better to wear but after a while it becomes annoying if there is no reason of complication. It just wants to seem detailed but it is not.-schematic NPCs-ugly graphics of the flying fortresses-no dragon form option in the expansion except the last battlePro:-sometimes there are funny conversations but not too often.-when you can turn to dragon that it is good (but why can not you destroy normal mobs in dragon form?)Overall you can buy better RPGs for the price of this."
76561197967166476,Not Recommended,219780,23793347,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,zz,"After spending about 30 hrs in the game, i've give up playing it anymore. Thr majority of the reason is that i couldn't remember ANY memorable moments in the game. There was so many potential in this game, but the director eventually failed it all.When I was going to become a Dragon Slayer, I felt not excitment.When I was infected(smile::) by a dragon, and forced to become a Dragon Knight, the biggest turning point in the game!! I felt nothing.When I firstly transform myself into a dragon! What did i feel?...nothing!!The plot, the ingame cutscene doesn't deliver any immerse FEELING at all.Then the next worst thing is the combat. Game designers should have made the combat an enjoyable experience, because you'd spend almost 95% of gaming time in combat. But in reality, the combat is so lame and tiresome. I just keep luring enemies back and finish them off one by one, no strategy required.I'll give this game 7.5/10, the game is playable but not enjoyable."
76561198046675266,Recommended,219780,12268415,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"After being greatly disappointed in EVERY Divinity game there was, I wasn't expecting much of this.But it turned out being the best one of the whole series!Finally no overhead view or dialogue only game, this was the real RPG I was looking for.Third person RPG as a dragon slayer with the feeling of Guild Wars and Skyrim.Both this game and the expansion Flames of Vengeance (included in the Directors Cut) were spectacular!9/10"
76561198128926614,Not Recommended,219780,24467390,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,wakes,"crashing at start, Hope to see the developers fix this untill then.giving this a no."
,Not Recommended,219780,27703779,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,thedougler,very clunky and if you don't like MMO style Combat you won't like this game.Dev mode gives you lots of options to play with but breaks the game more often then not
76561198014792611,Recommended,219780,26252200,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,FB2G,One of Larian Studio worst game. Yet one excelent action RPG. Everygame they made avout Rivelon are amazing. Just buy it allready ;)
,Recommended,219780,24683470,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,BIG NOSE JONES,two words: disgusting voice audio quality
76561197988011502,Not Recommended,219780,16496109,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Caÿazaya,"This is a pretty shallow game, not sure why it's getting such great reviews but Original Sin is vastly superior from what I played at a friend's.I selected to play as a Mage (after the game failed to really explain what I was supposed to do). So far I feel like it's a lot of pretty bland combat, dull quests and shabby voice acting. There's little world-building and you can barely interact with any of it save for some plants and the animals/monsters you kill.There's not much in the way of dialogue and not a lot to keep you interested in this generic high fantasy world with limited skills and almost zero explanation of how your skill tree/spells work. That's all without mentioning the complete lack of character customisation. I don't feel I'm really playing any role except for errand boy here.If you want some mindless grindy action and running back and forth there's this and that Reckoning game that people also liked, but if you want something a bit richer then try Divinity: Original Sin, which was rad."
,Not Recommended,219780,13836605,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,NullaPax,"Very badly balanced.You can take on two or three level 7's and win easy - then go one on one with a level 8 and not have a chance.Hit point re-gen is agonisingly slow and food/potions are rare enough to make you want to hang on to them for the tough fights.I'm enjoying the quests ( good voice acting ) and the overall feel, look and flow of the game is enough to keep me going for a bit longer yet ( played 8 hours so far ) but I very much doubt I will bother to finish it."
76561198022903052,Not Recommended,219780,16178895,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Chuck Farvre,"If you do buy this game1.read every spoiler you can otherwise you will be running around for hours trying to figure out wtf to do. One of the devs on this game HATES the player.2. stop playing after you take battle tower because the game is a mess after that. The map becomes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with no go zones for no good reason and turning into a dragon is mostly a drag. And you wont know what is going on anyway and the lore is sub par so...for the record - I love divine divinity and I enjoyed DOS for 50 hours worth (all larian games). Also I love and have played most of the great rpgs and this isn't one of them.If you follow 1 and 2 then you will get 20-25 good hours out of the game. It has 20 very fun hours in it.  Again, read all the spoilers because the hard part of the game is the bad game design not the puzzles. Dark souls this game is not. You will get no sense of accomplishment by grinding through the various FUs that the devs have given you."
,Not Recommended,219780,15794933,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,wdavid376,"What a s**t game. So much potential.. but it sucks. dual zeons, 16gb ram and a nvidia 4 gig card and it runs like crap.. jumping to platforms is near impossible with a keyboard and mouse becuase of the lag.. also, no controller support so I give it an extra turd rating... even with pinical any jumping after you become a dragon knight and start platforming just brakes the game and gets you stuck.. three hours at f$$$$ing maxos temple trying to platform.. f this game..."
,Not Recommended,219780,17052169,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Shaders,"This game is sadly disappointing I started it up thinking it would be pretty impressing for how it looked but I knew it probably wouldnt be good.The customization is 3 options: Gender,Hair Options which is disappointing because it only has a few option and the last option is Voice which was disappointing because you can only choose between 3 voices that somewhat sound the same. The story is really something you would see in a better game and the combat is really disappointing. That is why I give this game a no.If you want a better game for the same price I recommend: Dishonored."
,Not Recommended,219780,22234155,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,THE LEGENDARY FARTMASTER,Fear my roth!
76561198047012587,Not Recommended,219780,18462859,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,drakken75,"Game doesnt run for alot of people, if you dont have the time to try a few differient things to ""try"" and get this game to work dont buy it.  As is, it wont run on win7!"
,Not Recommended,219780,15326724,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Lao-Ax,It is cool game. But it left a sense of incompletion. The next part doesn't remove this sense.
76561198055717673,Not Recommended,219780,28618240,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,zeldafitz,"Game doesn't have native controller support, requires a 3rd party program such as Xpadder to function.Game's camera feels choppy/is stuttering, Some kind of FPS problem? Still searching for a fix. Might have to refund if this can't be resolved.Edit: Running the game in Compatability Mode for Windows XP Service Pack 3 and as an Administrator along with changing some in game settings dramatically improved my camera issues. Still a little choppy but it is playable."
76561198068726995,Not Recommended,219780,16981204,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,You Knew Gnu?,"I tried to like this game i really did but i just could not being myself to find anything i actually could like about this particular title except the voice acting. There are a great many reasons why i think this game falls short but one of the biggest is the set system.Now to begin the list in no real order.1) The textures are horribly done, they other do not fit in the environment they are in properly or just plain look terrible.2) The one that annoyed me most durring gameplay: the reflective surfaces being too high on metal armors (meaning armor shines too much when exposed to light such as the sun).3) The storyline starts out good but turns so generic it bored me.4) The skill tree is horribly unbalanced, which includes the 4 classes being unbalanced. being a melee class is pretty much useless, same with being a summoner. So your best bet is to major in being a mage or ranger as a main class and take knight as a subclass.5) The horribly written books in the game gives no encouragement for collectors like myself especially considering how late your personal storage is introduced, which means if you do want to collect the books you need to waste valuable skill points on weight capacity, however honestly whats the point? Most of the normal books are terribly boring to read.6) With the combination of xp level range system, monsters almost never dropping anything, absolutely no monster regen, and that includes boars. There is almost no incentive to visit previously missed areas unless you find out there is a set piece there.In closing i would like to say for the most part this game is mostly Gothic and Drakengaurd put together but a bad attempt at both, of course there are elements of other games as well. There are elements of Diablo as you have no doubt noticed. The dragon combat was one of the worst dragon combat systems i have ever seen honestly... it was slow and highly restricted on where you could go."
76561198317543701,Not Recommended,219780,30246569,Posted: 28 February,all,fearlessrabbitwarrior,"I'm on Windows 10 and this game refuses to start. It will go the launch page and then when I click the play button, it closes. I searched online to see if mine was a unique case and surprise surprise, it's not. I saw tons of people that said the game wouldn't start and they had some fixes up. I tried them and they didn't work, the fixes were for up to Windows 8.1 so I guess this game is just unsupported now. Avoid this game like the plague and don't buy it. I don't care if it's on sale or what."
76561198005809738,Not Recommended,219780,13832472,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Zarl,"tl;dr  If you can get it for a few quid in a sale maybe worth it, if not, don't bother.Starts out well as a semi open-world combat orientated third person RPG, however quickly runs into problems outside the starting area. The combat quickly becomes a repetitve grind (think WoW but single player) interspaced with frustrating boss fights. Ranged builds will suffer from many fights taking place in mines or corridors with locked doors and no room to maneourve, while melee builds will get demolished by spell and arrow spamming packs of mobs. The vaunted dragon-form combat is a glorified fast travel system since while in dragon form you can't attack ""ground level"" enemies; forcing you to try and slug it out in human regardless of the situation. Likewise although the game has a relatively large number of skills most of them are either useless or don't work in important fights."
,Not Recommended,219780,32888700,Posted: 27 June,all,Hourglass,"Played it for less than an hour so far, its a fun game, reminds me of skyrim (yes get offended). The skills are pretty cool and the stuff that NPCs tell you are hilarious.... However.... If you crash less than 10 times in 20 minutes, consider yourself a lucky man.  Apart from that, everytime I try to exit some building I crash, everytime I try to quicksave I crash, and everytime im near battle...guess what? I crash again. Still gonna play it tho."
76561197985970667,Not Recommended,219780,16911554,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,DarkJ-Freak,its the third time the fix the game and it still broken ...
,Not Recommended,219780,16948354,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,NovaCrusade,"It's kinda sad really.This game has good assets and (by what I could bear to play) good voice overs and motion capture...But the combat. My God the combat. It just sucks so bad. As of what I played it just feels bare. No hit stuns or such. Sure you have skills, but there's no reaction by the enemies when you hit them.If only this game had a combat overhaul mod, it'd probably be worth playing.As of now, I can't recommend it. I give this game my combat rating of less than Rise of Incarnates out of 10."
76561198044592244,Not Recommended,219780,23340266,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,awmathews,No cure for poison. Game over.
76561198036606959,Not Recommended,219780,21197583,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Gutheria,its broken and wont run
,Not Recommended,219780,32007227,Posted: 27 May,all,elliscor,"broken exe file, doesnt launch, my game time was before it broke, i do not beleive there is a fix. if you can find anotherplace that sells this and you know that version works buy it, like a physical version for a console for example."
76561198048472071,Not Recommended,219780,19468140,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,WHY ME,proscant think of anyconswhat the **** do I do? No guideance at all.movement and jumping are horriblecombat is boring
76561198019255710,Not Recommended,219780,25313455,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,magic.griffon,"This game was good and bad the graphics are great. the story is interesting but the fights are few and far between and not remotely a challenge. by the time you get your armor set and enchant it the way you want it there isn't anything left to kill. the developers cut doesn't let you create your own levels or games it only lets you cheat and add the much needed monsters that are absent from the original. if you play ego draconis by the time you get to the second chapter of the game you are already a god and there isn't a challenge left. I say this is a good start of a game that really needed more dungeons with more monsters and larger maps to be any sort of challenge. this title really needs more than 2 chapters to make the game worth playing for the ammount of fighting you do.TL:DR great graphics, features, and concept. very little actually game play and fighting. 5/10"
76561198061630960,Not Recommended,219780,32735027,Posted: 24 June,all,attilalendvai,"I wanted to recommend this game for a number of reasons, but listing all the cool aspects of the game seems pointless because of the game-breaking time-wasting loading-screen bug (freezes on saves/reloads/switching areas). Time is better spent playing games than on workarounds, trial-and-error, complex bug fixes (which may end up breaking something else), etc. I only paid a few bucks for this on a Steam Sale and have plenty more RPG's just waiting to be played so no big loss. UNINSTALLED."
76561198250240500,Not Recommended,219780,23210385,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,kanaan,There was an endless loading bug that I couldn't get rid of after an hour.
,Not Recommended,219780,30310497,Posted: 4 March,all,Pedro the Brave,"Played quite a bit through it.At the time, years ago, when it came out I was incredibly hyped for this. Who doesn't want a good RPG? We still don't have many.However I was only able to get it like I dunno months ago whenever I played it. The world is good and creative. Also taking good spins on the typical things you see in other medieval/knights worlds.People bash the game for it's graphics, which to today's standards are incredibly poor, but at the time they weren't that bad. They were okay at best.The game has good promise, but it's such a shame the company was so small and lacked so many resources at the time. I'd like a reboot of this to be honest. It lacks a lot of polish. For example I mean you can only choose between brown or blonde hair at the character creation screen. I'm not serious. They cut a lot of corners just to bring out a fresh and original world and game concepts. Such as being a dragon etc.It lacks a lot but it's got such good heart. It's hard to recommend unless you are a diehard fan of RPGs, because then you judge purely on the story, characters and world etc."
76561197979928405,Not Recommended,219780,29132056,Posted: 8 January,all,JINAK,"Unless you are getting this game dirt cheap i can NOT honestly recommend it. There is a bug that comes up while playing the game that makes it challenging to play. Every time you enter an area, be it a dungeon or new area the game crashes. The developers are aware of this and offer a plethora of fix it ideas which might or might not work for you depending on how old your computer is and what O.S. its running. Instead of fixing the issue they offer this slew of fixes. Its sad to because the game has so much potential and is fun to play as long as you save every few minutes or else you'll be staring at their version of the blue screen of death at the most worst possible time."
76561198135573611,Not Recommended,219780,17824094,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,I Bet Steak O.o,this game doesn't let me do windows view :(
76561198023805620,Not Recommended,219780,24168477,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Uragan,Crashes on boot after the intro video with no error.Was not able to resolve this issue.Waste of money.(all other steam and non-steam games start and run fine. windows10)
76561197962397576,Recommended,219780,12452521,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Tony Yorkshire,"You can ""kick chickens and fight a giant rabbit"" enough said!!"
76561198016000744,Not Recommended,219780,11801701,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Calamityfox,"Do not buy.Cons:  (SPOLIERS)Other then the Dragon form nothing innovativeNot A complate story, in a larger world.  Thanks for making a really cool bad guy and never getting to fight him.  We'll take a almost nameless baddy as the final boss.  What to see more of the story, dont worry theu included it but it's not as good and you still dont fight the big baddie.Small world, it gives you 2 main areas and a few small ones to explore and gets rid of the 1st area (well almost) when you get to the 2nd one.  It just does not feel all that epic.Forgettable NPCsLittle you do matters in the world.  Do a bunch of side quests for the townfolk, then watch the town and 1/2 the world get destroyed in a story event.  You are given several choices to help or kill NCPs, does it matter which you chose, no!I didnt play Divinity 1 so maybe im missing something, but this is just not a good game if you like a good story.  Really I think I could remember the name off only one NPC after I got done playing."
,Not Recommended,219780,17096964,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Xenolox,The game doesn't launch no matter what i do
,Not Recommended,219780,30976015,Posted: 6 April,all,Nyarlathotep,"Tried to play this on a fast PC (980Ti, i7-6700K)Character animations are butter smooth, camera has nauseating choppy movement.Apparently this an issue with the game's engine. Having a 144Hz screen might be part of the issue. I have searched the forums and found potential fixes, but none worked.See these forum threads:-Camera/movement is very choppy and hurts my eyes-Game stutters like mad-Choppy game - possible fix-For people with stuttering graphics"
,Not Recommended,219780,23852178,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ebonweaver,"Another game with a lot of potential that falls flat on its face right out of the gate.  I can only assume that based on the reviews it is possible to enjoy the game if you get past the horrible issues up front.  The main problem is, you choose one of three ""classes"" by way of testing them out in an open area on some goblins.  Ok cool, I decided ranger is good, I like plinking with a bow, the mage has jack for spells and instead just clubs things up close.  Then after the into movie, a whole lot of chatting with folks, pick up a few side quests that seem awkwardly thrown in, and get sent into a crypt as the first main storyline quest.  And get jumped by 3 skeletons of higher level than I am and are no match for a bow.  Seems you can ONLY choose warrior to start the game, nothing else, and then use the other classes later.  Sorry, but blowing an hour to find out I have to start all over says I have no time for what is likely to be a seriously flawed game.  Toss in how awkward a lot of it feels, and then the voice acting... I mean half of it is really good, the other half is worse than a sci-fi original movie, it's painful to listen to."
,Not Recommended,219780,13744467,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,KamikaziFly,"This game disapointed me. It probably wouldn't have disapointed me if it didn't talk/brag so much about dragons, then provide so few dragons that I gave up.I played 205 hours of Divinity II: ED with steam's Divinity II: DKS, which is what Developer's Cut really is. Even after reading what DII:DC is, its still confusing why its a separate game than the other I have. All that for just a dev menu?"
76561198000083738,Not Recommended,219780,30510959,Posted: 14 March,all,ice cream depression,"Wow this is going to be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to review. If i just played The first half of the game i would have given this game a thumbs up, but after flames of vengence the problems are just way too big to ignore. For the review i am going to list off all of the good stuff and the bad stuff, then really get into the horrors that await to be explained.Pro's-humorous characters-decent music- about a hundered side quests-dragon mode (Really fun but needs more work-armor and weapon sets that boost stats-refrences to divine divinity and beyond divinity- Mindreading is innovative- necromancy is available for all classes and becomes a mechanic in the game-puzzles and jumping puzzles- some enemy designs are really bizarre and crazy-refrences to other mediaCons-combat is♥♥♥♥♥-the story sucks so bad, that the sidequests stand out even more-Character creation sucks- starts out really slow and generic like any other rpg-crafting sucks- leveling up sucks (no in depth skill tree that can branch off other skills)- no lockpicking game like in the elder-scrolls-no memorable characters- YOU CANT BEAT THE FINAL BOSS WITHOUT CHEATS BECAUSE YOU GET INSTANTLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥IN 2 SECONDS BY A STUN. AND A OVERKILL AMOUNT OF DAMAGE OFF OF 1 HIT, NOT TO MENTION THAT THIS HAPPENS TWICE.Time to go in depth about the problems. the game is split into two parts, eco draconis, and flames of vengence. They were sold as two seperate games in 2009-2010. But later on in 2012 they created the developers edition: both games packaged as one, with the addition of cheats, and console commands. Both games final boss stages are impossible to beat with any build, or any skill because you holster your weapon every time you go into diologue, the final boss's first attack is also a stagger or a polymorph (which makes you stand still for 1 second) then they hit you with an instakill.both final boss stages of ego draconis, and flames of vengeance are impossible to beat without god mode. That right there is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I would be fine if it was just a sidequest, but imagine if skyrim's main story or any dragon age game's story was impossible to beat without cheats.To be honest i would give this a neutral thumb if steam let me give it, but my final hours of both 2 games were spent trying to finish it as soon as possible, so that i could stop playing that horrible main story. If i could beat the final boss's without cheats the game would have recieved the thumbs up. As it stand now, It is a poor mans KOA ReckoningGo buy kingdoms of amalor reckoning if you want a third person rpg, or spend your money on larian studio's better games in the divinity franchise such as: divine divinity, divinity original sin 1 and 2."
76561197978567503,Not Recommended,219780,14457136,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Janine Bagborn,"This game kept my attention for a bit but the poor map system and lack of depth in enemies, heroes and spells made this title sub par. Nothing special."
,Not Recommended,219780,14156474,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Tiny Balled Timbit,Do not buy this game they are literally stealing you money... i played Divinity II: Eco Draconis for about 200+ hours on the 360 so i was happy to get this game for the low price however when i first downloaded it the executable file wasnt there so i couldnt even get to the launch screen so i deleted it and re-downloaded it and after that i was able to open the launcher but then it consstnelty crashed during the loading screen following the Larian logo.. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME you will waste your money on a game you can even play the Normal nor the Developer game parts of the launcher work and after looking around there arent many solutions unless you are a whiz at computers and/or know computer programming as some solutions required such skills... leave this game to the 360 Larian clearly didnt care enough to put the work into making it playable before giving it to steam to sell
76561197993321034,Not Recommended,219780,13247570,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Thesis,"This game has difficulty spikes that were supposed to have been fixed in the Dragon Knight Saga patch. It is unbearably painful to play in these difficulty spike areas, given how generic the combat is no matter how dumb the AI acts. This game starts off painfully to the point that I wouldn't recommend it, no matter what happens later on in the game, simply because it is too frustrating to get past the initial hurdle. If you want to play this game, know full well that it is easy to break a character build that will be unable to progress past future enemies, a flaw that they attempted to fix by cutting down enemy health and damage. Larian studios, although making improvements to their combat in their newer titles, completely failed here and left a mediocre combat system in this game. If you want to make a game functional, don't start off a player's stats at 1, this is not an mmo, though they certainly designed it to feel like one for the basic human character. At these stat levels, it was bound to happen that they would encounter problems balancing enemy levels and stats early on. On a plus, you at least have cool combat animations.The jumping mechanic is glitchy at best, don't blame yourself if you jump in a stream and cannot get out easily. The ending is garbage and cliche, you spend the entire game listening to cutscenes of the villain making grandiose speeches in front of you. The expansion also has a mediocre ending, although it at least makes you happier than the base game with its conclusion. The engine is on par with TES Morrowind, but many times less enjoyable or memorable. The dragon mechanic is a cheap gimmick halfway through the game, with completely uninspired flight mechanics and nominal mmo interfacing. I can guarantee that half of the positive reviews are waxing nostalgia for the franchise, which is deserved given how much better its previous titles merit. Absolutely the worst of the franchise, skip it if you don't want to be screwed over by the story and forced through repetitive and pointless gameplay. The only upside is that the side quests are at least original and interesting in the choices you can make, never painting a black and white picture.I honestly do not know how people tolerate this game to play it through. The core game is entirely flawed, such that there is a limited pool of XP, nothing respawns, you literally have to beat every side quest to have the XP to make a good character build. There is nothing enjoyable about the combat, it even takes away from the enjoyment of playing the game. It is a torture to try and beat the game when you are instantly dying because you didn't pick the boilerplate max stat character build. This game had so much potential, the combat engine ruined it entirely for me. I'm glad I got this on sale for less than three dollars, it is not worth anything more. I don't hate games often, but this has caused me serious grief and I regret every minute I spent playing it.Before the Dragon Knight Saga, this game got between a 6 and a 7 on many review sites. Even with the Dragon Knight Saga, it still deserves the mediocre score, and nothing can redeem this game besides a complete re-make."
,Not Recommended,219780,12739905,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,TheGreenPulsar,"The first half of the game is very enjoyable.  Then you move on to having to kill a bunch of bosses in their lair, surrounded by a crapton of guys, none of whom are particularly difficult.  It can take several hours to reach one of these bosses in their ""flying fortresses"", and what do you get after beating one?  Almost nothing.Right up to the Battle Tower, the game plays great.  Afterwards, it's just not worth continuing on."
76561198154003046,Not Recommended,219780,12502376,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,wipefest187,"maybe if the game would load past the start up i could review it well. the comunity has many people with the same problem. i meet all system requirements. upon start the main menu will load where you can choose normal mode or directors cut. also treasure vault videos ect. when i click to start either normal or directors cut the screen goes black like it wants to load then force closes. shows no error msgs or anything. would really love to play the game since i enjoyed the others. wish you would patch n fix. i use windows 7 home  :,("
76561198093871698,Not Recommended,219780,17702560,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Grumknuckles O'Doom,No where near as good as Skyrim or Two World Two.  Most of time spent practicing jumping over lava.  Got more and more annoying as the game went along.
76561198032683797,Not Recommended,219780,11067991,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Iluvatar,"Do not get this game if you are expecting to be able to turn into a dragon and rain fireballs down on your enemies. Once you turn into a dragon, all the land-based enemies literally disappear. The dragon form is really *only* for moving to out-of-reach locations. While flying you have to destory towers, ballistas, nests, and flying enemies, which I found lacking. It was an awesome idea, but it did not deliver.The story is pretty good, the gameplay is decent (I found the jump a little annoying to control at times since you jump so high), and levelling up is fun. It has a stat-based system.I found the skill tree lacking. I only played as a mage, which was fun; however, there is only one spammable spell - magic missile. Other attack spells have cool-downs, which is alright, but some more variety would have been nice. One good thing about the skills are that you can mix and match to make your character however you want and you can respec at a relatively low cost about half-way through the game.I'm probably not going to play the expansion. I've read that it is pretty good, but I think I'm ready to finish the last area and uninstall."
76561197995353485,Not Recommended,219780,8006735,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,jakeratboy81,"Really wanted to follow this. The writing took risks and the characters had depth. But the mage class leads to a lot of standing around, waiting for your mana to refill. An unbalanced combat system, in a game that is 90% combat. Pass."
,Not Recommended,219780,12517035,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,flashwitt,"Divinity II: Director's Cut. Right out of the gate, I was pretty unimpressed. The cut scenes were glorious, but then, cut scenes often are, and this, unlike DragoneAge 2, doesn't really live in the cut scenes. I had been excited about character creation though, so ... moving on to that. Pick a gender. Pick one of 4 heads. One of four hair colors. One of four voices. You're done. Really? They might as well have just handed me a pregen. VERY disappointing. Well, maybe the mechanics will be amazing. Moving on to the obligatory turt-orial. Annnd- the game locked up just as I was attempting to stroll through the gates into TutorialTown (Farglow.) Looked for info online, found very little bug-fix/tech help available at all, but finally tracked down the advice to crank my gfx to min, which worked, but the reason I bought it was because it promised to be glorious and graphical so... as soon as I got past the hiccup, I cranked them up again, and it seemed to be fine after that. Well. Fine- ISH, anyway. Again- I bought it to take pretty pictures. It has no way to turn off the UI hud, and a locked cam. So screenshots are an immediate disappoint. Ah well. And still, I rest my hopes on the game mechanics, so again, moving on. Tutorial town- They hand me glowing eyes, tell me I can read minds now, (but it costs xp to do so,) offer me merchants with a lot of gear I can't come close to affording, and tell me I can pick one of 3 classes. If I';m a ranger, I can use a bow, a warrior can use a sword and leap around impressively, and a mage can throw colorful sparks. Uhm... This is feeling more and more like a glorified platformer by the minute. Ran around, talked to some folks, discovered that the dialog is at least moderately adult- they toss in colorful epithets like &quot♥♥♥♥♥quot; and ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"" so it's for grown-ups I guess. And the soundtrack is just... BIZARRE. Again, reminiscent of 8-bit techno. It was... different, I'll give it that! Fought some goblins. Died. Didn't feel inspired to waste more of my day on it. 4 out of ten, if you want thumbs or stars or something. Not hugely impressed with Dinvinity II. Glad I only paid 6 bucks for it."
,Not Recommended,219780,7858810,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,"Eh, lax","Despite its massive world and wonderful storyline, the game is kinda buggy.It lags even though my PC is good enough to play it on High settings.It lags even more when I set the graphic settings to Low.The fights are boring as it only involves several clicks and some hotkeys for spells, potions, etc.The loot of the game is lame. It is not as good as say Diablo 2 or even Borderlands series.The only plus side I can think of for this game is the ability to*SPOILERS*transform into a dragon and that is also a lil bit buggy. :(NOT RECOMMENDED. Unless you're a hardcore fantasy rpg fan. Then, its worth your time."
,Not Recommended,219780,581088,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Andrack,"Its not bad, but it doesn't really do anything that The Elder Scrolls or The Witcher games don't do just as well or better. Nothing really stands out about this game. The combat is something you'd expect from an MMO, you click on the bad guys and use abilities which have cooldowns. I'm not sure how bored you would have to be to pick this game over any of the other hundred ARPGs. At least the music was kind of neat."
,Not Recommended,219780,16314658,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Gnikrutuf,"Crappy controls, mediocre graphics, lame dialogues, no idea what i'm doing, why did I buy this."
76561198271501991,Not Recommended,219780,23357753,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,夏末余韵,"I cannot enter the game,tell me why!It's my second time to download the game,but the result is still I cannot play it.I am sure I have support framwork and once I click to play in the start menu,there is nothing happen and the game shut down automaticlly!"
76561198095981665,Not Recommended,219780,8872425,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,CUNT,"It is a pity that the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥because the gameplay is pretty fun,but even on high end pc's the game is stuttering all the time,if they would do something about it it would be worth the 20 bucks but now it is worth nothing don't buy it...."
76561198003433135,Not Recommended,219780,10248245,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Automator,The only thing worse than walking back and forth over identical terrain is having the last hour of saves disappear. It's a 2 hour game stretched out to 30 with copy/paste.
,Not Recommended,219780,7752618,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Xiaggyro,"This game is like UltimaNo,Not Ultima 4 but Ultima 9"
76561198051565629,Not Recommended,219780,25627832,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Grand Cenobite,"This game is just bad. I wanted to wait until I had more hours into the game, or had completed it, but I find it so unenjoyable that I don't think that I can. Other reviewers have compared it to Risen, and they're not really incorrect. From the screenshots, I originally decided not to buy this game, but eventually the positive reviews and cover art convinced me. One of the best words I can use to describe this game is clumsy.To list some of it's problems; It has grossly exaggerated animations, the audio is really imbalanced, for example, the player character's voice is very loud, and certain effects such as fireball sounds are very loud, yet npc dialogue is very quiet, and the music alternates in different tracks between too loud and too quiet, combat is really awkward, it reminds me of mmos, yet not as balanced, it acutally has platforming sections despite the controls and especially the player's ridiculous jump being, again, clumsy, it constantly jumps to cutscenes, for which it sheaths the player's weapons and then jumps immediatly to combat, forcing you to draw your weapons again while being attacked, when it didn't make any sense to sheath them in the first place, the enemy AI is braindead, the story and characters feel generic and predictable, moments of significance are handled carelessly with little to no regard for attempting to impress the player or make transitions feel significant, and I feel like it demands too much attention from the player when the game isn't enjoyable or rewarding in the first place.Some positives are that the game is visually pleasant, and most of the voice acting is well done.But ultimately I don't understand why this game has so many positive reviews, I just can't recommend that anyone buy it, there are so many other more worthy games to spend your time and money on."
76561197979928737,Recommended,219780,17984366,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,The Home Toilet Advantage,Skyrim without the autism.
76561197970533201,Not Recommended,219780,26137957,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,mythmaker,Can't get it to run fullscreen so it looks like crap in a tiny little box in the center of my screen. Can't even read the text to know what's  what. And... so it's a developer's cut... um... so what am I supposed to do to enable the developer's console and play around with it? There's no tutorial or instructions (that I can read at least).
76561197999745976,Not Recommended,219780,12460722,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,The_MR.BUMP,"Watched the video, was very touched and heart felt from all the hard work they had to put into this game. And then I realese that console mode is complelty broken. Force Crashes game A LOT cant morphe into any other character. Very Annoyed. Damn Belgiums can't make a game after all."
,Not Recommended,219780,32519951,Posted: 17 June,all,yourmajesty18,"UNSTABLE on modern machines.  May be a great game, but don't waste your money if you're running Windows 10.I bought the Anthology.Divine Divinity: Runs but doesn't honor selected resolution.  Strange rainbow colors in graphics.  Unable to resolve.Beyond Divinity: Wouldn't even start.  No matter the graphics options I selected, the game wouldn't even take me to the loading screen.  No error or anything, just like I never tried to launch it.Divinity II: Crashed on the title screen after reviewing the options.  Relaunched and it seemed to be running for about an hour.  I enter a pig farmer's house in the first town beyond the training area and it never finishes loading.  Had to force kill the game.  I'm used to saving frequently when entering or in dangerous areas, but I didn't see the pig farmer as causing me any trouble, so all progress lost.I think I'm giving up to play more modern games.  However, I'm removing the newer Divinity games from my Wishlist because I no longer trust the developers to create a stable game."
76561198010053047,Not Recommended,219780,8320926,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Judiciary,Meh.
,Not Recommended,219780,12800037,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,[DWIG]Yamiji,"If you are looking for anything like Divine Divinity, you can turn around now. Action games fans might find something for them here though."
76561197971763391,Not Recommended,219780,35054958,Posted: 18 September,all,Balls Deep,"Dont bother, the game is broken. After 6hrs it the game tries to load and gets stuck. I thought I would just let it keep loading  and after an hour it still loading the level. Go in a dungeon then leave, loading that doesnt stop. Its broken. Unplayable. Waste of Money. Not even worth the $6. Stay away. Maybe its Windows 10 related."
,Recommended,219780,32212076,Posted: 5 June,all,sonyguy,i dont understand how i am ble to ;fgldk cowslljgldkjgdsfjkgfjd;skljgrek dmflktheTHE MAGIC MAASON THE MAGIc the powers are coming you must run the elife of the succbus is coming suck the balls of souls of ar elord and savour jeuses he will prived his;'kasdk';lask;l 0.1 hours played of postive vibes of HAIL SATAN
76561198148471003,Not Recommended,219780,30769935,Posted: 27 March,all,hecfran,"the game had a bug, I coudn't continue after 10 hours of playing"
,Not Recommended,219780,14029577,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Jean-Baptiste Grenouille,"This game stutters, no matter how much fps you get, it's just coded with the♥♥♥♥♥0/10, buy only if you want an headache...this could be good for girls not wanting sex...a boyfriend aware of this """"""""game"""""""" will surely understand you."
,Not Recommended,219780,33819548,Posted: 26 July,all,Abraxxas,Having to do an escort mission is a horrible ending for a great game
76561198063303944,Not Recommended,219780,12329434,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,jay3onw,...
,Not Recommended,219780,13099027,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,[1511] Firefly,If you are going to offer a game for sale it ought to run on modern hardware without requiring downgrading Physx etc.  I give this game a zero.
,Not Recommended,219780,32694544,Posted: 23 June,all,A Meme Reborn,"Seems fun at first, but gets boring faster than poking a corpse with a stick. I'll give this one a Stand By Me/10"
76561198002146979,Not Recommended,219780,31849433,Posted: 19 May,all,panzersnapdragon,"Game hangs at the entrance to Farglow in the tutorial, I get the loading icon and it can't move, and have to exit. Bought this game a long time ago and completely forgot about it, I guess this is probably why. I'm assuming since it's still in my library it was before steam refunds."
,Recommended,219780,3480009,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Blue Wolf,great game!
,Recommended,219780,6956263,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,313,"Хорошая игра, не считая множество багов с водой х) Интерес не пропадает сразу, по крайней мере у меня, чего только стоит дослужиться до превращения в дракона и летааать ^__^"
,Recommended,219780,292208,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Foor44,"Great RPG with alot of humour, great storylines and interesting characters. The expansion ""Flames of Vengeance"" also adds a lot more to the original game."
,Recommended,219780,1354611,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,FalloutPrime,"This game could be fun if you can remember to save before every fight, But the fact that you must save obsessively or risk losing hours and hours of playtime if you die makes me want to kill people. That's just me though, I REALLY despise it when I am forced to redo a ton of stuff because I ADDed out and forgot to save."
76561197997611788,Recommended,219780,20231239,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Strengo,"The game's old by now and visually too, however the dialogue and story make it an above avreage game."
76561198048123670,Recommended,219780,20170591,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Assan,"One of my favorite games ever, i have bought it on 3 seperate occasions, first when it came out, then for xbox 360, and again when steakm got it's hands on it. Definitly recomend."
76561198005632071,Recommended,219780,22488843,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Blaster,a good but not great game.
,Recommended,219780,22452680,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,xsf403,MOST UNDERRATED RPG.
76561198009025108,Recommended,219780,21750628,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Gozu,
,Recommended,219780,6424185,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,ZAPAmaster,I played this game hours on end on a console. but nothing beats playing it on a PC. money worth spending. This game will always be one of the tops for a fantasy RPG
,Recommended,219780,22163913,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Jose Noyola,"has a really classic RPG feel to it. Graphics are still pretty good for being a few years old. if you are looking for a diffrent type of rpg or a change i highly recomend this game i own it on steam and gog, though most of my time playing it was on gog because DRM FREEEE!!!!!"
,Recommended,219780,22211250,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sieven,"From the few hours I've played this game, I can say it is an overall great game to play. The graphics are a bit old, but still relatively great looking. I have noticed a few minor, and I mean MINOR problems with it. For example sometimes I could open up the tactical pause and when I get out of it, my cursor and movement will lag for a few minutes but everything else seems fine.9.9/10 the duck is an imperial wide."
76561198117184070,Recommended,219780,22340568,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,The-Tricky-Thing,I enjoyed more than I thought I would >__<really glad I bought it
76561198002972853,Recommended,219780,2144263,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,darkmechjock,"A charmingly fun classic RPG that has loads more heart and soul than most contemporary examples in the genre.Plus, you can turn into a dragon."
76561198287719564,Recommended,219780,22240358,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,AJ_Grimm,"If you love RPG's or fantasy games then this is definitely a game you should play. Give the AAA titles a rest because games like these need to be played. The game is quite atmospheric if not alot and there are a decent number of enemies to keep you busy. The game offers the same choices for character creation as in Mage, Rogue and Warrior but you hardly get any customization options for the PC, so if you (like me) like to spend hours creating a character, then you might want to curb your expectations.....A LOT!  But I am a Sucker for RPGs so 7/10*  ;)"
,Recommended,219780,406169,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Souliris,Free roaming gaming goodness
,Recommended,219780,3184832,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Ruthrand,"This game is very underrated and is not well-known. However, the game has graphics, story and missions that rival that of modern AAA titles like skyrim or the witcher 2. The gameplay is a bit lackluster and the skill system is underwhelming, but what you will find in this game is 100+ hours of good story telling and one of the coolest settings of any RPG ive played.Score- 8.5/10"
,Recommended,219780,21078780,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Rap_Monster,Nice PRG game
,Recommended,219780,30699041,Posted: 23 March,all,StinkySQL,The most fun I've had in an RPG in several years. Where was this hiding?
76561198040964973,Recommended,219780,21034245,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,topuklu,"This game is a very rare gem, it's really underrated. If you love open world RPG's, this game is a must have."
76561198020849647,Recommended,219780,23713725,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,bcseagle,"Great RPG, Its like an early version of Skyrim."
,Recommended,219780,542365,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Tamriilin,"Pick this up if you want a good third-person action RPG. It's got a good amount of exploration and free-roam, and the combat isn't the best but it's solid enough to be really fun. Also the story is bonkers and the voice acting is really good."
,Recommended,219780,8035710,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Considering,"This game, though it can be very difficult, because there is no objective marker. But how many games in the world that allow you to transform into a freakin' dragon! The storyline is good, the humor is ridiculously hilarious! If you are a RPG fan, I highly recommend this game!"
76561198084477314,Recommended,219780,8348015,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rivalynn,"I've already played Divine Divinity a few years ago and liked it, so I had really high expectations. Needless to say, the game made me fall in love with it. The graphics look good and I enjoyed the storyline so far (still haven't finished the whole game). The world isn't as huge as in Skyrim, but being able to fly around as a dragon makes up for it ;)."
76561197981779605,Recommended,219780,911112,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Seahawk,"At first I wasn't really interested in playing this game, but after I installed it a second time, and played it for about an hour, I was hooked!  I see only 277 people currently recommend this game, so thought I would make it 278.  You really should give this game a try!"
,Recommended,219780,7977302,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Snus,"One of the underrated RPGs of the latest years, mainly because of its bugs. Now with the Developer's Cut the issues are mostly fixed and it's extremely satisfying to play even now, 4 years after the initial release. It even looks quite good compared to modern games, the only thing giving away its age are animations - too clunky."
76561197973706677,Recommended,219780,633442,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,blacktomcat,"Interesting game with a quite controversal ending. Well it might b due to the need of cliffhangers but i actually like games that are...different. Anyway i dont want to say too much. Despite the story twists it is a solid 3rd person RPG with everything one might want. Sidequests, places to explore, skills to learn, treasures to find and enemys to beat. If its worth your money depends.... if u can overlook some minor flaws like the fact that the game is quite unexplaining (there are teleporters...i didnt know that until after i walked what felt like a 1000 km...) then u get a very good rpg that has actual moral decisions (something i like) although sadly with little differnece towards the end/overall tune of the world (something i do not like..). But well u shift the destiny on a small scale for every npc at a time...i guess thats all i can ask for :P"
,Recommended,219780,7677557,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Cactmoore,"A pretty fun action/RPG, but combat can get a little repetitive. The game can also get unusually laggy at times if your graphics settings are turned up... I can play games like Skyrim with no problems, but I had to turn down a lot of the little graphical tweaks in this game.You get to turn into a dragon at various parts of the game, which is a definite plus, although this feature isn't as well integrated into the game as in, say, Drakengard 2 for the PS2.Aside from a slightly-above-average storyline, the game has a really good sense of humour, sort of like a wittier Two Worlds II.Anyway, this is an entertaining game if you are a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,219780,9012923,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Raggamuffin,Divinity 2 is a pretty fun open world action RPG with the big twist being you get to fly around as a dragon.  The combat is pretty standard but still fun nonetheless.  The expansion was a bit of a letdown.  They plunk you into a small city (though there are lots of interiors and caves) which means you don't get to use your dragon form anymore.  The story was also left opened ended so that was a bit of a disappointment.Playtime: 46 hrs8/10
76561198000274008,Recommended,219780,1959131,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,43vq7y3,Dragons. Nuff said.
76561198041976835,Recommended,219780,4799630,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,Soloist,"Picked this up during the holiday sale for ten bucks. Definitely one of the best ten bucks I have ever spent. This game is a ton of fun. The story is well done and has a lot of twists in it. Also, the writing is hilarious. There were times where it really made me laugh. Larian knows what they are doing. Base game took about 20 hours or so and I have just started on the expansion. Expecting only good things from that as well. Both the base game and expansion are included in this set."
76561197995203359,Recommended,219780,1593874,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,Totaly05,10/10 rubber chickens
,Recommended,219780,8107014,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,svenstanley,WHile this game is difficault and has a minor learning curve it is one of the funnest games I have ever played. The player mechanics remind me of a MMO were your basic att. is left clicking and stronger or special ones are bound to the number keys. This game has a great story and can be very imersive.
,Recommended,219780,7650564,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Tater,it's like clunky dmc: the wrpg. also you can punch everything so that alone makes it a good game.
,Recommended,219780,4940611,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,[VCD] Defender (no mic),"Fantasy abound in this epic RPG, with quite the twist ending."
,Recommended,219780,9694890,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Stalphyr,Great game to sit back and Enjoy when your internet is down or not down! AWESOME  Graphics and Pure enjoyment did I already say that well thats becuase it is a Great Game !! :D
76561198012486310,Recommended,219780,7986606,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,themonosyllabic,"When I bought the Divinity Anthology, I was really just buying it for this game (but I still soldiered through Divine Divinity at least first before jumping to this one). It was worthwhile playing through Divine Divinity - there's a lot of little callbacks and references to the world and previous events that made the experience of Divinity 2 more enjoyable.Divinity 2 is a 3rd person Action RPG with a skill tree and stat allocation - think like a combination of World of Warcraft and Diablo. My wife said it reminded her of Dark Souls (or at least watching me play it) and I can see the resemblance. Overall the system works well - it's got a nice skill basis such that you can dodge around projectiles and attacks and avoid using potions and even kite enemies around if you're ranged. The options for character customization are broad too.The world is large and full of character, and they definitely improved the quality of voiceover from Beyond Divinity. The plot is solid with an interesting (but apparently controversial) ending. Unfortunately it does fall into the trap of 'throw dozens of enemies at them' again, with the endgame becoming a -bit- of a trudge. They do close it out with a solid final area though.The expansion pack sold the game for me though. They took the enemy count, toned it down, and made the majority of it venturing through one town fixing problems, talking to people, solving puzzles. One giant series of side quests, essentially. It was executed really well - and then they nailed the final sequence out of the park.Playing through the first two Divinity games to get to Divinity 2 was definitely worth the wait - and I'd even recommend picking it up outside of the anthology if you don't care about the world-building done by the previous two games."
,Recommended,219780,2580076,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,Hexsteel,CAUTION: VERY ADDICTING
76561197982389067,Recommended,219780,931982,"Posted: 19 November, 2012",all,best_csk,this one is like oblivion with consol command!!!
76561198041918353,Recommended,219780,4793889,"Posted: 24 April, 2013",all,KarlGreyJedi,"Fantastic fantasy rpg that lets you play through a humorous world as a traditional hero or in dragon form. Yes this game lets you turn at will into a dragon part way through and yes it's awesome. With other cool features like a home fortress, multiple quest choices, and the ability to expend xp in order to read people's minds. Just pure fantasy rpg goodness."
76561198013232657,Recommended,219780,27939421,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Romeo,"This is my favorite game of all the time, it never get's old.Being a dragon knight is just superb!!!"
76561198075869131,Recommended,219780,27358601,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Master Necrosis,"I greatly enjoyed the game, but it has the nasty habbit of making things harder to find. This isn't bad in itself, but there are certain things you might need to consult a walkthrough about if you're truly stumped, and without patching it has an issue where at random points a random boss might drain all your health. But otherwise I found the game GREATLY enjoyable. The difficulty in some areas takes some time to get used to, but I had a great time."
76561197999294573,Recommended,219780,14766957,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,cirdanx,"A very overlooked game, due to problems and a messy release (thanks to the publisher). It also couldn´t hide its obviously intention for a console release, which lead to clunky controls and the typical ""port"" feeling on the pc (despite the game being released on pc first). However, Larian is a great Dev-studio and seems very dedicated to iron out its mistakes and thanks to the Directors Cut we get a very good open-ish RPG experience.*Graphics and Sound*They still look very pretty and while it can´t keep up with time, the art style and overall love for detail creates an environment that holds up, combine this with the fantastic soundtrack and immersion is given in this game. Sometimes bad textures stick out and not much variation in animation, however the game is several years old and its nothing to really sniff at. The soundtrack is really fantastic, i would go so far as saying that it is one of Larians biggest strength in all of their games. Keep the sound up and you won´t be disappointed. The atmosphere created is spot on!*Technical side*I have not seen one bug, whatsover. I also had zero crashes on Win7 64x. Obviously thats just my experience and others my vary.*Gameplay*I´m pretty sure controler wouldn´t be in issue, this of course can be helped with free 3th pary software, however i choose keyboard+mouse and it worked fine. The combat is action-hotkey oriented, however movement makes a difference (like jumping and then smashing down on enemies). Most of the enemy fire can also be dodged. Still, it does become a bit repetitive after some time, this might be because i choose a melee character to play, but it certainly has also to do with the very odd power curve in the game. While at the beginning one could sometimes struggle in fights and go thru some health potions, you later become a monster and just hack thru enemies. The game also rewards exploration and riddle solving giving you (in my opinion) sometimes overpowerd items as a reward, this making you to powerful early on.Neverless, combat is sufficiently and the dragon form mixes it up enough. Riddles and hidden treasure were a big surprise, sometimes very hard to catch/see and some required actual thinking. Thats rare.Respecing is always possible when the player gets his strongehold. There is also crafting in the game, which except from enchanting, i never needed though.An important thing i need to mention that others pointed out wrongly. Yes it is openworld-ish, but more in the theme of Baldurs Gate (actualy less): you get your main story and you can explore the current zone(s). But not progress further until you finished your main quest in these. So its not like Skyrim and the world is also not that big.Also it is true that you can´t import your save from the first one...but i think there is an autosave generated because the directors cut treats the game as a whole with the expansion AND you have your gear/money and everything still when you enter the x-pac section of the game.*Story*Story is important in a RPG and Divinity 2 does deliver but also lacks depth. The story isn´t bad and there are some twists and turns, especially at the end. Any RPG player however won´t find a lot of surprises, its pretty generic. However, the big strength in Larian games are the side quests, filled with hints, riddles, very funny dialouge and options. They are the main drive force of the game, and to me, are the interesting part. There are also enough of them to keep you playing.*Overall opinion*For 20.- its definitely worth the purchase, even better with a deal. Its a good RPG that rewards exploration and thinking, with a not so great combat system but lots of humor and interesting quests in it.Overall i think the ambition behind it was just bigger than the budget (this reminded me a LOT of Kingdoms of Amalur). Still, i expected much less and was really surprised."
,Recommended,219780,7429477,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,slltllnll,10/10
76561198094696143,Recommended,219780,26394184,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,cowboi beeboop,"i played this game back on xbox 360, and as buggy as it kind of was, i still like it more then original sin or that other one i forgot what it was called. after this one they started switching from 3rd person rpg to other stuff, which im not against, but i like getting hands on and in the middle of the action alot more. this game had some broken elements to it and some bugs to work around, but it is an awesome world with a very underrated element: you get to turn into a friggin dragon, and it is actually pulled off really well. there may be better rpgs out there but for the price this is incredible. i actually never beat the game myself but i plan to this time through, though i read the ending is bad in both the original and expansion, but im mentally prepared for that and i hope anyone reading this willl be to. i really hope one day this company takes the money there making from the original sin games and makes a true 3rd person rpg sequal and really focuses on improving combat, balance, and story. however as it is i totally give it a thumbs up. just get ready for some things that will kind of stab at your rpg experience, but not really ruin it unless your super picky."
76561198056071050,Recommended,219780,26307128,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,afederowicz,"This Games has some sense of real spooks in it... Larien Artists realy have the ability to spook it up good. The Game play is Solid. Actions are all complete and work correctly... Remember this is actually two full games, and if you need a manual, go to youtube, as there are some guides there. The puzzles to solve on getting into the deap areas are not so play when your wits are working well. Even though graphics are a little dated, the magical color uses are just astounding. I so wish Larian would continue this part of the story, and even make all the things they planned into DIVINITY II... If you look at the making of parts of this special edition, you will see they planned some really epic content, that maybe got canned because of space and ability of single core PC's... Not sure, but Larian really is a creative bunch, and if you are a persevering person, this game will not dissapoint I promise. However, if you are lazy, and want everything handed to you, you will not likely even be able to finish this game half way. Not a game for dumb dumbs sorry Common Core Crowd.... This one is not for the Dumbed Down Generation... Just Go text your friends while driving, and play dodge the innocent human beings like you usually do... Yes... I do have your number and it's up on this game..."
76561198237883542,Recommended,219780,26484083,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Goat,"Note: that I have no hours because I found it on sale elsewhere and refunded on steam. This is a 50h game plus 20h expansion.This game is huge with tons of skills which you are totally free to take at any time. So you can make your character do basically anything. The combat is good, same with the visuals and music. I especially like the music. The story is also above average for sure and being a dragon is pretty sick.The drawbacks are all in the level design. Often they will trap you in a room and you must just search for the tiny book (in an entire ♥♥♥♥ing library) or key to click on in an entire area of interactables. Often these interactables will chunk you for 55% of your max hp if you pick the wrong thing. This leads to just reloading and searching for WAY too long in many places. So I strongly recommend just googling every time you are stuck so you can focus on the great parts of the game which is combat, story, exploring, and your characters development. It even has some platforming elements which are fun too.Plus there is no fall damage so you can skydive off of towers. Later in the game you can skydive, then halfway through your fall, turn into a dragon and fly away. But in the best interests for your sanity, google through the ""puzzles"" which are basically click on stuff which kills you until you find the hidden thing to click on which doesn't"
76561198126030611,Recommended,219780,24593466,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Slayercrush7,"I dropped it halfway, because the story and main character were kinda bland for today's standards. The reason i recommend this game is for its gameplay mechanics, which is quite nice even when compared to games nowadays. Not a really helpful review, i know...... :("
76561198069235835,Recommended,219780,24597122,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Abidr,"Never thought I would complete this one, finally did it and it was a nice experience. Especially the continuation of story from Divine Divinity and Beyond Divinity. I read somewhere that the Divinity games are not linked and can be played separately. I disagree with that after playing the game. But that’s my opinion.I tried completing this one in 2010 two or three time but always quit in between. But finally got interested again in the divinity series and yes it’s a definitely recommended is you like Divinity Series.Story is good and also Sides quests are interesting. This game has a learning curve, once you past that, you will enjoy it really.Games runs like a charm without any glitches or technical issues, unlike Beyond Divinity."
76561198024409574,Recommended,219780,3539524,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Remarque,to be a dragon
76561198086350474,Recommended,219780,26630931,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Madul,this one is fantastic
76561197980081962,Recommended,219780,21080501,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Robinson Huso,"When I first bought the game at retail it was a mess. Horrible controls and laggy as hell. After a while I found a huge patch that fixed almost everything that had previously stopped me from playing. I had great fun with the humour, although I'm afraid of crossing bridges now. The balance was something I had to get used to, but everything worked out well enough to finish this game... And here was the biggest problem. The ending of Ego Draconis was the least satisfying I`d ever encountered.Yet some time later, Larian released the addon Flames of Vengeance. Finally, the game got the ending it deserved, so I thought. But paying full price again, only to have the satisfaction of giving my character a real victory? No way.Now, Steam sells the Developer's Cut for 4€ and I ask myself, why did I ever even buy any game at a store?I could already recommend Ego Draconis for what it was, even with the unsatisfactory ending. But after finishing FoV, I go from saying 'it's worth a try' to 'an action rpg you HAVE to try!'"
,Recommended,219780,20418887,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mongward,"The game, for the most part, is great. Dynamic, ability-focused, with tons of loot, nice animations and a great sense of humour. If I had to state two things that are severely lacking, they would be: the game ending sold as DLC (Flames of Vengeance) - rectified in the Director's Cut integrating the two, and the ending which is so terribly un-epic that it's downright criminal."
76561198012758195,Recommended,219780,33084585,Posted: 1 July,all,WatchMyBlade,"There is only one problem in the game for me, idk why but my pc freezes every time i close the game. Btw my pc is pretty decent one.Otherwise, game is completely excellent. I am a huge fan of Skyrim and Witcher franchise as openworld rpg genre and i really enjoyed this one too. Gameplay reminds me elder scrolls online and it's not bad at all.Graphics are nice only certain cinematics were pretty bad but it didn't effected my experience.My favourite thing about this game like Divinity:Dragon Commander game, it makes you feel like most powerful creature in that universe with that draconic abilities."
,Recommended,219780,5357059,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Helsiera,A highly underrated game that needs a lot more exposure!
76561198215887220,Recommended,219780,33287700,Posted: 5 July,all,radams97,"unbeknownst to me at the time i bought this after it showed up in recomended and i figured ""sure, i'll give it a whirl, why not?"" was i about to embark on the perhaps the greatest video game adventure of my life, an adventure that brought me into a newfound love of rpgs after feeling disatisfied with what modern rpgs had become (in particular the latest installment of perhaps the biggest rpg video game series of all time being a sellout to the casual masses). this adventure lay not just in this game but in the discovery of larians divinity series. its got everything an rpg should have: an in-depth character system, challenging (but balanced) combat, and just the right amount of humour and charm. if you want a modern rpg that  that is  not a simplified casual sellout, look no further than divinity."
76561198016469579,Recommended,219780,33326554,Posted: 6 July,all,Crescent☆Fresh,"The game is only about 40 hours long, but it's a damn good 40 hours. If you haven't played this ish yet, you don't know what you're missing. It is one of the best solo RPGs I've played in a while. It's like, Secret of Mana from back in the day good."
,Recommended,219780,32003121,Posted: 27 May,all,✚Cy4G✚ Jack-Senpai,"I got this game when it was on sale, and I fully expected it to be about average quality. After playing it, I can say that if I had know how great it was going to be, I would have definitely payed full price for it.StoryGood, but not amazing, at least not until the second-half of the game. It's easy enough to follow, and there's lore abound, if you're into that stuff like I am. The story might not be the selling point of the game, but the writing certainly is. Side Quests and hidden secrets are positively everywhere, and you'll run into many interesting characters during your adventure if you venture off the beaten path a bit. Combining the compelling story and rich lore with the wealth of captivating characters, both those involved in quests and regular old NPCs, you're left with an adventure through a land that feels truly alive.GameplayMoving on to the gameplay, which had to be my favorite part of the whole experience. The game handles well in and out of combat, with a cohesive UI and a neat, uncluttered inventory management system. Item stats are easy to understand, and there's a built-in comparison system to see how a new piece of gear stacks up against your currently equipped weapon or armor. Weapons and armor in themselves offer a whole wealth of choices in themselves, with several weapon types to choose from, each with their own unique skills that can be unlocked on theextensiveskill tree. There's swords, bows, greatswords, axes, hammers, magic, shields, and even bare fists, all of which are viable. Dual wielding is an option, as well. And did I mention that all weapons and armor can be enchanted, granting additional stat boosts? If it sounds badass, that’s because it is. Combat is slick and fast-paced, and rarely feels sloppy. Skills unlocked from the aforementioned skill tree can be mapped to hotkeys, as can items, allowing for easy access during frantic battles, which often have you facing more than one enemy at once. By the end of the game, you’re facing small battalions of enemies, living out a classic power fantasy as you one-man-army them into oblivion.Not really a spoiler, but you also gain the power to transform into a dragon later on in the game, and itplays like a dream.Aerial combat is fast and exciting, and like ground combat, you have a large skill tree to invest points in, making your dragon form even more formidable. The sense of power felt in your dragon form is amazing, but I still feel that the dragon form is weaker than it should be. If you aren’t careful, you can get swarmed and taken down by a few airborne pests. Your dragon form is like a glass cannon, in a way, where as I feel that it should have been more like a flying tank. You’re a dragon, for crying out loud. Still, playing as the winged behemoth that you’re so often forced to fight in other games is euphoric in a way that I can’t really describe, and it’s definitely one of the things that sets this game apart. My only complaint is that when you enter dragon form, regular enemies on the ground disappear. Easily crushing large groups of enemies with the monstrous power of your dragon form would have been a dream come true for me, but it would have made playing in human form nearly obsolete, so I understand why they left that feature out.SoundThe overall sound quality of Divinity II is very high. The voice acting is amazing, enhancing the aforementioned outstanding writing. Unlike in Skyrim, you don’t run into the problem of every other character being voiced by the same actor, which would easily break immersion. Instead, many characters have unique voices you only hear from them. The SFX are also well done, with the clang of your weapons against enemy armor providing a sense of weight and impact. The music, however, is probably the weakest part of the sound package. While fitting, it certainly isn’t the most memorable soundtrack out there. It’s not bad by any stretch of the word, but just isn’t something that will stick in your head for weeks after playing it.GraphicsThe graphics are, well, kind of dated. It’s certainly not at the level of GTA 5 or NieR, but the game came out in 2009, so I would argue that it deserves a little slack. That being said, the lands you adventure through are bright and colorful, and the various dungeons and locales you find yourself exploring aren’t nearly as generic as some other games. The character models are fairly detailed, and the lip-syncing is well done. Having somewhat dated graphics also means that it doesn’t take a top of the line pc to play it in it’s finest form, which is a welcome change in a market full of games designed with only the highest specs in mind. While the graphics might not be the strongest point of the game, not once did I feel that it detracted from my experience.ConclusionDivinity II is a wonderful action-RPG, positively brimming with content and charm, offering a lively world full of quests to complete, secrets to find, and foes to slay. If you can find it on sale, I would wholeheartedly recommend grabbing it."
,Recommended,219780,22231237,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Perturbed Herb,I absolutly love this game but for F**ks sake can't you guys come back and add in a patch for controller support or something? Other than that I wish they'd do another Dragon Knight RPG instead of dragon commander
,Recommended,219780,28731094,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MissAngelaB,"I absolutely love this game.  The music is breath taking, the game play is relatively smooth, and it is just an all around excelent game."
76561198018242687,Recommended,219780,29026594,Posted: 4 January,all,ginnmaster,"All in all. TOTALLY WORTH IT.This game reminded me of a great time playing D&D...but on a computer!This game has a ton of positive aspects to it and in summary, I can say I enjoyed the WHOLE THING.The type of game where you can actually use your brain to figure out some puzzles and also find some quests where you need to just fight and kill. The balance between character equipment level and monster difficulty was great. It is possible to forget paying attention to your gear and the next powerful mob will let you know via your death.Gear can be purchased if you have the (in game) gold, but, you may also be just fine with the quest rewards. There is freedom to mix and match the gear or you can focus and collect a SET for some added bonuses. Gold is not just laying around. Gold management will be a factor at some point.I had an unexpected great time playing the game and all the various quests without getting bogged down with the fealing of doing the same quests over and over as in other games. For the most part, each quest is a unique part of the game. The devs have a sense of humor and it is noticed in some NPC dialogue and their mannerisms.My only complaint was when turning into a dragon, I couldn't fry the monsters on the ground because they all disappeared instantly (they reappear after leaving dragon form). Lets face it, If I can turn into a dragon at will, I'm going to want to lay into some bad guys with my super awesome dragon skills and not just the other flying monsters."
,Recommended,219780,29045648,Posted: 5 January,all,Ambrucor | TCE | KGGram,One of the best RPG's I have ever played!- Completely free character development.- Great and detailed fantasy universe.- Lots of content.- Unique humor and memorable characters.- Skill based fighting system.Played it for many many hours before its steam release.
,Recommended,219780,29039505,Posted: 5 January,all,Butterball,"It's a little funky, but a great game overall.Okay graphics, good controls, great plot and humour.Fantastic skill and item systems, good pacing.The engine is a bit derpy, but it won't matter these days.If you can tough it out the first hour or so, it's good, and there's a good 70hr+ of gameplay here.It's a VERY creative game.(Dragon combat is a bit disappointing though.)"
76561198027125928,Recommended,219780,31022119,Posted: 8 April,all,lowerjumper,Awesome game. It doesnt hold your hand and point you in the right direction. You have to actually remember things and do some searching. I wish more games were like this.
76561198299834062,Recommended,219780,31036464,Posted: 9 April,all,DAstruct0n,"Ever wanted to be a dragon?Before I start, Let me say this game is far from perfect. The combat in Divinity 2: Ego Dragconis and Flames of Vengence is quite frankley fun, simple, and all around enjoyable. The story is orignal and engaging, albeit rushed at points. (manly dew to under staffing and time constrants at the studio.) Large chunks of the game had been taken out to rush for console release dates. This game is definitely a hidden gem among the mass of RPG's out there, though not entirely complete. Did I mention you can turn into a dragon at will? If you're a fan of games like Drakengard, pick this one up.Dragons? check.Knights? check.fun? check."
76561198273891036,Recommended,219780,29909619,Posted: 13 February,all,RedCelt,"Divinity II - Ego Draconis is a good, action RPG.The Developer mode lets you play how you want and opens up the game.It felt to me like a mix between Oblivion and Risen.I enjoyed my time with this game..."
76561198005962054,Recommended,219780,29282633,Posted: 15 January,all,Nivix(MystLynx),What I love about Larian studios is that they put their souls into games they create. Yet again it was amazing journey to the world of Rivellon!
76561198181895255,Recommended,219780,29351259,Posted: 18 January,all,sirflufybuns1234,"I love this game right up until the point where they make you defend Zandalor for 1 god forsake minute, who's stupid idea was that, one of the worst gaming experiences of my life. The rest of the game is pretty fun though."
76561198022426776,Recommended,219780,30288200,Posted: 2 March,all,roberts2365,"So I briefly played this when it first launched on the 360 and never got more than 10 or so hours into it.  I decided to pick it back up and man was I plesantly suprised.  This is far from a perfect game but I've really enjoyed my time playing.  My biggest issue is just the combat system.  Its very clunky and just doesn't feel satisfying.  It's not unplayable, but it does hold the game back a bit.  What makes this game great is the writing.  I was constantly suprised by the dialogue both in the main quests and side quests.  Larian Studios are the kings of gaming comedy and if you have ever played the Original Sins series you will immediately recognize the humor.  Apart from the writing, being able to trasform into a dragon makes your character feel very powerful and cool.  There is a good bit of custimization you can do with your gear stat wise to make your character perform the way you want.  I would definately recommend picking this game up if you are looking for a fun RPG.  I probably wouldn't play through more than once but the game is fairly cheap now so I feel its well worth the money."
76561198041181149,Recommended,219780,31223086,Posted: 18 April,all,✪ Lewis Graham,"Loved this when I first played it as Ego Draconis back in 2009/2010, found it on steam a while back and tried playing it again, sadly I couldn't really get in to it a second time.. might've just not been in the mood for a game like this at the time, I do know I loved it though, and I definitely recommend it at its current price."
76561198010562852,Recommended,219780,31378223,Posted: 26 April,all,Maniac,"This game has been very well done.  The story's there, the game play is there, a decent skill tree is in place.  Granted, I do love dragons, so I may be a bit biased.  But, it's a well executed game with good lore and a bunch of ""easter eggs"".  Have at it."
76561198043801966,Recommended,219780,4964892,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Raging_Moose,had fun with the begining of this one before they took it off steam guess they was doing some changes then amazing game
76561198012061929,Recommended,219780,29435202,Posted: 22 January,all,Drake,does not work with windows 10 64bit.  it always freezes on the loading screens when goin through doors.  Issue fixed it self
76561198002986817,Recommended,219780,31674983,Posted: 10 May,all,Phantom Virus,"If you enjoy fantasy RPGs, like me, then this game is for you! It has everything you need. First, you get two games in one which is a great bonus. There is a great mount of content and plenty of secrets too. The story is actually decent, which is saying something. The game is fun, challanging at times, and gives you plenty of options. The game does freeze from time to time between loading screens but if you save often it isn't that big of a deal. The only negative is the ending is rather lackluster. Still, a fantastic game for anyone who enjoys this style of game. You need to add this game to your list if you truly love fantast rpgs."
76561198117042418,Recommended,219780,31495988,Posted: 1 May,all,vior wolfkin,"it feels good to swat a mosquito thats biting !,,,,,,,but when there are thousands then it becomes boring . that is about where this game is at. oh its a good story and can be fun . it just doesnt need the same goblins over andover then the same skeletons ad infinitum ..... THE END IS THE WORST PART ... YOU CANNOT WIN ! YOU ARE A FOOL YOU HAVE BEEN DUPED ,,,i dont want finishing a game to make me feel bad ..... but there is flames of vengeance to go yet ...yawn .... the end of this ??? its hard to get to the end as you have to wear a special helmet thatt makes everything go blurry and spin !!!!!! hard to play whilst throwing up !! of course the game has a lot of good points ... for a short < too short > a time you can become a dragon which has to be good .... there is sime good voice acting and some good script writting with an absorbing storyline !.....play the game on dev mode ! gift yourself a few extra exp points and press the mage button to remove the cooldown on spellcasting ! < its far too long> after balancing the game this way it can become very good ...sad that many buttons and keys are invisible so be prepared to check a guide occassionaly !!! . as long as the game is not dear then its worth a try ... there are many hours of quests ! AND DRAGONS !!!!!!"
76561198007348269,Recommended,219780,31519036,Posted: 2 May,all,TheSilentType,"Question.Do you like Dragons?I ask this because your answer will also probably answer how much you'll like this game.That is because the key selling point of this game is that your human character can transform into a DRAGON. Not for all of it (boo) and not everywhere in the game (BOO) but for a good chunk of it you can simply press a button and rain fiery, winged death down on anyone stupid enough to remain in the immediate vicinity. In this game you can assault vast flying fortresses as a dragon, tear their defences down, have aerial dogfights with flying demons, then morph back into a human and cut your way through courtyards until you kill the enemy general - all without a single cutscene. This can be a really fun game.The writing is also stellar, striking a fun balance between humor and seriousness; this only gets better in the sequel campaign where your character almost seems to start channeling Deadpool. This is my first Divinity title, so I can't say much about how it compares to others in the series but I thought the world was quite well handled, sticking to a lot of fantasy tropes while still putting them together in a unique enough way, my only real regret is that I didn't get to see more of it. The music is really good too.Sadly it is not without flaws. The combat, while fun and frantic in the later game can be frustrating early on (I highly recommend low level characters to always carry a bow). Your only method of avoiding attacks is to jump or dodge-roll, leading to you spending most fights rolling around enemies like a spiky, sword wielding barrel. Flying round areas in the late game is fun, but during the early game and the second campaign the amount of backtracking some quests require becomes annoying. I also encountered a few crashes during loading screens; nothing that couldn't be worked around but still annoying.Divinity 2 is not as polished as the likes of Dragon Age, but play it for any length of time and you'll see the potential beneath the surface. It can be annoying, even frustrating at times, but those moments are brief. For the most part Divinity 2 is thoroughly enjoyable, and when it embraces the things that make it unique it becomes downright spectacular."
,Recommended,219780,31562597,Posted: 5 May,all,Suigeneris_,"Good game, it's really got an old school RPG charm to it that I enjoy. Mechanics are simple to grasp and the world is interesting and fun to explore. One you hit a certain point though, the difficulty ratchets way up (you'll know what I mean when you get there). The combat seems to be geared towards ranged attackers, especially later on, so I would not recommend starting as a melee class. Worth picking up on sale if you're a fan of old school PC RPG's. No controller support by the way"
76561198054587021,Recommended,219780,28810021,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,The Greatest Who Ever Lived,It's like a twisted combination of Oblivion and KOTOR
76561198073294380,Recommended,219780,35430230,Posted: 2 October,all,Crimson Raven,its a great game its too bad that it did not get complete so u play like 1/4 of the game that was supposed to be made
