user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,219830,13537057,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tern,"The negative:The community can be unpleasant, but is generally forgiving and open to new players. There is a pretty steep learning curve, and the lack of a decent tutorial makes this worse. Balance and maps have improved, but I still find long, 3-4 hour stalemates fairly common in large matches.The positive:King Arthur's Gold is a truly unique experience. There's something for everyone in this game, whether you enjoy building massive fortresses, killing hordes of enemies, or role playing on a giant map with different races and factions. There is a decent competitive scene if you're into that sort of thing. Matches are usually full of people with mixed experience, so newer and more casual players can enjoy themselves as well. KAG is one of the most unique, addictive, and challenging games  that I have ever played, and is definitely worth checking out.All things considered, King Arthur's Gold is probably the best ten dollars I've ever spent on Steam."
76561197962473519,Recommended,219830,7747657,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Caff,"This is absolutely brilliant!  It's like a turbocharged multiplayer Lemmings.  The insanity you get on a 20-player server is hilarious.  It really is as crazy as the videos above suggest, but it's better than it looks.Definitely my multiplayer game of the year 2013!"
76561198012301619,Recommended,219830,7760070,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Norginn,"King Arthur's Gold is an incredible game. For capture the flag, the game kicks off with a building phase in which everyone harvests the resources and begins to errect fortresses, traps and shops. Then after the alloted time is up the fighting begins in which both sides struggle to controll the majority of the map and access to more resources to ensure well maintained and solid defenses against the opposing side.The game structure not only allows but requires team work. The community is generally friendly. Physics based kills, sharks, seige weapons, warships and spiked pits makes for an amazing game."
,Recommended,219830,16140685,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Tiki,"If you're the kind of kid who drew little people fighting each other while your apathetic teacher regurgitated his syllabus, you're going to love this game."
76561198014744360,Recommended,219830,7743158,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Digum,Terraria meets Chivalry... but with explosives!
,Recommended,219830,10031126,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Jprime,Great game. Involves skill & timing. Too many hours spent.Probably the one game I've played the most in my lifetime
,Recommended,219830,8691634,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Shiro The Kitten,"This is a genuinely awesome game. There are tons of things you are able to do. Like drilling your way in the enemy base, or use a keg and suicide bomb them from a catapult your teammate used to throw you! You can use shields to glide, or even ""surf"" in water.You can play as an archer, feign your death, hide in trees, and use your grappling hook to movearound!Or you could go builder, and build contraptions and defenses for your base or flags!The game has alot of replayability as the map is always subject to player interaction. The game runs smoothly in alot of machines but sometimes crashes for no apparent reason.It's still in beta and looks like a full game.The amount of content, mechanics is high - but lacks it in customization, the heads, being alot, for females like me are just few less pixels and barely noticeable.Really great game, with a decent price, although a sale is always a better option!"
76561198060716650,Recommended,219830,14737301,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,EV0KER,"It takes a while to get into, but this is one of the best games I have ever played. You have total freedom to build whatever you want, and there are multiple game modes (Although CTF is by far the best). The community is generally welcoming to new players, so don't be afraid to ask for help. You start with a couple of minutes to build up your castle, and then the game starts and everyone rushes to the center. You could build a tunnel to the other side, or a bridge, or try to rush them head on! Every match is different, and each server has different rules and maps. I had this game before it was on steam, and my hours are in the hundreds. The meta game constantly changes, as does the game. Sadly, the player base is only about 100 now, but there is never a problem finding a match, there are at least two full games running all the time. If you join, you can fix that problem! There is even a roleplay server! If you are on the fence about this, buy it, you won't regret it :D And you will make this awesome community grow!"
,Recommended,219830,10403661,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Dusty Bergan,"King arthurs gold is one of the most satisfying games i have ever played.Nothing in this entire world beats the feeling of watching the frigtened, scattered and wounded faces of your enemies get clobbered in with a giant sword, or watching as the improvised wooden huts that your enemies used as a ""base"" burn quickly to the ground.And the most amazing part is when you finally, after nearly an hour of constant struggle, getting the last flag and charging home with your team on your back.and dont even get me STARTED on the swordplay.The swordplay feels smooth as butter and is rather responsive and feels GOOD.(did you get that? it feels GOOD. like, nutella sandwich good. yea, its that great.)But i feel as if the archer class is a little weird to play, especially if you are planning to grapple on to a wall and snipe. Its still good, but it doesnt hold a CANDLE to the knight master race.The builder is basically a fleshed out version of the TF2 Engineer. you can set up ballistas and catapults, you can make tunnels (teleporters) for your team to use, you can build workshops for your team to buy usefull things like kegs (big bombs), bombs (weaker bombs), mines (self explanitory), as well as water based bombs and arrows (stun bombs).8.5/10 es rly gud"
76561198043238899,Recommended,219830,10880420,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Startselect3,"dont waste 500 hours of you life on this game, no wait, do, it has been some of the best hours of my life, knowing awesome people making friends and kicking♥♥♥♥♥♥ ive gone through good and bad in this game for 2 years, i love it so much ;u; KAG is love! KAG iss life!"
,Recommended,219830,12287824,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Jef3s,Good game.Terraria + Chivalry = King Arthur's Gold.8/10.
,Recommended,219830,7745629,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Landy,"It's a side-scrolling medieval-themed pixelated game with 3 classes to choose from. It's got fun competitive modes and a really neat gameplay style. I'd suggest getting this game, it's really good."
,Recommended,219830,18108337,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Jesoo,"I'll say it in the easy way.This game is a must-have for all the 2d fans!basecally is a 2d game, in medieval times and PvP. The concept of the game is awesome, there are always servers with players and the developers work to fix the game. Because yes, there are actually some bugs, like crashes.Some people compare KAG to Terraria, I'm not gonna do that, because the game isn't a Terraria-clone at all.Speaking about the game, there's 3 classes: builder, archer and knight. You need all of them to win, builders can place defenses and easily destroy the enemy's walls, archers are a good support unit and knights are the tanks of the situation.There's siege machines, trinkets like bombs or explosive arrows and much more. This game has a stunning depth, maps are always different and if you're a fan of this gameplay you can enjoy it for hundreds of hours.I reccomand it happily.final vote: 9/10""why not 10/10?""Because the community is♥♥♥♥♥♥-this is my first english review, so forgive me pls ^^-"
76561198000624335,Recommended,219830,13817061,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Antiga,"A shell of a game remains. Game got ruined by patches. Every patch removed something positive and added something negative. Incompetent devs who listen to the wrong people.On the brightside, if you join in now, there's little chance of ever seeing another patch, which is a good thing.Try it if you don't mind playing something that has had most of it's funniest and rewarding situations get patched out and replaced by bland streamlined mechanics tailored for the masses."
76561198078652345,Recommended,219830,18520594,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,EL Leonardo,"The most beautiful thing happened today:-Fell into bottomless pit-landed on a ledge-there was another enemy player on the ledge-however we did not kill eachother as expected, but talked in the chat-this lasted about five minutes, untill a enemy ninja killed me as he was fallingBut the story didnt end there-as i was falling, i saw my enemy friend jump of the ledge after meas i cried my teirs of sadness to seeing him go, he said ""goodbye my friend""11/10 faith in humanity restored"
,Recommended,219830,16344511,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Potatobird,"This game can be hard to get into. The small playerbase means skill levels vary wildly from player to player, so in each game there will be seasoned veterans fighting with and against the freshest of newbies. And in such a skill-oriented game, it can be hard to get anything done. So if you're frustrated by stuff like that, you might have some trouble at first....But KAG is one of a kind. I've played it for countless hours on both Steam and the standalone client. I could play this game forever. I can't even adequately describe how much and why I love this game. I think the fact that you can look at these reviews and see a bunch of people with hundreds to thousands of hours on a $10 indie game really says something.It's also got a bunch of cool mods, and people actually do play in the modded servers quite a bit, if that's what you're into :)"
,Recommended,219830,16374948,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dclyde,The only game where trying stupid things like surfing on your shield actualy works.
,Recommended,219830,12865907,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DJ All of the above,"Listen sonny, I've played some games in my time and it's very VERY rare that one achieves the balance and strategy of this gem. The learning curve is a little steep and you'll want to go out of your way to learn a few tricks to keep pace with the senior players, but this is a challenging title that you'll never play the same way twice.For those of you that remember Soldat (also an addictive, solid game) way back when, this is the same group."
76561198072458225,Recommended,219830,8461921,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,A BOX JELLYFISH 🎐,"Take Chivalry, Take Terraria, Take some indie stuff, add blood and gore, EXPLOSIONS AND MORE EXPLOSIONS AND YOU GET THE WONDERFUL EXPLOSIVE WORLD OF THIS. 10/10. I purely love it. Very competitive if you make it competitive."
,Recommended,219830,12513067,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Joop,"Smashing people with boulders, riding them over with bisons, launching keg bombs with catapults...Nothing gets better than that!"
,Recommended,219830,12343165,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Detainee Pyramid,"I love this game.  That being said, the complete absense of critical thinking drives me insane.  This is pretty much only an online vs game.  You will have teammates that will waste resources on a Taj Mahal pit trap that never sees use or is destroyed by one blast.  You will get towers made by your team that offer very little defense but are tall enough to allow the other team to safely jump over your solid, defensible, lower resource cost tower. If you have enough friends and can get a server on the cheap the game is amazing.  Playing pub is a die roll, but you will have magical moments."
,Not Recommended,219830,25234483,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mazonga,"KAG classic used to have upto 3500 people playing 24/7. The game was a mix of TF2, Terraria and platformers that took teamwork and sometimes upto 3 hour long games of trying to bust down the other teams base and get the flag. The replayabliity was amazing and the devs even hosted clan war/duel tournaments at its peak.Unfortunately, like most games now a days: Devs want dat cash monies. They made a buyable beta of a sequel that promised better physics, more machines, better engine and etc. At first, it was way better than original game, but the devs decided to start from scratch again. They neglected the original and took quite a while to make the sequel, so the player base slowly started to die.Fast foward to now: the Devs did a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job. The game came out, players felt this remake was unbalanced. Devs had bad PR and no communication, they took forever to make any changes/bugfixes. Community died because of Devs dropping support of the original game. Original game became infested with hackers, and community servers/clans quit after being fed up with the creators. This game is still inferior to the original aside from better mod support.Honestly, don't get this game. There are literally only 2 servers in the entire game and the admins tend to be groups of immature little ♥♥♥♥♥ whos parents bought them servers. You'll get banned for being better than them or for them just not liking you. The game has no replayability compared to the original and usually end with keg spamming as opposed to a well executed strategy. Also the original Dev abandoned this game and only seems to mention it during sales.I think the original is still on their website hidden in a url, but its also dead and has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community as well. It was good while it lasted.TLDR: Game Sux. Original is better with more replayability. Game is ded. Devs don't care."
,Recommended,219830,10541716,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,wack b,"King Arthur's Gold. Where do we begin?Let's say you just start in the game. You have no tutorials, you are just thrown into a random game. What do you do? You begin building a fort. You see someone else doing an entirely different thing. Are you doing it wrong? One guy is putting trap blocks over a hole, another is digging a large tunnel with water, another is creating rooms packed with traps and class shops. Who is right and who is wrong?All of you are right! This game encourages creativity. Using what's around you and turning it against your enemies. A shark in a pit killing soldiers? Turn it into a trap. Enemies built a wall? Launch yourself in a catapult. It is all these different ways to play that make every game so fun.Assume they are putting heavy siege upon your walls. Off the top of my head, you can:- Build tunnels for a constant stream of defense.- Fill a boat with explosives and ram it into them.- Get a boat full of builders to destroy the small base they built.- Build walls behind the wall that is under siege- Dozens of more ways, for you to discover!To counter these:- Have builders climb up using ladders to destroy the tunnel.- Sacrifice yourself by turning the boat back into their wall, toppling it over into their base.- Knights to stab the builders.- Put your catapult on a boat for a constant push on each wall.TL:DR, King Arthurs gold is a fun game that encourages creativity to defeat your enemies.9/10"
76561198035781646,Not Recommended,219830,23390455,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ZDYorach,"This is a good game! The gameplay is fast and chaotic, while the building is fun and tactical. I would recommend this game; the community however has some growing up to do.Often new players are banned for ""griefing"" or accused of doing things they haven't done. The community doesn't care that you are learning the game. Contrary to other games, where other players are helpful and friendly, the community of this game will jump at the chance to ban you from the server for no apparant reason.Tips to avoid being banned:-play games in your region (to avoid being kicked for high ping)-do not play builder as a new player (chances are you will be accused of ""digging shops"" or ""griefing"")-do not mess with fire, bombs, or any other variation of"
,Not Recommended,219830,32667909,Posted: 22 June,all,Nightstick24,"I haven't played a whole lot, but the game's pretty empty. On all the servers combined, there was below 30 people on at one time all of today. Generally spread across 4 - 6 servers. Seems like it'd be a fun game if you played around with a bunch of friends and were a little drunk, it's physics and gameplay are very funny, but it's singleplayer isn't worth playing.Upon joining two different servers I had people flame me for being a noob and proceed to troll me to death, then kick me, so my attempts at multiplayer play weren't all that successful. Another time I was trying to figure out what this weird looking machine thing was, accidentally took something - still not sure what - and had someone spam me to death with all caps death threats - while I was apologizing for being a noob and trying to fix it. They followed me around spamming me for a bit, then kicked me. I was beyond confused for the vast majority of my time on multiplayer, as it's quite different than singleplayer, the tutorial covered absolutely nothing in multiplayer, and there aren't any real instructions anywhere. It's definitely a learn as you go game, which would be fine if people didn't start screaming ""Kill yourself"" while following you around trolling you when you tried to learn...Main points:- Don't expect anything from the graphics- Don't expect many people to be on- Expect to laugh quite a lot- Expect mean or trolling teammates- Great and stupid sound effects- Interesting classes, that look pretty neat, actually.Overall, it looks like a funny game that has the potential to be entertaining for a little while. I wouldn't buy it at full price, there's just not enough to it at this point to warrant the full cost, but if you can snag it on sale for a couple dollars, there are worse games that you could buy."
76561198095499242,Recommended,219830,31794043,Posted: 16 May,all,Coroz,"Amazing pvp game,With the concept of easy to learn hard to master. its freaking hard to become a good player in this game. If you love pvp games i would say try this out. Also ask for help if you dont understand something,  most people are more then willing to help you out.score : 11/10"
76561198088947777,Recommended,219830,22990695,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Smokey The Rogue Cabbage,"Forget Battlefield, forget all those shooter Minecraft clones, this game is THE KING of building and destruction. The absolute carnage of a capture the flag game is amazing, watching towers fall to the ground and piles a corpses dot the barren battlefield is almost whimsical. Please give this game a shot, it needs more players really bad, i would recommend getting it on sale though. Overall King Arthur's gold is a really fun chaotic 2d multiplayer builder, it's something you can just play on a bored weekend day or play for hours every day overall 8.5/10"
,Recommended,219830,12742139,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Han Shot First,Can Land Surf on a shield11/10
,Recommended,219830,23756262,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sokeri Peruna,"King Arthur's Gold can be described as a mix of Teamfortress 2 and Terraria. And it's pretty damn good.King Arthur's Gold has two main game modes wich you can play. Capture the flag. And Take the halls.In Capture the flag (CTF) you have to in co-operation capture the flag(s) of the other team and bring the flag(s) back to your own flag(s) to win.In take the halls (TTH) your team has to capture and control all the halls on the map to win the game. At the start of the round each team controls one hall and there are 3 uncaptured/neutral halls on the map.The gameplay of King Arthur's Gold consists mainly of building up your base at the start of the round and attacking the enemy team's base and defending your own team's base. However,  how these goals are accomplished varies from class to class.While playing King Arthur's Gold you can play as 3 Different classes wich are:The BuilderThe builder(s) is the back bone of the team. He along with other builders is responsible for building traps and the main base for the round. Builder's can build all kind ofsexyawesome things like ladders, wood blocks, wood doors, stone doors, stone blocks, spikes etc. The builder is mainly played defensively but can be played offensively.The KnightKnights are the primary attack force of the team. They deal damage at close range to enemies with their swords. They can also block incoming things with their shield like other knight's sword attacks and arrows. They also specialize in explosives. They can use bombs and ""Kegs"" which are big bombs wich with you canALLAHU AKHBARcause massive damage to your enemies! The Knight is a combat oriented class and is almost allways played offensively.The ArcherArchers are the support units of the team. They are the squishiest class in King Arthur's Gold but they can cause damage with their bow with a wide assortment of diffirent kinds of arrows to tackle diffirent problems. These f****rs all have grapling hooks and they can climb trees so they are very agile. Archers can be played offensively or defensively depending on the situation.King Arthur's Gold is a great team-based multiplayer game and I think that if you enjoy things like Minecraft, Terraria and Teamfortress 2 then you'll probably really enjoy King Arthur's Gold."
,Not Recommended,219830,7939625,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,CB Betelgeux,"It's a nice concept. As soon as I saw the graphics, my childhood popped in, when I loved all kinds of cross-section books. (Like Stephen Biesty's Cross-Sections Castle).Unfortunately the gameplay - while it has the potential - gets booring really soon, in like 2-3 days. The building aspect of the game works great in terms of engine technology, but the balance between building and destruction is like 1:10 to destruction. It's too easy to destroy anything you build, so people usually don't take time to build nice and strategicly planned forts, because  it's not worth of your time. The game is much more about bruteforce and not creative strategy."
76561198067112780,Recommended,219830,17816470,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Alfreton,"King Arthur's Gold has something that few other MOBAs of this type can replicate.Sheer, utter chaos.The Terraria similarity only goes skin-deep, as the only things this game has that makes it similar to the popular platformer are the ability to build and the art style. The latter keeps things simple, with enough expression in each of the three classes to make them distinguishable, yet not overly complex, whereas the former is a stroke of genius.At the beginning of each game, you and your team will have a short space of time to construct whatever you deem effective in staving off the enemy. Teamwork is essential, as a good castle is perhaps more important than good combat skill. Once the match starts, sheer hell is unleashed.The ground between two bases becomes a warzone. Makeshift wooden structures are built only to be destroyed a second later. Knights use their shields as makeshift gliders to parachute into the midst of the war, archers hang from trees and walls, sniping anything wearing a shirt that isn't their colour, and builders hang back in the base, pixelated faces cackling as they toss a boulder into the enemy or pefect a foolproof deathtrap.The games are fast and furious, but what elevates it even further from other MOBAs is the drop-in / drop-out feature. Is the other builder overruling your suggestions for a space tower and is nicking all your gold? No big D. Just leave that game and enter another. Are you having trouble fighting, or even surviving more than thirty seconds post-spawn? Fine! I'm sure your skills would be valued in a new game. The seemingly obvious issue of everyone leaving as soon as the tide turns is obliterated by the gameplay, however; fortune never rests with one team for long. As such, this game is often my go-to for fast fun before I need to go somewhere and don't have time to be locked into a thirty-minute game, the threat of my status being diminished should I leave constantly hovering behind the 'quit' button.In conclusion, this game is fun, moddable and a great long or short term solution to the MOBA hankering. In my opinion, it's worth every penny."
76561198081450332,Recommended,219830,12661380,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Iso Koala,"I am not a big fan of competetive multiplayer games, but this game is pure gold.Its also an example where retro looks are making the gameplay better, and are not there for just for the sake of looking retro. Every object is easily recognizable due to them, and gameplay is fast and focused.My only grief is that the game is pretty hard for newcomers, and for people who are not skilled in competetive games... Everyone just seems to be better than me, and I am only a supporter and a spectator in the field of skilled warriors and builders. ´´´  But once in a while I capture the flag myself, and feel like a hero doing so!"
76561198069098054,Not Recommended,219830,14435721,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,J.D.Malingerer,"Fun little game. Lots of kids though. You'll come across ""go away my stone"" kind of mentality and random votekicks if you tick off a wrong guy - server admin or one of his friends, and that would suck because there's only one or two servers that's worth playing in in any given time. I might be late for the party. Would've recommended this game when it first came out; despite some annoying bugs it still is a very well made fun multiplayer experience. Now, Feb 2015, no.Pros: Fun! - and a ton of stuff that other folks have written about which I wouldn't bother to repeat.Cons: Not too many people playing it nowadays. Primary demographic seems to be 10 year olds whom grief and votekick people for tryingh to help them win the match. Official servers might alleviate this problem but they are practically empty."
,Not Recommended,219830,7856605,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Shaunbear,"Great game, great idea, poor community. I would've recommend this game if not for the community being absolutely terrible. Every server I've been on (might just be poor luck on my end) I've been trying to ask for help with what to do, where to build as a builder and not just die for no real cause, but instead I've been greeted with the usual ""F YOU"" ""NOOB GTFO"" or ""GG MY TEAM SUCKS"""
,Recommended,219830,22345673,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,BarsukEughen,"Look at my playtime, brah"
,Recommended,219830,27900501,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,IrriNinja,"Nominated for ""I thought this game was cool before it won an award."""
,Not Recommended,219830,25792442,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,*Yuki*,"UPD 29.09.2017. Now you also can getchat bans on official serversfor complaining about useless teammates (which is true for 95% of time). Well done, literally the best possible thing to do, in order to revive this game!----------------------------------Actual review below----------------------------------Yet another game, killed by lazy devs and salty communityKing Arthurs Gold. Someone said,its Team Fortress 2 of terraria-like games. I, personally, remembersChivalry. Whatever - this game is trully inspirited by these titles.Its same multiplayer mayhem, as tf2, but also with knights and ability to build(but, mostly - destroy)stuff. Sounds fun? Sure it is - watch on my hours.But, as we all know, empires always fool. Same happened with this one. Whilethis game used to be fun, now its...Whats Good In This Game:+ True Skill-Based Action. If you think, that 2D pixelated sidescroller cant be skill-based - I have some news for you. This one is. Feel free to grab archer and literally fly over map with your hook, while noscoping others. Or chase knight and use your shield as snowboard and parachute at once. Or go builder and... Well, just go builder.+ Thousands Of Modes. Well, not thousand. But, following vanilla ctf, tdm, tth (its about checkpoints) and challenge (not sure, should I list it here or not, as nobody plays it anyway), there are enough of community-made ones to spend your time. Zombies included.I think, thats all. I didnt say anything about graphics or physics, cuz its will be subjective for everyone. Anyway - things, listed above, are reason, why I've spent here 500 hours of my life. Since then, I ll talk about why I left it. So...Whats Bad In This Game:- Optimisation. If you will look on system requirments, you will notice, that itscpu-bound. And, when you will launch game 1st, there will be30 fps lock. For reason.This game is heavily unoptimised. On other side of map fell tower? Enjoy yourlagspikes, fps dropsand, if you uses mac or linux - sweet noises inside your headphones (as devs said - its glitch, caused by middleware and they have nothing to do with that).- Lazy Devs. If you dont know, there was game before current King Arthurs Gold. Now you can search for it on youtube by adding ""classic"" to its name. Know what? It still has more content, than current kag. But, ever if you didnt play this, there are lot of features, left unfinished -singleplayer campaign is joke, someold vanilla game modes cut offto mods, cuz devs didnt maintain them, etc etc.And thats not only problem. Lemme tell you fun story. Once, when I gave up with these glitches and lags, I've tried to check, is there any limit to them. I didnt use any bugs, hacks, or something else - just built lots of ladders and then broke em. Server crashed. Then I made shrug face and came sleep ""I didnt use anything, that isnt in game's mechanics, right?"". Know what? Server was offline for a week.OFFICIAL EU SERVER WAS OFFLINE FOR WHOLE WEEK AND NOBODY GAVE A ♥♥♥♥, UNTIL I REPORTED IT. Nuff said.- Salty Community. While most of cool people gave up and left, current community isoverfilled with salty kids.  As someone said, ""dont do anything, they dont like, and they wont ban you"". But its impossible, cuz looks like they dont like literally anything.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------100% leggit list of things, you may be kicked/banned for:1. Reporting teamkiller2. Killing teamkiller3. Fixing glitch4. Killing admin. Happens only on player-hosted servers, but who knows?5. Building♥♥♥♥♥♥6. Removing♥♥♥♥♥♥7. Being rude with someone rude8. Calling rеtarded team ""rеtards"". There are some people, who always act as SJWs and can cast votekick only coz they dont like you or your criticism of dirtspikes/swasticas/wooden towers, teammates constantly build.9. Being AFK10. Not being AFK. Basically you need only one guy, hates you, to summon votekick. With 95% chance, most of people will vote 'yes'.11. Causing game to lag. Again - as I said, you dont need to be nasty hacker to do that. Just break big tower or flood map - server will lag, people will cry. And votekick you, yes. Or ban, if you was unlucky to be on player-hosted server with admin online.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------As you can see -almost everything here counts as grief and follows kick or ban. Just like if all salty people from valve's competetive games made party and you suddenly was near.So... King's Arturs Gold. Its used to be fun little competetive game for those, who are bored enough to constantly rush b or take mid. For those, who prefer skill over paid stuff. Well,its used to be fun. Its used...Long time ago.Did I enjoy this game?Just take a look on my hours.Sure I did.Can I recommend it now? Hell no.Empires always fool and time to bury this stewardess without mercy came long time ago. She was nice girl, but now slowly turns into rot. Go away, there is nothing to watch on"
76561198066269518,Recommended,219830,14085118,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,A cute baby monkey,"This is my first review of any game so I'm just going to start out with the basics.Pros:-Three diverse classes to choose from, each with there own specific roles.-Fairly easy to build.-Not much cookie cutting of any blocks.-Each block can be used for more than just its intended purpose, increasing the possiblities for building.-Numerous maps-Archer gets an awesome grappling hook!-Knight gets to blow people up!-Builder can drop boulders on face!-Diverse selection of vehiclesCons:-Nothing determines what players you go against (You could end up with team full of people who have played less then 5 hours of the game, Or end up against people who've played over 100 hours)-Toxic community-Steep learning curve-Controls aren't very good(If you spam stab as a knight to much, it will cause him to just keep stabbing over and over and over again till at some point he stops. Or as the builder, you try to destroy some stone on the wall, you end up destroying the ladder your standing on.)-Not very many game types to choose from(CTF, Take the Halls, Zombies, and Team deathmatch but barely anyone plays anything other than CTF)-Still a few pretty bad glitches (probably only for mac though)Summary: This is a really fun game that has a few rough edges, but still great fun with friends and random strangers alike. Unfortunatly, the community is pretty toxic and you will probably be going against pros most of the times (pro knights are such a pain, and are almost completly unstoppable). If you give yourself time to get good and can ingore the toxic players, then you'll really enjoy this selection!P.S. sorry for my bad grammar and spelling and less then pro game critic skills"
76561197962815814,Not Recommended,219830,7973988,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,your mother,Fun game utterly runined by griefers.  Players frequently join other teams just to destroy bases for their mates on the opposite team before joining back to their original teams.It is such an ongoing problem and the devs are not going to do anything about it.What a waste.
,Recommended,219830,12510487,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Armed Mosquito,"This game is epic, Its got a great player base to. This is a great 2D game if you enjoy player vs player with team support. So become a archer to defend your base from a far while letting other knights running in to mele. Or become a builder and help build and repair your defense for your team, theirs alot to do. And the different game modes are great, if you like building and team work in and dont mind 2d you might love this game!"
,Not Recommended,219830,28767803,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,IndustryStandard,"With a game centered around it's online portion, because that's the game. How the community is and the current playerbase is very important.Right now the community is insanely viscious to new players, the tutorial ingame does nothing to teach you about what to do online so you are screwed, If you managed to not be put off at that point but decide to look up help, then good luck finding anything updated or that applies to the modded servers, because those are basically the only servers with players.. kind of. Those bring forth new classes to deal with typically making the learning curve a friggin wall now.If this doesn't put you off then the playerbase being almost dead and still dying should. The games average playercount the past 30 days is 70 players across all regions. That's pitifully low and doesn't even mean all 70 of them are playing online or in public servers.So assuming you can even find a populated server, you are going to have to sacrifice to satan if you want it to also have a ping under 100 or you can't even hope for a good time.The problem is that with all these conditions you are left with an awful nearly dead communtiy for an online game. So no, I wouldn't suggest buying it at all, and I highly suggest you dismiss the 2 people on the forums still saying it's not a big deal just play during a 1 hour window where people in your region are peaked. Game is dead."
,Recommended,219830,34080093,Posted: 7 August,all,ajk1139,I have a particular set of skills...Skills I have aquired in a long career in siege weaponry...Skills that make me a nightmare to people like you...I will find you...And I will catapult a shark at you.
76561198119614661,Recommended,219830,24529330,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Trout,Only problem with this game is lack of players
76561198091592938,Recommended,219830,19724070,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Artorias The Owl,"King Arthur's Gold is a game that looks like a simple side scroller on the surface, but when you get to it for the first time you're throw in to a uncaring world where men, women, and other creatures fight each other in a brutal war over bits of land, and whatever else seems worth taking. Where if you don't keep your wits about you, you may fall in battle at anytime and there're always enemies along the way willing to fight you with such reckless hate that you may wonder why you bought Kag to start with. But take heart there're also those who would defend you, those who would fight for your honour, those that you will forge a friendship with that is so powerful it could only ever be made in the heat of battle.In short King Arthur's Gold is an adventure waiting to happen, with many friendships to be made along the way. All you have to do is climb board."
,Recommended,219830,16481529,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Enderzilla747,"I don't usually place a bomb in my inventory, but when I do, I go out in a bloody mess of me and my opponents. LIKE A WRAITH (Explodey Flying Skeleton from Gamemode mentioned under)Just look at my in-game hours. You need a pretty decent computer to run on matches with a medium amount of players. You then need a decentish computer to run on full servers, something I can't. Thank you 2011 computer.The enemy was at our castle loaded with bombs and archers firing upon us, I simply bought a keg, dropped it, and watched them all blow up in gibs. After that we kept on fighting...until the server got too big and I left.If you bought the game, made an account  and heard of the fabled Zombie Fortress Gamemode, DON'T go to that rubbish Zombie gamemode wannabe. Go to this website(https://kag2d.com/en/download). After going there CLICK  CLASSIC DOWNLOAD. Ignore the make an account. Then install KAG Classic, when it says ""log in"", log in with your account from King Arthur's Gold. This grants you access to the real Zombie Fortress. Ok it's old and things are different but hey, zombies, friends, put them together, Fun zombie survival and DEATH. (by zombie knight)Devs are working on another game called Trench Run and Interns left to do what they can. Update coming out real soon (as of the 1st Edit of this Review: 3/3/2016).Needs more optimization for the lower end computers and atleast Bug Fixes every while or so. Not some month apart. *THIRD OR SOMETHING EDIT* Update tutorials aswell.MAJOR NOTE: Multiplayer can be hard for noobs who can't grasp when your buildings are terrible, when you dont' know you can slash, or when you place dirt spikes without trap blocks over them. Many other bad reviews will complain about this, community doesn't increase as much because most new comers get washed out, game too hard for you. ALSO, PRESS F1, AND LOOK AT BOTTOM LEFT CORNER. IF IT SAYS ""hide help"" THEN YOU'RE GOOD TO GO. PRESS ESCAPE TO SEE THE ""CHEAT SHEET"" AKA CONTROL LIST. It also shows tips on how to utilize the classes in the bottom left corner. Use your eyes, and notice the details on your GUI please!9/10 would recommend this game. (Needs more Optimization and.... Frickin fix the Server issues man!)"
76561197998604619,Recommended,219830,7962655,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,thesaylorman69,"This is basically the best game ever. I pretty much get a game in every day. Its not very hard to get into and usually there is at least one helpful person in each game, so feel free to ask questions. I usually play CTF but there is also team deathmatch and Take The Halls, which is a cool, but I haven't tried much of it. This game is deffinately worth playing and I recomend it to all of my friends. Ill see you guys in game, and happy killings!"
76561198062666655,Recommended,219830,7765930,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,DumbOne,"This game stole my week and it looks like it has no intenion of giving any of my other games any of my time anytime soon. I  don't think the trailer does it justice, games are pretty fast paced and chaotic. You have to actually play this game to see how awesome it is. Don't let the ""offline singleplayer"" bullet fool you, the single player mode consists of a few (not very good) tutorials and a mini platformer-esque campaign. The meat and potatoes of this game is the online multiplayer. It's trial by fire on some of the servers but it doesn't take too long to figure it out. I'd recomend reading some of the guides here on Steam before you play as opposed to relying on the in-game tutorials. To wrap this up, this game is one of the best purchases I've made on Steam for any price, and they're selling it at a steal."
,Recommended,219830,12945764,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ACCBDD,Launched a shark out of a catapult.10/10
,Recommended,219830,29407465,Posted: 21 January,all,MRVN,"Being a person who is addicted to this game, with 151.2 hrs spent in this game, I think its safe to say that I can write a review now.Server BrowserSo, lately I have been experiencing a few bugs. I can't connect to servers, the ping measurement used to be bugged, but thats fixed. It gets hard to join servers after a while, so I have to restart the game. This is fine with me, but I feel that its possible for that to fixed and look forward to the patch for that, if there will be one at all.CommunityI found that at least 20% of the players in King Arthurs Gold are complete trolls, useless teamates, people who hate you, and those archers that stand in doorways. But thats only 20%, a small amount. And 70% of the time, the trolls are easy to beat; the voting system helps, and if there are not enough people who know your pain, just give the troll a bad day. AKA kill them over and over again. About 40% of the people I meet are absoulutely perfect at this game. They are friendly too.  The other 60%, however, are just cons. Useful, but not all the time. But to summarize this, the community is mostly great.ModsThe modded servers are great, especially the sandbox ones that are sadly gone as far as I know (they were home to griefers and trolls anyways) but for me, I feel like going through the hassle of putting the mod into your folder, then having to insert a bunch of commands, afterwards finding the mod can't be found, and then trying to find a solution for another month of work, and then you find out the mod isn't even compatible with KAG. Despite this, there are plenty of modded servers. And creators, if you are reading this, please implement a better way to use mod. I beg of you.Oh god, LAG and PING!I hated writing this, because these things ruin my entire experience and sometimes my day, and it gave me memories of those horrific times. So, my computer is LITTERALLY a potato; AKA A HP 19 All-In-One.(roasted amirite? no? k)but it runs very well, somehow. HOWEVER. There are large maps with SO. MANY. BLOCKS. This happens rarely, but it crashed my game once or twice. But this is only usually in modded servers. And sometimes there is lag outta nowhere. Im playing knight, I get attacked by another knight, and it looks like he jabs me twice and im dead. Sometimes, I play Team Death Match and I try to kill someone, it looks like he jumps over me and runs, but then when I attack what I think is an enemy, it turns out the enemy is fake and the real one kills me. Then theres...ping. In every server, it strikes at JUST me, seemingly. I charge a double slash, use it, but it doesn't hit, even though I was BREATHING ON THE ENEMY. It ruins my day 99.9% of the time, and 0.1% of that time is that I manage to ignore it.And remember when I said 20% of the community are evil?I actually get taunted because I get lag and ping, and that ruins my fun, causing me to complain a bit more. I even almost got kicked by it once. I was ""spamming"" even though I really wasn't doing anything. I was the person there who was bullied and votekicked, but no one knows who is the REAL problem.[h] Classes [/h]So, the three classes are all almost balanced. But there are serious advantages archers and knights have. Knights have OP jabs that can 2 shot archers and constantly stun, resulting in you dying without any chance to fight back. Archers can fire arrows at shielding knights when they are close and stun them, fully charged attacks from them can do 2 hearts of damage to those knights too, and when they aren't shielding they better hope they have all 4 hearts because that full charge attack from archers can bring a knight to 1 heart! This is annoying in Team Death Match, and on some maps they can camp somewhere very high and be nearly impossible to kill![h] The Vehicles [/h]There is one thing I love and hate; you can put a catapult on a bomber or warship and longboat! You can do the same with trebuche's. The fact that a bomber can hold up a massive vehicle like that both scares and makes me laugh. But there is 1 thing I have a complaint for, and its MASSIVE. The interfaces for things like trebuche's and catapults. I sometimes end up accidentally pressing E near one and, uh oh, its immobilized! We can't move it, and the base is far ahead. I also can't figure out how to use explosive bolts in trebuche's. It makes me sad I don't know how. Maybe enhance the tutorial?[h] Building [/h]The interface is a bit lacking. Mods for sandbox change that, but normal games like Take the Halls could use things like ramps, more transportation, better drills, and possibly more things like cannons, that can do explosive and AOE damage, but can't be moved unless on a boat or something. But thats only something I ask for. Another thing that can't be moved; mounted bows. You use it as defense, but you could use it for offensive, but its unable to be moved. Thats only a few things I have that I am not a big fan of.[h] More Gamemodes, please! [/h]There are only 3 popular default gamemodes, Team Death Match, Capture the Flag, and Take the Halls. There could be modern gamemodes that take place in the years 3460, where you have cores, space ships, med-bays and stuff! That would be really cool! Oh, and the halls could be research centers! Sounds like a great idea, does it not?[h] The End [/h]Despite the issues this game has, its remarkably cheap for how great it is, it has (almost) perfect physics and the game has so many cool things, but the building can be diversified, like the gamemodes should to.You NEED to buy this game, if you have a computer stronger than a potato that is. An Alienware one runs almost perfectly, and so does my potato! Either way, you need to buy this. Oh, and I forgot this game has a short but awesome campaign.10/10, would keg again."
76561198165332373,Recommended,219830,25093320,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Penkoffi,"Cool game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community"
76561198035936188,Recommended,219830,13710451,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Siroooooo,"Singleplayer: holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Im amazing.Online multiplayer: how do I walk?Easy to learn, hard to master."
76561198063889592,Recommended,219830,24926340,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,A Dangerous Driver,"I'm going to assume you guys know the basic premise of the game, so I'll skip the explanation and tell you guys how I feel about it.What I likeThis game provides very niche game play not seen in many other games. It gives you a fresh breather from the cookie cutter FPS games and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly simple and repetitive indie puzzle-platformers that flood steam. The satisfaction you get from watching multiple enemies die in succession to a simple spiked pit trap of yours is immense. Spamming arrows down onto your enemies from afar is sadistically cathartic. Blitzing with your fellow Knights into enemy territory, whether it be above ground or covertly through a tunnel, is exciting and chaotic. This game puts a whole new spin on PvP action. It's a great way to spend an hour or two listlessly clicking away at gory little pixels on your screen for fun. And it is fun.What I don't likeThis game is actually deceptively hard to master. And maybe not in a good way. The controls feel very clumsy and sluggish, like you're wrestling a cow while wearing a straitjacket with the left side of your body completely paralyzed. Mining is a sluggish ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I didn't mean to break THAT!"" wonky ♥♥♥♥ fest that somehow fails to be an effective point-and-click system that will inevitably result in you accidently destorying your team mate's projects and uselessly digging up dirt from time to time. The Builder must also deal with extremely agitating buidling mechanics. It takes practice to build the simplest walls and traps with ease. PvP as Knight and Archer are perhaps less broken but it can still be a little confusing to tell where you are aiming sometimes. Navigation is also a ♥♥♥♥♥ as the battlefield quickly deteriorates and begins to look more and more like Marvel's Apocalypse went to town on the map. Craters form and intricatel defenses crumble, leaving a messy nightmare-scape that is near impossible to traverse at times.Besides that there is the community. It can be best described as a senior citizen on life support. And not the cool senior citizen either, I mean the one that tries to guilt the nurses into ♥♥♥♥ing him before he dies and yelling at his care takers for giving him the wrong flavored pudding. The game's player base is very small and the few people you DO encounter can be VERY toxic and harsh towards new players; descending into frothing, seething fits of rage because ""yer breakin muh meta"". I'd say they're even worse than CSGO. You will get vote kicked a lot for simply exploring the game's mechanics and learning.""I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about your opinion... so should i get it or not??""This IS a relatively cheap game, even more so when it goes on sale. If you regret any one thing going into this game, I'd say it would be the community that's going through death throes right now. Living on the US East Coast, I am able to find a few populated servers at certain hours, and often times there will even be one or two full servers. My recommendation is to pick up the four pack during a sale, so you can goof around with some buddies going into the game. Anyway's I'll just tell you to buy it as you see fit since I really need some more people to fall into my spike traps."
,Recommended,219830,28599902,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,═SkullFace═,"I wanted to refund it before at 1.6 hours of play. It seemed to complicated at first. Really weird gameplay at first. It's not a Mount & Blade game for sure. But it has teamplay. Glad I didn't refund it. Really glad I didn't.It doesn't have too many servers, but you will always be able to play a full scale battlefield."
,Not Recommended,219830,26020345,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,harleyx,"I highly recommend anybody thinking of purchasing this game save your money. The community is tiny, most of the servers always empty, and there is good reason for it. Every server with a population is overrun by toxic players and enabling ""admins"", if you can call some of the kids they put in charge administrators. Admins enable their friends griefing, some of them grief themselves. The vote kick/ban system has no memory, so the toxic players just come back the next day even if they are removed one day for bad actions. No global ban list, no meaningful moderation by adults. The classes that were once reasonably well balanced are now unbalanced so badly a single player can hero-mode through entire castles/teams. It's really not worth any amount of money at this point, far better similar games out there - I would suggest one of those.This is an example of a game that could have been a fun, long-lasting 2d platformer. Instead it goes permanently in the recycle bin."
,Recommended,219830,18965069,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,leafy,Marry a bison and kill your enemies.
76561198062136741,Not Recommended,219830,25401031,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Afro Pirate,"This game is essentialy a multiplayer game. There is a singleplayer mode, but ultimately it's just a little gimmick without any real value, and the true juices of the game can only be found in it's multiplayer. Is it a good game? Yes. So what's the problem?The game is very fun, it offers three classes all with completely different roles, used in order to combat the other team. Well, it can be fun...When it comes to games that offer a compelling storyline or an amazing sandbox for singleplayer, multiplayer might not be such a big problem, and so servers aren't that big of a deal. But seeing as how this game focuses on multiplayer, there should be a few official servers for a few regions like EU, US, Aus, etc. But when you open up the server list there's only one (or maybe two at most) servers from one gamemode, or two at most. The rest are either completely empty or from another region meaning the ping is rediculously high and so unplayable. You can play on modded servers, but I'm talking about the official servers. I get it's not that big of a game but I still find it to be a problem.But then again, this isn't as big of a problem. What is perhaps this game's major downfall is the community. Again, if a game has a worthy singleplayer, then the community might not be an issue at all. But as you will most likely spend all your time in this game with other players it becomes an issue. A rather large one. You mightn't find any major issues with the community at first but as you play on it becomes more apparent. One issue is the community's dislike of 'noobs' or new players in general. They will often get kicked for mistakes evidently made because they are new, and on the topic of getting kicked, you will often times get kicked for the dumbest of reasons. Disagree with how a base is being built and try to change a bit? Get kicked for griefing. Start a chat with a teammate? Get kicked for spamming. And so on, so forth. The players often tend to be racist and intolerant if you disagree with them, again, sometimes ending up with you being kicked.To summarize, should you get the game?If you don't mind sitting around in singleplayer playing around with options and mechanics clearly designed for multiplayer, then go for it!Don't find the above issues a problem? Then go for it!Otherwise, no.You might be able to pump some hours into it but you will either love it or absolutely despise it.Now, this is coming from a person who has played this game pre-steam, in other words before it was released on Steam, so I would have played this game a lot more in the past."
76561198117195690,Recommended,219830,13369130,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,julbar25,"And I review this game again. After playing 100 hours. This is first game I played that so long.But I played some time without steam. Just on client that i downloaded.There is no rank in this game. There is no skins. There is fun.You play this game because you are bored, or you need some fun.The only thing in this game can be considered as an achievement was winning a greater stronghold .Or tilt the balance further victories on the side of your teams.And thats all.When you have to face a stronger enemy, dont go with him on a normal fight.You will lose. Just start to think. Try to get him into a trap. And ""skillz"" wont help him.And next time, when enemy gonna respawn. It will be easer. Dont ask me why, I just know that.And remember to flip a bird to all enemies. This will make them weaker. Really. 8)[and for sure no one will understand what I am talking about but OK]yay i am writing this for fun or something.This is what is making me playing this game since a 2013...Fun game.rly.buy it.do it."
,Recommended,219830,14067065,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Boolus,Accurate and realistic simulation of medieval warfare.
,Recommended,219830,24340951,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Evo!,"I was truely contemplating whether or not to reccomend this game or not reccomend it. There are so many detrimental points to this game that make it seem so primitive. Something I really adore of the community, is that they dont let go of a game that is already dead.  This game, as you may have saw from a trailer, is a primarily competetive game (99 percent of us will want this game for the multiplayer) but there are also single player modes. While, after 3 years of development, the game HAS improved, it is still buggy as all hell and they didn't bother to fix a lot of the issues with the engine. However, despite all this, what really drew me in to play nearly 400 hours was the community. Small, infact maybe 200 or less active players, but a mostly great and welcoming community that tought me how to play properly when I first began. I have not seen another newer player in some time. The game and community nowadays is 75 percent focused on the modding community. And for good reason. TranshuManDesign, the creators, have not botherd to update this game in months. So if you want to dedicate yourself to the community at this day and age, you have to be willing to play the same game over and over and rely on the 4 or 5 skilled modders to produce more mods for you to play. However, all good things don't last forever.Tl;Dr- This game will most likely not be updated any time soon or ever. The community is fantastic.Pros-Action Packed game which offers what it says it does in trailer.- Great community that welcomes new players politely and kindly.- Large modding community that keep the game fresh.- Single player mode for practicing and general fun.- 3 classes with entirely different playstyles.- Addicting gameplay with each map in official servers being pre-generated.Cons- Has almost as many bugs as it did in release form.- THD (transhuman design) Will mostly likely never do a content update on this version of the game (i am implying they might make a KAG Reborn  or Sequel)- THD has essentially moved on to other games, like trench run. A game I enjoy a lot, but was a fail on launch because of laziness.- Community is dead and small. In some parts of the day, servers are baren.- Awful engine that is outdated. Crashes frequently, cannot change screen size from game. Modding is buggy.- DDOS attack on servers a few days ago is still plaguing the community and myself. I can OCCASIONALLY come on, but on other times it crashes.So. Would I reccomend this game? Its a tough choice. All in all, it is still a good experience if you dont mind the cons. A bad experience otherwise. So, while this post says reccomended, I suggest you choose for your self from what you have read."
,Recommended,219830,24765310,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Mookie,"This game is one of the best games ive ever played, i have 60 friends who play this game and over 1000 hours. so you should buy it:)"
76561198286208699,Recommended,219830,31777307,Posted: 15 May,all,Wayne,Is good. But needs more people.
76561198183810505,Recommended,219830,33534554,Posted: 14 July,all,MrPerson123,This game i would rate a 6.8/10PROS===============Great gameplaySmooth ParkourAwesome BuildingGood Weapon Balance/Class Balance================CONS================Not Many PlayersLots Of BugsNot Worth $9.99(i think it should be around $5.99)I Would Recommand Buying This Game
76561198058552491,Recommended,219830,10358684,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Stranger Danger,"This game is an amazing game to play and is even more when playing with friends! The gameplay is fast paced on most the matches and will keep you on your toes for the whole match (even if the match goes on for a while). Building adds a slice of creativity and destroying it and seeing it fall to the ground is like an incredicle feeling and sight. To most this game is like Terraria, but is more dependant on the pvp aspect and there are mods in it to extend your enjoyment on the game such as zombies, new weapons and new vehicles. So now all that is left is to... Build your defences, defend it, get it destroyed, fight and repeat!! Have Fun :D"
,Recommended,219830,18881846,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Akenøaki,"Damn son. Where'd you find this?This guys, is the best game I've ever played so far.If you like games like Terraria (speaking of the graphic), then you'll love this!I bought this game in the sale, but damn, it was so fun that I had to buy itfor 3 friends,too. And I dont regret it.Day 1: (Bought on this day)I played it like 2 hours, it was okay.Nothing special. It was just a hard game.Day 2:I bought it some friends so I can play with them.It was okay, at first they didn't like it,too.Day 3:I played it again, I got a lot better and my friend too.It started to make fun.(Evening) We couldn't stop to play!It was so ♥♥♥♥ing fascinating that I bought a server to play with friends!Suddenly my friends loved this game, too o.oDamn, I wanted to sleep early to play this even earlier, same feeling for my friends.Day 4: We. Cant. Stop. Please. Help. Us.Sorry for the long review, but it was so wonderful. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198053686045,Recommended,219830,29491256,Posted: 25 January,all,"Jan, zoon van Jan","Only people who play games, play this game."
,Recommended,219830,16282746,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Jensai,"Great game and I would recommend it to anyone that wishes to play a team-based sidescrolling medieval mashup.You best have a good internet connection, though, as there is a very brutal ping-ban system on every server. Play wired."
,Recommended,219830,12161338,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Maltager,cool game
76561198030544033,Recommended,219830,12814374,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Noonga,Store a bomb in your own base. Super ninja climbs your castle wall and picks up bomb then runs into your spawn and blows self up. intense action 10/10
76561198073743820,Recommended,219830,16800366,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Whisper dan,Awesome game.It has a megaman X (SNES) feel to it.
,Recommended,219830,30513062,Posted: 14 March,all,Sherbert Moon,"It's a nice enough game with a cute, pixelated artstyle.Can run on a potato, if that's all you've got.The community is small, but dedicated. There are often at least 2 full servers to choose from.My advice: don't expect much from the other players, and try not to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself.I'd say it's worth full price, but it might be best to wait for a sale if you're not sure.To me, all this game needs is more players."
76561198062816164,Recommended,219830,31585821,Posted: 6 May,all,Evonix,"Great game, compleatly worth the price, bit hard to get the hang of though. It's really amasing to watch the map be twisted to the players will, it becomes practicly unrecogniseable after just a few minuts of a few dosen engineers swarming over it."
,Recommended,219830,11054874,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Bafooba (soontobeback),Wilhelm Scream simulator.
,Recommended,219830,25588555,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Jens,"Side-scrolling, base-building and base-destroyingmultiplayer madness with a surprising amount of depth - don't let the simple graphics fool you. Difficult to master - and a lot to take in for new players - but as you learn to contribute more and more to your team you're bound to experience many epic, glorious, hilarious, as well as frustrating moments. Worth every gold coin.10/10 would be catapulted into the enemy base with an explosive keg in order to capture the flag only to get mauled by a shark on my way back home again and again and again and again and again..."
76561198079367936,Recommended,219830,26535882,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Faydens,King Arthur's Gold is one of those games where most people you play with are a lot better than you. The first few hours of the game are fun and hilarious but after a few more hours the hilarity rubs off and you struggle to get the same enjoyment. If you get enough practice and learn the ins and outs of the game you can enjoy it once more but only if you pass the learning curve.
76561198022160104,Recommended,219830,28871708,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lifebinder,"Best 2.50 euros i've ever spent. Tons of fun, but a bit unforgiving to the new players.. Just stick through it and you'll have a blast!"
,Recommended,219830,28690093,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,katooosha,"In what other game can you use a trampoline to jump right over an enemy bases' walls, slay 5 knights and 3 innocent builders, then have the builders destroy their own tower just to have it collapse on you?"
,Recommended,219830,7931018,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Cap,"Ever ask yourself, late at night, ""What would happen if Terraria had physics, cool explosions, and shirtless man princesses?"" I know I do. Especially the shirtless men. KAG answered that question."
76561198052597254,Recommended,219830,28862129,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,John,"Loved this game, put about 30 hours into it.  Just got banned from a second server for firing a water arrow too close to friendly units.The fan base is about 100-150 people cap players.Only about 2 servers are stocked with players at most times, usually only 1.The moderates are too powerful, ♥♥♥♥ing over the tiny base of players that actually play.I'm done with this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219830,8206247,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Jaroslav Wazowski,This game. THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. I love it. 10/10.
,Recommended,219830,30319422,Posted: 4 March,all,LLAMAPILLAR,"How most games of KAG usualy go:Build phase,first rush,center becomes no mans land,push after push is repelled,builders dig tunnels,tunnel war started,team gets to gates, map gets skipped because it's ""ruined"""
,Recommended,219830,14376278,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,[₪] Canadian Jesus,Most fun I've had gaming in years. Totally addicted. 10/10.
,Not Recommended,219830,28953087,Posted: 2 January,all,Jeffafafafa,"Terrible, terrible, terrible experience in this game. It's a game where you can sit down and play for an hour or two. Great mechanics, great everything, except for the community. I was playing on an EU server earlier, with a certain admin who was really getting to me (tell you who later). So, after every round ends in CTF, people usually start ""griefing"" all the buildings and structures made. This doesn't really count as ""griefing"" because it's the end of the round, and your team/the enemies' team has lost/won. I was doing this exact same thing after the blue team had a huge comeback, and all of the sudden I was frozen by a moderator. His name was Kazaco, one of the admins for that EU server. He called me out for griefing, and I responded saying everyone else is doing it, why is it just me and why am I even frozen? He leaves the game due to a connection issue, reconnects, and says the same thing: Griefer. I told him the same thing I said before he left, and he just didn't care about what I had to say, the only thing he cared about was that he was admin, and he had more power than me, a player on the server. His final, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ desicion was that I was to be PERMANENTLY BANNED FROM THE SERVER. That's right, PERMANENTLY. This is what he and the players said to me before I was banned. He unfroze me, and permanently banned me from the server.This is absolutely stupid. I don't know who made this guy the admin, but it was a TERRIBLE choice, especially because his first language isn't even English. It's important because EVERYONE ELSE speaks English. I'm at a loss of words now, this is definitely not the experience you new players want, correct? Yes, correct: You would not want to be banned for an extremely unfair reason (BANNED OFF OF OPINION, NOT FACT).DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. THE COMMUNITY IS 99% TOXIC AND CANCEROUS, IT IS NOT WORTH YOUR TIME. FOR THE PAST 239.4 HOURS I'VE PLAYED THIS GAME, I'VE NEVER HAD A WORSE EXPERIENCE THAN THIS. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED."
76561198109756452,Recommended,219830,34097573,Posted: 8 August,all,PooManCHU,"Hello Steam users this is my first review. please disreguard my 34 hours played, as i have alot more than that just not on Steam. King Arthur's gold is one one the most fun Indie game i have ever played, and has givin me endless enjoyment, i have benn playing this game since it was a free 2 play back in 2012. BTW is is going to be ramblesingle player has never been were KAG shines and half of it's just a tutorial. ithe meat is the multiplayer pvp. that being said there and alot of modded servers with alot of gamemodes. back to the pvp though i would descrobe it as hard to learn and impossible to master. like i said up top i have been playing since 2012 i have pick up some skills over that time, and i think myself to be a above average smart player.  i have learned 90% of what is possable within the game.Now here is how that Impossible to master phrase come into Play  Players have gotten so fast including myself that it now seems that we have broken the animation system KAG when you are in a heated battle you will often see players with a stuck sprite. or even worse as they start pulling off some wall push slash to attack you thay did it so fast that the animations couldnt keep up and just skipped frames. and thats just animation bugs.theres also ping issues. KAG is one of thoese games were you need good ping, if not for yourself than for those around you, it's called warping!! or teleporting, you will do this if your ping is over 100, and even 100 would be pushing it if you wanted a 100% fair fight, say in a TDM 1v1. if you are ever wonding why poeple are yelling at you check your ping, your probably connected to a server on the other side of the world. people will call you a high pinger and yell at you even if your not a compleat noob, BTW i onlt play in AUS KAG servers so i dont know if it's the same overseas. i keep to my ping zone, as you should is KAG.KAG combat should have defined critera, for things like speed required for a slash to break a sheild and the nonsense that is slash collisions, i have been playing since 2012 and i still cant work it out it just seem to me to be random. becasue of how ramdom it seems to be i have come to saying Geti's golden speedos be with you, as i little joke.Now i want people to understand that i am not talking about slash timings i am talking about slash collisions, when two players hit each other at the same speed and thay relsese there slashs at the exact same time both should die, but no is the split seconds befor those slash hit Geti's golden speedos roll a dice to see who wins.It may seem like im hateing on this game, i am not i love this game, my feedback i belive is constructive and it is how i show my interest, i wouldent be writeing a review about a game i didnt care for. i would like to point out that the bugs i told you about do not occour often enough for it to riun your fun, far from it.Now onto the state of the comunity, it's not dead far from it theres a fourms with modders map makers myself included and general game talk, there also an offical discord server and also an AUS KAG discord server aswell is clan discord servers, speaking of clans we have had three seasons of MLK major leauge KAG. so there pleanty of comps if you have the skills. speedos be willing of corse.and the last section befor the summery, Noobs. if you are a noob Im assuming that youve gone builder as anything else at this point would be foolish. if you know nothing dont be sheepish ask for help, DONT build without asking for help unless you want to get yelled at and maybe kicked as a griefer, KAG is skill based and takes no♥♥♥♥♥♥ a new builder can ruin a base without even knowing it, if this happens the team will most likely lose the game. so now you can see how it might angery some of them, if you ever want to just test out a consept base Dont build it in a mulitplayer server, thats what sandbox is for, it's not very creative but good bases useally stick to the same formula and and very too much from the tried to true, as the new useally doesnt work as well, the ingame tutorail is not the best we all know it, the real tutorails can be found on the fourms i will ike them for ease of use,https://forum.thd.vg/and here are some good youtube guides of the basics the fourms guides are more advanced  if you dont like readinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N16H8Rj7lbwhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPTZphAVBEIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmwDgcZL45Uhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFmmE_2yjQQsummery great game, buy it. you wont find more entertainment for such a small price tag. counelnt recommend more"
76561198042676409,Recommended,219830,11873351,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,4zK,every death sound is wilhelm scream10/10
76561198033515300,Recommended,219830,22479953,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Moonman,"Transfering the charming ""Soldier"" pixel art and wreckinball mechanics this flawlessly, made it very easy for me to enjoy about 200+ of this title. If you ask yourself if its worth the money, i tell you its a steal if youre even a little bit intrested in it.Also the community was 90% amazing, even with a dedicated roleplay server wich i enjoyed tremendously."
,Recommended,219830,7960545,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Swordly,Extremely fun and challenging game. Perfect for people who love PvP and oldschool 2D graphics at the same time
,Recommended,219830,9694352,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,long wood bow,"Best multiplayer game. It is too great and I can't make words.To the first, KAG has three classes. But them balance is very good.Builder can building. Builded blocks isn't just broken by knight and archer. So Builder is good defender.And, builder can help friend's moving by dig mountain or tunnel, or build bridge, and can help friend's fighting by build workshop.But, builder is very week. So knight and archer must defend builder.Knight can melee attack ,block the attack and use bomb.Knight's shield can block arrow. So enemy archer can't kill knight easy.But, if when knight try to kill enemy by melee, knight can't use shield and archer can kill knight easier.And, bomb can destroy block, huge jump, and kill enemy in the air. So Knight is inportant to attack enemy.Archer can ranged attack, ignite wooden block, destroy far block, and move faster by using hook.Archer is week when short range battle. But bow can interfere with the enemy knight.If when enemy knight try to kill friendly knight, knight can't use shield.If you shoot arrow to enemy knight who using sword, enemy knight will be stunned and friendly knight can kill enemy knight easier.Hook can climb the wall. And fire and bomb arrow can destroy blocks from over.So archer can annoy enemy builder.If builder is low, enemy can break your defence easier.If Knight is low, you can't push enemy defence and enemy can push your defence easier.If archer is low, knight can kill your friend easier.It is very good team if team balance is good.To the second, multi-player game of a building and the battle is often lacking in the importance of the building.But KAG's inportance of the buildings is very good.Knight can use shield and across enemy easier.And archer can use hook and across enemy faster.So you didn't build defence, enemy can capture your flag or hall easier.But, we have many way to break enemy defence. It's good game balance.Last, this game's bgm is very good.Quietly but mighty music very matches the view of the world of the game.And, it's made from some music clips. So we can listen music in accord with the scene."
,Recommended,219830,9835298,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Napoleon Bonerparty,"I made a shark and a bull fight.(And there's the amazing gameplay, but that's not as important)10/10 game."
76561197972360286,Recommended,219830,28020376,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RuthlessChicken,"Nominated for the ""Best Use of a Farm Animal"" award in the Steam Awards.This is the most played game of my 11 year old Steam Account.  180 items in my library and I constantly come back to this game.  I own an HTC VIve and play wearing the headset.It's a simple but deceptively complex game that I can't get tired of.  10/10,"
,Recommended,219830,8411724,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,056goonin,Awesome multiplayer game.
,Recommended,219830,28988955,Posted: 3 January,all,Oxameter,Really steep learning curve but fun game.
,Recommended,219830,32053569,Posted: 29 May,all,Joello 💾,"Classes: Knight, Archer, Builder. Small but active community. Dynamic gameplay. Easy to start, hard to master. A lot of freedom. Mods. It is kept fresh by many small features that you are unlikely to catch onto quickly. No microphones, but discord is an option. KAG lacks team based strategy and team communication. I don't believe the classes could be made to rely any more heavily upon each other without ruining the experience."
76561198127147620,Recommended,219830,30436455,Posted: 10 March,all,botsy1,this is the best game I have ever played dont look at the hours. truley my favorite game I love the blob tipe graphics a the modding community. it may be hard at first to get the hang of it but in the end it gets so easy with the simple controlls. have played over 500 hours and some games can last up to 2 hours of a stalemate till youre wall is turned to rubble by A GOD DAM KEG! Overall you should get this game it is so fun. The emotes are fun same with the bodies explodinglolwhy I type here no one knowsGET THIS GAME NOW OR COOKIE MONSTER WILL BE SAD
76561198101743301,Recommended,219830,8205403,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Jakez2012,Very fun for the price. I expierence a little lag but overall am very impressed by this indie game!
,Not Recommended,219830,21767321,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jernfalk,"I saw the videos and screenshots, looked at the price and decided to risk it. The game certaily looked a lot of fun and has very interesting mechanics. However, it offers close to no single-player gameplay and relies completely on it's multiplayer, which can be resumed by being on the same room as people who play this for eons and can snipe you without a thought. Only buy if you are interested on being repeatedly murdered by all kinds of things without achieving anything at all before your 1000th death."
,Recommended,219830,11100463,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Meranera,Ragequit Simulator 2014
76561197972825721,Not Recommended,219830,8634600,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,PaladinHeart,"At first this game looks very promising. It's a pity the only included single player campaign is designed only around the Knight.Multiplayer will actually play out much like modern FPS games. Yes, there are rocket jumping knights in this game. Here are the unique abilities of each class:Archer: Grappling Hook, Charge Attack (fires 3 arrows if you keep clicking), Fire 4 arrow types (normal, water, fire, bomb).Builder: Mine, Build, Deconstruct. Builders make all things including workshops to manufacture items for the other classes.Knight: Block, Charge Attack (breaks through block, usually killing the other knight if you know how to cheat, and I don't),Use Bombs (water and explosive), use heavy demolition, fly with shield (further with chicken), bomb jump, weaker deconstruct (knights can chop through wood and dirt, but must bomb through stone). They can also surf over rough terrain using their shield.As you can imagine most multiplayer sessions devolve into rushing for bombs and demolitions and then most players switch to knights because they are so overpowered. The game could be much better than what it is with a few simple changes to the knight (remove charge attack, have shield only block arrows and melee, make stone blocks tougher, remove supply drops). But as it stands the combat oriented players will win every time over builders and their traps.It would also be nice if you could make a custom castle or fortress and then use that at the beginning of every game rather than having to rebuild it at the start of each new game. Sadly I cannot recommend the game in its current state, which feels very pre-alpha to me.Edit: I forgot to add that very occasionally you will hear a strange glitchy (loud) noise and every member of your team will die. There is some cheating in this game. Be warned."
76561198086876665,Recommended,219830,11624746,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Sanguria,"Got the game, got pumpedFirst multiplayer match, got killed by my own wooden Building Of Beauty collapsing on top of me.9.5/10would Splat again."
,Recommended,219830,27891132,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Floke,"Bombs, kegs, mines, falling structures, fire.... yes.Edit: I hate this game, but I love it."
,Recommended,219830,16786688,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,JayBoy,"KAG is a great game and I have over 136hrs on steam recorded for it and would recommend it to anyone.However there are a few major things in the game/community that hold the game back:-Game-KAG's in-game report system:KAG's in-game report system is used to gain a vote from people in the game to do things from skipping the map to kicking    a certain player because ""they are"" doing something such as griefing or hacking. This system works on some occasions but widely doesn't. These situations are: Players not voting in votes causing unfair votes, Players skipping the map during the game because their team is losing or are about to lose, Players hurling abuse at a player because of something they built or because they feel like it causing the affected player to give a reaction back only for the player hurling abuse to use the vote system against them gaining votes from friends so the affected player gets kicked, Players who did not witness a suspected ""griefing, hacking ect...""player then voting themselves for them to get kicked, Players who falsely accuse another player of doing something and rally up support from people who didn't witness the event in chat thus getting the affected player kicked, Players who misinterperet someone who is trying to help the team thinking they are griefing thus getting them kicked. I have been falsely accused of doing many things from griefing to hacking in many of the ways spoken about above and many more that I would take years to write. Quite a lot of the above also ties into the bad side of the KAG community-Community-The ""Bad-side"" of the communityIf I somehow find I have 5hrs of free time to write the ""bad-side"" of the KAG community then I would happily rant on and on and on. However my language wouldn't be suitable for steams ""Rules and Guidelines"" They would make a new filter for customer reviews called: ""Help us"".=======================I will finish this review at some point=================="
,Recommended,219830,16487582,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kythos,"A very stylish and entertaining game; responsive and fun.A lot of entertainment value, you'll be laughing while building walls blocking your enemies away, or watching people fall into your spiky pits."
76561198061215144,Recommended,219830,34260828,Posted: 15 August,all,stone cold steve auschwitz,"i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game and the players and im nearby positive they both hate my guts too.but i love you more than i hate you, so i come back to play every day.this game gets me incredibly angry but i keep coming back for more, there is a very steep learning curve and if youre new you have a high change of being ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥by a knight who's jumping across the map with bombs, so stick to supporting your teammates until you become brave enough to rush with them to the enemy base.to win in this game you have to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and a ruthless one at that. but it's incredibly fun"
,Recommended,219830,28125442,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Melubnio,"Enjoyable, various and, i regret write it down, very frustrating concerning the multiplayer ( subjective ). King Arthur's Gold has been the only game that led me to be addictive. Every time i wanted to play it, there were at least some servers with a few players ( not like some other games ) and the possibility of adding mods on your own server makes it more enjoyable. Without forgetting all the game mode on the multiplayer. More info about mods here:Transhuman Design Forum.Final vote: 8/10"
,Recommended,219830,14187997,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Clev,King Arthur's Gold. This game has quickly become one of my favorite games. The best way I can describe this game is Terraria with objectives. Honestly one of the greatest time killers I know of outside of massive amounts of heroin.
,Recommended,219830,19283180,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,epsilon,One of the best games I've ever played. Looks♥♥♥♥♥♥but takes time to master.
,Recommended,219830,9163771,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,GlitchyRobot,"Fun, but you will die a lot."
,Recommended,219830,10192007,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,✵,A very fun game but sometimes a bit glitchy although it is still worth $10.00 USD.
,Recommended,219830,10976758,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,FranckyFox2468,This is like Minecraft but with actual gameplay!
76561198260001385,Not Recommended,219830,25121836,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Hans Hitler,The community has really fell apart I cant find games with anyone its sad how this game has fell apart
,Recommended,219830,16834485,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,TumedSm,Its very fun! I own a server my self!  A really popular zombie server!  Which i just really enjoy and have alot of fun with!
,Recommended,219830,16219976,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,oxfordconsise,1. flew from one side of map to the other with trampolines.2. Crushed 3 people with a shield.3. surfed with a shield across water.4. Randomly exploded.5. Got kicked.10/10 Would get kicked again
76561198081224114,Recommended,219830,33774855,Posted: 24 July,all,alemismun,"Its fun, thats all I have to say.1 - 2h battles with 2 bases and 1 no man's land extending from one to the other side of the map.A deathtaculus experiencie.I just suck at the game, its fun anyways."
76561198042555172,Recommended,219830,8895771,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Doomre,Really fun but also rage-inducing at times because of a tendency for players to be incompetent and/or extremely dickish. The gameplay is amazing and really fun but sometimes it is ruined by other players. I want more people to play although no more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥added in please.
,Recommended,219830,7930725,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Esmo,"Ol' fashioned soldat-like class-based game with construction elements. Multiplayer requires some practice. Still, game very funny with addictive gameplay."
,Recommended,219830,12645078,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,CheekiiBreekii,"This game is really fun mix of terraria + chivalry with great building physics, if you looking for  game you want to just pick up and play somtimes or even just have a bit of fun get this game."
,Recommended,219830,18127423,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Spooky Ougi,"One of the buggiest and most broken games I have played. What? you're asking why I recommend it? Well, I have met many good friends on this game and it is mainly multi-player only so making friends is one of the perks of this game."
,Recommended,219830,17479394,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Biurza,"Lots of people say: It's like Terraria!... God damn you're wrong... It's absolutely different... I'm just too lazy to explain, just buy it... It's worth it!..."
,Recommended,219830,26722053,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ㄈØÐΛ,"NEED MORE PLAYERS, THE GAME IS FRICKING AWESOUMUSUSSJMSOYSY"
76561198061047568,Not Recommended,219830,17024771,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,I'm Dave,worst. game community. ever.1st server - got banned for no reason (i just joined the game and played for 45 sec)2nd server - got kickbanned for helping (i tried to support unstable building)The game is really fun when you find a good group of people but this just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.
76561198045109184,Recommended,219830,7628920,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Bush Wookie AKA Riven Main 69,Terraria and battlefield had a baby creating this awesome game which challenges and brings your friends together against your enemy's
,Recommended,219830,18437121,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,FunATuns,"This game is a great game. The commutity is on point and once you get the flow of the matchs down, it becomes an action strategy mess of swag. I highly recomend to anyone and there moms."
76561198086940534,Recommended,219830,9371508,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,U-Mos,This is a DAMN fun game!
76561198048950447,Recommended,219830,10315732,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,SeñorRubio,"In this era, there are very, very few games considered ""New"", or ""original"", without taking key gameplay elements/codes/graphics/other from a different, more popular game.Thankfully, King Arthurs Gold (KAG) is one of those few.In no other game I have played can youThrow sharks at peopleBlow things upShoot your enemies bodies back to their base... with a catapultBuild thingsBlow said built things with said bombsShoot a bow like a shotgun (Screw physics!)And last but not least-Tunneling right underneath an enemies castle, and watching in awe as such a magnificient structure comes tumbling down from some stategically placed kegsAs you can see, this game truly is unique- It carries graphic styles and building mechanics from previous games such as Terraria, without actually ""Stealing"" what those games already have done.This game has many strong points, but unfortunately many weak points, however small. Like every other multiplayer based game in this era, it is expected that the community is terrible (which is very, very sad), and KAG is no exception- With incompetent allies, moronic chat-spammers, and annoying griefers, this game has its fair share of community troubles.But that is not something the developers can control.Some other main complaints about this game are things that the developers CAN control, such as useless kegs (update months ago caused them to be virtually unusable outside of getting shot out of a catapult, but even that can go haywire after a simple arrow can shoot the keg off your back), and weakend ballista bolts- Seriously, 2 shots for 1 bolt? Now that I think of it, though, these really are my only complaints- everything else is generally balanced.As for the good things, A lot of them I didnt list- For example, you can do things such as launching your best friend straight into enemy territory via catapult, crashing down enemy towers (Just for the awesome physics of this game you should buy it), and taming sharks- thats right. TAMING. SHARKS.1 last thing before I sign this review off- There is seriously a lack of players in this game right now- What happened to the 5-or-6 full servers ay any given time? now hardly anyone plays Take the Halls, and when someone does it rarely exceeds 10 people.Rating-Gameplay: 10/10Graphics: 10/10Community: 10/10Fun-Value/Value for Your Money: 10/10Uniqueness: 10/10Total- 50/50Verdict-This game is seriously worth the money- You will get every penny you put into this game out in entertainment. There is no reason not to get this game, for it is just a small $10, which is just 2-3 skipped Starbucks coffee. You will seriously enjoy it."
,Recommended,219830,10779851,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DerpoTheGreat,Very fun. And kegs go BOOM...
,Recommended,219830,8185459,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Birthday Zak Light,"King Arthur's Gold, or KAG, is a game set in the Dark Ages, with common controls. It currently has three available classes, Knight, Archer, and Builder. The Knight has a sword and shield. You can hold down to have a strong sweep, or click for a simple stab. Holding down the left mouse button long enough will result in a glimmer which signals that you can make two strong sweeps. The Knight can also purchase bombs, which help destroy terrain, and water bombs, which stun enemies. The Archer has a bow and grappling hook. The grappling hook has a range of about 7 blocks, and pulls the player towards the block it has latched onto. The player can also move and climb while latched, and can also fire arrows. The archer has multiple types of arrows, including fire, which can set fire to wooden structures and players, and bomb arrows. The builder has the ability to build traps, obstacles, fortresses, and large-scale weapons such as a catapult.I personally enjoyed KAG, not to an addictive rate, but I still enjoyed playing the small campaign, creating in the sandbox, and playing multiplayer. There are modded servers for KAG, which I have not currently tried as of yet. I think it was a fairly good game, but would not reach my top 10. I recommend it for my friends with weaker computers, however, because it has fairly good graphics, small world generation, and high FPS. I do recommend this game, but not as much as some others.~Your friend in the background, Zak"
,Recommended,219830,8274364,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,CowboyDan,give geti your money
,Recommended,219830,10075539,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,♪∿♫ R I B S T E R,"Never gets old. The Mechanics, the combat is all great. Easy to learn, but so hard to master. I love the look, the controls are really simple, and the gameplay is endless. Every game you play will probably be different. Its really one of my favourite games on my list."
76561198189299774,Recommended,219830,28330891,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Chobani,"Hello,Just wanted to say that it is a REALLY good game. I always play it in my free time and it is extremely fun (mainly explosions,falling structures and even the players' personality).Also I think it should be more recognized by the community.I can't think what would make it even better so:Thanks and GOOD JOB,Pedro."
,Recommended,219830,8011648,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,🎃💀SPOOKLETAIL💀🎃,Me and four friends got this when it came out and we haven't stopped playing. I get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everytime! 10/10 would set off keg in my own base again.
,Recommended,219830,19381564,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lord Arcanis,This is honestly a great game. It requires actual skill though it may not look like it. There are so many great servers as well like Aphelion's Roleplay and shiprekt. Servers that i've spent dozens of hours on and still am not bored with. Though the only bad thing about the game is that not enough people play it.+10 for great gameplay and servers-1 for lack of people9/10 would play a server till 6 am again
,Recommended,219830,34339728,Posted: 18 August,all,The Spoopiest of LizardTrollz's,"Pretty good game, only problem is that more people don't play it. I personally find it to be very fun to play solo or with friends, my only complaint is that it is sometimes hard to find full servers tho not imposible. Server browser is very manageble and is easy to figure out. I would rate it 8-9/10 simply due to the aforementioned occasional lack of players."
,Recommended,219830,13795160,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Asian Street Meat Adventures,"I absolutly love this game, smooth gameplay thats constantly update, nice 8 bitt graphics with an awesome soundtrack to boot, only problem I can see in the game is there is just not enough people playing multiplayer, constantly bumping into the same people which isnt really an issue, but my advice is buy, buy, buyPro+Smooth gameplaySmooth learning curveHours of funSick soundtrackCons-Need larger online community"
76561198051717662,Recommended,219830,13023788,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Stren,"Great game, played before it was on steam.My favourite thing is the archer grappling hooks, so much fun to swing around the map."
,Recommended,219830,12755360,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lemon,This is a really fun exiting 2d battling games it made me feel like i was in the medievil time. 9/10
,Recommended,219830,16481841,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,JamesDaGames,"One of the most fun, unique, engaging and enjoyable multiplayer experiences you will ever experience. It is an even better experience when playing with friends.It is a must buy and in my opinion it is well worth the full price."
76561198128457551,Recommended,219830,27976810,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,La brosse a dents d'outreterre,vote for this awesometimeless game
,Recommended,219830,9806077,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,bi0nade,"This game is amazing! There is lots of things that u can do in this game! And it's way more fun by playing this with friends! Everybody who love pixel, fighting and building games, should buy this! :)"
,Recommended,219830,14489331,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,d o g s,This game was WAY worth a buy!  I've put hours and hours of time into this wonderful game.  All the fighting and explosions are really cool!  Even though im not a huge fan of pixel games this game has made me one!  The animations are smooth and nice with the pixel graphics.  This game is a little hard at first so ask questions to other players about how this game is supposed to be played.  This was my first review and i hope it helped infuence your desicion.  thank you for reading this and have fun in the world of KAG!!
76561198057406222,Recommended,219830,14301857,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Brub,More levelution than BF4 10 Burgers out of 10
,Recommended,219830,14721427,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,The 3rd Degree Pi,"One of the games a steam user must buy.This game is great, there's three different classes: The archer, The knight & The Builder.They all have their special attributes. eg. The knight has a shield which you can protect yourself from any direction, you can also 'glide' and surf on water for a brief amount of time. The archer has a grapple, that's actually the only thing i've noticed about this class really... BUT!!!!!!!!!!!! it is a great class none-the-less, it is my favourite class so far. The builder i haven't noticed much aswell but you can build and that is really usefull to your team.What would make this game so much better is a bigger community (and that's not the dev's fault, now is it guys?) It's just not many people have heard of it and they should be encouraged to buy this and have massive games that will write history or something...So I'd rate this game 9/10"
76561198079576860,Recommended,219830,8791160,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Samthesniper,"This is the most Crazy,Insane,Fun game you will ever play....EVER!"
76561198071512446,Recommended,219830,16313076,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,seigfried,"Great game,Every match will be different and with tons of great mods and servers there is always soething to do. You can join straight up ctf 16v16, fun small matches of ctf, zombie servers, sanbox, or ever rpg servers.10/10"
,Recommended,219830,16365666,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gandalf_The_White,"Good game, but there are still some buggs. From outdoor it looks simple, but when you download it... You play it for hours!"
76561198150292456,Recommended,219830,31203756,Posted: 17 April,all,๖ۣۜAlexandrubrancu1,I have no words for how awesome this is.BUT the fanbase is almost gone.If you whould like to play something like this then go play Iron Armada.
,Recommended,219830,34052589,Posted: 5 August,all,Wakisashi,"There are some pro players of this game and you'll find out how challenging taking them down can be--rewarding when you do though! Being new to the community is going to be a steep learning curve for many. Sometimes I helped my team out, but sometimes I just felt like I was extra fodder. Read some guides to help you learn how to be a better player and to be more helpful--especially in team matches. Game certainly has some depth, and most of it wasn't obvious for me."
,Recommended,219830,12560475,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,VineFynn,"A fun mix of Terraria's building format and a relatively simple combat system, this game requires no real effort and can be played on a short attention span."
76561198034396876,Not Recommended,219830,34095645,Posted: 7 August,all,Blue,"There's actually a lot to like about KAG. It's not revolutionary, with every mechanic you see being something you've seen many times before, but it's all combined in a way that offers a good theme and potentially a fair amount of fun.But, the servers ARE mostly empty. And the game doesn't necessarily offer good balance of play (It's much faster to destroy than build, and very easy to get past most enemy fortifications, making for a generally unsatisfying game for Builders, one of the game's 3 classes). It's a game that's hard to be good at, that mostly only has a dedicated playerbase left, meaning it's a VERY unfriendly environment for newbies.It's a good-enough game, and I've enjoyed it intermittently over the years. But it's past it's prime, and for a multiplayer game of this particular kind? That's actually a pretty serious issue."
,Not Recommended,219830,13595307,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Schwender.exe,"i bought the game, but it says i don't have the ""full version""  i havn't played this for so long, and they changed so much, the archers have no mobility anymore, climbing is a hastle and you move slower now."
,Recommended,219830,7964239,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,FFSoul,"There's no King Arthur and there's certainly none of his gold.  10/10 ""It was ok"""
,Not Recommended,219830,24143852,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,123,"I played for 2 hours with my friends. Suddenly a vote was cast to kick/ban me on an official server (btw there are no usa servers only EU and AUS so say goodbye to good ping). The vote was cast by my own team thinking i was afk. I was a builder 3/4ths of the way underground digging to the enemy base for a back door. I had already finished building a temp base where most of the fight was taking place but the brats were too dumb to notice. This game is ok but has a terrible community base in my experience. Shoot first ask later, nobody pays attention. Had teammates greifing my walls to get stone thus collapsing our own defense structures. No point in building when people greif. Terrible.."
,Recommended,219830,32770792,Posted: 25 June,all,JDFull,"Good game but due to lack of a playerbase, peak hours are the only time you will get into a full game with decent ping"
76561198147938484,Not Recommended,219830,33658272,Posted: 19 July,all,Moldy Turtle Burgers,"(tl:dr at end of review if you don't want to read it)Community is dead and what's left of the cesspool will relentlessly troll and annoy you for no other reason than ""you're a new player"".Whats ironic is that these are the people that are killing the game itself.On top of that, the graphics are a little to... ""fuzzy"" I guess is the best way to describe it. It makes it impossible to defrentiate who you are in a battle unless you are constantly focusing on your character which will most likely get you killed. UI is unintuitive and outright confusing to new players. Equiping items and using them is confusing as if you press spacebar it lights the bomb you have in your inventory. So if you hit space instead of the W key to jump you have to toss the bomb you just spent valuable gold on. This is especially frustrating when you are carrying a Keg, a bomb which costs ♥♥♥♥♥ons and can blow up entire buildings in no time.Even more frustrating than the overlapping/strange controls is the people with thousands of hours in the game that exploit it's mechanics to gain an edge in battle. So far it seems that the only people who still play this game are these people. What I mean by exploiting is that they use the terrain in ways it's not supposed to be used in combination with their slider-sheilds to gain speed when there is no slope, launch bombs much further than they are supposed to go etc. etc. Don't expect fair play in this game if you are buying it now.TL:DR; Community is outright dead. Newer players are alienated and bullied out of the normal playerbase. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ control decisions create frustrating moments that shouldn't be a thing in the first place. Graphics make combat frustrating as your character is hard to defrientiate from everyone else when there is an especially heated battle. UI is confusing, especially when combined with the controls. To make matters worse, what's left of the community consists of players with excessive amounts of hours who just exploit constantly using their sheilds to gain advantages other players don't have, essentialy calling it ""skill"". This is much like the ""human blender"" tactic many veteran chivlary players employ.AVOID."
,Recommended,219830,20903818,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Wolf,This has alot of bugs. This game is broken.But it's addictive for some reasonAnyone who plays kag on a daily basis knows what I'm talking about
76561198085872812,Recommended,219830,12487765,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Little Smeagol,Blew up the enemy base with a barrel of gunpowder.10/10 Would play again.
,Not Recommended,219830,13888412,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Some Guy,"I'm going to be 100% honest: It's a good game, but definately not worth $10. Really, it isn't. The game is only fun of you have a party (8+) of friends, not randoms, to play it with. There is barely any single player content at all, and it's a Team vs. Team type game which is why I said a party of friends, not group of randoms. I'm not into multiplayer games to begin with, and I was hoping it would have at least some single player content, but it doesn't. Just practice levels. The combat is VERY simple, building is as well. That was my biggest turn-off though. It's just hold click, or click. There aren't any different weapons or armor, no skill trees, and very little trading. I'll give the game some more time before I make a final conclusion, but I still will not recommend the game. It just costs too much for a barebones medieval tower defense game that requires 8+ friends in a skype call to enjoy it fully."
,Not Recommended,219830,15603201,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Spails,"This is a well built game, but I'm saying no for a couple reasons.Whenever I play this game, it's just a bunch of trolls destroying your stuff, team killing you, spamming, ruining things, and just being nasty in general. They make the game not very fun. I can't play this game in single player because it's not fun then either.Also, the game never has more than about 50 players on at a time. It's such a dead game."
,Not Recommended,219830,30458541,Posted: 11 March,all,Takito,"I loved this game. Suddenly, they implemented a feature that made it so you have to create an account (beyond me what the point of that is) and now I apparently don't own the full product and I am prompted to buy it again just to play. Absurd, I can't reccomend a game with trash devs who decide on a random whim to put in a feature that does nothing but create problematic issues just to play the damn game. Yeah, I wanted to play this game, but I'll sooner just give it up then deal with this tedious nonsense... Thanks for nothing, I rate this game a -17/10."
,Recommended,219830,16710138,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Nega Blazerino (Blaze-Kun),Be accused and banned for hacking when you're too good. 11/10 would be banned again.
,Recommended,219830,10420610,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Hamelin,This♥♥♥♥♥♥s good.'Das it mane. 'Das it.
76561198001650355,Recommended,219830,9779518,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Bakedsnake,"From the makers of Soldat.  Great game and great concept.  The game is great as is, but has so much potential, to be even better.Pros:-On the fly, tower/castle construction/maintenance, while battle is actively occurring. Placing a great sense of urgency on maintaining your stronghold-Research and development of weapons-Option to change classes without the need to wait for death-Attack from Land, Air, Sea, or undergroundCons:-Griefers sometimes ruin your experience and there isn't a great way get rid of them. Especially if it is a group of them. Voting to kick a griefer will get you kicked instead.-Setting up your own server isn't very easy (unlike Soldat).  The process is kind of convoluted. I've tried following guides, but the servers never appear to work properly.  Not sure if the issue is due to the Steam version.-Current version doesn't have map building/editor. (You must use the Classic version from the website, not available on Steam)-Some maps appear to be too small-Resources are some times too sparse.  Making limiting game play on a mapWants for future patches:  (If I can, I can learn how to properly set up a server/mod server, I will try to implement some of these ideas)-Tunneling based maps-Option for team damage (ie. prevent bomb jumping)-Option for Larger Maps and to be able to building higher. (This may also give more options to use Aerial equipment-Option for Short keys for changing equipment-More Building material options-More classes-More weapons/equipment options (ie. options to jump higher, besides trampoline/catapult)-Wish maps had more options to create pits-It would be cool to see an implementation of molten lava, may be create a volcano/geyser"
76561198018243293,Recommended,219830,10867699,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Liam,"I bought this game in a recent sale and I have to say that it was a great decision. This game shares the best qualities of Minecraft, Terraria and Ace of Spades. As long as you have a friend playing with youu or are comfortable making friends within the community then you'll have a good time.The game works by having two teams with three classes; Archer, Knight and Builder. The builder class is what makes this game unique as not only do you compete in objective based gameplay but you are able to make your own devious traps and defenses to impede the enemy. That's what makes this game great."
,Recommended,219830,11130370,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Xhotime,"Its basically like Terraria with a destruction physics engine and a hell of a lot more chaos. Mechanics are fun and pretty intuitive, and with the exception of the builder, is a good pick-up-and-play kind of game. Enjoy pitched battles, massive sieges, OP warboats, and dying to sharks.A/105 stars"
76561198015964611,Recommended,219830,16671717,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Killagore,"The only building fighting, chicken flying simulator! 10/10"
,Recommended,219830,12685858,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,By-Tor,Get this game. Right now.
,Recommended,219830,8441966,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Patrick227,"At a glance, this may seem like some kind of rip-off of Terraria, but after playing it for a few minutes, you will realise it is very different. 3 multiplayer game modes including:Challenges- Complete simple objectives in the shortest time possible. This isn't the best part of the game, but it has some great variety.Capture the flag- You get a set up time to create defenses for your flag including reinforced walls, archer towers, catapults, and explosives and different types of arrows. You can also prepare for the offense by building a few different kinds of boats to gain the advantage on your enemy. Use ladders, trampolines, and even catapults to make your enemy's walls pointless.Capture the Halls- This has all of the fun stuff from capture the flag, but you must research some of this (which is done automatically, the things researched are voted on by the team). Use your setup time to create a fortress to defend your halls, and to equip yourself to destroy your foesThere is also a single player tutorial, save the princess (a great way to practice), sandbox, and challenge mode.Also, Shark and Buffalo riding.Overall, a great quick-paced game. Though if you don't think you will like the multiplayer, I can't reccomend it for you as the ""campaign"" will last you all of 30 minutes."
,Recommended,219830,11113858,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Kerma,"I'm rewriting my review for KAG because I have so much more to say about it than I previously did.This game is fantastic. There was a point in time where it was rendered unplayable because of low player count, but it seems the steam summer sale fixed this issue. But be warned, this could happen again.That aside, this game is frantic, hectic, fun, crazy, and sometimes even frustrating. It's also anything but ""Terraria Fortress 2"" that my friends like to call it who refuse to buy the game. It's a unique teambuilding experience that involves planning, improvisation, and in some cases a powderkeg or two to completely flatten your enemies. While team deathmatch and capture the flag are not that interesting and end up being rushfests plagued by knights who just jump over everything, Take The Halls is a hilariously fun game that involves strategy in not only base construction but also in unit placement and research trees. And if you get bored of that for some reason, do not worry as the modding community has your back- maps like ""Zombies!"" scratches your ""attempt to survive against the horde of millions undead"" itch while ""Shipwrecked"" is a top down naval battler that is so fun that it almost makes me completely forget about Pixel Piracy. And these are only two mods that I played over the last little bit, this game has amazing replayability and should not be passed up.The only black spot on this game is the community. People for some reason think it's funny to detonate powder kegs in your base and destroy your ship in ""Shipwrecked"", but there is an easy to use votekick function that immediately eliminates them from the game and bans them for a short while. But that does not dock any points against the game at all, because it's not the game's flaw but rather the community upon it.9.5/10"
,Recommended,219830,16125175,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Combat Wombat,"My internet crashed once while playing it. Now, whenever I try and play it claims I have not bought the full game and will not let me play multiplayer. While the game itself is fun I'm giving it a bad grade simply because the support for this is terrible and the game menu is insanely buggy.EDIT: I fixed the problem by restarting steam... derp"
,Recommended,219830,15145655,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,"(-,..,-)(*,..,*)(^,..,^)($,..,$)",This game is essentially crazy fighting mixed with medieval warfare mixed with explosions mixed with shark riding! 15/11 -IGNhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/219830/
,Recommended,219830,9121149,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Khamûl,"Fun and very addictive game.For everybody who likes 2D Indie Platform games this is for you.3 Classes each with unique skills and weapons to fight in CTF,DDM or TTD."
,Recommended,219830,10890941,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,CapitalistNick,"Really good game, better levolution than Battlefield!! Anyways this game is like a Terraria 2D side scrolling style but it had a mixture of hardcore competitive PVP! I played this game around a hour and it felt like I only played a few minutes.  many things you can do in this game by being a Archer, Builder, and a Knight! the graphics style is very cool, and has a great backround! The Developers did a great job by adding Hostile Npc's in the game for exsample, I was swimming in the ocean with my friend then all of the sudden a huge shark comes out of no were and devours my friend! It's a fun feeling getting in a boat with a bunch of people in it then you charge out against the other team! In my honest opinon I give this game a solid 10/10 feel free to ask questions in the comments!-Shawn Spencer"
,Recommended,219830,11264946,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,W0KE,"If this game was a man, it could turn a straight man gay. Thats how good looking this game is."
76561198048995183,Recommended,219830,8724671,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,TheWiserKaiser,"8/10. Minor problems. You cant minimize (alt tab/ ctrl alt delete) the game. Everytime you do, the game screen moves down the screen. Also, the resolutions are not proper. My default screen display is 1080x1920, however, i must resort to much lower resolutions as the screen zooms to where only 50% of the screen is showing, and such, many selections are off limits, as i cannot move my mouse past my screen to get to the exit selection when it is 4 inches below my screen. Altogether a simple fix, this is a VERY good game that i would reccomend to anyone looking for high action team work based objectives"
,Recommended,219830,7638702,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Dr Potato,Dank
76561198094081690,Recommended,219830,8983319,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Tommin Sali,Nice combination of action and sandbox.Only - :is sometimes wery unbalanced teams but im gonna play this for a loooong time ;)
,Recommended,219830,10793535,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ein,"2013 Game of the Year, hands down.With apologies to Risk of Rain - it was pretty close.King Arthur's Gold is just absolutely wonderful. From the lovely chiptune music to the diversity of the classes, to the way the map transforms over time and eventually collapses into the ocean, it's an almost perfect red vs blue game and one of the best retro games I've ever played.There are only three classes, but what's so nice about them is they vary in playstyle, skill ceiling, and complexity. This is a game good and bad players can enjoy together. It's a game kids and adults can play against each other.The knight is essentially pick up & play, very easy to learn and difficult to cause problems for teammates while learning. The archer is a bit more advanced but allows for players still getting their bearings (or who just aren't very good) to stay reliably out of harm's way while still contributing to the team objective.For the advanced player, the builder has a complex range of tools, materials, and duties which are the meat & potatoes of this game, because it's the builder who makes the fortifications and defenses, designs the traps, determines the base layout, and is crucial to the infiltration of the enemy base. There is also resource management to consider here.All of this stuff can lead to long contests, and in fact the map can become so wrecked that there's a ""map ruined"" option under the vote menu. This slow destruction of the level is more fun than it sounds, though. If one side decides to hold out and refuses the reset vote, you'll see pitched battles underwater, hunts in the collapsing and flooding tunnel systems, and probably more drowning than you'll encounter in all your other games combined.The end result of all this delicious chaos is a rambling, relaxing mashup of Fat Princess, Ace of Spades, Worms, Terraria; and of course the great forgotten SNES classic King Arthur's World, from which KAG took much of its inspiration.I cannot lavish enough praise on this game. There's even a solid co-op zombie mod if you haven't tired of zombies yet, complete with deep base building and boss portals to destroy. It's a surprisingly slow-paced and often suspenseful take on the genre, the likes of which we haven't seen since Urban Dead. Certainly not for everyone, but worth mention.The rest of this game though -that'sfor everyone. Nobody should be without KAG. It's as good as multiplayer gets."
,Recommended,219830,11304552,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Distonic,That poor chicken...10/10 would parachicken into the enemy base again
,Recommended,219830,15591507,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,✪Twitch✪,"Well, I just have to say, has to be the best medieval game I've ever played. Literally, It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
,Recommended,219830,20239991,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The Pineapple Lord,"King Arthurs Gold Is An Amazing 2D Game. There Are Three Main Gamemodes, Team Deathmatch, Capture the Flag and Take The Halls, all equally amazing!There Are Three Classes, Archer, Builder And Knight. All Very Different!Overall This Game Is Awesome and should be played by more peopleI Rate This Game10/10"
76561198028276102,Recommended,219830,14536973,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Empty,"When I first watched the trailer for King Arthur's Gold, I thought Terraria PVP? While it differs it reeled me for what I thought I'd play for a bit.Not the case, I have 121 hours on record as I write this review, if you love build base -> fight and destroy, this game is for you. It's competitive on a small scale(ie only 3 classes, 3 modes) but it does it pretty god damn well.Oh and you can throw sharks at people."
,Recommended,219830,8955260,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dr.jaws,"Fun game , its worth your money. however i would like to note that the knight should have halberds ir something"
,Recommended,219830,10211420,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Samuelhuds,"What can I say? This game is utterly fantastic. Normally when you buy a game for 8 or 9 pounds you expect to get a few hours of decent entertainment before moving on, yet King Arthur's gold has a certain charm which draws you back in like a fish to a worm.The replayability is amazing, one game you might be a daring knight in shining armor, storming the enemy defences and claiming their flag.Next you are an archer, high above the battlefield swinging from tree to tree on your trusty grappling hook raining fire and destruction upon those who were born to stay on the ground.Finanly you a builder, brave yet smart, building tunnels and traps for your team on the front line, or providing shops for the battle-ready knights and archers to use at their disposal.What i'm trying to say is, this is the best pixelated multiplayer game you will ever play, unless ofc they release King Arthur's gold 2.The only bad thing about this game is certain members of the community who decide to ruin the day for others, and there are no beginner servers, so learning the ropes is hard, unless you ask for help! :) 10/10"
76561198071707138,Recommended,219830,12578758,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,nukkabob,"To be honest, this is the first review that I have ever written. But I have to say, this game is amazing! You play as a knight, builder, or archer and play one of several game modes. This game does have single player, but it's real glory comes from it's multiplayer. You and a team of other player band together to try and raid or take down the enemy team's base. And you can pretty much do whatever you can think of to do so! There is room for improvement of course, but so far I really like what I am seeing."
,Recommended,219830,7726525,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Bassy Boo,it is a really good game it just needs a single player battle so you don't have to go online and have choices of difficulty and it should be the same as multiplayer just not online and have online aswell
,Recommended,219830,7983784,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Bloat,To be honest i didnt think a game could be this fun for so little. Just hop on it with a few friends and you get an experience like no other. Has you cheering when your team pulls it around and starts winning or wondering how everything went so wrong when your losing. Time just flies when you play this game.
,Recommended,219830,13233249,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Markoh,This game deserves way more popularity for the amount of fun hours your going to have.
,Recommended,219830,21279803,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Top Hat,"This game is amazing.Its hard to learn but the community is very helpful and will guide you along, I strongly recommend it for its semi-relistic(if you can call it that) gameplay and fun teamwork experence.No 2 games are the same."
76561198100564019,Recommended,219830,11838209,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,HypocriticalHit,This game was AMAZING definitly play it. People say the servers are empty but the are NOT I can always find a server in under a minute! The vidoe is very acurate and it is a crazy team vs team game with explosions.
,Recommended,219830,7856017,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,NajaTheNaja,Awesome Destruction.Total Epicness.Much kill.Such Wow.
76561198045289741,Recommended,219830,13742979,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Taye106,"This game is amazing. In my first week of getting it I played 21 hours of it! Its incredibly fun and addicting. Each game you start off in a limited area with a couple minutes to build a massive castle, or a small bunker or just a huge wall to protect your flag/flags. Then it is off to the races. You can switch to a knight or archer to defend or attempt to attack their base, or continue being a builder to repair damages or go and attempt to destroy the other teams base. Soon enough your team will have built a catapult to launch bombs,  boulders, or fellow teamates at the enemy base, or a ballista to fire huge explosive bolts. or maybe a boat designed to ram the enemies. The maps are randomly generated so they will never get stale. Sometimes there's a massive ocean between bases, maybe a sprawling cave system, or a giant mountain. Flag positions are also random.  The classes are very well balananced. Each with a very important job to do and are able to effect a game dramatically. This game is also incredibly skill based. as a knight you must time your fully charged swing perfectly or else it will be canceled. Random swinging will not get you anywhere because it is easy to block and does low damage. As a reult, as a beginner you will do poorly for the first couple games. But once you figure out this games intricacies you will suddenly do much better. This game's community although not the biggest, is very good. There is always at least four servers that are almost filled, you will never have a problem finding a game. In my 21 hours of playing i have only experienced one griefer. He had to be kicked many times until he was either bored or banned, i am not sure how the system works. The rest are friendly dedicated people who are just looking to destroy some enemy castles and capture some flags. This game is a 10/10 get it now."
76561198122090743,Recommended,219830,10923507,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,sam17e,-Best game ever.11/10
,Recommended,219830,8467000,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,NrgXm,IN LOVE WITH THIS GAME! Top 10 games of all time for me. It's a blast. best indie multiplayer game period
76561198057278739,Recommended,219830,8639140,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Don Cheadle,"This game is like like a cross between Chivalry, Terraria, Ace Of Spades, and the team aspect of TF2. Sprinkle in some Chicken Simulator 2013 and you have yourself an entertaining game. 10/10"
76561198093806604,Recommended,219830,17048262,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Quesadilla | Trade.tf,"The game is fun in general, except the comunity is sh*tty and good.If you build something and someone else doesnt want you to build that, they vote you a ""Griefer"" and get you kicked out of the server and banned for 24hrs; on the other side of that there is nice and respectful people who enjoy giving help."
76561198118323079,Recommended,219830,18151138,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Pexium128,"KAG is a very fun game, with a huge learning curve. However, the community is small and not very welcoming to new players, I know this first hand, so be on the lookout for noob-only servers when you start playing, or read some guides on how to play."
,Recommended,219830,7906405,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,DJ Jamaican Bronana,"If you want to just want to crush your enemies by blowing up a tower and chopping them into tiny pieces, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,219830,7957619,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,InevitablyLost,"I have played minecraft, cubeworld, terraria and quite a few other games in that grouping. King arthurs gold brings alot of chaotic warfare the others couldn't so if you love building get this game and build a castle. Or if you enjoy fighting get this game and defend your friends castle or topple the enemy's."
76561198062562371,Recommended,219830,18694577,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,GanNL,Nice game but please do something with te servers. They kicking me because i had the flag and bring him to the base so we win.
,Recommended,219830,10825903,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Portal Jumper,Really fun yet it took me a while to nab the controls. Maybe im just dumb. 9/10
,Recommended,219830,13434815,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,{DAB} Kanye West,1/10 needs more weed
,Recommended,219830,15315448,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,dannyandy1996,"I wouldn't say its worth 10 dollars, but it's okay."
,Recommended,219830,8588258,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Silverfish21,Its like skyrim with destruction.
76561198038508512,Recommended,219830,8106730,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,BelizeanHomeboy,Pretty damn fun
,Recommended,219830,8132474,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,☺qwert23141☺,Best Game EVAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219830,8297195,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Will,A great casual game to play!
,Recommended,219830,8488242,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Deathsquadbob,"Love, Love Love this game.  I love terraria and it isn't that far.  It is hilarious like the description with Lost Vikings.  Plenty of fun with co-workers and friends to get in on this game and have hours of mayem and destruction."
76561198072332812,Recommended,219830,11624543,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Multivitamin C C C!,Pixel People Spontaneously Combusting.10/10 would play.
76561198080830871,Recommended,219830,12251106,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,General Squad Leader (lukemac),"IF YOU ARE BROWSING THE STEAM SHOP AND FOUND THIS THEN TRUST ME IT'S WORTH THE SEVEN POUNDS (that's if your english of course) THIS IS AN ACTION PACKED GAME WHICH WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH HOURS OF FUN YOU CAN MAKE BOATS AND CONTROL THE SKIES OR BE A FIERCE ARMY ON THE GROUND THERE ARE THREE CLASSES: ARCHER, KNIGHT AND BUILDER KNIGHT IS REALLY STRONG AND CAN USE HIS SHIELD FOR ALMOST EVERYTHING E.G Using your shield as a parachute. THE ARCHER CAN FIRE LOT'S OF DIFFERENT ARROWS AND HAS A GRAPPLING HOOK (useful for breaking into bases trust me) AND FINALLY THE BUILDER, THE BUILDER IS THE MAIN ONE HE MAKES THE WORKSHOPS (workshops are for making bombs ships and everything you need for fighting) AND HE ALSO MAKES THE DEFENSES WHICH ARE ESSENTIAL IF YOU WANT TO WIN so i hope you get the game it is THE BEST!"
,Recommended,219830,10849372,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Darknuke,"Awesome game that is essentially competitive multiplayer Terraria.You choose between 3 classes (knight, archer, builder), but builder is the deepest and most fun addition to this kind of game. As a builder, you gather resources Terraria style (chopping trees, mining rocks) and use those resources to build various things ranging from walls and doors to workshops and work benches. The latter can increase the number of things you can build significantly. Building things like drills for faster harvesting, catapults and ballistas for siege weaponry, and powder kegs to wreck enemy defenses (and boy do they).The tug of war combat is extremely fun, balanced, and fast paced, with matches lasting upwards of half an hour. You win by taking control of all spawning points and then defeating all enemy players. It's not a unique mode, but the gameplay around it is extremely addictive. You want to keep playing more matches because of how different each game feels.I recommend this to the creative builder type that plays Terraria. Playing this only for the combat can get boring, but focusing on building is extremely fun and makes the work you do feel useful."
76561198126546937,Recommended,219830,15074526,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,paulone,"Even through the knights and archers think they deserve all the glory, the builders are the true heros.    They may not be able to jump buildings or swing over mountains.  Without their mighty structures the game would be over in seconds."
,Recommended,219830,18343183,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Avada,"I used to play the classic version of King Arthur's gold which was more straigtforward and didn't have many 'interesting things'. However in this new version, it is much better as you can make so many things and be creative with how you build stuff. Basically, the only limit is your imagination. And maybe your ping xD. But that doesn't matter too much. I would give it a 10/10"
,Recommended,219830,8155825,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dzagnut,"Hell yes. Classic medieval fun! Sieges play out exactly as planned, game flow is fantastic. Nothing like having your impenetrable wall literally blown out from under you via explosive keg!"
,Recommended,219830,17215530,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,wrathofme9,"Really fun, I played it a bit and so far no complaints!Kids though, -1,....jk10/10 game."
,Recommended,219830,12252962,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,dodo,veryy fun but has a lot of buggs (that are being fixed)
,Recommended,219830,8616663,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Moose,King Arthurs Gold is A Great Game you Should Get It 10/10 100%
,Recommended,219830,7797454,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,☭Capitalist Goomy™,"King Arthur's Gold or KAG for short, is a PVP game wher you choose a class (In the vanilla game there are 3. The archer, builder and knight) and fight the other faction till victory is your's. Has a couple gamemodes but the game had a large modding community so there are dozens when u actually look at it. This game is fun, interesting and exciting and has many possibilities. This game has a co-op zombie gamemode and an open roleplay server ""Aphellion's Roleplay"" which I helped create. It is an awesome game and I would give it a 7.5/10, a good buy."
76561198038828918,Recommended,219830,8169489,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,cohort.foof101,Great game totally recommend it to all my friends who like medieval games.
76561198044194337,Recommended,219830,15559083,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Uororuram,gut game. sehr gut.
,Recommended,219830,14861963,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ryamu,"This game is about bombs and damn annoying archers, I give it 10  out of 10."
,Recommended,219830,7585364,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Smexy,"Very fun game, has a lot of depth to it and is a great attack and defense style game."
,Recommended,219830,21404024,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,moneytree,amazing game just add trading cards and achievments
76561197973639078,Recommended,219830,18663493,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[OV]DWC,"I would recommend this game, but I have a issue with the fact it thinks I didn't buy the full version. and I can't access multyplayer. And from what I have been hearing about the lack of good people in the community maybe I shouldn't. And I spent ten dollars on this so I purchased the game in my opinion :/ Are the steam versions not real versions?"
,Recommended,219830,10059066,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Black Mage,"Man, this game is really good for it's price, I would expect a game like this to cost more."
76561198042086224,Recommended,219830,9155679,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Olimarrex,An absoloutely wonderful game that is seriously adddictive. i most certainly suggest anyone who likes building things and fighting things. Like terraria but against people instead of ai. It also fills me with joy to know that its not finnished. Its a flipping great game already.
,Recommended,219830,12209710,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dr. Richard Mandingo,"The medieval side-scrolling epic nobody asked for yet was delivered. A fantastic team-based game which requires a lot of patience to master. Even more patience to trudge the long matches. This may be a downside for some but it is satisfying to fight to the finish, unless your team rage quits."
,Recommended,219830,34227687,Posted: 13 August,all,BetteerUsrarnae,"This game is pretty cool. The maps are really dynamic due to the fact everyone is always building, destroying, and tunneling to the other teams base. The gameplay is really tense, because you get 30 minute to 1 hour matches where you almost always think you are about to win, but then the game lasts another 10 or 20 minutes. The combat is good, and the player base is alright. The game does feel a little bit... unoptimized, and the art style makes it a little hard to see whats going on, but not to a point where it is unplayable. Some people say the playbase is dying, but only to a small degree. Overall, very fun casual or competitive game to play with friends, or alone."
,Recommended,219830,34313906,Posted: 17 August,all,Galdaran,"One of the funniest games I played to chill out sometimes. The first game I bought on steam, it was ages ago."
76561198102365199,Recommended,219830,34354141,Posted: 19 August,all,Kaerzi,there's nothing really like turning a match around by firing explosives from a catapult and then proceed to launch your teammates into the enemy base with that same catapult.
,Recommended,219830,16491214,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Danila Senko,зашибись
,Recommended,219830,10167169,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Lem,"This is truly an amazing game..With so many possibilties of what your team can build, it never gets boring. Massive fortifications and defences can be reduced to rubble with a simple explosive keg. Fire....I do love a bit of fire in a game, particually one like this. Emoticons make the characters seem even cuter...It is definitly worth buying!"
,Recommended,219830,11472146,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,JewHunter,"Ok this game is in my opinion AMAZING, the trailer says it all and it is very satisfying to blow up a building, kill a couple of people, make an awesome base. You will be pleased by this game. If you dont like multiplayer games dont get this."
76561198071242434,Recommended,219830,13938012,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Infamous Edge,"I would highly recommend this game, but only if you're willing to learn how to play it (like using Google to learn the tricks everyone already knows). It is very challenging just to master one class, but once you get an idea of your role and play it, the game becomes much more fun. There isn't a very large player base, but there's usually one to two servers almost full."
,Recommended,219830,13152897,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,polymesh,"Really nice game, perfect to play with some friends !"
,Recommended,219830,12028557,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,No Spanky 4 Me ソース,Went a Server and see a Guy. I leave the server and join another see the same guy. It happens again and again. They are chasing me....10/10 Tell Lenny I will have his Money next week
,Recommended,219830,12232422,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Goosho,"The title says it all, once you get past the learning curve you feel like a king.  If I had a friend named Arthur he'd recommend it.  And the multiplayer gameplay is golden."
76561198115576924,Recommended,219830,13655790,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tyto,"This game used to be one of the best I'd ever played. HOWEVER I will say that some mechanic changes and shifts among the community have caused me to stop playing altogether. Sometimes i will launch this game, muck around for 10 mins then remember why i stopped playing.That said, this is a very, very good game. The combat will drive you insane at first and the learning curve causes a lot of new players to give up, but get through it you will experience a time of pure bliss within the game. Stick with it and you will have a great time.9/10"
76561198042120701,Recommended,219830,11713533,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,l.,"Strange men in armor are flying over my walls, assisted by bombs, chickens, and hang glider shields.I desperately try to hide my flag beneath layers of rock, but it's not enough. They are breaking through.I make a last ditch effort to bring victory to my side, hoping my stone will last. I run to the other teams base.I break in.They grab my flag.I grab theirs.Now I am running, trying to beat them to my base. I meet them halfway.A battle ensues.Both flags are taken.I cry"
76561198111590860,Recommended,219830,15068304,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,aBigBadPotato°•·,so much fun i love to play it with my friends
,Recommended,219830,14774943,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Leaf,"This game, man is SO FunBuilder - You screw up other classes by building StuffArcher - SNIPER!Knight - You see me rolling, surfing on my sheild!30/10"
,Recommended,219830,8395526,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,CH3OH,This Game is Cool but return Zombie Survival
,Recommended,219830,22424703,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,wallace mcbagpipe,"A solid game, with a very small learning curve. Although it is lacking in features somewhat, if you manage to find a multiplayer match with a decent amount of players you will be able to look past that easily.Overall its a well priced, great game that is definately worth it if your looking for a fun multiplayer experience. 8/10"
,Recommended,219830,9353198,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Vir,"a great game for any age,let's join up and make this game a boom!"
,Recommended,219830,9775233,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Captainagility,FUN FIGHT BUILD ALL THE THINGS you little kids Like
76561198085038148,Recommended,219830,9313478,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Shanks,Pretty fun and addicting!
,Recommended,219830,7809382,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Silvas9087,"Been playing for about two weeks now, really enjoying myself.The servers weren't really there when this first launched on steam, but now that it's picked up some momentum I never have trouble finding a server with low ping.The learning curve is pretty steep and documentation is minimal; lean heavily on your fellow players and the tutorial to learn the ropes.As in Battlefield games, the online experience benefits from everyone playing towards the front lines. Builders who create strongholds three halls back from the front aren't helping fortify gains made by the engineers and swordsmen on the front lines."
,Recommended,219830,7993819,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,MythoGold,Fantastic!
,Recommended,219830,8323146,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Lo-fi Longcat,shoot a guy or stab a guy or get blown up and watch your hard work crumble before your eyes then toss your friend's corpse at  the bad guys
76561198089382532,Recommended,219830,9195088,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Benjamissme,"Very little game, but VERY fun, There is much more than you would think, in this game :)"
76561198096006867,Recommended,219830,8873045,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,jaysigan,"One of the best multiplayer games I've played.  I just stopped playing TF2 on my other account, and this game filled that space left by TF2.  What makes it better is the fact that it is an indie game!"
,Recommended,219830,23732168,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,quick crab (VERY dangerous),"Really fun! In this game, you have 3 main game modes: Take the Halls, in which teams battle to take small buildings which can be built onto to make defenses or produce goods that make attack easier with one starting base far away from the enemy team. CTF, in which, you guessed it, you capture the flag (or flags as some maps give the teams two flags each) and if you bring the other teams flag into your base, its an instant win, not point based. This mode is similar to Take the Halls because there is a lot of focus on building and destroying defenses. However, it doesn't really ever reach as much of a scale that Take the Halls has because there is much less distance between the flags then there is distance between starting halls, and seldom for any small bases or defenses ahead of the hall with the flag, there is really no buffer between the bases like there is in Take the Halls. It is still quite fun though, but I personally prefer Take The halls. Finally(?) we have team deathmatch. Its pretty self explanatory, it requires little set up and can be jumped right into without a whole lot of strategy. That is alright though, because the combat is good enough on its own. The game makes up for the lack of set up time to really get anything done construction wise by putting you in amazing varying maps, many of which have structures that use water physics instead of being extremely stone towers and buildings so when something breaks, although it isnt quite the same as watching a massive tower crumble to nothing under you and having to glide to safety using your shield into a battlefield now raging harder than before, the suddent rush of water pushing people every which way and completely changing the battle is a spectacle all on its own, even if less impressive. If you noticed my question mark after final, that is because this game has AMAZING mod support. Fret not though, you wont have to go online to find the mods for whatever server you want, it downloads them once you click on the server and agree to have some small mods downloaded. This is basically the same way TF2 works with its mods. These mods mean more gamemodes, characters, weapons, etc. based on whatever server you jump onto.Many video game trailers often don't represent the game properly. They advertise amazing cinematic battles, when really those moments the games boast happen so often they become common place are rare occasions. This games trailer doesn't represent the game well either. There are like 10 explosions in this video, any game of CTF without 50 is being played WRONG. And TTH, well i hope youve contacted your next of kin, because these battles last so long, not because noone makes any progress, but because there is always more progress to be made! Whenever there is a tower destroyed, there is always an underground route to be built to flank the enemy when they arent expecting it and give time to rebuild. Whenever a base is captured, the line of people seperated and picked off now respawn together, with a shiny new catapiult this time around! Every time a massive skyscraper of stone is finished off with an extra archers bay and new resuply buildings inside, a an explosive keg was just made and is now being transported through and make getting more shops seem a trivial issue. I love this game, its explosive, fun, and everything just works.Not a whole lot of people play it now, but there are a reasonable amount of people online in the evening and in the day. Good luck finding a game at 2 am or something tho."
,Recommended,219830,9033716,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Fror Firebasher,"""Ten dollars for a game that looks like that?"" you may ask. Well there's a damn good reason! This game is so addicting and has great, intense, multiplayer combat. You can be one of three classes in the normal game (un-modded) which seems like not a lot, but it adds to the pure simplicity of the game. You can be the knight, the builder, or the archer. Each class is good for every different person, builder if you like designing, an impentrable castle with many traps (and you cry when the enemy obliterates it), knight if you like gliding around with your shield and killing everything that stands in your way, and an archer to shoot your enemies from afar (whether it be luck or skill). Each class can be offensive or defensive. The builder is actually really dangerous when protected, as they can mine through castle walls and bring the entire thing down. The knight can act defensively, as they can just land on people outside the wall and kill them instantly. The archer is very easily both, if you get a good push going the archer acts as support, if not, the archer barrages the enemy knights with arrows. So there are the class descriptions for you. And I know this game looks like terraria, but it's not. Anyway, buy this game!"
,Recommended,219830,23034201,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Crevette,"Great simulation for sharktaming... But, if your a BISON LOVER there is no hope for you in here.Ok now to be serious:Pros-Good Graphics-Even with lag still playable-Great physics-Great modsCons-Animals are overpoweredAnd eversince this is a good and populargame allways expect griefers. (Especialy me)"
,Recommended,219830,9208045,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Hidalgo,Great Indie game.
76561198071098825,Recommended,219830,30962119,Posted: 5 April,all,theCollector™,"For me I have a considered amount of delay due to high ping, but yet this game is awesomelly fun to play. I just love this idea of building and fighting.''-Set up as warrior, sneak throught enemy base, rage kill builders''9/10"
76561198109073601,Recommended,219830,31471182,Posted: 30 April,all,Snappers,"Fun with friends and alone, over all great game for its price"
76561198073023079,Recommended,219830,31231665,Posted: 18 April,all,High Commander Daark,"Absolutely stunning mechanics, easy to hop into a server and rack up some kills. Doubt there are any games even similar to this."
,Recommended,219830,11093745,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Scythe Plays,"Quick, fun and chaotic!KAG is a multiplayer game at heart and offers very little for those that prefer to fly solo, but the fun and competitive multiplayer really takes the cake and rises above most other pixel games!To start out, KAG has three classes to choose from:The Knight can really push through a crowd if you've got the proper timing for his attacks. His shield makes whatever side is being blocked all but invincible, as a well timed heavy attack can bash through! You can also glide and surf with his shield like Lost Vikings! I'd say the Knight is the easiest class to pick up for beginers. It's very easy to start slicing through baddies with this guy and get in some one-shot kills.To a knight in the middle of combat though, the Archer is the preferred class and can snipe long distances, really putting the hurt on the enemy team! Their grappling hook helps them get away in a hurry and they can even fake being dead, so watch out!The final class doesn't get much attention in a standard deathmatch, but really shines in Capture the Flag!Bring in the Builder class, the real meat behind KAG! This little dude adds an entirely different play-style to the chaotic Knight and Archer classes, though there's just as much depth to the building aspect as the combat.His role is much more strategic. The Builder can build walls, lay down structures to improve a classes loadout and even throw together some very impressive spike traps and rake in the kills!The Builder is a bit less exciting than the other classes and has the highest learning curve. You'll have to gather resources for everything you build by digging up stone and gathering wood from fallen trees, so learning the proper amount needed for a specific structure is key!If you'd like to see some of the basic game mechanics, check out my First Look (it's a lot older than this review)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTYlN4485BI&index=7Overall I'd say KAG is a fantastic game! It's very designed and you can tell a lot of love went into this project. If you're into pixel games and looking for something fast-paced and fun in a chaotic way, this game is perfect for you! And the price can't be beat for the amount of content."
76561198133856451,Recommended,219830,13899563,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Pixen,"ok im sorta mixed with this game (mostly because i'm a noob), but if you are going to buy it keep in mind this game is one of those games that are harsh on noobs ( learn that the hard way), otherwise this game is very entertaining. countless deaths in this game.........countless...................."
,Recommended,219830,16485677,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Narak,I bought this game because it looked like fun.It turned out to be a LOT of fun.10/10 would trap myself and die again
,Recommended,219830,8673910,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,QuantumPencil,FUN.FUN.FUN
,Recommended,219830,8676509,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Pixels for Breakfast,"This is a game with many layers, and while it will take most people a few sessions to learn the timing and basics required by each class, with each subsequent session you will learn the nuances that King Arthur's Gold has to offer. The constant push and pull between the two teams is unlike anything I've experienced in quite sometime, and then they myriad of awesome custom game modes out there (zombie survival anyone?) will keep you busy for months to come. Grab a pack with some mates and find a fun local server to hone your skills.STORM THE CASTLE!"
,Recommended,219830,23920674,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Magna Carta,"Really really fun game, fast paced, chill and in the same time with alot action, imo something like terraria+tf2+mount and blade.Good for achievements also"
,Recommended,219830,22409725,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Quay-Quay Bussacap,"Awesome game, not a lot of players.Should get advertised more, this game is really great but theres just not a lot of servers to play on these days."
76561198147648719,Recommended,219830,24352053,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Jake Paul,This game was amazingEverything was so well madeSo much hard work put into itI rate 9.5 /10I recommend this game for anyone into online games
76561197971394225,Recommended,219830,25239808,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Hooskman,"I like the multiplayer, the free range on offensive and defensive tactics and the different game modes. This is one of those games that you can play when you only have 15 minutes. I come back to it every couple of months to enjoy.I dislike the teammates that destroy my towers."
,Recommended,219830,33301185,Posted: 5 July,all,:),nice game
76561197961326719,Recommended,219830,29168607,Posted: 10 January,all,Vala,"This game is Gold!Cons:-expensive-difficult-enemy destroys your castle-just a few minor uninformative graphical aspects (more later)Pros:-You get to dig-You get to build castles-You get to build traps and laugh at the enemies falling in them-You get to dig tunnels under huge lakes all the way behind enemy base-You get to blow up everything (especially everything the other team has built)-Fire arrows-BOMB arrows-SAW TRAPS THAT DISMEMBER THE ENTIRE ENEMY KNIGHT!-spike traps-boulder traps-mines-big bombs-being the best knight and slaying all the enemis in hand to hand combat 1vs7Sure it is difficult. Sure that one samurai knight kills your entire deam - twice. Sure everything you built was in the wrong place BUT!It is one of the best games. Graphics are simple but stunning. Interface is simple but perfect. The variety of things to do in each game is huge.I have played the game for some hours at the end of 2016 and the beginning of 2017 and there is usually always a full server of players on an official server.The one thing that could be fixed is that the graphic for the knights attack doesn scale with the attack range as it grows with the knights speed. It is very confusing when you get killed ""too far away"""
76561198052394726,Recommended,219830,7856815,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ChargingLocket,A Must Play Game
76561198105076704,Recommended,219830,23194878,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,RoyalNight,"Pixelated body parts flying everywhere.Glorious Mods Everywhere.Knights, catapults, ships, sharks, chickens,To good to be true with the price of 10$.Good game to play."
76561198015603049,Recommended,219830,32446029,Posted: 15 June,all,SuperflySS,"One of the best games I've ever played,spent many hours on it even though the community size is not as huge as it used to it's still a great game (Don't pay attention to my hours because they are not accurate)."
76561198124542159,Recommended,219830,14359731,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,MgSchutze,"I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe for pancakes instead:1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon salt1 tablespoon white sugar1 1/4 cups milk1 egg3 tablespoons butter, melted1. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth.2. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot. But really one of the BEST multiplayer experince you will EVER have"
,Recommended,219830,12459921,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Carver01,Do you like Slashing?Do you like Building?Do you like jumping of a build whille thinking you are a bird?Or de you prefer to cry in a coner because you team is bad and not you?Than this game is for you!! :D
,Not Recommended,219830,30891337,Posted: 1 April,all,Mercenary Leader,One of my all time favorites. Pooled about 300 hours into it about 2 years ago. I guess I took a break because i got CSGO. i came back and the community that I once loved so much.......Its a simple shell of what it used to be i found mabye one server that had a decent amount of people. Too bad.
,Recommended,219830,10818210,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,nightingale2k1,terraria meets chivlary and then this game born.10/10. must have
,Recommended,219830,10036676,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Blazers5505,Guys it's best game i have ever seen *o*
76561198142917961,Recommended,219830,12614805,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Kel'Thuzard,This game is amazing
,Recommended,219830,10578953,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Happy Humble Hermit,My favorite 2D online game. Awesome fast-paced combat and sieges.
76561198049341593,Recommended,219830,9280673,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Ｓｈａｄｉｌａｙ,"if you like team fortress, chivalry, terraria, starbound and/or retro legend of zelda style graphics then definatly give this game a try."
,Recommended,219830,10808482,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gnoblar_agency,"I came, I saw, I got eaten by a shark. 10/10"
,Recommended,219830,8727751,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,FatCat,amazing game
76561198007238812,Recommended,219830,8247564,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mortikai,great game
,Recommended,219830,8916788,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,MulchBucket,"FUN GAME, THAT I ENJOY, CAP LOCKS MAKE MY CLAIM.... ROCK SOLID"
,Recommended,219830,9587685,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Welkon,This game is absolutley amazing. I love playing this game and enjoying its brilliance.
76561198055377970,Recommended,219830,16497005,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Skylord_Karpath,The Best 2D Game!
76561198000336810,Recommended,219830,9646086,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,SkitzophrenicDJ,"buy this game, endless fun"
76561198022629274,Recommended,219830,7985320,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Writer,"Bought this on sale and it is amazing.. totally worth the money. If you enjoyed soldat then you can't miss this, there is just too much fun on it!"
,Not Recommended,219830,16335182,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Soren,"This game seemed like a great concept to me.That's why I originally bought it.I'd been wanting the game for months, and decided to finally purchase it during the Summer Sale.I launched the game, signed in, and completed the tutorials.The game's athestics are very nice, and while not ultra-realistic, they are polished.The game is executed well, too.IN SINGLEPLAYER.Build things, fight things, destroy your enemy.However, when in a Multiplayer enviroment which for me was the highlight of the game, things start to go wrong.I could not last more than 1 or 2 minutes while playing as the Knight or Archer class.Any attempts made by me were futile, as the other members of my team refused to provide any sort of help and essentially all tried to do their own thing. This led to me getting killed. A lot.That's when I turned to the Builder class.I was great at staying behind our front defenses, and helping to build more defenses aswell.HOWEVER, if one of your teammates doesn't like the way you set up a fort, or placed traps, they will take it upon themselves to destroy what you built, and place their own structures. If you are new to the game and don't have a lot of experience with setting up traps or building defenses, I suggest you STAY AWAY from Multiplayer for at least 30 minutes of gameplay. Familiarize yourself with how this game works, or you will be called an idiot in Multiplayer.This was my experience, and I hope you learn not to make the same mistake I did."
,Recommended,219830,15087937,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Dyhdo,Tastes like cheese
76561197971585622,Recommended,219830,8071122,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,°Xee,ES IST EINFACH SO GEIL. ICH BRAUCH EIN TEAM !
76561198044744088,Recommended,219830,8026166,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Mercury,Consume! Buy! Purchase this game!
,Not Recommended,219830,21045788,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DarkDork,"I's buggy as all hell, requires you make an.. Uh.. Account, I think? Gameplay itself is boring when you can even get to it.Looks really promising, isn't as good as it looks."
76561198036834461,Recommended,219830,13568335,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,arxaos,"this game is great i would highly recommend it to anyone diffinatly worth the money.lots of things to do from swinging around getting killed horribly as and archer, to raging about how the other knight managed to kill you even though YOU ATTACKED FIRST AND HE SHOULD HAVE DIED CAUSE YOU DID THAT WHOLE DOUBLE CLICK SUPER COMBO THING THAT IS MEANT TO KILL HIM BUT HE DOGDED WHAT THE HELL GAME I SHOULD HAVE WON WHY THE HELL IS EVERYONE SOOO MUCH BETTER THAN ME!!!!!!!111"
76561198061670823,Recommended,219830,15051210,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Yoppyx,"Pure Chaos, balanced pvp"
,Recommended,219830,13437078,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,bad wavedasher,people aren't idiots and i can destroy everythingsweet
76561198175709734,Recommended,219830,30040375,Posted: 19 February,all,FatCat808,"King Arthur's Gold (KAG) is an execingly fun game filled with fast paced real time battling, a skill based timing combat system, an armada of ways to kill your enemies, and a bounty of different ways to play. Thier are few bugs to mess with gameplay, and I found that every gamemode had something special to offer. I like the charming graphics, and my only complaint is that I prefer actual pixels. Although I've run into a large number of dipwads while playing :\. If you like fast paced team games like Overwatch, TF2, or Terraria, you'll probably like this game as well.I rate this game 8/10GRAPHICS - NiceGAMEPLAY - GreatPRESENTATION - GoodIts the only medieval, building, fighting, chicken flying simulator around."
76561198046969974,Recommended,219830,10796323,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Makeria,"VERY FUN, WORTH THE SALE ITS ON. i FOUND IT TO BE CUTE AND ENJOYABLE."
,Not Recommended,219830,13132569,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Just A Magic Bagel,"isnt what turned out to be...had to make an account just for multiplayer ,singleplayer sucks i hate theese knds of games where they dont tell you everything you need  I tried my steam account for the multiplayer so don't go whining that i make no sense"
76561198042408843,Recommended,219830,14876459,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,cannibalrobot,MY DADDY MADE me play5 popcorns/5popcorns
,Recommended,219830,31458959,Posted: 30 April,all,KAISERFINCH,Nice physics I liked it
,Recommended,219830,28249716,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Memed Hams,Great! A fun little sandbox pvp game with a great community.10/10 would get killed by buffalo again
76561198213665791,Recommended,219830,22185336,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Crazycatt2.0,It is a very fun game just no when your favorit server is down.
,Recommended,219830,8824201,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Albino NoseLord,This game is totally worth the ten dollars. It does a great job of combining Terraria and random war. It is the kind of game that you can keep comming back to. My favorite things are Team Deathmach and Take The Halls. If you get I hope you like it. :):):):)
,Recommended,219830,20832266,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,willy,"Yay, gold."
76561198127174739,Recommended,219830,16919339,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Adan the Cannibal,neat
,Recommended,219830,7648157,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Oz,Super fun team based building and killing. Terraria like feel and gameplay but with PvP. Worth playing
,Recommended,219830,11614701,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Hua,I killed my children because they wouldn't stop nagging me to let them play this game.I cried.Then I got hooked to the game and forgot I ever had children! XD
,Recommended,219830,20861976,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Plasmic,"An intense game filled with unexplainable happenings and broken gameplay.Oh man, how I love this game."
,Recommended,219830,15562597,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,spookyseut,It's a thing... I guess. Have all the fun in the world with people telling you that you suck. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,219830,12628348,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Vault Boy,Simplified and perfected Terraia PvP.
,Recommended,219830,13980529,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,silversteel6,"This game is for pvp fanatics everywhere, its built, based and runs on multiplayer servers some of which are modded. On the topic of mods this game has by far the easiest mod install process in the history of gaming! No dodgy websites required! It installs mods straight from the severs them selves (or atleast i think it does...)! the gameplay is amazing no boring storyline for this game, it jumps straight into war and chaos.by far both the most frustraightingly fun game i have ever played 10/10"
76561198094790524,Recommended,219830,14074974,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,daybook,"Amazing Game, it has the greatest replayability of any game I own."
,Recommended,219830,20055515,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Charcocoa,">Doesn't know what to do at the beginning of a match>Just wanders around>Compliments a player named ""A dirty man"" (Dirty man, you are the most fine man!)>Banned10/10 would get banned for compliments again."
,Recommended,219830,21888239,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Stealth,Total destruction1!!!
,Recommended,219830,16709873,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Noritox,This game sat in my library for over a year before I got around to playing it. I didn't feel like learning the mechanics. I was missing out! This game is a gem. Buy it!
,Recommended,219830,28110309,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,OneTrueAlex,Best $10 I've spent.
,Recommended,219830,12962192,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Decimus,Probably one of the best games ive ever played spent over 60 hours still fun every time i play it. Worth every penny.
76561198014597135,Recommended,219830,16410638,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mustard Man,cool game and fun game but you need to fix the resolution and screen option they do not work properly and reset everytime
76561198151659768,Recommended,219830,22032721,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Randy Jackson,Fun.
,Recommended,219830,7816716,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Biker Ashy,"TL;DR: Buy it! Most fun I've had in a long time, great for playing with friends and a great price point.Haven't played too much of this gem yet, but I have to say that the antics that can result from this game are staggeringly awesome. I haven't cackled with glee this much and this often in a game for a pretty long time. And if you add in friends, it becomes that much more amazing.I think there's a few kinks that can be worked out, and some additional steam functionality (like being able to join your friends from the drop down menu would be awesome) would be nice. But despite this being released on steam, it's basically a beta. And that's not a bad thing. Actually I'd say that's one of its strongest selling points, that the dev team is constantly working on things, tossing out updates at a decent pace it seems, and it's already this addictive and fun.To people wondering what this game is about: Looking at it from an outside perspective, it seems a lot like Terraria at first glance. But it's really only a superficial similarity. The aesthetics aren't really the same, the mechanics are much different, and the whole point of the game is worlds apart from Terraria. If Terraria is the rpg dungeoncrawler with building elements, King Arthur's Gold (or KAG from here on out) is two teams of kids waging imaginary medieval warfare on an epic scale against each other. If you've ever done things like that as a kid, or can picture it, you can see why this concept is pretty damn appealing. Everything about the game from the ground up is designed to aid and facilitate your war. Just to give you an idea of the things that are possible, here's just a few things I've seen happen or done myself in my short time of playing: Won a game by literally loading knights into catapaults to shoot them over the other team's walls. Won a game by sneakily tunneling under a team's base, setting up a tunnel there (for people familiar with Starcraft, think nydus canals) and flooding their base from below with an angry legion of molemen (actually knights), tunneling into their flag room, and stealing their flag, bypassing almost all their fortifications, I was giggling the entire way back while I was also desperately dodging arrows with no defenses of my own being a builder. I've also been a knight and relay raced a powder keg to collapse someone's tower as their panicked archers kept trying to kill us and prevent us from getting that keg to their tower.The community has its share of problematic people I think, but in general people are quick to jump on griefers and get them out of the server, and for the most part I find them to be a pretty cool group of people. They're pretty tight knit, having been around since the game's inception almost 3 years ago, but in general they've also been pretty welcoming to fresh blood. For icing on top of the cake, the devs seem to play their own game and make regular appearances on servers, and there's a team of mods that are dedicated to going around the servers to weed out griefers as well.There's honestly too much for me to say about the game, but even with minor kinks in the game it's one of the best purchases I've made in a long time. There are so many good memories and fun stories to be told in this game, especially when you have a group of friends on skype all yelling at each other as we try to work together (or work against each other) to win. One of my greatest laughs so far was when I was fighting another friend and managed to knock her into the waiting mouth of a shark. Instant chowtime, outraged cries and hilarity ensued.I can't praise this game enough, for ten dollars it's worth it. And at the time of writing at 25% off during the Autumn sale, for single and 4 pack, I don't think there's any real reason not to get this! For someone who wrote their impressions a lot more descriptively than me, also check out the Rock Paper Shotgun review at:http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2013/11/18/wot-i-think-king-arthurs-gold/Buy it!"
,Recommended,219830,7818597,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,tWed,"King Arthur's Gold has been such a delightful game for me, I cannot stop playing. With it's physics and gameplay, do not take the price of this game for granted, for it is a very high quality experience. You find yourself needing to increase your skill to triumph.King Arthur's Gold is the MUST-GET game of the month, hands down."
,Recommended,219830,7862702,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Silly Rabbit,King Arthur's Gold is a must for any pvp addict!ENJOY PVP = ENJOY KING ARTHUR'S GOLDNUFF SAID.......
,Recommended,219830,8034132,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Wub,"This game has pretty much the same game mechanics like terraria, just that you have much less mobilit: no jetpack shoes nor steampunk wings. It's alot about teamwork but also about timing the right slashes and shots.. If you have the right skill and timing as the knight, Then you can go 1 VS 6 other knigts deppending on your timing or your internet connection. Other than that the community is pretty gnarly since it's filled with sad roleplayers and other kind of nuisance."
,Recommended,219830,7627706,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Shruxilo,"Bought it, played it for 18 hours straight! No other game have i done that with for so long.BestGameEVER!"
76561198065720195,Recommended,219830,7934784,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,linkplm,best game like minecraft and terrira had a baby and added teams
76561198060020010,Recommended,219830,8468476,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Axler201,If your looking for a entertainment then youve got the the right game. 10/10 men in tights
,Recommended,219830,8644719,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Sheep™,"While this game may not look like much, I can assure you that you will have many hours of fun. If you like games where building a fort with various traps is neccesary for your teams survival, then this game is for you. If you like games where you can go out and destroy an enemy base through brute force or stealth, this game is for you. The current game modes include: CTF, TTH (Take the halls, sort of like conquest), Zombie survival, RPG, and many more, created and added by users regularly. 9.8/10 Well worth $10"
76561198026193451,Recommended,219830,8689742,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,MechaGiraffe,"Hilarious, deep, fun, chaotic.Singleplayer is weak but playable, but the multiplayer is where it's at!Overall a really, really good purchase."
,Recommended,219830,7730735,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,miro382,Very good game.
76561198054551779,Recommended,219830,8885182,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,King Albazar,"This is a sudo-platformer with a multiplayer twist. i really never seen anything like it. never the less, its still great!!! it can be infuriating and almost cruel but its very rewarding with its gameplay, match life, animation and character style, and its community. overall just a fun game thats kinda like 2d tf2."
,Recommended,219830,7939651,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Emperor Husky IV,"Why dont they make multipayer modes like this in minecraft and terraria? Seriously this model is flawless. Build a castle and actually defend it from catapults and the other team.If you like games like terraria but find building things to be a bit of a bore, then buy this game. Everything you build must be practical and structurally sound, and it has to hold up to a keg explosion or 15 or so.The important part to remember is that it won't. Your buildings will fall and your teams flag will be exposed, and that is when the game gets really interesting, as you desperately build makeshift walls to stave off the enemy advance as you repair your own shattered defenses.God is this game fun."
,Recommended,219830,8462759,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dirty Dan,"Gosh this game is fantastic. It's like Team Fortress, Terraria, and Chivalry all perfectly melded together into a hilariously awesome little package. Complete with a realistic physics engine that makes for some lovely siege warfare (Nothing quite like blowing out the base of a tower to have it collapse, even if it costs you a few teammates), KAG is just absolutely fantastic and yet incredibly difficult to describe as well. All I can really say is that it's worth it at full price and a bargain on sale, and that if you enjoy wanton destruction and deep construction, you'll enjoy the absolute hell out of this game."
,Recommended,219830,8687947,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,[SainT] SupahDragoon,"8-bit multiplayer game, great for a quick 15 minute multiplayer match. You reallly feel like you have an impact on the world, from building a wall to planting a bomb and destroying a mountain."
,Recommended,219830,8872418,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Riots,I dont get how I never get tired of this game. Probably the awesomest 2d game ive played!
76561198080686435,Recommended,219830,8557393,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Fish,"This game is very fun! The sound effects and cool retro graphics make this game one to get. You fight oponents in wars with up to 32 players! before the game starts you are placed on map and build up your defences, then you fight to the death as a builder, archer, or knight; while using the gold you collect from your fallen enemies to buy or make bombs, fire arrows, balistas, and even warboats."
76561198073676224,Recommended,219830,8744847,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,A_twerking_pikachu_,ADDICTING
,Recommended,219830,8860610,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,LMFAOOOOOOOOOO,This is really good
76561198058459602,Recommended,219830,14642056,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Comrade Orange :3,"I really love this game. It has such a creative gamestyel that I enjoy every time I play. The only things that I'm disappointed about is the lack of players. There will be empty servers just waiting to be played on. I hope one day that all servers will have people playing on it. If this game seems interesting to you, buy it. You will like it."
76561197998539450,Recommended,219830,9046073,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Вупсель,"I'd rather play some Soldat, but since we have no choice, this game is more complex but still not as fast and full of action as Soldat 2d. Wish they released Soldat on Steam Green Light though"
,Recommended,219830,23537542,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Sergetoos,"entertainingpretty casualit's a game that you have to have at least 20h playing to do not be ""noob"""
76561198067617576,Recommended,219830,23589052,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,BeansOnToast,Really fun kinda tricky though
,Not Recommended,219830,25598074,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Stirfryed,"US servers are deserted. It was fun for a while, I got my $10 of fun out it years back when people still played.But if you're reading as a US player, don't bother."
76561197979627122,Recommended,219830,29555944,Posted: 28 January,all,Corey,"As Orson Welles once said, ""We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone."" This is an excellent game with a vibrant community that is kind, helpful and energetic. Play with fervor and you will be rewarded!http://steamcharts.com/app/219830#All"
,Recommended,219830,21471946,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,PurpleSkyHoliday,"You know when a mod for a game is more fun for you and your friends, becoming subjectively better to play than the vanilla due to your tastes?Yeah."
76561198154240640,Recommended,219830,23034032,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,statesquash868,10/10 VERY GOOD GAME
76561198119668141,Recommended,219830,23176113,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,High Priest of the Sky beast,It is a game. It is a good game.
76561198139960397,Recommended,219830,24172168,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,permafrost,I keep getting banned and don't know why.
76561198168901891,Recommended,219830,30366911,Posted: 6 March,all,Syth,"Incredible fun for the price. the servers arent very populated but the ones that are, they're a blast. The whole player base is so charasmatic and I just genuinely enjoy this game and what it brings to the table."
76561198229734500,Recommended,219830,30998184,Posted: 7 April,all,jackelope4,fantastic
,Not Recommended,219830,31017756,Posted: 8 April,all,MountainJew,"it's an interesting game but there;s way too many people who are overly skilled at it and you can't get into it. lots of clans for something so simple. lots of trash talking too.they have mods now also and its too hard to find a normal server, the modded ones are too difficult to understand, they have roleplaying ones and I joined one and was instantly killed by a clan of 40 people and some of those were on my own team. then I was kicked.Don't bother with it."
76561198139530706,Recommended,219830,31253735,Posted: 20 April,all,YellowLetters,Really fun fighting game
,Recommended,219830,33978659,Posted: 2 August,all,joggfuzz,Fun but not enough players on servers I like to play on(Big maps full of players and a huge warzone)
,Recommended,219830,19284555,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Mickey Mouse,"Ahh, the nostalgia.This game reminds me of my childhood of putting things together in a neat pile and then wrecking it.I advice buying this game for short periods of gameplay when you have time. The fabulous pixel graphics are great (or is it my fetish for pixelized graphics?) the only thing i can complain about though is the servers. They only have limited servers and all the other servers are mostly user hosted servers, but if you can get past that its a good game overall. 9/10"
,Recommended,219830,21167997,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Dennis,"The game isn't that great, but it's enjoyable enough for the price."
,Recommended,219830,21284411,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,GenJamie,"2D Action game, with lots of very cool mods such as Shiprekt and Wizards. But even vanilla is fun. :D"
76561198207602201,Recommended,219830,22733923,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Captian Crunch,"I am going recommend this game for People who like Terrarria and/or Minecraft and pixle, arcade, fighting, and CTF games. but there is sum problems... there is no ranking system, therefore, you are going to, garrenteed, endup playing with some guy who has 1000+ hours: dying 24/7.the boats are kindof buggy with moving them and rowing and standing on top of. and there are VERY FEW water maps so if you want to play with boats, you cant, most of the time. join a modded server for boats :)The community is horrible 1/20 will be nice 19/20 will say your a jerk and hate on you the rest of your life. (not really)"
76561198142599582,Recommended,219830,24140086,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,🐢DakotaC602🐢,It was harder to learn then expected and is a little ghetto but it is so fun. I wish there were more servers and more people who knew about this amazing game!
,Not Recommended,219830,33613948,Posted: 17 July,all,◭ Motitoti ◮,"You should have bought the game a year ago if you are looking to play on multiplayer now.Normally there are 45 players on 30 servers each day. And that 45 players is scattered around different servers.So if you are looking for a full server experience, then you won't find it here now or in the future.The community is dying. And pretty soon no one will be playing KAG.Not to mention most of the playerbase is just toxic 12 year olds.Don't buy this game. It's not worth it. Not even for 10 euros."
,Not Recommended,219830,33761380,Posted: 24 July,all,evan,"Fun game, dead servers. No point in buying this game anymore."
76561198148899480,Recommended,219830,33885275,Posted: 29 July,all,nicolaparsons1963,cool game
76561198116626215,Recommended,219830,23134018,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,opidokila,AMAZING! BUY IT!
76561198271929433,Recommended,219830,26171052,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,xxxshadow72,honestly this is the best game ive ever played the mechenics are fun the people are nice and not trolls like in csgo i love this game its great to play but the only probalem is the terrible servers otheriwse i cant say anything bad about the game
,Not Recommended,219830,28727008,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Max,"Bought a 4 pack for myself and some friends.  We didn't even make it an hour.  If quick silly pvp is your thing, this game might be for you."
,Recommended,219830,19894445,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Aideye201,"Gretest Game of all time, I would suggest this game to literally everyone!"
,Recommended,219830,19229144,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,TheTsarBomb,"It's alright,"
,Recommended,219830,19307018,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,NickShock,As much as it pains me to say it this game is dead. I bought it on sale. Played the tutorial. Learned what a great game this was. Then I launched the multiplayer to find there was no one to greet me.In conclusion fantastic game.Small Playerbase.Perhaps a steam sale will change things.
76561198120943627,Recommended,219830,18215157,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Teodor cs.money,IT LOOKS FUN RIGHT? WHELL IT IS FUN !!!!!
76561198037123939,Recommended,219830,17785901,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,$150M,"This game is alright, the knight combat takes some time to learn and master but everything else is good and building majestic and gigantic castles are always cool to do.  8.5/10If this game gets future updates to add things and fix some of its problems it will be very good."
,Recommended,219830,14184260,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Ingra,"I love it, the vanilla servers are fun to play for itself, but modded servers like Sopranos/Aphelions/PirateRob's are the true gems of this game."
76561198021093155,Recommended,219830,26156131,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[Ω] Dpants,best game i ever played
,Recommended,219830,35077393,Posted: 19 September,all,Dispentry,An amazing gem of a game this is hindered only by it's low playerbase
,Recommended,219830,7821958,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Alois Trancy,"Да это охеренная игра!Все должны играаааать!!!!!/Great game, lots of awesomness in one easy pixel game!You should try it"
76561198044233611,Recommended,219830,7624635,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,rJarrr,Awesome game. Played it since alpha.
,Recommended,219830,8747546,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,MarktheStapler,everyone should own this
76561198117652637,Not Recommended,219830,10792498,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,De Faux,"This is a very multi-player-oriented game. It does offer single player features, but they are very lacking; A massive sandbox world would be nice, rather than the 20-seconds to reach the end map it offers in single-player. Additionally, there are no random encounters as far as I've seen in single-players sandbox.If you want a nice single player sandbox, this definitely is not for you. If you want to spend all of your time online, it's probably really good; unfortunately, some people, like myself, have too laggy of internet to enjoy such things."
76561198052011254,Not Recommended,219830,26334370,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Zigurat9,"Felt pretty good, while playing with friends, but turned out to be dead after while. It is clear that community judged this game as bad (it is not that bad), so players disappeard quickly.No need to be on steam. Concept silently died."
,Not Recommended,219830,29407742,Posted: 21 January,all,soul,"really fun game, but unfortunately it's basically dead. if more work was put into quality of life aspects, it probably would still be up and going. also, that weird artwork in the screenshot slideshow thing is extremely ugly and should not have been used at all. at this point I wouldn't recommend buying it, can't have fun with no players."
76561197980349240,Not Recommended,219830,8464881,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,lipnox88,needs an offline team death match mode with bots for new players to try and to fill up the empty slots in games.
76561198028809323,Recommended,219830,9592126,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,P3454nt,if this game would be a potato it would be a good potato
,Not Recommended,219830,13161797,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Deadjack,"King Arthur has a huge gameplay.You can see the vids and the store page to be interrested like me.There are tons of things to do.But in multiplayer... oh god... this is so frustrating to be overwhelmed like that ! [Long review]3 classes: Builder, Knight and Archer.Quite simple to grasp the basics with few tutorials.You build a castle with tons of elements in few mins (2 or 3) and go fight the enemy and test its own defenses.So where is the problem ? If this rich gameplay has been implemented it's for a good reason, right ?It's because there is too much to handle and the game is absolutely unoptimize.Take a look at the following....BUILDER:You try to build simple defenses. Wood, the weaker, Stone, the strongest. The main  problem is directly link to this class: King Arthur's Gold is not a Sandbox game !  As an example you can't move soils such as dirt. There is no editor, so every maps are design by the developpers. An other problem is you have no wooden traps. The only availiable a retractable spike. It can kill your friends and  you have to build a special block that makes enemies fall through instead of you team. The fact is that you have to spend a huge amount of stones to build a simple trap system. Securing a flag or an entrance is horribly long and quite often you get blocked by the ""trap block"" because you can't pass through... Even aiming the blocks to build and even digging is hard. You will rant when you will see this little red arrow with a horrible sound to show ""you can't build here"" (thanks we haven't noticed !!).Add to that the fact that when you missed your clic you can't deconstruct your block.Very nice to endure when you are in the fire of the action and a trap needs to be finished in a hurry ! (in general a guy from the opposite team is coming at you...).And it's really, REALLY, annoying to be rushed all the time by ""Airborn"" knights carrying bombs (Knight after droping a bomb can use his shield to propels him in the airs and glide anywhere holding the shield above him like a hang-glider). And the situation is absolutely obvious when you see a lone guy exploding the walls you put so long to build.People will tell you, you have siege weapons!But you can be propelled with a catapult and again it's a huge boost of mobility. For the non rushing team it's a sentence of death because building siege weapons needs a lot of stone, A LOT (Wood can respawn but it's not the case for stone). And when you die few times in a desperate attempt to repair or rebuild the structures previously destroyed by few kamikaze... you start to be angry.Considering the fact that you just can't store the materials you've found for the rest of the team, can't fight correctly as a builder (because you only score points when you kill someone) or even building a decent base at the start (around 3 mins to do it !). You can buy items for the Builder, such as a drill, but like all aspects of the game, nothing mentions that the drill overheat and is unavailiable for few mins. So nobody use it. You can understand how frustrating this game can be as a builder.KNIGHT:Exhausted of building stuff that won't last more than few mins, you try your luck as a close combat fighter [Not a Kamikaze Knight of course].But it's delightfull to fight and being unable to chain few blows without being overwhelmed by characters and explosions (bobies are persistent and can be picked up, so if someone dies it will block the line of sight of everybody and instead of taking valuables you will take a corpse ...). In general you click in the mass of pixels and hope to reach your target. In the fire of the action you will be unable to see the small hearts of the ennemy (his health of course). Note that if you died you won't have enough money to buy the bombs (you can throw it even before dying to blow everything... Kamikaze Style !).So you go to range fight when you have enough of getting killed. If you look deeper on the forums, you will find that some dudes has mouse mods so they can burst you in melee if you are a regular player like me [translation: a fair play man].ARCHER:You have a bow, you shoot, simple enough ? No.Consider the fact that you have a long time to load the arrow, the low damage it does and the fact that you can't see correctly if you damaged the target. You have a special attack wich throws 3 arrows, but the way to use it is so much complicate that you won't us it. Only in close combat if you have luck to land one or two arrows on the target and in general you have a knight in front of you (whe can use the same shield to glide to protect him... yes sir).You can use a grappling hook to reach higher locations (by the way it's very hard to build high towers) but this tool is so unaccurate and with a very limited range that quite often you will loose your life in a desperate way to aim/evaluate the distance/ and dodge the incoming foe.Bomb jump is much better in terms of efficiency and power.Add to that ammunitions, because you have basic and special arrows like the fire one to burn wooden structures or the bomb arrow for stone. An other great way to reduce to ashes the work of Builders...So like all players you won't stay long as an Archer and go Knight.Again if you die you will drop some gold the enemy can use to buy ammunitions,and if you rush and place shops on the way to the enemy base you will win quickly with continuous Kamikaze Knights...IN GENERAL:The concept is appealing but frankly the learning curve is horrible and there is too much content.I never thought i would say something like that...You rarely understand why something didn't worked especially during a fight where 2 or 3 secs determines the fate of your character.You have so many game mechanics that you can't handle everything at the same time. As, again, for a Builder you can't extinguish the fire on wooden structures. You have to take an other class and buy a water bomb/ water arrow. So you can't even defend buildings yourself except if you build a balista or a catapult.But like many other games the community doesn't help and explains nothing (the text window is bad, even the dozens of emote icons: players just uses smileys to laugh in front of your death, only one guy used it correctly to say to build a tower on a location).There are many cheaters (without any protection against them) and even if some players are really good, we don't know if they use mods.Things are quite often unfair like when the maps puts you to the worst location or the overall design is bad.Even voting is a pain and disturbs you quite often because there is no timer and you have to vote even if you don't care of it. You can't see if someone has done something wrong, the chat window is small and you have to click on it to enlarge it for few seconds.TO CONCLUDE:You have better multiplayer games for free with much more balance and interrest.King Arthur's Gold is not a sandbox and it's a game where gameplay goes too far and makes the multiplayer messy. You can't manage everything and your team doesn't act with you, in general Builders stays behind away from Knights and Archers, the only classes that can work together naturally.You endure many crashes and latency is often very high. This is related to a bad optimisation of the game and you will need more than an average computer to run it !Maybe a major update on the solo mode where you could control you're team or  better stability and more scenarios in multiplayer.Actually, this game is the only one i've uninstalled after only 5 hours on it...N.B: I will update this review if the game changes but actually i just can't recommand it.And be ware, some players are ruining bad reviews to keep the overall good rating of the game.But fact are here: the game is unoptimized, the gameplay clumsy,ect... So buy it at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,219830,17878878,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Ursus Mundanus,"I bought this game to play with a gaming group, I can honestly say that this game is mostly chaos and largely dull.The controls are clunky and it's unforgiving to new players.If you enjoy mindless fun with no balace or mod regulation and doing the /exact/ same thing for hours on end, then this game is for you. I know people who enjoy it. I will never be one of them."
,Not Recommended,219830,8340150,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Codex,"A nice worthwhile game. i like it! Terrain 70% crushable,people 100% killable= 40% awesome. sadly, the community is a bunch of 9 year old ♥♥♥♥♥, who random kick, (again, bad voting system) it ruins the game for me, its good, but the people ruin it, (diary) day 12...im incredibly addicted, but...the longer i stay, the more the community infects me with its TOXIC COMMUNIST VENOM OF UNFRIENDLYNESS AND DUMBNESS. i still cant let go, but damn, the community."
,Not Recommended,219830,8838389,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Capiru Jones,"Poor tutorial, doesn't make you want to keep playing, etc etc."
,Recommended,219830,25044819,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,jprik04,i got banned from every server for destroying stuff10/10 would reinstall 5 months later again
,Not Recommended,219830,30363419,Posted: 6 March,all,Robo7988143,"King Arthur's Gold is a 2D scroller game where you build your base in any creative way possible, cope with your team and attack the enemy base AND do whatever objective given. Why did I gave this a bad review? The game is just bad. The first bad thing is the lack of players. No multiplayer game is good without players, which is why I suggested for Bots over and over again, but it hasn't been implented yet and I doubt it will ever will since the Developers only update this game to fix bugs and not add new content to the game. In saturday morning, I tried searching for a server. But did I find one with a lot of players in? No obviously, because of the lack of players that play this game. This is one of the biggest issues and must be fixed with intelligent bots or something else. Another thing is that the bad community, yes. The player count is terribly low yet the community is just garbage. If you tell somebody to do a favor for you, have backup or anything else. Most of the time, they will not do it and continue on what they where doing. Literally, this is why the game is doing extremely bad with multiplayer, with it's poor player count and such a cancerous community. One last thing is that Developers are so inactive with updates. The Developers are too busy helping people on the Discussions rather than updating the game. This is just terrible. The Developers will respond rudely sometimes. If you ask for a update, they will say ""I will update this game soon"", yet they haven't. I love this game, but with it's poor playercount and such a stupid community, I didn't saw what the fun was in this game anymore. Now, before I loved this game. Now after playing the game for two straight days, I finally learned that this game is just a bad game which had a huge potential but the Developers avoided this potential. Now for my final conclussion, do not buy this game. Wait until there is a update and remove the game from your wishlists. I thought this game was good but it wasn't."
76561198134130409,Recommended,219830,26985670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,_dqmn.,yes
,Recommended,219830,23603170,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Obama Been Lyin,Very fun with friends!!
76561198092631998,Recommended,219830,23846879,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,RyderFive,10/10 IGN played for literaly 1712 hours total not including classic.
,Not Recommended,219830,17036849,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Beastly,I have to create an account within a steam account? No thanks.
76561198104652811,Recommended,219830,10137765,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,The Direful Spring,Not the most realistic but great game play and does what games should do be really fun to play.
76561198097736143,Recommended,219830,7829791,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,CHIRAQ kHAZY,You should play this game
76561198075535481,Not Recommended,219830,15264914,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,CashMone,"Playerbase absolutely sucks, game is kind of fun but the community sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not worth the purchase."
,Not Recommended,219830,25141295,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,LALALALALA,I don't reccomend this game becouse you can only choose beetwen two serwer's.
,Not Recommended,219830,18135073,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Magic Flounder,I randomly shot arrows into the sky and got a 12 man killstreak. Then I got kicked.
,Not Recommended,219830,16032382,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Battle Scarred | Black Man,Game is dead
,Recommended,219830,24148532,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Dredonkey,"ok so first off. THIS IS THE BEST GAME IN THE WORLD,in my opinion unfortanatly i couldent recomend this game to any person on the planet ); so i am gonna start saying stuff. now. yay. so this game is well optimized so dont wory ppl like me (at the moment) with laptops or bad computers. mods arent garunteed togh cause there custom content. onto mods! mods are soooo easy in this game all you do is launch the game like normal go to multiplayer BLUE servers are modded servers just click on there hit play it may or may not ask you to download files if it does, click yes. then you just wait and eventually you will join. also if it says error compiling scirpts just rejoin,somtimes it does that the first time. also for people who like medival war OBVIOUSLY get this NOW no jk but its a very good simulator at it and not to realistic very well balanced.and my favorite thing i think is that everyone you see is a player NO npc's NONE NATA NOTHIN' and its completely open building also the devs are cool (: and also i found out they were gonna put custom vehicles in the game when they were first making it btw you should know this is the NEW version of kag, we jsut call it kag also the comunitites realy cool by the comunitie the people  you usually see often playing the game also this game is depenent on the player base the game IS MULTIPLAYER, pretty much. and theres also classic kag wich you can download after you buy this. also you can download thi soff steam and on desura. all the kets and perms, are yours...lel. also they were gonna add custom vechicles in the game wich is cool (I mahave wrote this already) also the combats VERY unique and takes a long time to learn so please be patient. and another very good thing is that this is INFINITE replayability (bleh big words) and when i say good medival simulator i mean the pretty standerd game mode/server rounds usually take AT LEAST 1 hour. so thats what i have to say and if you see me ingame my names dredonkey. and i have a horse head. well.... please buy this and i hope to see you soon btw if you buy this because of me tell me and for reading this whole thing you get a smiley (:    and everytime someone gets this its more players.. and more servers. and more playtime.. cause theres been times where i wanna do somthing and no ones there ):  and this is all only $10.  THE END"
,Recommended,219830,9442802,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,VagueChill,"Great game, Not a giant player base which is kind of annoying, but it's an amazingly unique game in the style of how players play around the objective and build their base before going for a war.It has a CTF, Deathmatch and TTH (Take the halls, kind of like a domination gamemode) with a small single player including timed challenges. The game also has mod support which allows for awesome gamemodes like shiprekt (A naval build your ship and attack others ships top down)"
,Recommended,219830,8946203,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,XenoBurger,If you play for 5 mins you are already better than 90% of online players.
,Recommended,219830,8361293,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Jamsson,"This game has the elements i like and they are: animals, 2d, fighting and the physics.But there is a gamemode named ''zombiefortress'' and if you just wanna buy it for the zombiefortress gamemode, you don't find it.Go to the:http://www.kag2d.com/en/downloadand click the classic and then youre able to play zombiefortress."
,Not Recommended,219830,16950334,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Kevin C. Cucumber,the game itself is ok but the game curser is not where my mouse curser is.a
,Recommended,219830,8788019,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Kdet0x.,Not a dickiebird do i know wtf is going on.10/10
76561198058598659,Recommended,219830,8789978,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Captain UYM,Wow this game is great cant stop playing it but is hard on multiplayer so i would perfer this game for veteran gamers but otherwise 10/10!
,Not Recommended,219830,19113367,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Kevvan01,Wasted money :/2/10 was interesting that was it
,Recommended,219830,7929490,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Oberkommandant Kat,this game is AWSOME!!!buy it NOW!!!
,Not Recommended,219830,22990426,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,speck,"The art is great, and I liked the concept, but I don't recommend it to anyone who doesn't have friends to play with. I didn't like it very much but it wasn't terrible. I returned it because it just didn't hold my interest."
,Recommended,219830,7747986,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Beb Russ,"This game is just amazing, you have to get it."
76561197965066845,Recommended,219830,7755704,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,hazmat,This game is tight. Check it out yo. Just do it
76561198098283516,Recommended,219830,25537379,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,river,"This game is amazing. People say it is dead, but there are usually a lot of people online. This is probably the funnest game I've ever played. Devs are active on the forums, and fix bugs all the time. Buy this game, it's definetly worth it."
,Recommended,219830,8149931,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,The Arma guy,wtf this game is cool (conserpated overwated overlooked loser = cool
76561198040948434,Not Recommended,219830,16628886,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,tybr00ks1,"This game has a lot of potential but as for now there are too many problems with the game. I believe the game is still in its beta so it's to be expected but there are just far too many problems. For one the classes are all unbalanced, mining and building can be tricky and glitchy at times, the servers are laggy and I often disconnect losing all my items collected during the game. I got this game for around $2.50 so it's not a bad deal. I hope they continue to update this game but as far as I know updates do not happen very often. The production company working on this game also has a few other games, which is most likely why they can not update often.All and all I would not reccomend this game unless you find it on sale. Im just going to let this game sit in my library for a bit while the producers work on updates."
76561198079437776,Recommended,219830,16770311,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Blueberry... Man?,"Launched myslef out a catpault manned by someone else and used a heavy metal shield to glide safely into the enemy base where I dropped a giankt keg my own size I had been carrying, and blowing everything up.10/10"
76561198134071170,Recommended,219830,13913204,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Günther,Great game! very good pixelart and style
76561198113352117,Recommended,219830,13753789,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,NuclearPyro,Game 0/10Graphics 0/10Server Connection 0/10Fun 10/10Shame 10/10Ongoing 10/10
76561198272834406,Not Recommended,219830,25080400,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,davebryan1973,cant get the freaking thing to work tryed everything what a joke and waist of money and steam are no help
76561198094728292,Not Recommended,219830,17654751,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Drelove123,not very fun gets boring in about 10 min
,Recommended,219830,9165078,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Ciris,"Awesome game, I know the development is slow but there are plenty of mods out there while you wait!"
,Recommended,219830,7992767,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,[BH]Mexes,Good game
76561198070005869,Recommended,219830,24637087,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ColdBlue,Game is good but the bugs are terrible ... 6/10
,Recommended,219830,7933481,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Avraham Sixtrillionberg,Pretty fun
,Recommended,219830,9242238,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,TheWatchGuard,"I have loved this game through and through, this is so awesome.Aphelion's Roleplay, look for it in non-vanilla."
,Recommended,219830,9270484,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,1:1 succ friend,My profile picture explains my reaction... AMAZING!
76561198086989703,Recommended,219830,8843639,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,PistolPete,Best multiplayer building game ever! its my goto game for tins of fun
76561198039397094,Recommended,219830,9202625,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,TheLegend27,3 words. get this game it is one of the greatest games you will ever play (the chickens have more money then you) it is a mix of chivalry and terraria and is full of fun stuff. You can even fling your friend in a catapult . 10/10
,Recommended,219830,9612989,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Lord Loud,"This is one of my favorite games on steam simply because the endless replayability. Every round you start out with a barren land scape that eventually evolves to a huge map of forts and castles. The combat is simple but effective, and just really fun. This is the only Indi game I recommend to anyone. 5 out of 5 must buy!"
76561198075887712,Recommended,219830,31425178,Posted: 28 April,all,TinyZ,"Bought this game for me and my friend. Ofc this game is hard to get into, but its super addicting!! And a really nice concept. The bad thing tho is that: 1: Not a big community 2: I cant play this game.... Wait... Yes right now I cant play, it says that a content file is locked or something but I tried to fix everything. I went online and.... Nope didnt work. So if this thing turns out to not be KAGs fault, well the Sorry. But if its their fault.... I forgive you. Depends on how long time it took to fix this problem. But I don't think everyone will have this problem. But just so you know that theres a risk.So Im just going to wait for a while for this to sort out.EDIT: Well It seems it comes and goes. Nice!!!"
,Recommended,219830,32421043,Posted: 14 June,all,(Собака) DogGandalf,"This is truly an amazing game. It combines elements of thought out building with intricate pvp which is great fun. You feel like a badass as night and archer and its very fun to play as builder as well. When absoute carnage is happening such as two castles battered and each one is close to falling down, each team is rebuilding and attacking, and there is basically a no mans land inbetween it really shines. You have no idea how fun it is unless you truly play it. Only flaw is that sometimes not many people are on (American servers mid day/ extremely late at night). 9.5/10 A must buy"
,Recommended,219830,23493025,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,TheTinx,Lots of fun.  Just wish people would play... online servers always empty...
76561198261616782,Recommended,219830,24142198,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tesco Direct,Always people online. A very good game.
76561198168144878,Recommended,219830,23112454,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,RAGEpure,"PLEASE improve servers, had a hardtime playing...."
76561198066594911,Recommended,219830,21492311,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,king gay,bbor osera is definatly the best feature of this gamepercribe
,Recommended,219830,30461742,Posted: 11 March,all,Braavosi Bravo,"I have a lot of fun with this game. It's easy to learn the basics and there is a high skill ceiling. I spend time online looking up new building strategies to get an anvantage over the enemy. If you like skill-based multiplayer, whimsy, strategy, epic duels, building and saboteuring, this game is for you."
76561198247630044,Recommended,219830,21999295,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,WildFox,This is really good game used to play the free version but I just wanted more!
76561198103908558,Recommended,219830,34824610,Posted: 8 September,all,cannonball_k,King Arthur's Gold is one of the best games I have played it is balanced and action pactThe only one complaint I have is that not enough people play it. 🙁
76561198160412736,Recommended,219830,35323149,Posted: 29 September,all,lachlan.tierney1964,"I think this game is great! It is very fun and addicting. The controls and gameplay are easy to learn, but hard to master!"
,Recommended,219830,35207625,Posted: 25 September,all,♣PeaceFull♣,"I played classic when i was kid and it was something where i got probably 1000 hours, this is even better but game seems dying and that makes me sad"
76561198134118884,Recommended,219830,34734958,Posted: 4 September,all,Mageking,Nice game. I'm already addicted.
,Recommended,219830,8470211,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,kachigga my nigga,twerk its that fun
,Recommended,219830,11622270,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,xXx Feed xXx,"It's a fun game requiring creative, quick decisions.  However, be careful what server you join.  The majority are laggy."
76561198083634006,Recommended,219830,24485556,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Jester,"i started playing KAG when my brother showed me the trailer and I was hooked, the game has come a long way and it is, quite simply: Fun. It really is just fun. this is my go-to game when i just want some easy playing but don't be deceived as the game is very deep as well and I often find myself playing this game for a few hours when i just meant to play 1 game. the different classes vary hugely and it is fun to dip in and out of different classes to suit your teams requirements. One negative point that i'd mention is that there are often noob builders who accidently (or purposefully) grief your base or build a trap that doesn't work and wastes resources. The graphics also looks great and suit the light feel of the game. I really reccomend that you play with friends as well as that just increases the fun. The different modes are good but most servers are just CTF and TTH tends to be left out, However, there are modded servers that are all unique and add a new dimension of interest into this game. For example:Juggernaut: a mode where there is one or two juggerenauts who are really powerful against the other 10 or so people. I really love this game and I suggest that you buy it in a sale if u can but I think the full price is OK but could be lower. I hope you found this review helpful and enjoy the game"
,Recommended,219830,7945198,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Svegeth,"TOTALLY WORTH THE MONEY,EVEN MORE *.* Really a great Game where you can join every match you want every time you want..And every game is still different :) In the trailer it says : AND WHEN YOU ARE ON IT , YOU CAN TAKE CONTROL OF THE GAME , Yeah that's totally true,the map is 100% modifiable and 100% crushable :D Buy this game for tons and tons of hour of fun..Even better if you got some friends who play versus or with them :DHope to see you on the battlefield Soldier,Archer or Builder ;)"
,Recommended,219830,8154937,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Prickly,Best.
76561198088863156,Recommended,219830,17674022,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,H A C K E R M A N,"Dig a tunnel,dig dig a tunnel,dig a tunnel,dig dig a tunnel,dig a tunnel,dig dig a tunnel,WHAT WAS THAT?quick before they figure o-,OHMY♥♥♥♥INGGOD,THEY'RE IN THE TUNNEL!"
,Recommended,219830,10122428,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Daberoni Orendino,"fun team based game with nice, simple graphics"
,Recommended,219830,10105280,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,DuckWantsaCookie,"JESUS, THIS GAME IS THE SHIZZLE."
,Not Recommended,219830,7667083,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,CLion,"Freaking awesome game! Buy it now and play with me!It's a mix between casual and hardcore skill. The skill all revolves around your team and being able to communicate, collectively execute, and adapt constantly to the war at hand.That said, most players buying this game aren't at the skill level I find with games like SC2, Dota2 ixll, and Chess +1300.The best part about this game is that the simplest unit, a knight, can gain an ever extending learning curve. 1 knowledgeable player can eliminate 10 average players at once if they play their cards right. and focus on timing attacks patiently.The game is largely open source, but you'll need to know programming to create anything yourself.----------------------------------------------Review update after 2 years:Due to the shrinking community and the lack of players, I can no longer recommend this game. One of the game's biggest weaknesses (voting and admin abuse) are amplified by the lack of players. Do no purchase this game."
,Not Recommended,219830,16197444,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ruinleon,i personally didnt like it but of course for the price i was like meh what the hell.well i wasted 5 dollars learning that this game is very hard to get involved with the community and the tutorial doesnt help you much. barely scratches the basics. its not exactly fun for me rather than it was more of a challange?
76561198057755175,Recommended,219830,17463243,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Goose,10/10 would suacide bomb with keg again
76561198012092071,Recommended,219830,17607738,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Matlock,"This game has definitly been worth the money when I bought it, and for the 2 years aftwerwards. Whether it is worth it now is hard to say for some of you, but to me I think it is. The community is still staying pretty much strong and more mods are coming out. The game is fun if you get into it and take the time to learn some of the things it has to offer (learning is not to long, and even then its worth. Trust me.) All these people with their negative reviews only bought it when the DDoS was happening, got butthurt, and didn't bother to change the review after it was fixed. The game would have a review up at about 92% without all these crap reviews, easily. It is a masterpiece of a game that keeps giving and giving no matter how many years pass by. It is an infinite supply of joy and entertainment that I have been blessed to have enjoyed for 3 years. The community is great, and you will be able to find some KAG friends in no time. Hell, it might even be me. I have somehow managed to build a close connection to this game. It sounds really weird but there is just something about it, I don't know why but I am always compelled to play it even if there are no servers i like or if its empty. Maybe thats just the huge amount of hours talking though. To put it in one sentence, get it, I think its very good, only 10 bucks. Thanks for taking the time to read my enormous review, if you survived this far."
,Recommended,219830,17638024,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Jeff Cogan,ya bb
,Recommended,219830,9824726,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Ok JFI Dickeys,no gold 2/10
76561197983708313,Recommended,219830,13942371,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ultimate Mayhem,I had a problem were i could not sign in (it was just mt northen)now i can play the game :D its an awsome game!
,Recommended,219830,7629399,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,The Gaming Bur©,"To start, let me be frank: If you like (a) class based, hack-N-Slash, Terraria/TF2/Stronghold type game(s), then you will definitely enjoy King Arthur's Gold (a.k.a. KAG).Now, let me explain exactly why you'll enjoy this game: It's just plain dumb fun and perfect for close-knit gaming between a group of friends. Don't get me wrong though, hopping in a random server and just playing to your heart's content is just as fun too!There are several different game modes, all of which are very rewarding and fun to take part in. I can't necessarily choose a favorite. There is CTF, ""Take The Halls"" ( similar to capture-points), Team Deathmatch and a few others. For the most part, people mainly seem to play the two prior game-types, but that's okay. Those are, I would easily say, the most fun.There are three classes to choose from in KAG: Builder, Knight and Archer.The Knight is your mainstay, hack'N'slash, kill-them-all-before-they-can-regroup type player. With his shield, not only can he infinitely dodge arrows and sword strikes (as long as you're facing the right way.. be warned.. lol) but he can also use it as a convenient kite to gently glide down treaterous falls from high cliffs and walls. Moreso, he can also do the invert by using his shield as a sort of surf board to skip across large bodies of water (.... or, land ...... yes... land.. it's awesome), even if/when launched out of a catapault (.. !!! ..)The Archer is just what you'd expect, and more. The Archer is the only [certified badass] class which has available to him a grappling hook. He can scale walls, climb trees or just swing under an over-hang of a cliff and lob arrows into unsuspecting faces. He's very weak though, considering he has no means to defend himself, and you have to charge his arrows to fire. Did I mention, if you charge it long enough, you can get an attackk boost and fire three arrows in rapid succession? You can do a similar thing with the Knight (doing two large swings in succession, rather than simple stabs at the enemy)The Builder is the back-bone of every team, being the ONLY class that is able to fortify and defend points by constructing wood or stone walls. They are also the ONLY class that can build player huts: specific types of huts pertaining to the different classes (and sometimes all of them; the bakery is a wonderful place to replenish much needed HP from a fresh, juicy burger or three!!). The Builder can also distribute tools and with their siege huts, other players can order equipment such as catapults, ships and other various equipment to help them utterly decimate any and all opposition!!If you like Terraria, if you like playing as an engineer in TF2, if you like the castle building aspects of Stronghold, if you enjoy playing a tank in your favorite hack'n'slash or if you just enjoy dumbass, fun indie games: pick this game up, now.The one downside to this game: if you are NOT familiar with any of the previously mentioned games or game genres, then the learning curve is slightly above average. The only reason being is that the controls are only as adaptive as Terraria. In particular, the builder class is the only trully, somwhat difficult class to play. The one reason is that it can be a little finicky to select items on the map and pick things up, but it isn't impossible to do so by any means.On the other hand, the tutorials are a great place to start figuring things out and are very helpful and informative. If you play with a friend or people who you know who have already played or own it, then you would have no problem at all learning the easy way how to do all the things KAG has to offer. When in doubt, ask a friend!So, If your'e still greatly interested, but perhaps slightly hesitant to buy this game by the end of reading this recommendation, let me just finish with this: If you even relatively like or enjoy any of those similar aspects from other games and genres- for $10, KAG is definitely a game you'll get your money's worth."
76561198045008032,Recommended,219830,7833672,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,RTUFF,This game is very easy to pick up and really fun to play. I recommend this to anyone looking for a cheap fun game.
,Recommended,219830,17514531,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Demon Tea Time,Its hard to find any 10 dollar game that is better than this.  or even a 60 dollar game for that matter
76561198011858234,Recommended,219830,17548544,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,mjb supreme,"Fantastic game, build, shoot and hack your way to victory.The game appears simple but there is a lot to it and it takes a while to master.Watching an enemy castle collapse is very satisfying.Great value."
,Recommended,219830,17545262,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lunerd,Where is his gold?
,Recommended,219830,17604380,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Scruffy | Farmskins.com,"This game is so fun! More people need to see this game, becuase It's awesome!And the community is kinda poor, but that's becuase not many people know about it."
76561198075782142,Recommended,219830,23623055,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,MarioGC,An absolutly random/great game!
,Recommended,219830,8468692,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Reveal Your Meat,"Outstanding game, reminiscent of Soldat with a great building mechanic and a pretty nice community.Pitty the name is so ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198094342347,Recommended,219830,17344849,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Skipstar,clutch with archers♥♥♥♥♥♥ with knights
,Recommended,219830,20590056,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ni🅱🅱a,This game is awesome :D
,Recommended,219830,24329609,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Generic User,"Yes this review is useless and very lengthy reading it will be a waste of time. No wait come back please it was just a jokI AM VERY LONELY DON'T LEAVE ME.Pros oh boy+ It's actually FUN (unlike a lot of games)+ Replay value+ Combat isn't just ""Stab, I win."" (unless you're a builder, except you don't win)+ Tutorials actually teach things (who knew?)Cons oh dear- Griefers, abusive admins, etc (I can't stress this one enough)-Controls are only slightly smoother than sandpaper- Achievements are easily comparable to Tee-Ball trophies (too easy, everybody gets one)- Some maps are as small as those cars with twenty clowns inside (except we aren't clowns)Things I just want to say (this review are belonging to I)* Sometimes your team won't listen* Music is meh* Games can be really anticlimactic at times (one time eight guys who just mined for an hour)* To my limited knowledge nobody does anything to stop the power hungry admins* In my opinion, it's overpriced. It depends what you want out of the game, if you want a game that you can play for years and years to come, buy it."
76561198096155534,Recommended,219830,13024691,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Kermit The Wog,This game is epic! ***** awesome gamplay especialy for a indie! recomended if you like terraria/ starbound
,Recommended,219830,8748742,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Acordio,I think my hour count speaks for itself.
76561198046132176,Recommended,219830,8672223,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Aquamarine,"my one problem in this is,WHY IS THERE NO WORKSHOP MAKE IT HAPPEN PLEASE"
,Recommended,219830,7696562,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Drako9,"Ace of spades of Terrariajust having a blast with this gameArchers are annoying as ♥♥♥♥miners are brosknights are retordedswhat else could i say about this game?oh traps, TRAPS TRAPS TRAPS EVERYWHERE xD, ITS HELLA FUN when the enemy team fall in one of your trapsi killed almost the whole enemy team while they tried to charge at our flag with a trap that makes then fall into the water with a shark there♥♥♥♥♥♥was so cash"
,Recommended,219830,29974703,Posted: 16 February,all,YannickDingles,"HI I HAVE THE GAME BUT I CANT JOIN TO THE SERVERS BECASUE ITS SAYS THAT I DONT HAVE THE FULL VERSION, THATS NOT TRUE, PLZ HELP ME, Send me and email,nosferatusinferno@gmail.comPLZ, ITS SAYS THAT I NEED A KEY TTHAT HAVE BEEN SENDED TO THE EMAIL, BUT I DONT HAVE NOTHING"
76561198071033208,Recommended,219830,14271604,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Deerlobe,"It WAS a lot of fun. But sadly this game has died, nobody plays anymore."
,Recommended,219830,8401748,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Agent Kellerman,Awesome game for some PvP fun. Lots to explore and very addicting.
76561198190981385,Recommended,219830,20429430,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,[MKNT] uncle willy,it worked fine for the first day but when i tryed to get on the second day it kept chrashing
,Recommended,219830,17353075,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
,Not Recommended,219830,26920361,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Previatto,"Well, I thought the game is not much fun. The video made me think the gameplay was diferent. It has a steping learn curve. It's not for every one. Try to buy on a sale."
76561198043458259,Recommended,219830,7632827,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Salty Gandalf,awesome game!
,Recommended,219830,15123745,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Baron,It's a bit like Minecraft only it has a point
76561197998962400,Recommended,219830,7641160,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Octavius,i played it for about 2 hours and it was fuqing epic.
,Recommended,219830,16511287,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Juice,No
,Recommended,219830,8710044,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Parzival,"A game about pirates. You sail the seven seas looking for the titular King Arthur's Gold, but it turns out to be a third person shooter about half way in. Man, that plot twist gets me even now."
76561198139144247,Recommended,219830,12147026,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,sir groovyjoel14,for the bulding and death match people
,Recommended,219830,10370102,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,CasualKnight,And amazing game once you get good at it. But some suggestions if they are gonna make a new update: 1.put more classes to play as like a miner or sometype of helper class like a healer. 2.Put more maps like a volcano map or something else.Overall I have not see any glitches and bugs nor exploits.So this game gets a 8/10
,Not Recommended,219830,16882920,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,neeger boi ded,Cant log in servers bugged
76561198087302050,Recommended,219830,26927574,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eebone,"Although the servers tend to be a bit empty, this game is amazing. Build a castle, shoot exploding arrows from the top of it onto unsuspecting foes, launch yourself from a catapault holding a chicken so you'll fly further, then blow up the other team's castle with a lit keg. This game has it all. (Except the large playerbase. ='| ) You should totally buy it and get blown away by the awesomeness that fills the game.Pros-Awesome-Excellent modded servers-(Fairly) Easy to pick up and play-Varied gameplayCons-Hard to get really good at-Sometimes hard to find a server with a good amount of people in-The tutorial doesn't quite cover everything you should know (such as how to use the grappling hook properly - get it ON TOP of the platform you want to grapple onto)"
,Recommended,219830,8641875,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Othium,a great multiplayer game where you can catapult friends over walls and go into combat. there are 3 classes to choose from and a large range of online server.
,Recommended,219830,19060758,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Justice,Pretty sweet game
,Recommended,219830,19127251,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Sir Mixero,688888868666686888888868666866866666686666868666666686686668666666866668686666666868666688886668666686866666668866666866666686666868666666686866668666666866668686666666866866686666668888886888888868666866666666666666666666666666666668666668688888686668666666666668666866866686866686666666666668686668666868666866666666666668666686668686668666666666666686666866686866686666666666666866668888868888866666666666666666666666666666666666666Step 1: Highlight all numbers.Step 2: Click ctrl F.Step 3: Click 8 once.Step 4: You'll see what it says.11/10 would play with noobs again
,Recommended,219830,19308728,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,✠ Jiiim ✠,Not worth iteven if you got paid for it
,Not Recommended,219830,19258224,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Spooky Ram2Rem,"I tryed it exspecting the game to play as it plays in the trailer and it sucks,the ""positive comments"" say that the game is fun but i went on and people are just camping and playing deathmatch,it sucks. (Full Refund)"
,Not Recommended,219830,26919365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Smarmy's Pizza,Not worth it. I bought it on sale with a 4 pack and all my friends hated it . It looks really fun in the videos but those moments are very rare in the game.
76561198079725226,Recommended,219830,15748498,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,⚑BannerMan⚑,"This game has this wierd charm about it.  I really just love every single thing about this game.  It is balanced with solid and fun gameplay.  There are always at least 2 full servers which may not seem like alot but people are literally always on.  Every time I get bored and I am trying to decide what to play I usually just end up playing a round of this and having a blast.  I don't think this game is for everyone but at $9.99 it is more than worth it.  I seriously recommend this game to people who like building stuff, killing people, and then destroying the stuff the other people built.  9/10 ign too much water."
,Recommended,219830,7943364,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,PlanB,Great game! it's like a PVP version of terraria. The combat is very fast paced. One mistake can cost you your life.
,Recommended,219830,23336750,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Emyr,Majestic.I love this game.P.S: The most unexpected and amazing feature. YOU CAN GLIDE AND SURF WITH YOUR SHIELD AS A SOLIDER. Enough said. Get the game. Play the game. Enjoy the game. OR ELSE........................................P.P.S: I am awesome.P.P.P.S: Join Blood Reapers // Full gaming Community and get awesome.P.P.P.P.S: Just cause xD
76561198057918945,Recommended,219830,8067101,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Rytty,"Fun 2D game. If you like chaos and destruction, I recommend you to play this game. I especially like the CTF mode, where you have to protect your flags, while building a castle and attacking the enemy. It sure keeps you busy."
76561198066457953,Recommended,219830,8824538,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Outworld Outlander,First of you should buy the game the servers are hardly laggy and its so competitive you will mainly focusing on multiplayer   then single but whatever floats your boat. So if you dont know to buy it take my word for it.  you wont want to miss out of this game :)
,Recommended,219830,8824343,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Leeph,"Great game. Combines Minecraft, and Terraria with a twist.There are also great modded servers that add to the game."
,Recommended,219830,7999957,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Stickytape11,It's like Terraria.. but it's not..
,Recommended,219830,22349225,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Vladislav,Game that will make your smaller brother occupy your computer 24/7
,Recommended,219830,22312250,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,anfobe,tiene muy buenos modos de juego pero la jugabilidad esta un poco mal
,Recommended,219830,22569108,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Stolij,Just look at my playtimeit says it allThis game is amazing
,Recommended,219830,22220834,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,salami sam,pretty good
,Recommended,219830,7635834,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Breadinator,Extreamly fun for its price
76561198094526230,Recommended,219830,13991541,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Straynj,"think of something like terrara, add insane pvp that you actualy have to get good at, throw in some amazing destruction and chicken physics and dont forget the shark riding, builder stomping, archer grappling hooking, and insane seige weaponry that is both difficult to use but game breaking once mastered (just dont even try there many have died in that quest) and you have the mighty, the powerful KAG! King Arthurs gold!"
76561197970662963,Recommended,219830,27710600,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Redria,An often overlooked game that is very addictive!
76561198028630699,Recommended,219830,27721811,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lil boat,L I TIT
,Recommended,219830,27766898,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jster514,"lots of Chaosand explosionsand modsand buildingand stratagyand funand insanatyand dieingand more funand more funand more dieingalso fire arrowscharacter classesand did I mention dieing?All in all, a pretty good game"
,Not Recommended,219830,18749936,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Kurrashi,"It's a neat game, definately has it's up sides, but it's not as fun as the trailer claims it as. Instead you have a 2D Style of whoever can rush faster. I personally don't like it, it's boring and not very great. It's features do really well to use the building mechanics on a single server, other than that none of the other servers are very appealing."
76561198030484278,Recommended,219830,14635682,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,mastercha0,Very very funny and addictive to play! Loved it!
,Recommended,219830,12093721,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,wrin,k
,Recommended,219830,7581252,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Faxen,"One of the best games I have ever played. If you are confused, you play as the soldiers/archers/miners. One person isn't worth much, no matter the skill, so teamwork is a must if you are going to storm a keep.Great game, highly recommend it to all."
76561198101186124,Recommended,219830,13396532,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,a slimer from gostbust-a-nut,"Slow computer? lower your resolutionAlso use bombjumping!never attack in the waterAnd finaly as archer, ALWAYS grapple away to a safe distance"
,Recommended,219830,7939823,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,The Butcher's Nail,"Friggin AMAZING game, so much fun. The battles are constantly changing with the awesome building mechanic in this game. BUY IT!"
76561198098389641,Recommended,219830,9866205,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Necro-loli-con,WILHELM SCREAM!!!!
76561198103174885,Recommended,219830,19255820,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Hans | Hellcase.com,Great game !11/10 Pepe like this .
,Recommended,219830,24150849,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,AeroArchonite_,"I once halted an enemy assault by building a ladder to the top of the world, placing an Armory on top of a platform I built next to the ladder, changing to knight, jumping off the ladder with my shield under my feet, and landing on a group of 2 people huddled closely together.10/10, would grand slam puny knights again"
,Recommended,219830,25616602,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,chud,you get to play as the peasants from stronghold
,Recommended,219830,26058406,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MexiCunt[MGySgt],needs more server
76561198166317214,Recommended,219830,26202887,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,FireBall_270,"Amazing Game, I play it all the time. Great time killer"
,Recommended,219830,27139201,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"Ritunn, Nightmare Weaver","After playing KaG for a about 20 hours here's what I think. KaG is a great mixture between a medieval strategy game and Terraria. It's building mechanics can be a bit difficult to get used to at first since it doesn't teach you everything about it, but once you do understand them you can create some amazing defenses and traps. Though I do think my favorite part of KaG is watching a good defense crumble.The community on the other hand is quite small. It's not small enough to make the game dead, since there is always a hectic battle to join with around 8 or more players, I just think it could really get some more people in there playing it.Also the battles themselves are not for people with little time. They can last anywhere from 5 minutes to 3 hours depending on how good the builders are.All and all KaG is a game you should totally but if you love medieval warfare or are a fan of building games."
,Recommended,219830,27245246,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rato,"im just a Rat, but its a good game"
76561198069684771,Recommended,219830,30745462,Posted: 26 March,all,Maxie the Geek,"Yeah this is low-key one of the best multiplayer games on Steam. Over 80 hours playing it and I'm always in the mood to play more. Buy it, play it, definitely needs more people online. Would always love an update, more stuff for builders to build, more maps, more modded game types, etc.Great game, buy it. Are you buying it?"
76561198087189917,Recommended,219830,33358057,Posted: 7 July,all,tobacco,"+GOOD THINGSDifferent experience from every classTons of servers with or without mods, even great RP serverGood mix of tactics and actionEvery map is uniqueBuilding and destruction-BAD THINGSSometimes unstable connectionNot that many players__________Very interesting and sometimes funny game, where you will spend many hours playing. When you will get tired, just enter server with mods and spend even more hours."
76561198171463821,Recommended,219830,24785528,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,CryoFøx,This game is awesome! I wish more people would play it... Only about 90 people on most days
76561198130457702,Recommended,219830,26239997,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Spin,"This game is a natural masterpiece in the gaming community because it's comical gore and a very funny variety of objects and emoticons complete the game along with seeing the same players almost every time you get on, being so that you know the community thoroughly."
,Recommended,219830,27224499,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kbowl,play it
76561198034302061,Recommended,219830,33268020,Posted: 5 July,all,Flower,Driving a catapult off a building and killing 3 people. 10/10 would do again.
76561198030702002,Recommended,219830,33565114,Posted: 15 July,all,Bubonic Craig,"A ton of fun. My go-to game when I need to unwind, really nothing like it on the market.Shame that the community is tiny and incredibly toxic. I've managed to get past that and have a good time, but some wont."
76561198077426959,Recommended,219830,24168409,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,UppedVirus9598,"Lot of fun, especially the free mods in game your able to play, just to many little kidz finding the ban function funny."
76561198064091613,Recommended,219830,27223704,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CATMAN,a really good streategy game!
,Recommended,219830,33239276,Posted: 4 July,all,ZincBucket,"Played classic long before bought it on Steam and it is still fun to play.The game is mainly about protecting your flag and stealing oponent's flag, yet different game modes and server mods may (and probably will) change it.Every class is fun and simple to play, yet there is more than enough space for tactics and tricks.The gameplay mechanics require tactics and some skill, so don't worry if you don't rambo the enemy base out yourself alone, but be sure - it will happen sometimes, and it will be as awesome as the first kiss(I don't know tho, didn't kiss ( not becouse I played King Arthur's Gold all the high school long instead of speaking to people (or maybe...) ) )"
,Recommended,219830,23331768,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Pepperoni Tony,The building in this game is amazing. I met some random Guy and We built a church.
76561198129522040,Recommended,219830,24229021,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CaptinCook,"Pure Gold for a Copper Price.""I have a heart that's pure gold, but it's fake pure gold"" Bob Schneider"
76561198323558184,Recommended,219830,24835900,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,reesechatwin6,doesnt work just says authenticating steam but it looks like a great game
76561198105862721,Recommended,219830,26005277,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Tarantonio,The only game in which you can play with the game creator and do not let him leave his base by killing him every time12/10 would be a bully again :)
76561198274951520,Recommended,219830,26155488,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Goose,"Although the community for this game is dwindling, Once you get into a match it is pretty awsome. You can play as one of three classes and whether you want a team death match, A Capture the flag, Or one of the modded gamemodes that the community has to offer. Any way you play, It will be a blast."
76561198088226273,Recommended,219830,27249850,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Maximich,"It's fine, I guess. Almost broken but fine."
,Recommended,219830,33272169,Posted: 5 July,all,Mackarel,good but i got high ping on mp
,Recommended,219830,23409305,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Snoipar,"Good and fun game, community is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ will kick you for ""griefing"" if you try reinforce the base."
76561198064926442,Recommended,219830,26191095,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,KnightEagle,"The only con, of this game, is that it doesn't have many people. Even with low amounts of people, it's still one of the best games I've ever played, as it has:Mods,Addictive gameplay,3 distinct classes,Tons of replayability,Is easy to learn and hard to master,Structures,Wildlife,Bombs,Building tools,Arrows,Siege weapons,Boats,Physics,Good water mechanics,Emojis,andCustomization, this all wrapped up nicely in a 2-D art style and comical playstyle.Buy if your willing to deal with a low playerbase (extremly low), and a sometimes toxic community."
,Recommended,219830,7903711,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Whiskey,"I saw this game popup on Steam and it caught my eye. I watched the video, which seems to be purposely a bit campy, and it sold me. King Arther's Gold is one of the few games on Steam I paid full price for and I was not disappointed. This game has some history and has seen several revisions before it hit Steam. There already seems to be a fairly established online community of gamers so finding a populated server hasn't been an issue for me.King Arthur's Gold is a 2d online pvp game where two teams build up their base and attempt to destroy the opponent's. The game features four game modes: capture the flag, team deathmatch, take the halls, and challenges. There is also a single player gamemode called ""Save the Princess"" which I have not played as I assumed this game is multiplayer in it's focus. Capture the Flag and Team Deathmatch are fairly common in pvp games so I won't explain them. Take the Halls is essentially point control. Challenges vary map to map but this mode digresses from the other three as Challenge maps often pit players against NPC oppoonents.Capture the Flag matches tend to last around 30-40 minutes. Take the Hall matches tend to take a lot longer (upwards of 2 hours). I have noticed this game can get a bit unstable after a few hours of gametime and/or with matches with lots of people.The mayhem advertised in the video is absolutely accurate and I highly recommend playing this game.Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,219830,7996802,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Knightworm,"More like King Arthur's OLD jk this is a great game, god bless the king"
76561198075068181,Recommended,219830,20120109,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Show Me What You Got,"We were losing, but someone made a catapult and slung me over to the enemies wall and I stole the flag and ran off to our camp but got killed by a shark that was jumping around outside of our wall - (we later lost)11/10 would be killed by shark again"
,Not Recommended,219830,7941941,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Mario Dan,"I bought this game taking in consideration that is marked as a solo game too, but in fact the game is strongly focused to multiplayer. The single players modes works as a tutorial for the multiplayer games.Some players could have a bad time trying the game since many things are learned by trial and error on multiplayer games. Is hard to enjoy a ""sandbox"" game with this style of gameplay.I consider is only advisable for people that wants short session of MOBA with some sandbox concepts like terraria. Don't excpect this game to be a sandbox or a simulation game because you will be very dissapointed.If you are looking for a solo experience, i recomend you ""Craft the World"""
,Not Recommended,219830,24099853,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,morryatay,"so i was told about this a while ago by someone  and  i was eager to try it out from what he told me, however it seems that certain things have been fairly overstated,1. the community is alnost non existant -there are alsoso few servers to choose from, and even less gamemodes to play with others.2. you have to majorly compensate for lag, no matter where the server you are guarenteed enough delay to need to preeattack by at least a second.3 the disconnection rate is extremely high somedays all you can do is get kicked on connection errors4. you get bnned over the mst unreasonable things (for example tabbing out when you have the respawn cooldown has whacked me with a ban for being afkand as such the game's price is way over the top for what you get,if it was  $2.99-$4.99 it might be worth it, however $10 for a game so basic is pushing it by miles.99on a note i got it for 6.99 or something and it still feels overpiced"
,Not Recommended,219830,17462445,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,MVRIIK,Installed King Arthur's Gold.Joined a game.Quit the game.Uninstalled King Arthur's Gold.
76561198205870705,Not Recommended,219830,28858579,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,marcruzdv,I  really like this game but do not recommend it because it is very empty.
76561198156215092,Recommended,219830,23546604,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Neo Blitz,This was fun!
76561198079133925,Recommended,219830,16368799,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Zuuma,Subara desu!!
,Not Recommended,219830,13408229,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,BLOW JOB BLAZKOWICZ,Really♥♥♥♥♥
76561198081797489,Not Recommended,219830,33561972,Posted: 15 July,all,Keeze,"Well i love this game but.... Sinleplayer is not nice at all.2 years earlier, I saw game have Zombie fortress but i see steam so i brought cause i through it has.But its dont have zombie fortress yet. so i ask some people that said they will update add later...But now its been 2 years STILL NO ZOMBIE FORTRESS!!!!!!!! Srsly i want play it but i would not recommend this without zombie fortress been 2 years. i cant find fun game anymore."
76561198117692222,Recommended,219830,23842859,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kilohundreds,Prett dank
76561198067180130,Not Recommended,219830,17573890,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,bub,game sucks
76561198073322191,Not Recommended,219830,16708891,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Filthy Magic,I cant figure out how to play this game. I have had it for a year and it still makes zero sense to me.
76561198012854670,Not Recommended,219830,17719654,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,FelCros,"Somehow this just doesnt work. Its a lot of good ideas and intentions without a clear game in mind, and it doesnt hang together like one would hope it should. Perhaps theres a real game somewhere in this but it doesnt present itself, even after playing the tutorial."
,Recommended,219830,20490604,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,From Above,9/10 This game is amazing!!! It has almost everything it needs! Well only one more thing: More game modes!!!
,Recommended,219830,12617900,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,black is back,"try it awesome , if you are starbound fan you got to check this game out"
76561198156578820,Recommended,219830,25156523,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Master Reaper Ozer,"All in all nice but , maybe add more solo mission levels, hopefully."
,Not Recommended,219830,20303996,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,The Hairline Bandit,"Years ago game was good, now servers are ded"
76561198081096494,Recommended,219830,25042037,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,NΔTE,"Sadly I can't say much about this game, it looks great from the trailer and the videos I have seen. But unfortunately I can't login with my steam account. I still give it a positive because I know it's an amazing game, only the community needs to grow."
,Recommended,219830,24972704,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Shadowspy,I love this game.
,Not Recommended,219830,26702259,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,navycrazed,"trailer is full of lies: movement is awkward, they make you charge your attacks and by the time you can use them youre ♥♥♥♥ed anyways, you can barely build♥♥♥♥♥♥in the time they give you, mouse is awkwardly placed so you have to place blocks above where you want them to be, its overall a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ experience."
76561197993108513,Recommended,219830,7754095,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Gabriev,"King Arthur's Gold is Terraria online deathmatch. The gameplay rollicks on like a Roman civil war stand-off; a grand construction race to build smarter fortifications.The class system is fairly bland and customization is purely aesthetic. Archer and Knight have uninteresting abilities, and the core mechanics of combat are too generic to make up for the lack of options. It is the Builder class that carries the depth of the game.It's with the Builder that KAG offers a real opportunity for creative destruction that few other games offer. Unfortunately, that creativity is buried under a mound of busy-work. With the amount of time spent gathering, dying, and watching your buildings be destroyed you'll often find yourself less of a visionary architect, and more of an exasperated maintenance man."
,Recommended,219830,7746824,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,hirosushima,This game is fun.
,Not Recommended,219830,23130969,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Pura,This game needs bug fix
76561198144512957,Recommended,219830,14449541,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,vlads,OMG I SO LOVE THIS GAME I JUST WANA  THX  THE DEVELOPERS AND OTHER WHO MADE THIS GAME OMG IS SOOO GOOD DAT I WANT TO EVEN DONATE IT
76561198116303432,Not Recommended,219830,11282511,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Very Sticky Demoman,The politics of this game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. From admins to guards to community of ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198075650842,Recommended,219830,17655465,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,alex,i love me some kag
76561198208615936,Not Recommended,219830,18575703,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,yoshizu,the servers didnt work
76561198072191023,Recommended,219830,14274647,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,LΣΣ⌠Φ¥ ⌡£∩K▌ⁿs,"King Arthur's Gold is quite a good game. It takes the building mechanics of Terraria, mashes it in with blood lust and vehicles, and then adds just a touch of- oh no- that is way more than a touch! IT IS FREAKING CHAOTIC AND INSANE AND FUN!  I can't explain it completely, but no match is the same. There are three stages to every match. The building stage, marked by a grace period to build and stuff, the... in-between phase, marked by people dashing around just trying to make enough cash to buy a massive bomb, and the final phase, marked by someone actually managing to coordinate an attack, which ends up decimating the other team and making an insane war-zone of death and chaos.The only con I can think of is the very chaos that makes it so original. When you start playing, it is incredibly confusing, and you end up failing a lot. Because of this, this game isn't for everyone, but if you can push past that bit, King Arthur's Gold is truly a gem."
,Not Recommended,219830,17765774,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,CampfireCat #standwithscotty,pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥tbh
76561198076950465,Recommended,219830,7805747,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Uplipht,"Really fun! Needs some balancing and polish! Great, original concept! Guarantees at least 20 hours of fun! 8.5/10"
,Recommended,219830,8788616,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,BrosBeforeHoes,"Good, but it could be better"
,Recommended,219830,12215111,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,F V C K,One of those games that reminds you of how simular triple a titles these days are
,Recommended,219830,11972267,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,saist,Very fun 14/10
76561198037080732,Recommended,219830,16449558,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Gentleman,"quite funny game,  in my opinion it MUSt have procedurall generated levels in order to play it alone... it will make the difference"
,Recommended,219830,13249910,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,[L.M.B 2nd S.L] Spooker West-468,"King Arthur's Gold is a great 2D medieval war game. With realistic physics and simple textures, it makes a great game."
76561198150919674,Not Recommended,219830,16766672,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Muttsulini,♥♥♥♥♥game♥♥♥♥♥♥life
,Recommended,219830,7751854,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,|MS| BlutBad,Muito Bom esse jogo !!!
,Recommended,219830,11645428,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,lil uzi vert,Amazing GG
76561198062663024,Not Recommended,219830,9365294,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Joshbutt,Full of prepuberty children who take the game way too serious.. the game is good other than that.
,Recommended,219830,14362108,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,CalKari,King Arthur's Gold is a really fun and exiciting game when u have a game of like 7 vs. 7. A winning game can be easily changed against the winning team with one vital strike. 10/10
76561198110944004,Not Recommended,219830,17905337,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Peachy Waffle,i dunno why i just simply dont think its fun1/10 would refund again
76561198032111743,Not Recommended,219830,21597462,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Darkwing,Too unforgiving for new players in multiplayer.Regret purchase.
,Not Recommended,219830,9220238,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Goof512,"Advertised for mac, i have yet to be able to play it, as it will not correctly authenticate a steam user's settings"
76561198025555471,Recommended,219830,8205498,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ghostlll1992,why dont they have trebuchets?
76561198135178160,Recommended,219830,25487743,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Plasmic,"this game is great the gameplay is terrific and the mods are some of the best i have ever seen, like aphelion's roleplay where you can be different creatures and Realm of Secrets which i cant tell you about, (it's a secret) but when you do play it prepare for treachery, a lot of death and the best moments of your life"
,Recommended,219830,20535841,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,DEJO,This like terraria but not scifi moreMedival and mmo
76561198038482457,Recommended,219830,7840165,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Minst_Meat,"This game.... this game, is what you called a time of building a castle and feeling proud, then defending it and eventually losing(or winning) the battle. If you like building things kinda like terraria but also like 40+ multiplayer conflict to the death."
76561198048161849,Recommended,219830,7846895,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Robert Edward O. Speedwagon,"an incredibly fun fast paced pvp based game, with an incredibly friendly community. the corntrolls are simple, matches usualy dont last longer than 5 minuets, it is a great game that is suprisingly deep."
76561198060212511,Recommended,219830,16028040,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Spaghetti Joe 2 Electricboogaloo,I have so far only played an hour of this game. already i can see that is it absolutely fantastic. with its retro style 8. Bit graphics it really does make it hard to dislike.For £6.99 it is a must buy10/10
,Recommended,219830,13246989,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,*SoGz*Gabriel,good gameplay and balls
,Recommended,219830,7952018,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Hefo,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,219830,17831903,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Terracraft,Check Out ShadowMachine's Gaming league (Curator me)--------------------------------------------------------------BEST GAIM EVEH FOLLOW MU CURATZ AND JOIN DA FUN!
,Recommended,219830,13190186,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,RedPandaPaws,"This game has so much potential. The gameplay and mechanics are fun as hell. But GOD the GRIEFERS on this game are just so numerous. I really wish the dev's would put some effort into fixing the griefing and the exploits.Still an ok game if you can handle all that though, just don't play team deathmatch, (professional tryhards with no lives live there)."
,Not Recommended,219830,13574338,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Demosthenes,game is dead
76561198072048666,Recommended,219830,14999566,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Anon,managed to destroy entire base and grab flag with my bomb10/10
76561198069567335,Recommended,219830,9753071,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,ohmangoddamn,this game is awesome!! so many things to do!
,Recommended,219830,34592342,Posted: 29 August,all,Blondie,too toxic for human consumption
,Not Recommended,219830,18082479,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Gab,"I remember playing this game a while back, and thoroughly enjoying it (i never got the full version, however). So when I saw KAG on steam, I was like ""oh boy a game that i liked better go buy it"". When it downloaded, I opened it and already ran into a bug; the game's window was bugged. I went to the options panel on the menu, but nothing. Nothing about fullscreen or the resolution, just controls and other nonsense. It took me 5 minutes to find on google that you had to change it BEFORE pressing play on the little window that pops up. Why not just put it in the settings? Is it some sort of limitation on the software used to create the game?So, after fixing up my resolution, I decide to play a little bit of sandbox. And god it's horrible. Back in the old time of KAG, it had a simple building layout, with 8 things on it. Simple and easy. Now you have all these wires and lamps and other bullcrap that don't actually need using.WHAT THE HELL IS WIRE DOING IN A MEDIEVAL GAME, ANYWAY?I couldn't even select things properly, they just select themself when you scroll over them. This is when I quit. Honestly, I couldn't give two damns about the community, I just want that damn build menu fixed. Until then, I'm going to have to give this a 2/10.why must you hurt me in this way"
76561198064876720,Not Recommended,219830,20478325,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Nosehair of Justice,EEEEHHHHHHH
,Recommended,219830,17315991,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Evilous,▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198003174259,Not Recommended,219830,7749123,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,CrankyCoon,"This was a great game... at first.But players, the horrible balancing system, etc. really ruin it.It is a good game, but players ruin the experience.*update*I went back to the game and it's still annoying.  You can spend an hour on a team then forced to switch sides for balance despite coming in ahead of many other players.I still can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,219830,7633243,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Pandora Fay,"Manic multiplayer combat, think terraria inspired landscapes mixed with ace of spades."
,Recommended,219830,29136316,Posted: 9 January,all,DeBussi,"confusing, i join any game, i ask for their guide, no one giv a syhit"
,Not Recommended,219830,24761202,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,drone110266,"Fun if you like multiplayer, the single player ""game"" is a joke."
76561198144406629,Recommended,219830,23440391,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,NotSurvivalCZ hellcase.com,That game is the Best of the Bests game ever.. :)10/10 !
,Not Recommended,219830,17323342,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Joke Name,"This is a pretty good game. Its core gameplay is pretty good I guess, but the game in general seems a little... Lacking. There are only 3 classes, and that's not that bad. There is also a pitiful amount to do in single player. Let's say that you're power is out. You dont know when it'll be back online. Uh-oh! Let's go onto the laptop and play some King Arthur's Gold. You play for 10 minutes and you finish the campaign. Well that sucks. That's the whole single player experience. Right there. There's local play, which is okay, in itself, but there is also no single-player vs. AI mode, meaning that you HAVE to play online. That sucks because it is the only way to play the dang game. So, the power's back up! Yay! You go online and... Oh. Nobody is ever really playing this. So, the biggest your tiny little TDM match you'll ever get is probably about 3v3. Keep in mind, 6 people. Wheh! 6 people! THAT. IS. SOOOOOOOOOOO MANY PEOPLE. Look past the crappy user count, and then there is a pvp terraria-like game that has 95% less content.Final score- 4/10: There are many good things about this game- The character skins, the gameplay, the maps, the balanced EVERYTHING *side note: There are NO overpowered items, other than maybe siege weapons, but those are expensive as heck*, the crafting systems, but those are countered in excess by the game's cons.Notes for Developers:Great game so far, it has a lot of potential, but really just doesn't make the cut, content-wise.  A few requests: Like I said-    Single-Player vs. AI mode, Steam Workshop mod support, more classes, like maybe a wizard or something, some more blocks, some more map variety, like maybe a dead forest, an overcast field, y'know, for ambience, and, maybe, custom loadouts that might do things like raise an archer's arrow speed, but make them do less damage (These would work pretty well with the afore mentioned workshop support *nudge nudge*),but, that's just about it.Notes For Everyone:Wow. That was a LOT of rambling. If this is like your favorite game ever, I'm sorry, I may have exaggerated a bit about the Terraria thing. Really, not that similar the more I think about it. I was refering to the build system and the 2-D retro graphics. Anyway, hope you have a great day and I didn't ruin it :p."
,Recommended,219830,25332374,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,WampaDeath,"I'm afraid, I haven't played enough to give a good and full review."
,Not Recommended,219830,8536441,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Whiffy M.D.,Community as bad as a MOBA's without any of the depth.
,Not Recommended,219830,26706608,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Bryce <3,"Great game, I had it when it was relatively new. but it's super dead nowDO NOT BUY THIS THERE ARE NO MORE PLAYERS[/b]You might find like, four people in heavily modded community servers, but otherwise all the servers are 0/64Maybe if you get a bunch of friends together it would be fun for a while, maybe a good YT vid or two if you do that stuff, but from a standard consumer standpoint don't buy thisSo sad, because the game was really great when it was alive"
,Not Recommended,219830,25695011,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,alexbali25,Wtf is with the multiplayer?All the servers say: No Ping or Unresponsive or Not RespondingI cant join anythingI have super great internetAnd I see players playing on itWTF IS WRONG WITH IT!?
,Recommended,219830,29806360,Posted: 9 February,all,K.M.T,kag
76561198072988356,Not Recommended,219830,30133831,Posted: 23 February,all,Catnapper,"It's a fun concept. Unfortunately, the game is so dead that when I played YEARS ago there was one server with people on it and the game was decided by which team's hacker was more determined."
76561198055527532,Not Recommended,219830,8343667,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Trollhammerin,I dont recommend this game since it has a very hard learning curve and makes no sense when u first start playing
,Not Recommended,219830,8317834,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,fantasminha,"Problemas com login, server vazios, e os cheios não consigo entrar,mesmo sendo muito legal, quando funciona, tem tantos problemas que eu NAO RECOMENDO"
76561198006285101,Not Recommended,219830,8463339,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,andyuk5uk,didnt take my fancy
,Not Recommended,219830,10948906,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[2BAD] Mr. Hyde,I need a separate account for a steam game? How about NO?
,Not Recommended,219830,28614246,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Thesidekick,"Game is very buggy, Multiplayer is not fun as there is barely anyone on it, As good as it may look I do not recommend."
,Recommended,219830,25051426,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Skilldevader,Confirmed that my hours prove i know nothing about this game 10/10 Still loving it
76561198204578837,Not Recommended,219830,24122454,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BUBBZ,poop
76561198073356688,Not Recommended,219830,22263337,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Memes,"Despite the countless hours I've put into this game, KAG becomes quite a bore after a while, and very little skill is needed; the glitches are more influential to the outcome of a game than the players, and lag is the main driving force behind this game--although there are those who will disagree, such as Nega Blazerino, KAG involves almost no skill at all."
,Not Recommended,219830,7974151,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Time Warner Sales Rep,"I got this game after seeing some video footage by scrambling to sell a bunch of Dota 2 items and cards, and boy was I dissappointed. Little to no direction and servers where you can do little else but die repeatedly upon spawning. Such a shame."
,Not Recommended,219830,8706442,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Kæstel,"This game is simply too ""messy""and im not a guy who are used to dugde a game by its grapicsi played terraia and i like the artstyle there but not in this...and the controls are not the best eitheri just simply cant recommend it"
76561198008856914,Not Recommended,219830,12238756,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,leo1380,this game was ok for about 2 hoursbut then i got bored of it really quickly because it has the same tacticss as most other games and now i have jsut left it there for monthsi see thbe games potential but usally it lags out or unfair balance so i cannot get much enjoyment4/10
76561198043282649,Not Recommended,219830,10983063,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jason,Wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Friends tell me game is good. I waste money and buy it.Games says are you new or link steam acc. I click im new i enter details for an acc. Authentication denied.Tried again but wait my email is now taken repeated multiple times and i still can't play the game. Money not well spent.1/10 - Game informerEdit: The pvp sucks aswell i got told holding left click is better than spamming it. I get owned by people spamming swinging their swords
76561198048332965,Recommended,219830,25346058,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Donald J Trump,I joined into a game for my first time and the first thing that happend to me was that i was called a c**t. IGN 11/10 game of the year
,Not Recommended,219830,9935910,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Banjo Kaboom,"This has to be the biggest waste of my money ever. If you want a fun open world game, get Terraria. This game looks fun but it's not. It's very confusing, the menu looks very outdated and unfinished, and the sandbox worlds are tiny compared to what other games offer, like Terraria."
76561198045551779,Not Recommended,219830,8855117,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Swirlyraptor486,"I mean i'm sure it's a good game just not the game for me, i don't like the building mechanic and the game looks better in the trailers"
76561198032803006,Not Recommended,219830,8252040,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,BM77,there are no people playing it and you keep crashing I thin k it needs allot of debugging... Not worht 7 euros in my opinion
,Not Recommended,219830,15383817,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Kinrany,"Lots of awesome mechanics, but combat sucks too much."
,Recommended,219830,21877170,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,fuccie,i do not recommend this game (!?)
76561198155438587,Not Recommended,219830,15679390,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,JustABean,I HAD TO ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT TWICE IF YOU ARE GOING TO BUY IT BUY IT FROM THEIR STUPID SITE!!!!!!!!!
76561198077086706,Recommended,219830,16537593,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,1989,f       u          c          k                    this game
,Not Recommended,219830,24982470,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,cpd ceps,cannot authenticate cannot creat a ♥♥♥♥ing account
76561198089791459,Recommended,219830,14728374,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ziremonger,Look how many hours iv played
76561198156011140,Not Recommended,219830,19592667,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,robert740,The trailer made me buy this game and all the positive reviews but please listen to the other negative reviews they can explain better but atleast i got a refund and bought terria wich is actually fun
,Not Recommended,219830,10804567,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,AcerolaKissShot,"Imposible to set up server when connected through steam, won't accept my non-unique nickname on steam, buggy as all hell.0/10,♥♥♥♥♥♥game, waste of money"
,Not Recommended,219830,10876845,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,BentoFox,"Bought the 4-Pack like me thinking you could just easily have your friend/s join you to try the game and try different modes...?Well, fat chance. You can't.Multiplayer is done only via Dedicated Servers~ hosting your own is done by editing a text file with horrible overview in which you have to state virtually all parameters of the hosted game - including the game type. So no ""trying a different mode"". You have to stop the server, change that text file, start a new server~Further - bots don't exist. So you either play with others or you don't play at all.In my opinion this sucks, I'm a complete noob at this game and so is the 'friend' I'm trying it out with and we don't want to drag another team down with our inability nor do we want to be constantly slaughtered by pros.I wish I knew this before, would just have bought one copy for myself then."
76561198084673182,Not Recommended,219830,8213653,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MisterSidrat,Ugh.
,Not Recommended,219830,8047144,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Ame Meow,"This game single player mode is crap, little content,I evne wonder why they took the time to create a single player mode in the first place.This game isnt worth its sell value at all,at least I got it cheap in steam black friday sales.This game only seems to have ""dynamic"" gameplay on multiplayer server,and only if yunless ou plan to goof around in a 2D game and just mess around this game is not for you!Get Terraria instead much more to do in single player and in multiplayer you can almost have the same  if not better(IMO better for sure) gameplay PVP experience."
76561198011915835,Not Recommended,219830,8602470,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,brotherofbuff,The trailer made it seem like grand scale combat with lots of players. Basically you play in a tiny map with 20 players. Not much time for building a fortress to create scenes from the trailer too. Only played this game a few times and got bored. Not even worth 5$ to me.
,Not Recommended,219830,11058228,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Taylor Moon,"Wait for release, unplayable in its current state due to no tutorial or anything."
,Not Recommended,219830,21923496,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Drowzie,Join server and get votekicked because some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥can't make a proper trap. I fell into it twice and he goes... uuhhhh Griefer....
76561198055756611,Recommended,219830,23841990,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,miller713,ive put 1 or 2 hours in on this game and all i have to say is get it its on sail
76561197998887299,Recommended,219830,10001602,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Sniblet,3.8/5
,Recommended,219830,7793394,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,James Neutron,YES IF YOU LIKE TAKING A HUGE SHIZA IN THINGS DIS IS DA GAME FOR YA
76561198102312790,Not Recommended,219830,15404052,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ezra Jeremiah,Did not like and I wish I could sell it...
76561198106943935,Not Recommended,219830,14987293,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,๋,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game... any game with ♥♥♥♥ing kick mechanics is such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t just full of russian trolly kids
12345676543345543,Recommended,219830,22279555,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ded,"Wow, this game is fun."
76561198150024707,Not Recommended,219830,14758074,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Chairman Meow,ITS A HORRIBLE GANE!!!!!
,Recommended,219830,7936883,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,The Punisher,Amazing :D
,Not Recommended,219830,18854491,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"I've only played single-player, but it was pretty boring and pointless. I can't tell if this is supposed to be a goof-off game or a real combat platformer.Anyway, meh."
,Not Recommended,219830,19994388,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Reap,I thought this game was going to be a great little fun number but instead it feels like a cluster of errors that somehow make a nonsense rubbish game
76561198213381892,Not Recommended,219830,20577146,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,uncoilingAlgorithms [UA],"I can't play on any servers because I have to buy the ""full version"" (another 10 dollars) on the game's website.  Plus theveryfew options makes it impossible to make the game actually look and play nice, unless you're running on windows 4.  Good concept and ideas, excecuted poorly; I'm dissapointed."
76561197962830590,Not Recommended,219830,14606133,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Manly PMS,"What the heck is this? The trailer makes the game look way more smooth and fun than it is. First co-op game i've absolutely hated, ever.The dedicated server system setup is about the worst i've ever seen by far as well."
,Not Recommended,219830,15229269,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Koreaboo,Actually cancer.
76561198067874408,Not Recommended,219830,14318131,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,liverlyncher,♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198110480251,Recommended,219830,23846944,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,☯Flame2Flame☯,"Great game, never gets old!"
,Recommended,219830,32945144,Posted: 28 June,all,BushClinton,G O L D
,Not Recommended,219830,26057680,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,pizzasoda,FIX IT.
76561198183187214,Recommended,219830,31987004,Posted: 26 May,all,Hayden Luther,hmm well thins may be a 1 time thing but it logged me out and then it says i have to buy the game...but i alredy had 75 hrs on the game.
76561198131335865,Not Recommended,219830,25960662,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Lake_Squidington,"Can't resize text to work with my computer, makes the game unplayable."
76561198051816737,Recommended,219830,19395902,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,sivlezzub,This game is funThe community is notThe community is like a bunch of 5 year olds on crack. It's hard to find a server without dip♥♥♥♥♥
76561198004802219,Not Recommended,219830,32160315,Posted: 3 June,all,夢夢💕,kind of a dead game for sea region :(
,Not Recommended,219830,32932523,Posted: 28 June,all,Gotouu21,No one is playing multiplayer.
76561198000434019,Not Recommended,219830,17790778,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Derptor Who,More like King Arthur's Lag
76561198053433638,Not Recommended,219830,9938218,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Ramö,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ok its♥♥♥♥♥♥ There are only 4 ♥♥♥♥ing game mods. These are the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game mods CTF, TDM, Take the halls, and challenge. And the look of the game lies to you. Oh yeah, the maps. Nearly one of the boringest maps I ever played on.The only thing I liked were the chickens and the other few wild life in this game. The combat is broken, you just hold left click until you ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sowrd lights up and let go of your mouse and you get a kill. Seems fun right? WORNG. People in this game are like what 6 or 9?My final verdict for this♥♥♥♥♥♥is a 3/10! A piece of garbage!"
,Not Recommended,219830,35321433,Posted: 29 September,all,Saluto Al Duce!❤,"It's a pretty nice game tbh, shame there's no people on the online mode."
76561198015622349,Recommended,219830,7831309,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Scotty0002,Awsome
,Recommended,219830,12957801,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Sarcastick,It was good while it lasted but the story was incredibly short and boss battle was incredibly annoying and hardThe controls are solid but the tutorials do a pretty bad job of telling you properly what does whatThe flow of the game is pretty quick but the combat is pretty slowIf you want a short game then this is pretty good just don't expect a lot from the money you spend on this
,Recommended,219830,8021298,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Rusyn,"KAG is a very interesting title and, while still rough around the edges, is a pretty fleshed out multiplayer game in its current state. You'll get angry, and you'll get proud, and then you'll go back to angry, all within a matter of ten to twenty seconds, but trust me- if you read the wiki and learn the tricks to playing effectively and competitively, you'll definitely enjoy this game.Word of warning though, your teammates won't always cooperate so much."
,Recommended,219830,12579225,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,TT,"Great game IMO, still in beta though :c"
76561198123293589,Not Recommended,219830,14828502,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,SpurngeBerb,I keep crashing
,Recommended,219830,25507409,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mr.Guru,well years down the road still no summoner class i call tomfoolery
76561198096777902,Recommended,219830,30316441,Posted: 4 March,all,❤Mii,>^owo^<
,Not Recommended,219830,11838104,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,püppchen,Underwhelming
,Not Recommended,219830,13812292,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,xxxheraxxx,"I got this game in hope of a really cool pixel, terraria style game, well this game just isnt that, the controls are hard to get around and the are many limitations within that just make it all hard on you. You are better of getting somthing like minecraft or any other sandbox pixel game."
,Not Recommended,219830,16893519,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Shadow the Edgehog,1) Stuff and people slip through solid blocks.2) (some maps with mods) often buildings options can't be chosen3) Very buggy4) Frustration5) Mlg kids6) Empty servers
76561198204252963,Recommended,219830,23335164,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,pão cheroso (mito),qsdc3rfcvr3f
76561198088524924,Not Recommended,219830,20496103,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Lit Mitt,"Community is dead, fun mostly dwells in multiplayer. Not worth full price. Grab friends if u wanna play it"
76561197971987500,Not Recommended,219830,15220096,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Photom,$14 and 5 minutes of my time I will never get back.
,Not Recommended,219830,16559372,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Geofferic,"There really isn't any single player here, it's completely void of any play value.  Definitely no replay value.  As I sincerely could not give half a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about multiplayer, I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,219830,11865872,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,يخفف,This game is striaght doodoo from my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219830,9158995,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Ayyyylien,I have 122 games on steam and i can proudly say this is my favorite.
,Not Recommended,219830,29472082,Posted: 24 January,all,Nickali134,multiplayer is dead and i get kicked out of many lobbies for no reason and thee save the queen mode or challenges don''t work at all.
01001001011001011,Not Recommended,219830,30124429,Posted: 23 February,all,Legolas,"Game is broken,website is bad,game is dead,not worth it"
76561198085907808,Not Recommended,219830,11458659,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Cchillz,Couldn't play over an hour of this game. 1/10.
76561197964652350,Not Recommended,219830,12990080,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,SUDDExc,"One of the most underrated games. As of writing this I can't recommend it because they have changed things that I don't personally like to cater to the more elite crowd - and all the elite crowd does is use macros. In order to actually completely please that crowd though, I think they would have to redesign the game.With that said, it was definitely fun and worth the money. I was always able to find a full server, even if that meant playing on overseas servers, although you risk getting temp-banned for high ping (rare though, but be aware that you should have a good internet connection).Pros:Explosives & dynamic options to leverage physics (bomb jumping if you shield down on a bomb, for example)Castle building with interesting mechanics including team-only doors, and 2 types of block materialEasy to jump into a gamePlenty of mods, and also completely moddable via LUAMods include Role-playing modes, extra vehicles and weapons, entirely new games like Shiprekt and BunnyfectionRelatively fast matches (less so since the update where you can repair over damaged blocks)Cons:It can run slowly on a lot of computers, because the code is apparently unoptimized afaik (devs have mentionned they're trying to get this fixed but their company head is slow to approve patches)Occasional glitches (including animation glitches which are frustrating because they can completely mask what an enemy is holding)No way to stop macro users (a mouse macro can completely break this game, disagree or not it is actually a bigger problem than some people realize)I want to give this a thumbs up, but in the current state a lot of matches either go to server crashes or ties which can get kind of boring. You also need a fairly good rig to have this game play smoothly (sorry non-pc master race).If the pros outweight the cons to you though, this may be worth a buy, it just happens to be right on a tipping point for me though where I can't recommend it to everyone (and I sincerely apologize to the devs, because I think they are actually trying really hard to fix it)."
,Not Recommended,219830,13933295,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mostly Harmless,"Absurdly difficult learning curve.  Veteran players just instagib you.  Low player base, laggy servers.  Waste of 10 bucks.  :-["
76561198114020400,Not Recommended,219830,22947728,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,jedzge,be prepared to beg...there is only one ctf server and when someone suggest you are greifing....u get banned and cant play anymore
,Recommended,219830,30548652,Posted: 16 March,all,1stRVR | Rct. Penn,its good
76561198049463196,Not Recommended,219830,34555560,Posted: 28 August,all,Buhan,KAG Classic was better.
,Recommended,219830,9783733,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Multi,This game rocks. Buy it
,Not Recommended,219830,16532760,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,PENIS Centipede,2/10♥♥♥♥ing duplo kids ruining my experience. They can't build a proper ♥♥♥♥ing castle. They are a bunch of duplo ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I can build a castle like a lego pro. Duplo ♥♥♥♥ sucks.
76561197975976736,Not Recommended,219830,13754570,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,spammeplz,"The game never starts, if there aren't enough players on each side. The controls / mechanics for building are a bit off. Will give it a try with a friend, but the game just doesn't feel polished."
,Not Recommended,219830,17717349,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,NNLocke,Crashed 4/6 times that I ran it. Terrerria rip off with some new bells. Snore.2/10.
,Not Recommended,219830,15818098,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mixed Nuts,"Doesn't even work, do not buy. 0.5/10"
,Not Recommended,219830,13661707,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,NanoTrap,"Dont buy this trashsave your moneyThis game consist of Kid like ""Medival""Medival is freindly with Devso he can request ban player for himif you r fight with ""Medival"" he will request permanant ban to Dev or service team( not team really )As One Wordthis game is TRASH"
76561197984215998,Not Recommended,219830,8813941,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Picoune,"Join a game where tutorial dont teach you♥♥♥♥♥♥and user interface is not user friendly, enjoy"
76561198149216725,Not Recommended,219830,14913061,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,honeybadger258,Classic version was cool. This is trash and I want a refund. I have 6gb ram and it can't even run at 10 fps. Even when it runs at a decent fps it is still horrible. Graphics are kewl though. 3/10
76561198109856705,Not Recommended,219830,21014645,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Danny,I got borded after this game after about a day of playing. I wanted to refund the game cause i knew i would never play it again but i couldn't.
,Not Recommended,219830,14229231,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Iziin,"This game is really glitchy. While you playing on servers , if only there is difference in ping between you and your opponent (for example-16 ping lower than you), you will die almost everytime you try to kill him. Also, this game has no realistic combat system, even when you know for 1000% that you defended yourself from attack, you die because ""you can"". I have played KAG since classic (before Steam and approximately 900h on this gaming platform) and I know that since few updates, like 4 of them, this game got buggy, laggy and glichy on every server. I keep playing in hope that in the end the developers fix, what they ruined a few updates ago. For now I don't reccomend this game (only 30% positive)."
,Not Recommended,219830,23765652,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Roasty Toasty,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!This game's trailer is way to misleading. It looks very cool at first but the game itself is very confusing, hard to play, has a horrible launcher, and only a couple official servers. Single player is pointless and boring to no end. Traps are barely visible and even if you DO see them the controls are so ""drifty"" that you may end up landing on it anyway. Although the classes are fairly balanced no one will be a builder or defend your flag (If you are playing CTF) because of the lack of communication, and strange emojis.In conclusion this game is definetly not worth your money. Heck I even bought it when it was $14.99!  If you do buy it, you will not enjoy playing it, and you will regret your decision."
76561197967335283,Not Recommended,219830,29290519,Posted: 15 January,all,AlienPoo,game is dead nobody plays it anymore.
,Not Recommended,219830,29866778,Posted: 11 February,all,rip ur entire party lol,"pretty fun, but i can't recommend it.the game itself is awesome, but the community is just... eugh"
76561198015255364,Not Recommended,219830,8766975,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,DerSalinatör,"single player mission is crap. you cannot kill the shark, you cannot kill the bull, you cannot change the keys properly. the graphics could be better. it alwqays looks not sharp"
76561198079491774,Not Recommended,219830,17125925,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Pumpkinator,"Amazing game, i had a ton of fun playing it, but the only reason i have played it so much is because i am on an old computer that i am soon to replace, for this game is infested with viruses. If you do not care for computer anymore i highly recommend this game for you, but if you do care about ur computer then I highly suggest avoiding this game, for it will distroy your computer."
76561198254657125,Not Recommended,219830,32965741,Posted: 28 June,all,Spiruxy,Barely anyone playing
,Not Recommended,219830,29135386,Posted: 8 January,all,cody the poor,cant even play says i need to buy it welp waste of 10$
,Not Recommended,219830,24379993,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Yasin byn,More people playing in the trailer than people playing the game.
,Not Recommended,219830,29260677,Posted: 14 January,all,Frakk,"WELL... First I bough this game, I had to register on a different page... Okay. On prepaching, it crashes. If I run it from its folder, it works, until I want to joint to a server. It tells me I need to buy the game. TOTALLY WASTE OF MONEY. - and time.KEEP OFF!!!"
76561198118630250,Not Recommended,219830,9097713,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,XN | Adam Whitney,"Definetely not worth it. Its that bad, Im speechless. Literally.If you want a review of a game you want a review from, buy the game for me, and Ill write a review ASAP.Your pal, Spud."
76561198126637883,Not Recommended,219830,29994572,Posted: 17 February,all,El Blanco,"One word came to mind when playing this game: ""meh"""
76561198018778923,Not Recommended,219830,12969745,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,john the sheriff,this game keep crash and it want start
,Not Recommended,219830,30060748,Posted: 20 February,all,Morty C-137,"This game looked cool at first...But NO, BAD, NOT GOOD!!!I Refunded it..."
76561198048119049,Not Recommended,219830,30132683,Posted: 23 February,all,SleepySkull,The game is dead.Empty.Nada.Gone.Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,219830,9340793,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Coolbloxxie,This game is bad. I wish I could actually change class...... I do NOT recommend this game at all!
76561198035380665,Recommended,219830,34751232,Posted: 5 September,all,аутизм,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░███████░░░░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒█░░░██▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███░░░░░█▒▒▒█░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█████████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░█▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░████████████░░░█████████████████
,Not Recommended,219830,32797847,Posted: 25 June,all,Dark Arc,"This game is really confusing, the interface our outdated and untuitive, and overall it just wasn't fun to play. I'm more of one to play games with friends, and this didn't seem well suited for that."
76561197974458600,Not Recommended,219830,14606276,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Cloud,"Just literally the worst game I've played on steam, I've been playing games for 10+ years and this game takes the cake. It's advertised like a starbound/terraria game but it pales in the shadow of them. A complete pile of steaming dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ 9.99, got to be kidding me."
,Not Recommended,219830,10639889,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fAT_cUCK_mEMES,this game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ nuf sed
,Not Recommended,219830,25792299,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Johnny,Not that it's not fun...the problem here is that... it's BORING! It could be better! Get it only on sale!
,Recommended,219830,30783315,Posted: 27 March,all,ParmaSean,░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄ Stark is building an army to take over the steam workshop.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂ ... \☻/︻╦╤─ Copy and paste him all over the work shop so heIl███████████████████]. ▌ can force steam to lower there prices◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤ / \ Fight for Stark !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,219830,25846357,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Spooky Rage Boy,2.5/10
,Not Recommended,219830,26073389,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lion,"Well, for starters, the hour that I have of this gave was not gameplay, it was literally just loading, authenticating, and ERROR, after ERROR, after ERROR.  And apperently there are no server registrations availible, whatever thae means.  Anyway, my experience with this game so far has been overall bad and I would NOT, I repeat, NOT reccomend this to anyone, they also might think that its a copy of terraria."
,Not Recommended,219830,7931190,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,The Void,"Absolute disapointment, giant let down, no way to recover from this deplorable act of falsehoods and betrayal. First of all, game looked alright - I was all ""Sweet bro, it's like Minecrafts 2d clone, aka Terraria, but there's GOLD and swords and♥♥♥♥♥♥and wait this has been done before."" so I bought it. Thinking that there would be, indeed, King Arthurs Gold to be recovered. Instead I got a fat knight. A fat archer, and some bro with a bag slung over his shoulder.Excuse me. None of these fat people are King Arthur.There's gold. Sure. Only. It's dropped from killing other players, and your average life span from all the spam clicking knights is about 2 seconds, so good luck taking that home to your widow you ♥♥♥♥ing idiot.Overall 1/10. Compleat feces. I would have rather pounded $6.69 worth of sand up my♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219830,14039960,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,HummingShadow,"Launched myself off a catapult. Landed on a guy, killed him, then glided over a body of water on my shield, chopped a guy, jumped onto a wall, then exploded.420/69 would explode again."
,Not Recommended,219830,23719397,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,WombRaider,meh
76561197964617671,Not Recommended,219830,16485521,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dropdead,ok this game blows bad graphics bad controls bad everythin dont waste your money
76561198025663928,Not Recommended,219830,28179632,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Tenee,Plays like crap. Not very fun. Almost no one online.Nice pixel graphics though. Don't buy it unless its heavily discounted and you have friends who you really hate.
,Recommended,219830,25338918,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SlaveBoy,you were expecting a review but it was me DIO
76561198076746999,Not Recommended,219830,15643622,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,The Catholic Review,Horrible Game DO NOT BUY IT!!!!!!!
76561198206215811,Not Recommended,219830,29249715,Posted: 14 January,all,kermit,meh...
76561198246463992,Not Recommended,219830,34782546,Posted: 6 September,all,chuckyetty,the games dead but at least the delete and refund button works
76561198054360319,Not Recommended,219830,25804021,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dope King,no servers at all
,Not Recommended,219830,32803477,Posted: 25 June,all,Snighpure,Yeah this game was not fun at all... I couldn't take another second of it!
76561198022272502,Not Recommended,219830,23803306,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,BoJack,"Perhaps I didn't experience the game enought for me to judge it properly, but I dont have a chance to since it's either stuck on ""Steam Authentification"" or showing zero available servers.Here's what I think of the game so far:It lacks finess. The game is far from being polished, the controls are sloppy, the movements - slippery. Absolutely no precision whatsoever.The playable characters are meh. Your basic archer with a grappling hook, your basic swordsman with a sword and your basic builder from terraria. There is something to playing as archer, but there's no feeling of agility or speed. There's no fun playing as a knight because he basically has two attacks. Battling somebody as a knight is a game of chance. You just press ""hit"" and ""shield"" erraticaly and hope for the best because it's too fast to be able to have a proper fight. The ""terraria"" aspect of the game is pretty laughable. It's funny how they didnt even get mining right ( the white box keeps jumping from one tile to another"".  The whole game  basically feels like a buggy terraria done badly. The only time multiplayer worked for me it was pretty bad. There were always like 10 people on screen and it was a complete clusterf**k. I even enjoyed the first several minutes but only because it was cute like a basket of puppies colliding blidnly with each other. After that it wasnt a game really. Just a huge mess, where you always lose the sight of your character due to a rainbow of meshed colors.The destruction is there. The ships are there also but idk it felt like they were implemented poorly. For instance, when you're standing on top of a ship and it starts moving, you dont move with it but just remain static. You have to get inside it not to sall off and drown which is bizzare.I'll probably check this game out in some time. For now  3/10"
,Not Recommended,219830,25493505,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Bongoloid,This KAGThis game is for childrenif you're over age 12 you wont enjoy it.why would you play it for 250 hrs
,Not Recommended,219830,13024276,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,GusDeCooL,"First of all, this is not a complete sandbox game. Well, it's allow you to build something but only wall and war tools.Second: this game more into action than building things.Third: this game have bugs that make it close the apps.Four: Seems promising in multiplayer game, but unfortunately there's no gamer play in asia region :(If you looking for complete sandbox game, then this game not for you :("
,Not Recommended,219830,11765544,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,(((GINGER KANG WITH AIDS✡))),I spent ♥♥♥♥ING 11 € for this ♥♥♥♥ING piece of ♥♥♥♥♥. It's like identical version of Terraria except you cannot do anything there but a fighting against other players. Sounds good? It would even be good if the fighting system would be about anything except pressing left mouse button
,Not Recommended,219830,26165984,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,shadowknight6,this game is terrable do not buy it spend your money on a GOOD game like terraria or crosscode
76561198037393879,Not Recommended,219830,23781222,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Shill,Eh.
76561198081567553,Not Recommended,219830,12558891,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,ratboy83,"So laggy, lots of griefing."
76561198090865493,Not Recommended,219830,7837030,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Remi Rex,This is one of the worst games i paid good money for. I rather buy 20 copies bad rats instead of playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Whoever made this game i want him to kill him selve.
76561198204346851,Not Recommended,219830,31678525,Posted: 10 May,all,Puncakenyx,"Sorry but i tought this game was fun but its the opposite its hard, not fun i am not enjoying it.    5/10    this is the lowest point i can give to a game."
,Not Recommended,219830,32706165,Posted: 23 June,all,Marvin Bernard,eh
,Not Recommended,219830,28607412,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,♜W0LF♜,"probaly the worst game i bought im,getting a refund"
,Not Recommended,219830,29391691,Posted: 20 January,all,Pennywise the Dancing Clown,This is the most trash game if you even consider it a game. Bryson is the most trash person at it...
,Not Recommended,219830,31213172,Posted: 17 April,all,twigleg2,"I bought this game because I thought it might be like Terarria with a heavy multiplayer focus.  I was very disapointed with this game because of the steep learning curve, the toxic community, and the lack of content."
,Not Recommended,219830,31644353,Posted: 9 May,all,lpsflame,horible i hated it and i could not get a refund
,Not Recommended,219830,34128398,Posted: 9 August,all,greg,one of the worst games ive ever played
76561198115794889,Not Recommended,219830,34989462,Posted: 15 September,all,TicklishPickleWickle,hi
76561198062174025,Recommended,219830,10270219,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,►Frog◄ AFK for 8ish months,♥♥♥♥ YEA
,Recommended,219830,10407952,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Sirion Bloodmoon,This is a game I will recommend all players to try. It is a game I have played much together with my friends.
,Recommended,219830,7636810,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Hemicton,"This game is amazing. Never ending fun, and you never know what happens next. Anything can turn the tide of battle."
,Recommended,219830,7593949,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Rampant_Chicken,This game looks awesome! Need someone to play with!
,Recommended,219830,10320689,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,SoulboundTurtle,"Wonderful game, a mix of terraria and beautiful destruction with lovely smooth fighting when you can't blame your keyboard, defintely worth $10."
,Recommended,219830,8459761,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Arscent,Terraria style mechanics with team death match gameplay. Enough said?
,Recommended,219830,7734263,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Ki-45,This game is amazing. Seriously. Especially with mods.IZ GOLD. IZ MADE OF COW INTESTINE.
,Recommended,219830,8380568,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MistahPops,It's like Chivalry and Tarreria had a baby that has awesome destruction physics.
76561198108140335,Recommended,219830,8556725,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,noname7777,love it but it takes a while to get used to.
,Recommended,219830,8558925,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,docmars,"This game is some of the most fun I've had in competitive multiplayer in a long, long time. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,219830,8558998,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Anonchy,"Absolutely love this game. Picture Terraria style, with great multiplayer. The physics of destruction are awesome, and I cannot begin to describe the satisfaction of watching an entire tower collapse because you through a ""keg"" at it. One of my favorite PC games of all time."
,Recommended,219830,8559838,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Stilla,Buy it.
,Recommended,219830,8551899,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,WildGrizzlyBear,Fun game but requires more improvement..
76561198084939921,Recommended,219830,8554408,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Total anime fan >3,"I think this is good way how to spend time . It doesn't cost much and it has got some modes for the example : zombie mod , atc. , but i don't know how to play as knight :D . Can you learnt me ? :)"
76561198051573508,Recommended,219830,8518619,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,100-Yen Hero,This game is easy to run and fun to play! A definite must if you're looking for a new multiplayer experience!
,Recommended,219830,8803447,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Robbie Rotten,"Well if you like Tf2 and minecraft combine them together and add a little terraria and you get this. Building is fun as well as the combat and you can create so many cool buildings while defending your castle. Downside to this game is if you don't defend you castle well the game will end in seconds and you  have to make a great wall of china to stop invaders, other than that I love this game."
76561198095901612,Recommended,219830,8989402,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Da Hoard of Gobbla,"A absolutely  great game and i LOVE the traps and castles you can build. If you like Terraria, then i would strongly reccomend this!"
,Recommended,219830,7636583,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Sygramore,"This game is really good. It's like medieval Metal Slug with a bad♥♥♥♥♥physics engine. Fighting, building, war ships, shops, etc. And you can blow stuff up, so why not?"
76561198043065717,Recommended,219830,9980977,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,GreenishLiquid,"Really frickin' awesome, very smooth gameplay. A little tricky and sometimes quite laggy if there is too much money on the ground. But it's worth every cent!"
76561198094249316,Recommended,219830,9984627,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,derpy shiney blue pidgey,sweet
,Recommended,219830,7641567,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Slagathor,It's Minecraft meets Worms meets Soldat.
76561198028914901,Recommended,219830,9656895,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Prongs,"SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO KAG or known as King Arthur's Gold is a very fast paced game with all the blood you could ever want. It has very simple yet complex strategy that once you learn is very rewarding. The comabt System of the Knight class may take a little while to learn and can take a certain finess, but once again when you grasp it, it is truely rewarding. You can make trampoline catapults that launch you into the enemy base. As you fly down you stomp on their face and get that satisfaction of them exploding under your feet. Overall KAG is a great fast pace pvp builder like terraira game that is totally worth it9/10 would totally bang"
76561198028631348,Recommended,219830,9789823,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Arse Brigand,Abso-♥♥♥♥ing-lutely AMAZING! THIS IS MY COCAINE!
,Recommended,219830,7614494,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Psyker,This game is multiplayer gold.  Building traps to intercept an enemy team while trying to get through the enemies traps and base is a load of fun.
76561198086595992,Recommended,219830,9922532,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Frooman,"If you like terraria and midevil games than you will love this game. This game is very fun! It is confusing, and you might be bad at it at first, but when you get used to it then it is amazing!"
,Recommended,219830,9893332,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Gush,KAG has an amazing multiplayer experience as its fast paced and chaotic in general. The constant battle for zone control in non stacked matches is a big plus.
,Recommended,219830,9895820,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,BillyBobCornCob,You can use chickens to fly. 10/10
76561198122528098,Recommended,219830,9273809,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,beefdude22,AWSOME!
76561198055643337,Recommended,219830,9278489,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,The_fun,"An extremely fun game for the creative and the competitive.  Keep in mind this game shines in multiplayer, so look elsewhere if you want a singleplayer game."
,Recommended,219830,9443655,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Epikduck1337,"This is a very fun PvP game. If you like wars, this is the game for you! You can be a warrior, ranger, and a builder! Build bases and fight in this game. I give it a 9/10!"
76561198041688487,Recommended,219830,9460845,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,barlth,This game is amazing. Certain to provide infinite fun!
,Recommended,219830,9538870,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,vine,its a cool concept but it feels a tad shallow. don't buy full price
76561198071621402,Recommended,219830,9072899,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,John Bobson,Awesome!
,Recommended,219830,7645086,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,perfekT,♥♥♥♥♥ like playin with legos.. except you can kill their legos.
,Recommended,219830,9634993,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,IBRoGood,It is a very fun game
76561198083731983,Recommended,219830,9637199,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,TITTY CROISANTS [AIMBOT],I wasnt sure about this game but after buying it i have had a lot of fun playing and it can get really crazy and fun i would definatly reccommend geting this game.
76561198034402593,Recommended,219830,9641246,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Hail Hance,"So dam fun, if you're looking for a game to kill time and have a good laugh, well get that credit card out and buy this baby cause you wont regret it :D"
76561198093611883,Recommended,219830,8284166,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Alcom,Its was fukken Dope Brah
76561197982926599,Recommended,219830,8285210,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,War|_ord,"Such a fun little desktop game, great for playing while other things download or while waiting for your girlfriend to finish the hell up and get out the door."
,Recommended,219830,8331529,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Cheshire Cat,"Well, after successfully playing this game I hath determined that thow shall byeth thine game this very moment."
76561198063540849,Recommended,219830,8336201,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BlueSnake64,this game is rly cool
76561197999930930,Recommended,219830,8340915,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,bown,"Very fun, insane with large amounts of people, especially if you know them all. And besides, pretty cheap too!"
,Recommended,219830,8342865,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Smusi,"I started playing this game when it was free, and i spent a lot of hours playing it because it's so damn fun. Then, i saw it enden the beta and included a lot of really fun things like boats. I ABSOLUTELY recommend this game because it has a lot of hours of fun, and its easy to start playing because the controls are not hard. Then when you start playing it has support for mods too. 9,5/10"
76561198007333451,Recommended,219830,8325793,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Warlordnipple,"Fun♥♥♥♥♥game, buy this if your net does not suck. I do not care who you are!"
76561197980464463,Recommended,219830,10065257,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Brac,A fun 2D comptetive side scroller. If you can manage to find a good connection it can be a lot of fun. The Builder class is especially neat as you can dig tunnels to the enemies base and build impressive blockades to slow down their advnaces. The archer's grappling hook is cool and the knight is good for hack and slash and running with bombs.Recommend if you can find some friends to play with.
,Recommended,219830,10075197,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Seven,dump rocks at people to kill them.this game rocks.
76561198082364032,Recommended,219830,10011094,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,reed21868,"Just to clarify some of these hours are probably just steam running in the background with KAG on. But it's still a lot.Criminally underplayed. Easy to play, simple, classic pixel, destructable environment, great modding community, so much awesomeness in this game. You'll get plenty bang for your buck here."
,Recommended,219830,10012186,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Varaj,Awesome game
76561197999759662,Recommended,219830,8462129,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MR_FOVAN,This game is fantastic. Imagine a more creative platforming medieval version of your traditional red versus blue. TOO much fun. And the mods are always updating.Any Terraria CTG fans out there? It's like a game was made for us.
,Recommended,219830,8464055,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,vedi0boy,"Fun but you may get bored of it after a while. And whats with the crappy name, its not very appealing."
76561198039609762,Recommended,219830,8465267,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Becky,is good
76561198042570070,Recommended,219830,8465291,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Code,This game is great!
76561198022593647,Recommended,219830,8465370,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,GingerNinja,wow    much recomend     such feeling      wow
76561198063323504,Recommended,219830,8466142,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,I_got_the_flag,"What happens if you get the building michanics of Terraria, competitve multiplayer game modes and a simple yet extremly fun objectives. KING ARTHUR'S GOLD!In this game you are ether the blue or red team. both teams kill, blast and concur each other to win. Sounds pretty odinarly, but the diversaty and enjoyment comes from the building side of KAG.A piroid of time is given to both teams to biuld there bases. this is were the strategy comes in. Does your team need to biuld heavy defence on the flag, or prehaps you need to advace your defences and wall so that the knights and archers don't have to cover much ground or even have an atvatage on the enemy's defences.This fantasic yet subtle layer of strategy give this comically hectic games hours of gameplay. It doesn't matter if theres a map you don't like, because the bases will be diffrent every time. The battles will be diffrent every time and as always there will be some biulding the crumbles with a crying builder behind it.But how did you tare that building down? Well theres a vast amount of weponary. Bombs, Catapults, Warboats, DINGHIES! This is a fantastic multiplayer game where you don't need to worry about needing three other friends to help. King Atrhur's Gold is a must buy. I'v played about 30 hours and im still playing, all for 9 quid! Now if you excuse me, I'M OFF TO TARE DOWN THAT BLOODY TOWER...... SWIM AWAY! SHARK! (and thats a common thing to happen. :J )"
,Recommended,219830,8466305,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,zersetzung,"The trailer sums it up perfectly. This game is everything it says it is and more. The battles are epic, the servers are enormous(32+ players), and the destruction is visceral. 10/10"
76561198101315665,Recommended,219830,8466484,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,EvilMichael,definitly buy if you like pixelated games great for hours of laughs
,Recommended,219830,8466657,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Scythe456,AMAZING!!! love the retro graphics and gameplay is super fun. Buy it now and you will love it!!!
,Recommended,219830,8467548,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ghost,This game is completely awesome.
,Recommended,219830,8467179,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Commander,Fun game! Kinda like Fat Princess for PS3 but way better. The game could use more classes tough. Maybe a healer or demolitions specialist or something.It REALLY needs some form of progression though. Achievements would be a good start.
,Recommended,219830,8468416,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Distracted Delivery Driver,"It's alot of fun, learning the roles is easy enough, but builders are like medics or healers in any other game- If everything goes well nobody cares about you, if things are going wrong its the builders fault. Overall, its a fun game to blow some time on"
,Recommended,219830,8528757,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Vuv Herrara,"Is vry good gaem if you enjoy fast paced raging chaos and war of pixles, also you can make corpses explode"
,Recommended,219830,8542214,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Elvinkiller,Love this game.Best game ive ever played!!!
,Recommended,219830,8543519,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,jonah70,i think this game need more stuff
,Recommended,219830,8544925,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Auralix,"fun as ♥♥♥♥, but the lack of common sense among builders and archers is mind boggling. its not supposed to be terraria, you arent supposed to take your time building."
,Recommended,219830,8544931,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,crinkle cut chips,"Before I bought KAG, it been looking at it for a long hile on youtube and I thought it would be AMAZING, but although it is still good, it's not AS good as i thought originally, so still a good game."
76561198098098987,Recommended,219830,8519534,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,TaterNanners,The First day i got this game i played it for 6 hours.  I liked it so much that i got my freind a copy also.  Anyway i totally love this smooth pixelated game.
76561198090480396,Recommended,219830,7650667,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Wile E. Coyote,"This game is INCREDIBLY addicting, something about knights and fortresses that you build yourself just clicks with me, one of the best $10 ive ever spent"
,Recommended,219830,8525411,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,rcsole,"You can have a horse head as your own, so it's cool."
76561197974773829,Recommended,219830,8011631,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Uberprime,"Take Terraria, Worms, and Team Fortress and distill them into a format suitable for multiplayer deathmatches, and you've got King Arthur's Gold. Great game, highly recommend, but beware the trolls."
,Recommended,219830,8003903,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Alex Jabadaba,Such a great game... 10/10.
76561197966505916,Recommended,219830,8273809,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ctrl_awp_elite_83,"Devishly Addicting, like cocaine id imagine."
76561198064287424,Recommended,219830,8287802,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ripleycat,"Love the game although the video looks better than it realy is, its still a great game."
76561197987098772,Recommended,219830,8291746,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Chaos,Very fun game. Worth the money. Such sword. Much physics. WOW.
,Recommended,219830,8120037,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Bongo,This game is fun to play with freind not alone :b
76561198043338242,Recommended,219830,7586421,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Bones Johnson,"This games great. The combats simple yet difficult, a challenge every time you charge into combat. Knights can act as mobile cover while archers fire from behind their raised shields. Builders can make castles and towers with which archers can rain death, as well as drop boulders on the enemies head, and let knights glide down with anger in their eyes. Its just so fun to figure out a way to deal with the new tactics the enemies taking, and their treachourus castles filled with traps. I totally recomend it."
76561198085421014,Recommended,219830,8084423,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Zanzibar,freaking amazeballs ohhhhhnoooo get it byatch
,Recommended,219830,8085348,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Daddy Goat,"Amazing game worth double its value! Easy multiplayer,modded servers,A must buy game!"
76561198072454946,Recommended,219830,8162287,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,๖ۣۜLιттℓє∂αѕну,can you play co op with 2 people 1 with a keyboard 2 with a xbox controller
,Recommended,219830,8167737,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Tayeface,"Seems challenging, and I really like how it seems so far."
76561198001952830,Recommended,219830,8184444,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[L'n'S] Fluffy,brillant game and good fun
76561198046277706,Recommended,219830,8159467,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,DAT Peter,"This game is great. Their are single player maps and challenges, but the main meat of the game is in its multiplayer mode. These can include Capture the Flag, Team Deathmatch, Challenge mode, and King of the Hill. Laggy servers are rare, so what the game boils down to is skill and strategy. It may look very simple, but knights and archers require good timing in order to excel at. The control of characters is very fluent, and can make for some very good platforming. Builders can be very strategic in their block placement. Practically any trap be built if you're creative enough. A ton of neat stuff can be bought at stores that will keep the current game very fast paced. They can range from bombs to catapults to huge battle ships.The only con I can really think of is the community. Griefers can ruin entire games, and a lot of the community is not welcoming. During the first game I ever played, I was switched and said ""Darn, team swapped"", and the response was something along the lines of ""Don't be such a b@tch.""If you can overcome the bad community, you've got yourself an awesome game."
76561198080361268,Recommended,219830,8106125,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Blue,get this game with little to no bugs great frams its great 9/10
76561198034353954,Recommended,219830,8109296,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Wet Noodle,"This game is the best game i´ve played in a very long time, totally addicted to it! I strongly recommend you to buy it!"
76561198042679828,Recommended,219830,8130028,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Hines,Get this game sirs!!
76561198040946765,Recommended,219830,8151921,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,J-Sizzle,"one of the best 2D games i have ever played, i play it every day. it is one of thoughs games you can just pick up and play."
,Recommended,219830,8176719,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,zmate,"Build up a fortress with a lots of traps, catapults and ballistas to defend yourself... just to see that the enemies dig through the tunnel and are knocking on the back door and buying explosives from your own shops."
76561198059668375,Recommended,219830,7986117,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,JoeySTM,A really interesting fun game. Especially if you can find a couple friends to coordinate with. Nothing better than catapulting your friend into the enemy base with a keg of gunpowder to blow their castle sky high.
76561197993294028,Recommended,219830,10243596,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Phraxas,"7/10 - Fun and hilarious, but repetitiveThrow bombs at towers and have them fall to the ground with everyone on them (including team mates).Tunnel underneath the water and come out the other side of the map for a surprise assault.Shoot arrows from a tower while dangling from its edge using a grappling hook.Be launched from a catapult and deliver a giant bomb the moment you hit the ground.These are the kinds of fun things you can do, but they are the things you will see in every match you ever play."
76561198073622997,Recommended,219830,10243883,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,weeaboojones,great game think the knights are a bit over powered and archers are under powered
76561198066658866,Recommended,219830,10251830,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Willyrains,This is one of the best games I have ever played!
,Recommended,219830,8930676,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,[B0RT]RedPhanthom,Really fun and funny game. Playing Zombies(mod) can be a pain when your alone. Most of the gamemodes are pretty fun to play with as long as you can attack fast as some people just spam the attack. Trying to take out towers that are built can be fun when your digginf under them and attacking them full force on the front lines.
,Recommended,219830,9695262,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Prof. Blazara,"Great game, great fun."
,Recommended,219830,9699929,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,SonMowgli,This game is the sheeiiiiittt the best 2d game i have ever played... period
,Recommended,219830,9658823,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,313,This Is a good game if you have money to use up. If you dont like terraia styled games dont get this
76561198093949233,Recommended,219830,9664054,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Sethomon,"Even though when I write this now I've only played 3 hours on record, but this game rocks. Cool buildings, nice players vs players, the only problem is that people can ban you from your servers and your buildings dont save. Fun game though,8/10"
,Recommended,219830,9671454,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Bryce,fast paced and really fun!
76561198018547437,Recommended,219830,21099617,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,McGaZ,"If you like the sound of a medieval war platform where you can build castles, fortresses and traps, dig tunnels, set up and fire team mates on catapults, shoot explosive balista bolts to completely destroy your enemies, glide through the air with your sheild to slash your sword and throw bombs, or even burn down an enemy tower with your flaming arrows...Just buy the game and play it!!!"
76561198137779277,Recommended,219830,21224196,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Anthrax Ray,"grasp your sword in your hand and fail it voilently at your enemy .gliding out of the sky using you shiled , drop kicking them in the face .only to relise that all oyur enemies archers have arrows pressed upagainst your head. As you become legend your fellow team mate has the flag.hops over one a trap another another 50 , swims through shark infested waters and......you win victory .You take control of the fight.play defensive as the builder class .defend your team mates as they take out the other teamand their flag.throw bloulders on heads ,cause you have to make some kills some how .wield a sword and shield as the knight.strike fear into those who fear you .plunch a sword into there weak flesh .a go surfing , surfs up dude.snipe as the archergraple hookand bow and arrowenough saidover allmediaval team death match chaoslegend dary10/10not to everyones tastsealso there are chickensand bisonand men in tight pants"
,Recommended,219830,21225955,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Kanner,Its a really fun game but can be really confusing on the building mechanics and I am still confused but awesome gameply not counting builder
76561198076743296,Recommended,219830,21201978,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Jafar,Best game ever :D
,Recommended,219830,19845850,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,ska mitzvah,"its like if battlefield bad company 2 and terriara got blackout drunk during a night of passionate lovemaking, and nine months later a child popped out of the swollen stomach of terraria.11/10 would shield glide again"
76561198113110259,Recommended,219830,19918849,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mortal Wire,THE BEST GAME EVER!!!
,Recommended,219830,19993087,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Pixel,Best game ever 10/10
,Recommended,219830,20010942,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,A1Sauce,Teamwork at its finest.
,Recommended,219830,19978968,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TrumpNation2017,Lol
76561198170927818,Recommended,219830,20020248,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,{ A R T E S I A N B E A T S },"Its a drugged up mmo broforce, with swords. wide variety of game types, and game dynamics are smooth and understandable. great way to take your anger out on your friends and enemies.10/10 would slay the heretics again"
,Recommended,219830,20245038,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,A-a-ron,"It's a great game to play with/without your friends! It may not have a lot of content, but it sure does have a lot of replay ability and  with a rich and alive community (There are mods, no workshop yet; they should add it soon though)."
,Recommended,219830,20337326,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Sheader,"When you rage quit something, this is the game you will turn to.It requires a bit of practice but once your there its a hell lot of fun."
,Recommended,219830,20651829,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Jonh Jovem,"Recomendo, jogo muito bom, embora não tenham servidores BRs"
76561198041985057,Recommended,219830,10440900,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Styx,"For a long while I had a ""do not recommend"" vertic, but I came back and played some KAG and it really clicked."
76561198096784922,Recommended,219830,20286661,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Daecú,Really awesome game. You can just keep going and going because of the mods people are setting up.And the fact that you can build own castles and then just defend them is a really awesome concept.
76561198067071922,Recommended,219830,20300710,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,TrIpTiCuS,"Personally, I've only played a couple hours and, oh man is it a fun game!It's brutally difficult I'll hand it that, and some of the mechanics are pretty hard to master. However once you do nail those grapples and such it just feels great.Oh and also, in my opinion:The community is the good kind of autistic. (no offense to autistic people, it was just a joke between me and my friend)"
76561198103243648,Recommended,219830,20599726,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Taco6961,gud game
76561198033561626,Recommended,219830,7931150,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,"""Pudge""",This is an awesome game.Looks like terraria but with more fun.It's a skill & funny game based on teamplay.Epic big battle is EPIC !
76561198170080801,Recommended,219830,20096508,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Joecool5522,This is one of those games were you are a noob pros or casuals breath life into pestering you and lower your self-esteme but don't give up there's aways that person who will be willing to help so do buy its really fun and unique don't let low-lives turn you down so game on!
76561198141892520,Recommended,219830,20763476,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Kitmerino,Great Game!
,Recommended,219830,7651476,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Dust Alexander,Buy it or go home.
76561198065615351,Recommended,219830,8945670,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Papa Goose,Corrupt pixels having wars in the mindset of a gumball machine.
,Recommended,219830,8949768,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,The Fonz,Fun game that has a lot of potential. Wish more people played and had idea of what to do as engineer.
,Recommended,219830,9070750,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,a duck,Awesome
76561198006871873,Recommended,219830,7593878,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,BootyBird,"King Arthur’s Gold combines elements from other titles like Terraria, Minecraft...Building castles and annihilating other castles and structures, supplying your military, the side-scrolling action was brilliant. The unique combat and building system make King Arthur’s Gold interesting and fun."
76561198085625709,Recommended,219830,7973223,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,City is my england,THE BEST GAME EVER BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!
76561198025139009,Recommended,219830,9114356,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kimie,A fun enjoyable little game that's great for killing time. Simple controls with a satisfying result.
,Recommended,219830,9103376,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kabbin,"Do I reccomend you play this game? Yes. Beautiful gameplay, simple but polished combat, hilarious gibbing, lots of explosions, and screaming are surely in your wake. It's never boring, no game is the same and, with more recent updates, previously relatively unplayed gamemodes are having larger amounts of traffic.However, after close to 60 hours of gameplay, I have notice that this is a game that you absolutely need to play with friends. People in servers rarely chat and, if anything, it's the occasional minor complaint of lag or foreheads slamming against a keyboard. If you do not know how to build a structure that will survive ten thousand keg blasts then you will, and I mean you will, be battered to the ground with insults.Despite that, you will have a blast and, with a map editor to be added in the future, gameplay will be that much more excited. Happy Kegging."
,Recommended,219830,9033742,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,2000 Chevy Impala,This game is something else. its pretty mush a siege/ medival warfare simulator. with different classes weapons and vehicles. i really enjoy this game lots of fun. watch out for sharks! id give it 5 stars
76561198063029801,Recommended,219830,9019514,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,doot doot,"Fun game, get it if you can"
76561198035631973,Recommended,219830,7889751,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Runemaster,"Great game.  I believe it's still in beta, but it is already very well-polished anyway.   If you are interested in a relatively-fast, multiplayer game based on medieval warfare and 8-bit graphics, check out ""King Arthur's Gold.""  Yes, it is sort of based off of Terarria, but NO - it is not a copy of it.  King Arthur's Gold is about building a base and switching between a variety of classes to protect it with the help of up to 15 other players, against up to 16 other players.  Very fun, very worth the price.Also -- if you prefer better quality graphics over 8-bit, you can switch the graphics shading to ""smooth"" in the settings options."
,Recommended,219830,8696997,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Comunista,"Very good,Just buy and see for yourself"
76561198028146806,Recommended,219830,10592907,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Veggiepits,You can shoot chickens out of catapults11/10 Game of all Time
76561198081525202,Recommended,219830,10653017,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ｉｎｎｕｅｎｄｏ,An incredibly addictive game for people who like to destroy and build while playing with your friends.
,Recommended,219830,11052120,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Doom,"Okay, I've played this game for 7 hours. Time to give it it's due.So when I bought this game during the summer sale I expected a casual game to spend a few hours on. Nothing serious just some mindless fun. This game is nothing like I expected. It's a challenging and complicated endeavour. It requires good team work and intelligent base building. The community I've seen is 50-50 where half the players hate new people and the other half don't seem to care.You have 3 classes, each have their own innate abilities and mechanics. Builders are required to go out and gather materials as well as build defenses. Knights are your front line troops as well as demolition experts. The Archer is strictly range support but has the best mobility of all 3 classes. Learning the differences and using them effectively matters.This is one of those games that has turned out to be a wonderful investment. I highly urge anyone with the funds to try it. It might be a little tough getting used to but winning is rewarding. They have 4 game modes, regular TDM, a Battlefield like Conquest mode, CTF and a fourth mode I haven't tried. CTF proves to be the most enjoyable as there are various tactics to use to get to the enemies flag such as drilling under the ground or catapulting your team mates over the enemies defenses.I highly recommend buying this if you like challenging and rewarding multiplayer experiences."
,Recommended,219830,10923373,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Archangel,super fun game
76561198017386565,Recommended,219830,10927501,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,sunslayertd,Best side-scroller multiplayer team game ever!
,Recommended,219830,11133370,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Metul Burr,"I at first, thought this game was another terraria clone. It is very little like it. It is multiplayer team versus team. Aquire ore, create defenses, repel enemy attacks, create offensives, attack straight on or dig underneath. Switch classes at any time between swordsman, archer, and worker. Games modes consist of: capture the flag, take the halls, team deathmatch, challenges, sandbox, and save the princess. I would give the game a 9/10"
76561197974796350,Recommended,219830,7655150,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,ZanderBayne,"If you don't have this game yet,  you have a problem. Amazingly fun, Terraria/Chivalry :), runs on anything, Cheap!"
76561198003921857,Recommended,219830,7748271,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Varasero,Very good game.
76561198154623898,Recommended,219830,13556576,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Conn11,Super good game!! 10/10
,Recommended,219830,10849889,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,PizzaDeliveryCat,"It's really fun. High replay value.Edit: So I definitely got into this game a long time ago whenever it was more in its prime and the community was active. I still would recommend this game even thoguh I haven't gone back and played it recently.The reason why I haven't gone back and played it recently is because of all the other games that I have tried and am playing currently. I can't help but go on to other games after I've pumped as many hours as I have into this game.I would still say that you should buy this game because it has a good price on it, it's simple, and you can definitely get into it if it's for you.Come to think of it I would recommend looking up some gameplay videos and all that before you actually purchase it and not just purchase it on whim or purchase it based on the screenshots or trailer. I love the trailer for this game, don't get me wrong, but I think that if you were to buy it based on the trailer you would be buying it not based on the actual experience of the game.For those of you who don't like to read:Just look at some videos on it, consider buying it, and buy it. Check with other people about it too."
76561198120314122,Not Recommended,219830,14501736,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,(20th) - Buildmaster142,"Not to be rude to the developers but I regret buying this. Its not full screen, its hard to see whats happening, and its just not as fun as it looks in the video."
76561198205667936,Recommended,219830,15925667,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,NotromanRoman,"I really like king arthur's gold. The concept is great, and it's fun and funny, sort of like Broforce. However, I would warn you of a few things:1. Single player mode isn't worth it. It's only a few levels, and I feel it has so much more potential.2. Right clicking is annoying. If I don't right click to block/dig at juuuust the right time, the screen zooms way out 'till I can barely see my avatar.3. The community isn't pleasant. Team members best encouragement so far has been ""wow, everyone on this team is stupid"". Well, not really, I came across ONE nice person.Apart from those slight problems, this is a great game! Worth the money it costs."
,Recommended,219830,15187065,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Napper Dapper The Shit Slapper,"Described as a ""wee wains games"" (that's childs game) by my girlfriend, this is a cool medieval thingy in which you can play as 3 roles. Shitey knight that just sucks balls and ruins your day, cool as ♥♥♥♥ peter parker wanna be known as the archer who can fly around the map like a ♥♥♥♥in ninja with a grappiling hook and the builder which is my personal preference, as building big towers and death pits. Now, on a good server this game is amazing. but be warned as a lot of builders tend to be massive ♥♥♥♥♥♥s that grief their own team or build swastikas or♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good chuckle as people tend to take the game super serial and go massive SJW on the weird nazi's and on one server some other guy on the team tried to defend the said griefer by saying ""don't destroy my nazi heritage"" many a keks were shed that day.I've put way too many hours in this for a simple 2d multiplayer game but damn, i'd give a 9/10, would have been perfect but keg knights just ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥up like nobodies business."
76561198038024663,Recommended,219830,16535942,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Niels,"I have no idea if the name: ""King Arthur's Gold"" is in any way linked to ingame features. Yes, I found gold. Yes, the time period implies kings being around somewhere. But I saw no king, and am not sure if the gold is his or should become his.Since I felt no sence of purpose for collecting the gold, I decided to start randomly killing stuff. Turns out guys that share my colour may not be harmed. Only the different coloured should die.This seems akwardly racist to me but I quickly forgot all about my confictions and since then this game turned me into a greedy psychopathic killing racist.10/10 life changing experience."
76561198124882528,Recommended,219830,16540290,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TSAR_PUTIN,"really fun  game, more updates such as adding in a zombie gamemode????!!!"
,Recommended,219830,15669113,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MenacingMelon,"I may not have many hours on this game but man, it is amazing!The game is intese, strategic, and sometimes, outright ridiculous.One expierience of mine was when i was a knight, i was travelling in a tunnel to thier base.  After I shield glided over the gap between our and the enemy's tunnel, I trapped a helpless builder in a corner made of stone. (the walls were stone and knights cant break stone)  I went in for the kill but he placed a few stone blocks before dying, trapping me.  At the time I didnt know you could suicide, so i was trapped, held hostage, for five minutes being taunted by the enemy untill about four other knights charged in and bombed open my prison.Now I hope that you can now tell that if you like chaotic, medieval, capture the flag (most of the time) warfare. Just give them your money and get the game, no questions asked."
76561198038651212,Recommended,219830,15712775,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,shabang50,Gameplay is beautifully simple and full of genuine moments of hilarity.kek/kek
,Recommended,219830,15456206,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,I have no games installed,its cool I guess
,Recommended,219830,15616201,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Don't look back in anger,"old version king arthur's gold is very funclan tag is powerfullag sword3x bomb jumprat in u team that why u losearcher and builder is godtdm so funnymouse and catrole playzombiesandboxthis new but still that funu can read the comic the adventures of meow from xiaojin67 here""https://kag2d.com/_kag/meow/index.htm#/page/1"""
76561198093321143,Recommended,219830,15659623,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,DigitalCoyote,A nice fun game where one session can last even a hour or more! Lots of differnet things to do and destroy!
76561198044295593,Recommended,219830,15773584,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Zambie,10/10 Best chicken simulator. If u plan to get this make sure u have a good pc or u are going to have fps lag cuz this game crazy
,Recommended,219830,15827907,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,SpaceNinja151,"I was expecting to be able to build and then deal with incoming enemies.  But human multiplayer deathmatch is the only option.  I don't have the time that these teenage opponents have to become a master at the game, so it's not any fun.  Other than that it's just a side scroller.  Maybe they will have an expansion?  It's a shame because the building feature could be so cool..."
,Recommended,219830,7672023,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Noriko117,"Well... its fun, but it crashes alot. They really need to fix these crashes. But beside that it is very fun! 3.5/5"
76561197999736361,Recommended,219830,7637526,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Woof.,awesome fun! and cheap! cheap fun! get on that!
,Not Recommended,219830,7581129,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Flacketeer,"This server has lost its player base. And now any server with people still left sucks, or I've been randomly banned from."
76561198033576631,Recommended,219830,15332458,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Reya1s,Good game but not enough people playing it.
,Recommended,219830,16755800,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ashley,"King Arthur's Gold. It seems to be your average pixel game, running in trying to kill some people, die, run out again. But.. With King Arthur's Gold, there's more to it than that. Upon first glance when spawning on a server, everyone scrambles about, gathering resources. Within about two to five minutes you see a basic piece of land develop, to house massive fortresses, creating boats and balloons. King Arthur's Gold has lots of potential, it just needs a bigger player base..."
,Recommended,219830,16617648,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,DrolNomed,"tldr Version:Simple and challenging at the same time! you take a basic sandbox idea and put it into an 2d-shooter enviroment.It makes a lot of fun either in small groups capturing holds or in big groups building huge defenses and then conquering each other for the flag! Modding support as well (yet i haven't used that by now) so alot of fun mechanisms to play around with :)Long Version:I had this game on my wishlist for roughly two years, and now in the summer sale of 2015 i bought this little fun bomb!I really liked he tutorials, though they were short, they showed you everything you need to know.The Story mode is fun as well as you can train basic movements and actions for combat.When it comes to multiplayer there are a feqw gamemodes, which all are extremely fun!CTF: classic gamemode, but with a twist in this game, as you get to build your base and defensive structures in the first 3-4 minutes of the game (of yourse you can and should keep building all the time!!). after that time has passed you are able to attack your opponent team which, of cousre ahs build their base as well. the rounds can be very short (when one team has a huge error in their defense) or it can take very long ( an hour or more) to a point where the lpayers are going to vote for a map changeConquer the Holds (wor whatever its called XD): 2 to 4 Holds per map and the teams get roughly 2 minutes to fortifie their first one. after that it is time to get to the others, get inside and stay inside for a short time to capture the Hold or your team. again a very nice twist on a classic shooter gamemode.Team deathmatch: very classic gamemode, yet i haven't played it by now.then there are multiplayer variants of the singleplayer missions which i find really nice :)In a nutshell this game is very open to a lot of playstyles and NEVER underestimate the importants of offensive Builders!!!Big reccomendation!!"
,Not Recommended,219830,8182584,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,seba2497,Lo compre y quiero que me de devuelvan el dinero ya que esta con muchas fallas este juego
76561197965476184,Recommended,219830,8210076,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Kaizo,This game is amazing and you should buy it.
,Recommended,219830,8072722,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,PasKarma,It's worms mixed with terraria
,Recommended,219830,7780529,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Waterborne,King Arthur’s Gold is a fun quirky gem of a game!  The physics allow for some comedic scene of grotesquery.  My only negative is it is hard to kick griefers sometimes but other than that I enjoy this game very much.
,Recommended,219830,7975359,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Bruce Yee,If you are looking for a fun game where you are equal to who you play and the only advantage you or other people can have are skill than play this game.controls are simple and easy to use.You dont need a good computer for this game to run amazingly.you can even wear a horse head.
,Recommended,219830,7809020,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Spud,Amazing little game.
,Recommended,219830,7812840,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,AldysTV,Best sandbox game I have played
,Recommended,219830,7815028,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,insideClaw,"Quite the fun game, has intricate mechanics and endless possibilities for battle tactics and building. Hilarious moments, usually with a big explosion, happen often."
76561198055856900,Recommended,219830,7816392,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,WarMan45,This game is really addicting and is only around 10 bucks and its very fun.
76561198080967123,Recommended,219830,7820932,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,BLK_Zero,This is puer strategy you will lov it
,Recommended,219830,7869018,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,8bit-Buddha,"OMG!!!! terraria meets CTF joy. matches last between 10min to an hour and a half. Very well balanced game.  3 classes builders knights and archers , knights have a high learning curve though."
,Recommended,219830,7869216,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Deavorn,"This game is Terraria styled, with the side scrolling combat. Three classes, Knight, Builder, and Archer. Destructible terrain, traps, siege weapons, sharks you can ride, just to name a few things. Things can get crazy, with arrows flying around, bombs blowing up, buildings collapsing on you. Great game I'd recommend it!"
,Recommended,219830,7729513,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,ww,great gamemy favorite class is builder and weapon is a throw up between saw and shield
,Recommended,219830,12400444,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,DarkRider,This game seems like a simple destroy and build game but it is much more complex than it seems you can make various traps to go with your tower create buildings to help your team mates make a trampoline cannon to fly your team mates over the enemies wall fire sharks at your enemies anything is possible
76561198071521802,Recommended,219830,11268604,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Odron,"you get to ride sharks, what else is needed?"
76561198010603093,Recommended,219830,11268605,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,silent_knight_2960,PURE RANDOM AWESOMENESS
,Recommended,219830,11751661,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,!flayva!,"An amazing stragety game,so intense and INSANELY fun!!!"
,Recommended,219830,7614120,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,シェーン,Everyone in life is required to get this.
76561197993529675,Recommended,219830,11486841,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,WaxBeforeTax,"This game. well it feels like its a great team based game and it is.Right away you see thats its a 2D sidescroller game with to teams Red vs Blue and its unending game theres no story just constant 2D pixal slaughtering,construction,destruction,mining,woodcutting, all of that and for its name King Arthurs Gold it does have a reason for that.You can find gold underground or just in the open used for building so yeah....hahaha.Anyways theres alot of teamwork into it like helping your teammates build a tower defense for your flag or a underground trap that the enemy falls into but you dont catapolts to destroy enemy buildings or your own and get kicked for greifing haha and yeah theres alot of horrible adams who kick you for stupid things in this game other than that it dosnt always happen so enjoy what you spent for of 9.99$ or haha just get the BETA version its free and not any different of so much that i know its permanant so dont get mad at me just throwing that out there that can be found only difference is you cant pick your skin face well thats it enjoy."
76561198112770849,Recommended,219830,7738309,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Techies Demolition Co.,"This game is a fantastically addictive experience. Three classes - Builders, Archers, Knights -  keeps things (almost) simple, but it's all the little things that make this game worth coming back for. A few good videos on Youtube will show you what I'm talking about: Building castles, traps and fortifications? Check. Building catapults, Ballistas and Warboats? Check. Shark riding? Uhhh... check, actually. Bomb jumping? Yep. Using a chicken (or trampoline) to glide over a castle wall? Sure!Imagine 2D, sidescrolling Minecraft + a bit of seige warfare, and you start to get close!"
76561198075347427,Recommended,219830,11555257,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Sir. Pie,Awesome game if you love chaotic huge pvp games.
76561198054904426,Recommended,219830,11561576,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Pick,"Awesome game, Totally Recommend!"
76561198028227633,Recommended,219830,11542309,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,(TMNT)Priestskorge,"This game is simply brillant. Its seem like a really simple game when u look at it but it by no means easy,combat can and will be punishing when u first start take a while to get the hang of things. But even when getting owned and killed the game is so much freakin fun i cant really say anything bad about it except maybe lag sometime cause of the utter chaos that happens but that is really rare.Its a def buy if u love indie games there some advancements movements fighting and building in this game that i just love there nothing like building a warship or catapult and just pummeling your oppisition to death sorry for my spelling had to write this real quick but give it a go u wont regret it."
76561198080108420,Recommended,219830,11595614,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,EHLELE,"i (at the moment) have played around 120 hours of king arthurs gold (and even more not on steam), here are my thoughts as i started to play more and morehour 1: man i suck at this game, i keep getting killed as soon as i walk onto the battlefield, i really like the concept thoughhour 2: oh whoa i can just avoid the people if i play as archer, then i can grapple hook down and take their gold once they die, this is greathour 3: damn i got a lot of coins, i can buy a **** load of stuff for my team now to help them, since im not good with any of it, getting better i guesshour 4: my team likes me, thats cool, whoa theres clans in here?hour 5: well the zen clan seams to be the best, then the swede, and more to followhour 6: i should probably start fighting or something, wait I'll be a builder for a bithour 7: **** yeah thats one huge *** castle, wait, no, dont blow it up with your bomb arrows BoomslangBoomslang = biggest arch nemesis in king arthurs goldhour 8: oh dear god its so damn hard to get across the water without getting mowed down by arrows, or getting eaten by a shark, i think I'll ne a knighthour 9: well being a knight is a lot better than archer i guesshour 10: CornFlakeShotGunJunior yes you can launch me out of this catapult into the enemy basehour 15: im getting better at this, i already got ten kills, whoa wait fifteen hours, i should take a little break, wait nahhhour 20: hell yes fifteen kills and only five deaths, 150 coins, and maxed out bombshour 30: dang there are a lot of really cool people on here, and some ***holeshour 40: i want more give me morearound fourty hours i left for a three week vacation, with no way to get to king arthurs gold, i was helpless, i didnt know what to do without my KAGhour 50: finally back to normal king arthurs go-- HOLY**** THERES A ZOMBIE DEFENSE MOD JUST LIKE IN THE OLD VERSION YAAYAYYAYFD YHIURGYHOSGYHONIEBYRGTOINEG IERYGBOIUYEROBNAhour 60: man i love king arthurs gold, my brother says i play it to much though, wait, 60 hours, i think this is becoming a drug to you Patrickhour 70: im slowly beginning to lose connection from the real world, the only people i talk to is the poeple on KAGhour 80: this game, its, changed me, i cant even do homework on the computer anymore, i need more thoughhour 85: wow ive killed thirty people, gotten 300 coins, died fifteen times, discussed racial ethnicities with the opposing red team, why are we fighting them anyway, i should probably take a bre-- YES I BLEW UP THE BASE HAHAHAHAHAHAHA I WIN I WIN I WINhour 100: ive played this game for twelve hours all day, my mind is numb, as are my fingertips, my mouse has run out of battery, yet i still need morehour 105: holy **** they added a mod where you make your own boat, damn its like im a pirate this is *passes out because i hadnt slept in dayshour 110: Tod has been added to the list of arch nemesis, and ZeroGravitySpaceBull is now my herohour 120: welp, congrats Patrick, youve wasted a lot of time on KAG, i think you should take a breakcurrently i am recovering from a symptom called KAGidus, it is a very contagious disease which is transmitted through King Arthurs Gold. Symptoms include fried brain, less human interaction, numb fingertips, and even....DEATHbuy this game now"
76561197976390776,Recommended,219830,11501417,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Truthseeker,"Since this reminded me of the Super Nintendo game King Arthur's World in visuals and title, I decided to give this a shot, and boy is it crazy. With so many players running around and explosions coming from nowhere, it's hard to keep track. But when your team picks up and works together, the things you can achieve are hilarious and amazing. With a team of friends communicating over headset, this game can be something very special. But by yourself in a horde of mindless suicide squads, it can be hard to grapple-hook out of the mire of endless deaths and confusing activity."
,Recommended,219830,11810791,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,LVL80: THE MOON,"Long winded review comin through, hold on to your butts as I review King Arthur's nuts...and bolts.I wanted to give this game it's due in play time before writing, and after some playtesting and a number of rage uninstalls and reinstalls, I still come to the conclusion that the game is an unbalanced mess. An addictive, fun, gory mess - but unbalanced all the same.Mainly because of (uh oh) knights.I see many people claim warriors require the most 'skill' but there wasn't much skill to be found - lots of spamming, lots of charging up swings constantly hoping someone would hop onto their blades, lots of 2's and 5's - and some truely skilled knights I will admit; but for every 1 builder, there were 15 knights. I can understand why, knights hold claim to a respectable arsenal of fun stuff. Some features of knights include-Bomb jumping to great heights - bombs are also dirt cheap and spammable to all hell, and the 2d nature of the game makes killing enemies with them incredible easy as you can cook them making it impossible for them to flee or catch them and throw back-An all encompassing quick-charge attack that kills the other classes instantly and stuns whatever didn't die (it also moves you forward, making enemies fleeing from you nearly impossible especially in water) - it also goes through multiple people to, but that's understandable with the game being 2d.-Quick spammable jabs for killing the aforementioned above-A shield with a hitbox the size of a truck-Shield gliding (combined to great effect with bomb jumping)-Shield surfing (which you can do on the ground, AND makes you go faster than your normal runspeed which is already just as fast as other classes for some reason - can also used it to stomp on people from relatively low heights for easy stun kills)-Access to bombs, water bombs, mines, and kegs. Of course mines and kegs can be purchased and used by the other classes but are so expensive most people won't risk that kind of investment when they could get easily killedAll on top of 4 hearts, which is enough to tank 3-4 arrows before finally dying. About the only counter to a knight is another knight or a VERY high stone wall, but with bombs being as cheap as they are, as spammable as they are, and how far you can throw them (about 3/4 the distance of an arrow in all practical applications) that stone wall will last about 2 seconds unless your teammates defend it. Which will probably not happen, because all it takes is one 'skilled' knight to destroy the entire enemy team. I put 'skilled' in little '' because after getting tired of the other two classes and their shortcomings, I played knight for one hour and became that 'skilled' knight, the one jumping over walls to slaughter entire waves of helpless people, tossing corpses and bombs all over the place while spamming 2 and 5 triumphantly like the giant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I had become.If you wanted my opinion (and you probably don't, I mean look how big this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review is getting already) or are one of the knight fans who froth at the mouth when someone even suggests tweaking knight, I don't believe, for all of knights strengths, it needs that much of a change (maybe changing the 1st level charge swing into a horizontal swing instead of the vertical death grinder it is now, leaving the double overhead chop charge attack alone) - the other two just need re-addressed. Builder I won't talk about because honestly it's in an 'ok' spot. It's just 'ok', how vehicles move needs adjusted to be less clunky, making the ballista less risky to use, and maybe making builders able to throw boulders farther with more force than the other two classes. Other then building being clunky at times they seem to be in an ok spot.Archers, however, are a different story. I can understand their fear to do anything with them, all it takes is a little change to make them go from annoying slaughterable gnats to hunter-killer death machines, but there are some things that bother me. They supposedly have high mobility. In theory this holds true. From the many times I have hunted them down to the many times I have tried running away from knights as an archer, I can say this isn't true in practice They can lay down. This is cool as you can play possum (which usually gets you killed unless you are hiding in a safe hole under a corpse) and supposedly dodge arrows with it (you'll get hit anyways, trust me, arrows can be 15 or so pixels away and still hit you), but that's where it ends. You can't fire while laying down which would be perfect for many situations, and;-No crawling, which is odd. I can imagine archers crawling into little 1 high holes to lie in wait of ambush, an opportunity, to make a break for the enemy base, or to hide from a knights whirlwind of death. Hell it balances itself, a knight could still chuck a bomb in your hole or an enemy archer could shoot you in the face. An almost expected mechanic, missing from the game. At least more expected than-Digging. At one point archers had knives, and were a form of death machines themselves. Those days are long gone, replaced with these sissynannies who are about only good for dying and leaving doors open with their corpses, and who can't even dig dirt for themselves like the manly man knights. If a knight can dig dirt with his SWORD, why can't archers with their hands? At least it'd make them potentially more of a teamplayer instead of a coin dispenser for the enemy.Tl;dr - I'd recommend the game, I just pray they balance it out and flesh out archers and builders. Otherwise it's pretty solid aside from some other bugs. At it's current status it's a sim of what would happen if you had a horde of ballerina dancers with swords and bombs vs armed peasants. If that sounds fun to you, hop right on it, it's only 10$ anyways."
,Recommended,219830,11934328,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,僕の名前はジェッフ,Its not completely dead yet. I think that say's many good things about this game.
,Recommended,219830,11815087,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Dogwithablog,ur mum
76561197994951873,Not Recommended,219830,11774998,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,L-Train,game looks good but youll never get to find out as the Server are all empty
76561198065650316,Recommended,219830,7934843,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,pvt.blue,"this game now is quite great and amazingly addicting. it has become my goto game when new releases run their course. the mods keep it ineresting and mean if one gamemode pisses you off with a loss, you can move to a new one and keep the fun coming.for those who read the previous review, although this should be obvious with my 200+ hours of gameplay but this review has been changed to reflect the current status of the game and since i have no current gripes ill address the few areas i complained about previously. issues with lag have been fixed and kegs have been nerfed. additionaly the issues with trap and platform blocks has been fixed in building design meta and any other issues with the game can be resolved now with the amazing modding support and great mod developers, im looking at you aphellion."
,Recommended,219830,12097159,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,you cant flim flam the zim zam,"Really fun game, worth the 10 bucks you need to pay. Really addictive. The only bad thing is the knight is pretty OP compared to the archer. Otherwise, the game is great!"
76561198064715388,Recommended,219830,12101448,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Nicomedes,"king arthur`s gold is a great game with many fun ways of killing your friends like catapult,falling bulidings and many more. i recommend multiplayer instad of singleplayer not just becuse its more fun but it o not save=( but that dosent mean that its bad but i recommend multiplayer. controls are easy to remeber and and the is awsome but singleplayer is little bit bad so my ratting is 8/10"
76561198072740104,Recommended,219830,12008406,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,LordGambling,Ran with a hoard of shirtless men from zombies. Then was brutally slaughtered by minotaurs.
,Recommended,219830,7786476,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jimmy Jizz Hands,Love this game! great all around!
76561197971763113,Recommended,219830,7636164,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,EternalDecay,Terraria meets medieval warfare.  CTF in this game is pretty awesome.
76561198086220337,Recommended,219830,7821741,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,magicturtle,aweseome
,Recommended,219830,7776778,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Sun Guy,"If your on the fence about this one, there should be no question. It is as epic as it looks with absolutely superb control and movement. It runs smoothly and plays well, there are some flaws however.  The combat is a bit wonky and the vehicle controls could be better but over all it's fantastic. If you like humor, stupid fun and absolute chaos, this is the game for you."
76561198056430811,Recommended,219830,7635174,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Smiley シ,"Damn, this one of the best games I have played in a while. It's basically like a mix of Terraria and Chivalry, except with total destructuon and physics. Imagine shotting a catapault at a almost broken building, hitting the base and making the building fal and crush your enemies. This is a great game and I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,219830,7777167,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Humanmunky,This game is the most intense platform combat game ever. that is definatly worth the buy.
,Recommended,219830,7598053,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,cirus,"This game is seriously cool, also it isn't like Terraria!!!  Building, strategy and fast-paced PVP all combine very well here."
76561198043445675,Recommended,219830,7632830,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Salty Jedi,A sometimes chaotic Team vs Team battle arena platformer that plays like a dream. Incredibly fun Capture the Flag and Take the Halls game modes. If you're a fan of teamwork games I highly recommend KAG!
,Recommended,219830,8311845,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Bjarkenator,you can't login
76561198069572422,Recommended,219830,8312620,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,✪ Garchømpø,This game is pure awesomeness i recommend it to people who like big awesome war battles. 9/10
76561198073195972,Recommended,219830,8405368,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wabba,"this is a great game with a great concept. me and my cousin played this almost non-stop for a bunch of days and we loved it. the graphics are great, and for such simple controls, the combat is very sophisticated. but it's definetely not worth the price (even the sale price). for that i give it a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,219830,7615744,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,puttie,"This is hilarious, silly fun :D"
,Recommended,219830,8398974,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mitokomon,"Best game in HUMANKIND HISTORY, i can't believe how much i laughed when collapsing building crushed both me and my friend."
76561198089766131,Recommended,219830,8394443,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Not That Guy,rather unique game. not reconmended for stress free gaming... took me 20live to figure out how to attack
76561198057730650,Recommended,219830,8400724,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,boomboyspark,this game just left me speechless but there should be another class that has both a sword and a bow5/5
,Recommended,219830,8338509,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Reggie,dildoes
,Recommended,219830,8241130,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,skrillac,"like terraria, but I actually give a crap"
,Recommended,219830,7927987,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,[VIS]M_man_N,"Abolutly amazing!!!Soemthing like TF2, terraria and chivalry mixed up with tons of new ideas.10/10"
,Recommended,219830,7654838,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Caban,"You totally wont regret buying this,its worth every $ it costs!!Its so much fun and you cant stop playing this even tough some Take The Halls-Matches can take HOURS :D9/10 Juggs"
,Recommended,219830,8007395,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Sharkaj,Awesome concept! I wish this concept would merge with terraria.
76561198065429123,Recommended,219830,8010780,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,marshmallow matey,This game is so much fun!! 9.5/10
76561198006530733,Recommended,219830,8011558,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Rexathor,"OMG, So fun! build catapults... Ballistas... Too much fun!"
,Recommended,219830,9134697,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Gyro Zeppelli,"This games quick building fun and small to large action-packed battles definitely make this worth buying. At first it can be hard and boring, but then picks up pace and you have loads of fun...    You quickly build your castle only to find you have not covered a flag so you rush over and realize there is only time top build a wooden barricade. Then, race back to the tent and switch to a knight so you can block out the storm of arrows but then you fall down a mine and have ot wall run your way up.That is KAG"
,Recommended,219830,9309266,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,[STO]Teddy BROsevelt,"Class based, Side Scrolling, Quake 1.  Can be insanely fast pased.  Timing is everyting.  I absolutly LOVE this game!"
76561198047441065,Recommended,219830,9310216,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Baine (BC4L),this is so much fun
76561198009425812,Recommended,219830,9057691,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,=CHG=AfricanJungleMonster,"King Arthur's Gold is perhaps one of the single greatest multi-player side scrolling themed games I have ever played. This game has recently been made available to purchase through Steam, but has an extensive following, manifesting itself during the Alpha and Beta stages of the games development. There is an outside Steam forum for KAG located(https://forum.kag2d.com/)Where you can contact other players, and get in touch with the developers. There is also Modding tools, and instructions on hosting your own server available at the forums, which I feel is a great addition to the game, and will inherently increase the content and re playability of the King Arthur's Gold in the future.The actual Game play is set within a Medieval Age side scrolling platform, Where Two Teams Battle it out for Dominance in Three primary Game Modes. I personally find myself going back to Capture the Flag, But Storm the Halls, and Team Death-match are also appealing. There has been a Zombie Mode introduced into the Game, however it is still in the Pre-Release stage of development. The Arcade, mode is also fun, giving a Puzzle/ Race across the Map and obstacles to the finish with different classes.Speaking of Classes, There are Three classes released right now. The Knight is the powerhouse of your Team, armed with Sword and Shield you Glide/ Slide your way to the enemy and Charge & Slash through their noob players to Victory. The Builders role is the most Diverse, offering both offensive and defensive capabilities. They are also the resource collectors of your team, but if you find a huge pile of stone left behind from some blood crazed dead builder, carry the resources back to help your team construct your defenses. Whether you are building Shops for your Team at the Spawn, Traps and Walls in the field, or Ladders and Tunnels to Storm your enemies gates you will be the last to receive credit for victory, and the first to be blamed in defeat, primarily by the Archer class. The Archer class is unique in the they carry a type of radical grapple hook which allows you to skillfully scale almost any Wall in the game. They can also scale Trees, and have the only long range attack in the game aside from Siege Equipment.Each Class can supplement their skills with Shops, giving your character the competitive edge and courage only a Keg of Explosives, or Explosive Fire Arrows can muster. The game at this point has some balancing issues, which is to be expected with any multi-player online game, but nothing which corrupts the overall experience and enjoyment achieved from playing the game. KAG is still popular and growing, so finding a server should not be a problem; If it is, there are ways to host your own servers so don't let that discourage you. The only thing this game is missing is more classes, character skins, Larger explosions, Steam Achievements, and a greater variety of game modes. If you end up Purchasing King Arthur's Gold you will surely not be disappointed."
76561197970527078,Not Recommended,219830,9059480,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Hus,"I really liked the idea of KAG.  The graphics look fantastic.  I laughed quite a few times the first 15 minutes of playing.  The game has potential.Unfortunately, it just isn't fun.  KAG tries to pretend you can have an objective based game where people can join which ever side they like and leave at will.  While trying to play you will experience massively un-even teams and a constantly rotating roster of teammates.  You may even be autoswapped to the other side so you can work against whatever you were just doing.  At some point, you'll give up trying to actually win and just pick a knight to go charging in and slash people to death for giggles.  This gets boring very quickly.The developers needed to either go the League of Legends route and have teams that can queue, a ladder, and a total focus on objectives OR they needed to make a silly action game where you jump around slashing random people for 15 minutes (a game which would have a bunch of fighting classes and possibly quick objectives like first person up the hill or last man standing).  They picked the middle point and it doesn't work."
,Recommended,219830,10895120,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,MadN,This is awesome!
76561198081649496,Recommended,219830,10917966,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Phenix66,Awsome!! It's got awsome mechanics
,Recommended,219830,10922668,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Noxum,A very good game for multiplayer but the single player isnt much to look at
,Recommended,219830,10902236,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,AI BOT,<3
76561198090526345,Recommended,219830,7655649,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,CrypticSponge,"Great game, cheap, lots of fun"
76561198096217950,Recommended,219830,7630008,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Donut Elite,It's pretty GOOD!
76561198129607821,Recommended,219830,10981617,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Bimbus,"Before you read this review I will tell you I love this game and there is not much to say is wrong with the product. The game worlds are very different and look nice. The gameplay itself is wonderful with walljumping, charging up attacks, surfing with your shield :P. Every class seems like they have a purpose and you have to know the class to make any impact in the game to effect how your going to win. Nothing seems overpowered with every class having unique ways of entering and exiting bad situations. Overall I would give this game 10/10. This game makes me feel good on the inside and laugh every once in awhile."
,Not Recommended,219830,11068084,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Tr4nzNRG,"-32 players CTF is fun when the teams are balanced but this mostly doesn't happen!-Switching teams to just join friends is nearly impossible (due auto team balance, it just doesn't happen)!!-Even if you did switch teams to join friends you get randomly switched teams every round!Game is fun for about 1-2 hours than it gets repitive and boring.Buy this when it's around 2-5 dollars/euro."
,Recommended,219830,10967241,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Swep,8/10 would play.Pro:Knight is least played class.Con:Knight is boring.
,Recommended,219830,10642550,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Commissar Boney,its an easy and fun gamebest playing with a gamepad
76561198081073304,Recommended,219830,10628851,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rancune,This is a great game with keeps me entertained because its just... so easy to play and hard to master. You can make awesome traps and building or just go full attack and try to destroy the enemy. Just so much fun!
76561198030685674,Recommended,219830,10815404,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Predator,Chivalry meets terraria.perfectly executed
76561198006930954,Recommended,219830,10820207,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lord Gallad,One of the funniest games I have played.
,Recommended,219830,10793787,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Skantæ,"Wow. I rarely make reviews, but this game is worth it."
,Recommended,219830,10794758,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Boilin' Toilet,THIS IS SPECTACULAR
,Recommended,219830,10795977,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,InitialGT,Built a wall around a flag but a knight came and threw dynamite at it to blow it up.10/10 would build wall again.
,Recommended,219830,10798540,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Zephios,This is fun as hell with friends.
76561198065362260,Recommended,219830,10735529,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sandstorm,"Truly fun, a mixture of fluid combat and terraria-esque building-albeit with collapsing physics! this game has such wonderful tiny details- the mines float, random animals that give a heart when consumed- however. while this game is charming, I have found it to be a bit difficuilt to those who have just started the game. for example, gold and coins are not the same thing.I whole-heartedly reccomend this ame to anybody who enjoys building, fighting, and utterly destroying levels all for the sake of a bit of rag on a stick.A must have game!"
76561198062530567,Recommended,219830,10764296,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Clare in the offlane,Fanatastic game to pass the time. Lots of action and strategy. Id advise picking it up if you like starbound or terraria.
,Recommended,219830,10826940,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Moodles,Best..... Game..... Ever.....
76561198018403751,Recommended,219830,8469499,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mohawkidiot222,"Reall fun and creative game. It may not be the funniest game starting out, but once you start to get strategic and have good players on both teams this game to be amazing."
,Recommended,219830,8473794,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dr. Clark,"Its kind of a cluster ♥♥♥♥, but it seems fun enough. Definatly worth trying. Cross between terraria and TF2."
,Recommended,219830,8476076,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dezan,"This game is a blast, I love what they've done with this game. Three Classes to choose from, a sturdy Knight with bombs and strange concoctions that can stun the enemy, the Archer with its grappling hook and flame/explosive arrows, or the often underplayed but extremely vital Builder preventing the enemy from cleanly sweeping through your territory with walls and traps also mining gold to help produce all those fancy items the other classes use.At first glance people might say it's just a terraria clone... Graphically that might be a little true, it does share that same pixelated charm but the gameplay is far from it. Instead of being able to just do everything under the sun your character is limited to what his chosen job can do. This might be a deterrent to some, it all makes sense when you think about balance. What would be the point if any character could just walk up and start mining away at your castle you worked so hard building?That said I've probably had most of my fun being a builder constructing massive castles and traps for my enemies to fall to their doom, without knights to protect the front line however you may find this a bit fustrating. Thankfully most people enjoy playing the combative roles.They do tend to overlook enemies digging from underneath however >.> Which leads to some pretty pathetic builder vs builder hammer fights haha."
76561198078585596,Recommended,219830,8451821,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mr Fox,"This game is awesome, but still only just past Alpha it is not without its issues. Be patient with the game and its lag problems - there is most certainly someone working on it now, and if not, they will be in the near future. It's a great $10 buy from Steam and there's an awesome community, and even an active modding community if I understand things correctly.I'd like to see some LAN features implemented in the game. If someone already knows how to sort that out, some directions/advice would be great too. :D"
,Recommended,219830,8442599,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,d4rkw0lf82,Great Game When your feeling bored!
,Recommended,219830,8485209,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Servelat,"This game is ridiculously fun and addicting. Sandbox action done right. It has castles, catapults, ballistas, battleships and exploding knights - everything to make every siege unique and totally epic."
,Recommended,219830,8487091,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Twitch.tv/gustkork,Very cool game!
,Recommended,219830,8488516,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Temporal,"King Arthur's Gold is a wonderfully frantic, visceral little hack&slash.If you have any experience with games like soldat, or any recent 2d creative games you'll feel right at home here. Controls feel exactly as you would expect them to; responsive and precise, and combined with the ability to wallrun/jump, hookshot, glide/surf on your shield, or just build yourself a ladder you couldn't ask for more mobility.Combat is simple, yet still has some depth. You have a main attack, a secondary (shield, grappling hook), and an item (bombs). You can attack with quick weak bursts, or charge up for a power attack. Charge slightly longer and your weapon will shimmer, allowing for multiple power attacks in a quick row, beyond that and your attack will fail. It's just enough to add some thought and variety to combat, while still keeping things simple.The building aspect really enhances the game. Stone deposits can be found throughout the ground by digging, and trees will grow on the surface providing wood. You can build walls, towers, pitfalls, tunnels, spikes, traps, doors, etc anywhere on the map. You can even build siege weapons like catapults.Each game typically starts with a build phase, where each side of the map is blocked off, providing you time to construct some basic defenses. After that, all bets are off. Items like doorways and spikes react to the proper team, meaning that careful building can really change the flow and control of the map. When those fortifications eventually fall, they do so with full physics, crumbling down and crushing anyone in their way.It's already worth every penny, and it can only get better."
,Recommended,219830,8479688,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Concentrated Salt™,ok so i mean the concept is really neat and the design is cute but the controls are kinda weird like it doesn't follow the standard WASD+space movement and it's super awkward to pick up but aside from that there are some pretty neat new things
,Recommended,219830,8429527,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,stikyliteswitch,"This is a great siege and defence game, 3 classes, knights fight close combat and use bombs to break into defences. archers shoot from afar and can deal masive damage. then builders which are the base of whole game, they build walls to keep enemys out and traps to kill them, and they make workshops wich are used to make anything from a dril to a warboat. great fighting sistem so people dont just click at each other till they die. tons of wepons items and constructions to make every mach diferent."
76561198079443895,Recommended,219830,8431408,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Camiraptor,"King Arthurs Gold could quite possibly be the greatest game i've played all year because of the humour and randomness of it, for example, i flooded a whole area to weaken a bison which had been causing me grief throughout the whole level, so then as it was flailing about helplessly i dropped a boulder on it's head to drag it to the bottom of the new lake which i had created and drowned it.Overall, i think this is an amazing game, the single player, although very short, will leave you laughing and the multiplayer will result in losing many hours."
,Recommended,219830,8499111,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,king fidget spinner,"This game is highly addicting. Do not get if you only have a little bit of time to play... just kidding - get it anyways! There is always so many people online and so much to do. In fact, snag it while it's on sale! Take the aspect of a 2d-8bit platformer with friends and enemies online. Same sort of idea as Chivalry: Medival Warfare with archers, knights, etc. It's a competitive game that takes some strategy and is an overall blast. Easy 9/10."
,Recommended,219830,8499461,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,TheBakerofCupcakes,"It is a fun and hectic multiplayer game full of castle building, castle destroying and explosions."
,Recommended,219830,8501560,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Chef,This game is insane.
76561198066590397,Recommended,219830,8502310,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ekid113,"It took a little while to get used to all of the action on the multiplayer but once you have it down, you will get all the gold"
,Not Recommended,219830,8493961,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,1objection,"Don't buy this game. Connecting to servers is a hassle, and most of the mods are a cluster♥♥♥♥ of people flying every direction for no apparent reason."
,Recommended,219830,13289136,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,ThE UrBaN PuNk,its like team fortress 2.... but like.... 2D
,Recommended,219830,13052253,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Risk09,Good bit of fun. A lot of fun. Not bad. I recommend to those wanting a small game to pass time.
,Recommended,219830,13156074,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,h a p p i  p a p p i,i like it
76561198078381467,Recommended,219830,13056109,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Jack Th3 R1pp3r,IT IS RALLY FUN
76561198099245431,Recommended,219830,13041015,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Jinakaks,This game is amazingly fun! It combines strategy with creativity to make great gameplay.
,Recommended,219830,7684510,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Chill Man,"oy this gameit's pretty cool rightstrategic and hectic at the same timealso you can RIDE SHARKS, GET THROWN FROM CATAPULTS AND EXPLODE TOWERSit's good"
,Recommended,219830,8494751,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,That One Neko Boy Thingy Person,I really like it!
76561198068565156,Recommended,219830,8306038,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Totti,This game is awesome! You can be a biulder and build whaterver you want. there are so many things that you can do in this game! I LOVE It!
76561198085042088,Recommended,219830,8359869,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Rystein,"Awesome game. Fast paced, crazy, creative and fun!"
,Recommended,219830,8350366,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Lemon,"Amazing game! Chaotic, crazy, and most importantly enjoyable. 5 stars!"
,Recommended,219830,8298037,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Metraf,THIS GAME IS AN AMAZING PLATFORM SHOOTER WITH MULTIPLAYER !
76561198091446945,Recommended,219830,7889581,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,joshgeden,"Good online multiplayer, but as many people have already pointed out, DAT SIGLE PLAYA B JCKED!"
76561198056956681,Recommended,219830,7890891,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Necryll,KAG provided me one of the most fun gaming experiences I've ever had when playing with a couple friends. This game combines chaotic action and strategic thinking. Want to chop some heads off and not care about anything else? Go for the knight. Want to create a strong fortress filled with deadly traps for your team? Go for the builder.
,Recommended,219830,7929992,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Pixelboyable,Something I'd defintely reccomend. Better with people you know.
,Recommended,219830,7930490,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Tumbi,"Great Game, good for low-end PC:s"
76561198087533732,Recommended,219830,7932080,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,TheCrazyPete,Sooooo Much Fun! One of the best games I have ever played and amazing to play with buddies on multiplayer.
,Recommended,219830,7932632,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,adsswagger,Really fun. After just playing this game for an hour I was addicted. Terraria and Pvp all in one. The rest is too awsome to be described in words.
,Recommended,219830,7932643,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,some fat nigerian,"A Really fun game with good content and a great design, its lots of fun and I think you should get it.Id give it a 9/10."
76561198049260697,Recommended,219830,7933244,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Wildcard,Really fun if u get the game spot me a message
76561198022006469,Recommended,219830,7933447,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Sinatra,awesome game you will want to play it for hours. enough said just get the game.
,Recommended,219830,7933607,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Nightwolfd,Divertidissimo!
76561198066254074,Recommended,219830,7933973,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Fredrick M,It is the only chicken flying multi-player battle-builder simulator.
76561198079624137,Recommended,219830,7946726,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,AutHoriTies,it is very fun
,Recommended,219830,7947190,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Tom Warz,"This game is excellent, cheap, chaotic, its just so awesome. GET IT NOW!"
,Recommended,219830,7949498,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,★ MNI | Magotrap,Holy Crap is this game awesome!Here are the pros and the cons:Pros:+Awesome physics+Cool items+Singleplayer campaign+and many more Pros!+Moded serversCons:-The singleplayer campaign is too small-Needs achievments-Needs more classes
,Recommended,219830,7949796,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Mr. Meeseeks,fun
,Recommended,219830,7949838,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Happy,Buy this game
,Recommended,219830,7950400,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Haslas,This is one of the best games ever :D I LOVE IT SO MUCH!
,Recommended,219830,7955762,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Bender The GREAT,"Great game like terraria, but for mac"
,Recommended,219830,7958065,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,brandoloni,I really like it - reminds me of Worms Armageddon forts for some reason. I also love the retro graphics and the building/preparation aspects.Really well done and I recommend it for the price.
76561198073013396,Recommended,219830,7947553,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,shahpourkhosravi,Best game ever
,Recommended,219830,7961269,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Bunk,"Awesome game, I can't stop playing it"
76561197981547778,Recommended,219830,7961421,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,TestDem,SO...MUCH...FUN!!!
76561198110954794,Recommended,219830,7962468,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,zen2oo,this game is very fun you can build and battle in many different game modes
,Recommended,219830,7615705,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Vampire Kat,This game is awesome! Grab some friends and play it already! Terraria + Point Capture. What's not to love?
76561198027366629,Recommended,219830,7837300,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,thegoodgerman6,Really fun multiplayer game. Highly recommended
,Recommended,219830,7837826,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Opie Brezhnev,"this game is great! if you can get a couple buddies to come along and storm a castle with you, hours of fun can be had."
76561198009652527,Recommended,219830,7897086,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Bignight,amazing I AM KING OF THE SHARKS
76561198025673653,Recommended,219830,26770966,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Potato,I've spent the most time on the mods.They're pretty fun.
,Recommended,219830,27076546,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nap,It was really fun.
,Recommended,219830,10047911,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Camren,"King Arthurs Gold is a game that I have never gotten tired of. I have had it for 3-4 months. Usually i get bored of a game after a few months. But King Arthurs Gold has this touch that makes it so brilliant.Every game you play is always different. If I could rate it 11, i would. 10/10"
76561198056762123,Recommended,219830,10849808,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,I haven't had this much fun in a game for awhile now. Anything can happen. I got lauched across the map by a catapult that caused me to land on an archer's head which killed him.10/10 Would be Mario again
76561198063666163,Recommended,219830,21179568,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,The Magic Pear,"I've played a decent bit of this game, and in that time it's probably been the most fun out of all of my games. It's a game where you build a castle, then storm their castle, then blow up castles. If you like the sheer fun of destroying giant sculptures, get this game. If you like going on a rampage with bow shooting badass-ness, get this game. If you like shooting someone with a highly explosive keg, which makes them drop it from the top of a tower, then blows up their huge tower, get this game (true story). Furthermore their are many, many, MANY great mods in this game. One that lets you roleplay and fight a undead warlord, build boats and battle, and survive the zombie apocalypse. Plus you can launch sharks out of catapults, yes, I'm for real10/10, would kill horde with shark again"
,Recommended,219830,8495954,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Setras,"An epic build & fight game, reminds me of old and good team fortress in 2D with terraforming capabilities. I, personally only play the CTF mode!"
76561198088824625,Recommended,219830,26762615,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ByBoris,"Amazing game, pure dynamic.The bad thing? need people ASAP!"
76561198077435048,Recommended,219830,26740018,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,WrathPunch,"The video is pretty straight forward. The KAG community traffic is runnin a bit light these days but usually every time im on there are at least 30-50 people on and there is almost always a full game of 10v10 goin on. I have had the game for about a year now, still enjoying it. I think this game appeals mostly to people that like to play terraria, minecraft, and building games.  the most common game mode is capture the flag, games can go from literally 30 seconds to a couple hours. ya need some good builders on your team, thats for sure.  if you leave, somone usually fills your spot right away. Its only 10 bucks, sometimes on sale for 6 or somethin like that. For the good laughs i've had from it already, ive already got my moneys worth. Doesn't hurt to show ur friends the game, great game to play while havin a few drinks :D"
,Recommended,219830,26945198,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheWhiteNinja,Es prety gud gaem
76561197971653267,Recommended,219830,26945571,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EvoZX,"Fun and addicting game, it's a shame there are barely people playing it anymore."
,Recommended,219830,19318252,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,blobjim,"The game is quite fun to play and a huge time sink, matches can range from 10 minutes to 3 hours. The developers don't update the game very frequently. I've also been kicked from matches a few times because people misunderstood what I was doing, so other players don't always make the smartest decisions and many people will simply approve a vote kick without considering why the vote kick was issued, but more often than not people are pretty friendly and the game allows for some silly interactions (emotes are awesome). The game can be buggy at times and the framerate is a bit odd, but for the most part the game is very enjoyable to play, especially once you've played it a while.April, 2017:The developers continue to push small fixes and updates to the game!"
,Recommended,219830,27428566,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sergeant Potato,"When I bought the game I never thought I'd play it more than maybe 10 hours. Starting now to close in to 200 hours and only climbing fast. It's a fun little game to hop in and play a few rounds a day so it keeps pulling out a couple hours out me each day. There is also a small selection of very diverse game modes, espescially if you delve into some of the modded servers, which introduce a whole bunch of new strategies.And since it's not such a big game you tend to meet the same people, who you start recognizing and they start to recognize you, so it's really easy to make friends here!It's a great game and definitly worth the money!"
,Not Recommended,219830,24717210,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,lukiwi,"terrible community, you'll get banned from servers for no reason at all. If you're not a 500h veteran, you're not worthy of this little circlejerk"
76561198041555259,Recommended,219830,9996606,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,xodbox,best game on steam imo played this for over 175 hours why because its that damn good. best purchase on steam so far
,Recommended,219830,23072978,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,burger1018,"King Arthur's Gold is a 2D action indie game.  Through the many gamemodes, such as Roleplay, CTF, TDM, Laser Wars, and Shiprekt,  Capture The Flag is the most common.  It's exactly what it sounds like.  You try to get the enemy's flag, by breaking, bombing, and killing through hordes of enemies.Pros: BombsMurderBison TamingMassacring enemiesShark TamingKegging your own baseCons:LosingI'd recommend this game."
,Recommended,219830,16556516,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Chrisvas,It is a good multiplayer game and has a lot of fun. If the game had a better price you could actually play the game with much more players.
76561197980881916,Recommended,219830,10831429,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Twitchy,This game is a gem.
76561198238207438,Recommended,219830,24727102,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ThompsoniusIV,"Buying this game is not useless, because it is actually a pretty awesome game. But there is still work that has to be done. e.g. you cannot save your creations easily, also the map has to be bigger. it would also be nice to see more materials and building stuff"
76561198046109469,Recommended,219830,23910573,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Evil Monkey,"Game is good, but has a bit of a learning curve. You can expect lots connection lag."
76561198061014724,Recommended,219830,9194506,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,DAVE,"I havent played it for a while, but still it is astounding that there are still alot of people playing it. Even though nobody plays TTH anymore D:I enjoyed TTH alot."
76561198134267081,Recommended,219830,14043108,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Shmallow cat,I have played six hours some were good others bad but it was fun anyway especially acidentally falling on the sawmills and dyingsawmill/10
76561197972522767,Recommended,219830,14044510,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Dwarven Atom Smasher,Awesome game
,Recommended,219830,14306391,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Deus Vult,"Haha! This game had me laughing nearly to death. Everytime someone dies, their scream is AMAZING!Screaming Simulator 201510/10 would yell at again."
,Not Recommended,219830,14212215,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,"Couldn't get into it. Not sure how some people have played 500 - 1,000 hours."
76561197977060919,Not Recommended,219830,14019764,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Dave! Yognaut,"I played this game before it went onto steam and when it did i decided to buy it since i liked it when it was free.when i loaded it up however it could not authenticate my old account. So i made a new one, it didn't work. After a big headache trying to get into the game i gave up and came back about six months later and tried again and this time i was able to get back in, but by this time the game was deserted and it had changed.Buildings you build can now be destroyed instantaniously! Defeating the main purpose and what made this game so fun!Really terrible networking and programming, couldn't even play it when it launched. More of a sidescrolling hack and slash game now then an interesting build and destroy type game.I can tell as a gamer not much stock was put into this game. The basic menu is still the same as before  when it was in alpha very limited. To CHange your window size you have to go into the games files and edit them! WTF!It was good, now its bad, too bad, this game had and still has so much potential."
,Recommended,219830,13368810,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,North,This is my go to game when I only have a little bit of time to zone out. It is wildly entertaining but incredibly frustrating.
,Recommended,219830,7633436,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,"DrTaco, Puncher of Skulls",A bunch of midget looking creatures with different hats and almost ninja-like movement abilities going about building and destroying massive castles while brutally murdering each other for no reason whatsoever besides little bits of clay or colored cloth in a highly stylized 2 dimensional map. 10/10
76561197983675805,Recommended,219830,13363464,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,andres86,Good and interesting multiplayer game.
76561198113645387,Recommended,219830,13513355,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bessie_The_Cow,good game just wish there where more classes
76561198020839419,Recommended,219830,13686072,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,J_T_R_2008,"One of the most unique multiplayer games out there. No matter your play style, you'll fit a role an can make a difference in every match. The building is fantastic and to watch these great castles crumble over time is an experience like no other!"
,Recommended,219830,15012697,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,The Canadian Prophet,it was ok 10/10
76561198174598841,Recommended,219830,14921426,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,WunderTeir,its pretty fun arcer and knight are awesome
76561198056778335,Not Recommended,219830,7635062,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,SleepyNarwhalz,No one is ever on anymore :(
,Recommended,219830,14015332,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tsik-vai Severum,"This Game its awesome! Lots of fun, gather your friends build a castle and pray, that no one accidentally light up a KEG inside your borders. Knights are OP, archers weak but annoying, and builders ... strong, annoying, and fun to play. Totally Worth playing."
,Recommended,219830,14187651,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,IHAZCAMEL,So Adicting !!!
76561198051255764,Recommended,219830,9019161,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,qwer,It's really really awesome game.
76561198054674323,Recommended,219830,12014204,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,michigogo,"Yes! Stop staring at the reviews and buy this game! Destroy the enemy base, or improve your own, fly and glide with your shield, flying all over the map, and drop into the enemy's base like a ninjaaaa!Make a catapult, a ballista and boats to take over the map! Switch to any of the builder/knight/archer class, and make huge killstreak! Climb trees and the tallest mountains with your hook, to harass the enemy! Make a secret tunnel to get past enemy defense and ... Get the Flag! Make bombs to destroy anything left, burn the enemy's wooden structure, make trap near your flag base, to protect it!!!Wait? You are bored?Find another server with mods to make this game even funnier!Such a nice game! Buy it!Great community too! devs will listen to your requests!"
76561198273087066,Recommended,219830,26325258,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Some Ghosts,I would call this game♥♥♥♥♥♥..but for some weird reason I keep playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I want to hate it but.....I like it but not love it. Some severs are very shity and some are pretty good. The game all in all is OK if you want to have drug addiction in game form then get the game!
76561198095058237,Recommended,219830,8158057,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,DicedIce,"I don't usually buy games that I haven't heard a lot about, but I can say that I am beyond satisfied with this game. I love some of the modded servers and some of the battles that ensue on them. Overall, an amazing game."
,Not Recommended,219830,13766534,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kojema,to aynone looking to buy the game but worried about a bad playing exp.This is a competitive game for the most part. there are some other private servers that arent. Anyways this is a competitive game. Don't get this game if you just want to play 2d minecraft. this isnt it. dont buy then play only a builder class the whole time then complain. the game wasnt meant to be played by builders the whole game. once the build timer is over get into a knight or archer class and rush those enemies with ur team. big ellaborate defenses can be gone in seconds wasting all the easy access building mats. build until timer is up then move on. pick a class knight or archer and stick to it. learn it. youll thank me later. have fun :)Edit:Have to come back and change this review. This game used to be fun a long time ago. It really isn't anymore. Just stay away. Read other peoples recent negative reviews. I don't feel like reiterating the same♥♥♥♥♥♥again.
,Recommended,219830,7830552,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Slojoe17or76,"This game was made by the creator of Soldat, A 2D online shooter which is FREE (www.soldat.pl)and then he came and made this, a fun little game that is until both, People stopped playing the fun game modes and also all american servers that hosted that gamemode completely died, He also later made Butcher which is fantastic."
,Recommended,219830,28241753,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Astrolite,"Fightmans, buildmans and bowmans. I had some truly legendary fights in this game. Full on, intense battles raging back and forth for many hours. Every single block was fought over. Needs a bunch of people online for it to be fun though."
76561197980859358,Recommended,219830,7744657,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,salutepeezy,"This game is a lot of fun, think side scroller chivalry meets minecraft.  Build forts, shoot arrows, and ride bison.  I get some friends together and play in the same room and have a blast."
,Recommended,219830,7746006,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Davemeister,"Great gem of a game, fun way to waste a few hours! Even better with friends"
,Recommended,219830,7631196,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,SmilingHypocrite,"Terraria-style 16vs16 PVP, what's not to like?"
76561198005403195,Recommended,219830,7761728,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Leifanator,"Despite only having logged an hour through steam, I've had KAG since beta. Now that my street cred is well established, onto the meat of it!First off, yes, Terraria... We get it, you're able to distinguish a particular art style. Well done you.Secondly, no, it's not Terraria. It's a completely different game.Thirdly. So long as you don't have a terrible internet connection, this game is freakin fantastic.Why you may ask? It's PvP focused precision combat with base building. I say precision combat because there can be some stunning trick shots made as an archer, some fantastic bomb jumping stunts as a knight, and collapsing wall sections as a builder at just the right time to squish your opponents.As much as I love this game, I've given up on it due to a terrible New Zealand internet connection as the precise nature of the combat needs to be seen as it happens and not with a slight delay.The base building is fun but is something that takes a while to master. Learning things like not making the section facing your enemy of your structure wooden or don't make traps/pitfalls that your own team falls into. But these things are relatively easy to pick up if you play as the other two classes for awhile first as you will constantly be assualting your enemy and seeing the mistakes they've made in their defenses.The downside to this game is that it can be a bit repetetive. But if you've played any PvP game for any length of time then you'll easily keep coming back to this game as well."
,Recommended,219830,7625383,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,NicolasNSane,"King Arthur's Gold is the ultimate blend of multiplayer mayhem, combining hack n' slash action, archery, terraria-style building, physics and siege warfare all into one beautiful;, fun package.No other game is quite like this, and honestly, the best way to see what it's like is to play it for yourself. I highy recommend this to anyone who enjoys crazy, destructive fun."
76561198041925011,Recommended,219830,21768554,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kalos,Gr8
,Recommended,219830,21852225,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,rubenwardy,"Awesome game. Fast paced multiplayer game. Capture the flag is my favourite game mode.Two teams build defences and try to capture each other's flag.Players can choose between builder, knight or archer."
,Recommended,219830,21991505,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Non-fat Yogurt,It's decently nice 9.5/10
,Recommended,219830,21974711,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Big Boy,"Well... it's pretty unbalanced. Great fun if you like rushing a wall and dying. There really should be a level system. I got kicked from a server because I killed someone... Wait? Isn't that the point of the game? To kill everybody who isn't wearing the same color crest as you? Yeah, people get really butt hurt when they die for some reason. Well any way, it's great fun! The building is a bit finicky though."
76561197991163758,Recommended,219830,7647294,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,XoAt,"may look like 1990, but fun as hell!"
76561197989487355,Recommended,219830,21371850,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Gyneslayer,This games pvp is what I wish Terraria or Starbound had. It's so much fun having a moba-sandbox game!
76561198042887910,Recommended,219830,21330496,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,GingerBeard,"I played the demo, loved it. Thought, ""why not get the full version?""Best choice in my life...But heres the thing, king arthurs gold has tons of different modes, maps, and mods. The trailer doesnt show you all the new and improved things in the game...First off - this game is for multiplayer. There is a very small campaign and totorials, but in reality... You have to get good by playing it. The multiplayer contains tons of easy servers to search. All you have to do to play it, is simply click and wait.The multiplayer has tons of different modded servers too. Its not just capture the flag and death match. Many of those modded servers are freaking zombie modes and theres even a roleplay. But over time you would find other modded servers. Some interesting, some not popular.Second off: There is alot of good games to play. Ranging fromCapture The FlagtoHalls. Capture the flag is usually the most popular game mode. But these game modes are very good! They are well programmed and simple. Oh and plus, if you are the build type... Theres also sandbox mode. Some of those are modded.This game is amazing, if you love cool dimensions to games and something new to play with. Its not the same every time.The only thing thats annoying is the crashing. It's better now, but sometimes it crashes because of how awesome the game is. ;)I r8 10/10Wehn I die,I cri evereh tiem."
,Recommended,219830,21612365,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Indian Snake Charmer,It was good except for corrupt sandbox admins.
76561198184508275,Recommended,219830,21613496,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SS1GravyBoat,"King Arthur's Gold is a great game, it's fun you can throw sharks, buy catapults, create games, the lag is bad but, it is still fun. It is an online multiplayer game, you can play single player stuff but it's not that fun (my opinion). There are 6 game modes Capture the Flag, Team Deathmatch, Take the Halls, Sandbox, Co-op Challenge, and Custom Content."
,Not Recommended,219830,21608883,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Pea-Pod the Rocket squirrel,"Fun, But too many builders are wall glitching... have a nice castle! great all they need to do to is put a block behind them and jump and bam there inside and blocking all the doors with even more blocks... the developers really just stopped giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game..."
76561198106836186,Recommended,219830,21596737,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Ghostmarine10,DO NOT RUN IF YOU HAVE A♥♥♥♥♥♥COMPUTER!!!
76561198082047919,Recommended,219830,21314358,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,The Other Guy,"This Is a fun, friendly, stratagy game with a small, funny comunity."
76561198088185911,Recommended,219830,21532455,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Yelonade,Please make an expansion pack with spears or anything....JUST TAKE MONEY DIRECT FROM MY CARD!!!!! You deserve it
76561198111058051,Recommended,219830,21508635,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,icebev555,annoying and generally rubbish
,Recommended,219830,21650030,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Emisc,Who doesnt want to build bases and get shot out of catapults holding chickens so you go further??Tower destuction with physics? Exploding keg bombs?
,Recommended,219830,22071919,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Gronith,good.
76561198071578708,Recommended,219830,22054734,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,scorpio,the servers are kind of bare and the people still playing are really experinced and mean : ( but fun and I dont know
76561198030652627,Recommended,219830,7849357,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Slippy Toad,"Imagine Terraria, Team Fortress 2, and Orcs Must Die; that is this game. Its like a crackbaby of all three of those games combined into one loving' spoon full!"
76561197976223239,Not Recommended,219830,21439552,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,theDUKE,-Alpha garbage+buggy mods??profit??
76561198065659623,Recommended,219830,21715905,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Senator Armstrong,A hacker turned the water into mines making me surf on explosions10/10 would be hacked by Michael Bay again
76561198008628228,Recommended,219830,20198065,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Friend~Chip v3.5,Super fun and lots of replay value
,Recommended,219830,7970491,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Maverick,good game
76561198025527261,Recommended,219830,20135943,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The Vag-meister,"Fantastic little game, great mechanics. If youre looking for a fun, casual, quick pick up multiplayer game with a Terraria like feel this would be it. I originally didnt recommend this game simply due to the fact that there weren't that many servers, but that has improved."
76561198078976201,Recommended,219830,13731447,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,(Adam)*Cough*Cough*,fantastic game fast paced no hacker no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like that just striaght up att ack and defend it is amazing!
76561198070773836,Recommended,219830,13768351,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Rexal,SUCH A GREAT GAME!!!!
76561198046036230,Recommended,219830,13532494,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mizu Zoo zU,"Ok, ok, so it works again and I can't stop playing it...."
,Recommended,219830,15294896,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Ecto,"my go-to game when im bored, 9/10"
,Recommended,219830,15214531,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,To be Frank,"This game is probably one of the most fun games I've played these last yearsBut, the community is basically dead, unless you live in Europe you are probably not having fun playing.If we could turn back time, to the good f2p days, this game might survive, depends on the producers.And the game still receives hotfixes weekly, and that is fantastic"
76561198055484178,Recommended,219830,28007325,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fieres465,Such a fun game. Some times can spend hours playing with other folks and then other times almost no one is on. Oldy but a goody.
76561198066399978,Recommended,219830,28607489,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Biffjäkeln,I liked it. it was a little hard to get going with all the instalments but when i got online and played for a while it was really great. It had nice graphics too. 7/10
,Recommended,219830,16484494,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Erick,"Bought some time ago, since then I've seen some updates, but not much. In general can be an amazing game depending on what are you looking to play, I have 400h+ of gameplay and still play it, every game is different.It is a game easy to learn, hard to master, the communit isn't very nice with newers, so you'll learn just by playing it.I recommend before buying look some gameplays at youtube.Personally I love it, and when I enter there are at least 2 servers almost full, so I have no problem of waiting to play.FAQIs it dead?No, everytime I enter there are at least 2 servers with a good amount of players + some modded servers.Worth a buy?Look at my # hours :)Buy for singleplayer?No, it has a small campaing but is focused on mp.Muito lag?Antes havia um server br, infelizmente não tem mais. Normalmente jogo com ping de 100-133ms, incomoda um pouco mas é possivel jogar."
76561198205018556,Recommended,219830,14032370,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,222-doge for life,"sooooo much fun,  if you llike terraira i recommend this game but it has a very few items. The bad things are its relly small on the map and it didnt save my worlds. But you can play pvp all the time"
,Recommended,219830,14587681,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Boluz,"King Arthurs Gold is my favorite game of all time; it will give you a lot of fun, friends and more. You only need to be tolerant and patient, don’t worry if you get kicked when you are a noob, it’s only temporal and a lot of this guys are toxic, if you survive the ""noob stage"" you will enjoy this game a lot. I got almost every steam friend from this gameEvery cent was worth it,"
,Recommended,219830,28002407,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,bryncx247,"As a baddie, I hate the proffessional knights. fun game though"
,Recommended,219830,27963986,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ali20070,Good game
,Recommended,219830,22421086,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Sheik Yerbouti,Brilliant little game from the devs of the classic Soldat. Awesome modding scene as well! Can't recommend enough. Still rad as♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219830,27844549,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Segek,10/10
,Recommended,219830,8544402,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,HippoBreath,"This game is sensational! The graphics are great for a 2D game and the water graphics along with the fire graphics also look awesome. The multiplayer community is highly active and the settings are user friendly! If you are use to playing Terraria, then this game will be quite familiar! From crafting catapults to taking down a battlement, this game has it all! I highly recommend this game!"
76561198115415364,Not Recommended,219830,16491046,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Hûvy,"I did recommend this game at one stage, but there is few new players and mostly veterans. Its a fun game, but the amount of people playing now is very small."
76561198271643852,Recommended,219830,29115519,Posted: 8 January,all,Amaze,"There are still some players here, so I changed the review from negative to positive."
,Recommended,219830,16627116,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,EV0LVE,Dis is mai masta piece. The player base is smaller now but I would say that it is still easly worth picking up.
,Recommended,219830,27899456,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lukeivy,"I own a lot of games, I try to give them all a bit of attention and this ends up making playing them all a bit of a chore. King Arthur's Gold is one of the few (Maybe 5-10) games out of my library of over 150 games which has never failed to deliver a fun experience. The core gameplay of building, fighting and destroying still hasn't gotten old despite my near 200 hours at the time of writing this review. With a shallow learning curve, learning to play this game easy and fun and the more you play the more adept you become at the lovely movement system. The community could always use more members so I implore you to give this game a try and if somehow it doesn't hook you then there is always the refund."
,Not Recommended,219830,12680551,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,FuckNugget,"sTop DONT GO just YET!kEEP reADING!OKay so HEre'S THE deal,I just wanted to waste your time xd, you will never get those seconds back of your life lol xd, but from the bright side both of us will probably certainly be dead within 100 years so lol xd life sucks lolol"
,Recommended,219830,7956518,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,[NL] Skelly the Skeleton,just awesome and so much fun
,Recommended,219830,13010043,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Fuzzle,"Great, competitive game."
76561198085905643,Not Recommended,219830,16508090,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Pepper,"Updated Summer 2017:[TLDR: Great game, dying community, toxic veterans, if you would like me to teach you get better and compete with the vets and have fun, add me on steam and I'll be glad to help]Firstly, I would like to say that this game has been one of the best things I've played since 2013. Lots of servers and an all around fun team based game. The game was amazing and incredibly easy to run. Building your fortress, defending it, and sieging the other team's with catapults, ballistas, and giant explosive kegs. From battle to battle you'll see the freshest of new players go against the most seasoned veterans. Beautiful combat, flying guts and gore, funny emoticons, great memories. Except, it's not like that anymore. In these recent weeks I've only seen one server full. The US servers are empty and everyone else is slowly dying. Sometimes I think to myself, ""am I the only person in the ENTIRE UNITED STATES playing this game?"" the game is fun but it gets repetitive after a while. As you become more jaded and battle hardened, it simply dies down, and you join the ranks of the noob murderer. The game has all the content it needs but you'll get to a point in time where you'll just stop playing after the amount of wins you've racked up. Unless the devs decide to step up their game than I don't see this going anywhere but rock bottom (I see devs on steam discussion constantly so I know they're alive and responding). For 2013-2015 it was the greatest game I have ever played. As for 2017, I'd beg to differ."
,Recommended,219830,20610666,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ardebit,"Stopped playing, but it was worth 1000 hours of my life."
76561198103188739,Recommended,219830,33757948,Posted: 23 July,all,║²¿»♥TerraRia♥«?³║,For the prince(ss)!
76561198136662204,Not Recommended,219830,26458307,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,NinjaCatRex,The game's fantastic. Unfortunately the community is pretty much dead. The only thing played anymore is just constant CTF or one or two modded servers. Even then a lot of the players can be toxic.
,Recommended,219830,21989994,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Almighty Helix Fossil,Active modding community and frequent updates.
,Recommended,219830,7627075,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Olloch,Best game 2013. Like Terraria but you blow eachothers♥♥♥♥♥♥up.
,Recommended,219830,19987736,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ya boi Knack 2,In the amount of time I played this game I honestly injoined it. It sort of reminded me of the Minecraft walls game. But in the time I was playing I noticed there were 2 types of people playing the people that enjoy playing but couldnt get into it because they dont fully understand the game (I'm this type.) and the people that understand the game well and win the game for their team.
,Not Recommended,219830,24087110,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,kramer_,worst controls...ever...a dizaster!
,Not Recommended,219830,25632873,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Spooky Skeleton Man,"Edit:I can run rainbow six siege, killing floor 2, TF2, and cs:go without being lagged off the servers at all.But with this game, which used to be my favorite btw, I can't play on a server for more than 60 goddamn seconds before lagging out and getting ping banned.♥♥♥♥ your online optimizations, there is no reason this should be so unstable."
,Recommended,219830,34644483,Posted: 31 August,all,Flimsy,AMAZAN
76561198055817722,Recommended,219830,22089845,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Tesla the Fox,you will regret the time you didnt knew about this game
76561198099653045,Recommended,219830,17592360,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,曲げるBen,Empty servers
76561198101078501,Recommended,219830,21486650,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Vain,"buggy networking and broken gameplay, all jumbled into 1 game! Community is basically ♥♥♥♥♥ but more russians and less r8 threads. overall a 9/11, would kill a 12 year old again!"
76561198093776530,Recommended,219830,24401378,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Dreadwing,for twnetny houres
