user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,219910,7748361,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,brunobrcard,This game is lots of fun. It starts slow and turns out to be great fun. Early on you already know something is not quite right and as the game progresses you see how twisted it is. Great fun. My first contact with a Deadalic Game and a very good one.
76561198024972696,Recommended,219910,13748925,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DALCOhstangultion,"An interesting and very well done point-and-click game.  Apparently, it's a sequel to ""Edna & Harvey: The Breakout.""  But, it's independent enough to be played stand-alone.  Because of the age of the main character and some implications from the narrator right at the start, you might be tempted to consider this to be a child's game.  It's not.  It's an adult's game hiding slightly behind a childlike irony.  I bought it on sale for about $4 and that's a no-brainer of a purchase.  Absolutely worth that. I'd say it would still be well worth it at around $10.  It's current list price of about $20 might be a bit high, though.I do have some issue with the game, too.  First, it's slow to play.  But, that's endemic to these point-and-clicks since you've got to watch the character walk around, interact with the world, and converse.  Mitigating that is the saving grace that a lot of that kind of thing can be ESCaped out of or clicked through.  Second, some of the puzzles are not exactly obvious in what they want you to do.  This is especially true with the mini-games embedded in it.  Heck, the ""solutions"" from two of those mini-games were still obtuse enough to be of no use to me in the game proper.  And, finally, a lot of the achievements are royal pains.  They're not achievements that enhance gameplay.  Instead, they're of the form of ""do some pointless activity enough times for me to say ""you win.""  But, all-in-all, it's a very good game."
,Recommended,219910,17656894,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,cloudiwind,"Beautiful game I would say. Just get it, it's worth the time and money.Bought this game during the summer sale without knowing it's the sequel. Decided to buy The Breakout after playing.Harvey's New Eyes is deep, dark and twisted. My kind of game :)It's witty and with a wink and nod to the limitations of a point and click kind of adventure game genre, it gives gamers an an adult experience while providing necessary coverage to give a teen rating. Awesome plot really.The game has a pretty good sense of dark humour and sarcasm, cool mix of puzzles, logic and dialogues. Conversations are funny and Lily is just so cute with just her ""mmhmm"" and her nods.There were achievement problems though, but simply turn off the cloud sync in settings and it'd work. Cheers!~"
,Not Recommended,219910,21213843,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Belgarion of Riva,"It was inevitable that I'd play (and 100%) this game. I loved Deponia and The Breakout (the prequel to this) was pretty good too. However, this disappointed me. A lot.In this game is the distinct Daedalic charm; when you laugh at a joke in the tutorial, it bodes well. But the charm didn't carry as far as it did in Deponia or even The Breakout. Maybe it's because Lilli isn't as interesting as Rufus and Edna are, maybe it's because she never says a word, maybe it's because the tone takes a hairpin turn at Dark Street. I'll explain.Deponia and The Breakout (to be exact it's Edna & Harvey: The Breakout, but I'll just shorten that) have amazing protagonists. Rufus is consistently funny and engaging and is genuinely relatable, while Edna is just loony enough to keep attention. Lilli, on the other hand, never says a word.Yeah, she emotes a bit with her grunts and gestures, but silent protagonists are fundamentally character-less. Her thoughts are narrated throughout by an amazingly voice-acted male voice, but as she never communicates anything to other characters, they come up with flimsier and flimsier ways to say 'I know what you're gonna say'. It was clever at first, but it wore thin.This brings me onto another big flaw over Breakout... The voice acting is overall pretty bad. Breakout had one of the best performances I've ever heard for Edna, but even she comes across poorly in this sequel. All the other voices sound silly, faked or are generally hard to listen to. That's pretty damning for a dialogue-heavy adventure game.Then there's the tone. Jesus. I read that this game comes across as child-friendly. This is barely adult-friendly. Just some of the events that take place which get passed off as background gags are horrific at BEST. I barely laughed throughout the second half of the game because the tone had dropped so dark that it didn't feel right.Child suicide.That's all I'll say.Another point I should stress is that the puzzles range between discount Sudoku and actually impossible. Seriously. There was a logic puzzle that could not be solved with the information they gave me. Even the walkthrough I had to follow to progress couldn't explain HOW the information it gave was right; just that it was. And then another puzzle kept doing things different to how it said it did...but that one's hard to explain, so I'll just leave at that.My issue with the achievements in this game may not be relevant to some people, but I thoroughly enjoy 100%ing Steam games. That said, this one was a chore. The non-story achieves are dull as anything; here's a little comparison to Deponia (which came out before this)...Deponia has you break physics by playing with electronics, meeting a past/future version of yourself and a special one for replaying the entire game with every word (spoken and written) replaced with Droggeljug.Harvey's New Eyes has you do a slow, drawn-out task 10 times, a different one 15 times, a different one 20+ times and one even 99 times. It has perhaps one or two references that don't feel like a brutal slog, but the rest...Again, that might not matter to some people, but it contributes to my conclusion:This doesn't feel like a Daedalic game. This feels like a fan-made game based on a Daedalic game. The underlying sense of humour is definitely there, but the tone is too dark, the characters too flat and the story too...bad. I don't want to spoil it, but it makes the previous game's story feel like it was a waste of time and boils the 'antagonist' down to a generic evil plot. Complete with a maniacal laugh.It could also be a cheap shot (and a heavily biased one given my great love of the Deponia art style), but the art in this game felt budget. Perhaps they were emulating the art from The Breakout (the first game done by the studio), but I didn't like it.Along with that there were numerous graphical glitches like the inventory not opening, the protagonist appearing in two places at once and the camera panning to the wrong place or just jumping about.There were a few more bugs, but the bottom line is this didn't feel like it was done by the same masters of adventure games that made the Deponia Trilogy. Play them instead as they're some of the best of the genre. This is probably one of the worst. And that pains me to say."
,Recommended,219910,32266882,Posted: 8 June,all,Hangman Kid,"Overall Rating 6.5/10The GoodThe game is populated with wacky comical characters at every turn, so much so that you will never have a case of déjà vu. Not to mention the premise of the game began super interestingly. This all fits well with the theme, which is refreshingly light-hearted despite the story. Major areas in the game are unique and well executed throughout. The great music and art do certainly add to it as well. The gameplay itself was quite standard with a little bit of extra. Solutions to puzzles were often creatively bizarre with unexpected outcomes. Mini games, while few, were always fun, challenging and different.The BadThe conclusion was terribly anticlimactic. While it had a good start, the taste of the plot quickly became stale as the conflict nor the antagonists can be taken seriously, and there was never any significant character growth. There were also a significant number of minor plot holes and unattended questions at the end. Close to no characters were able to display complex emotions or personality. Gameplay felt a little clunky in some sections—minor bugs certainly didn’t help it either. Some problems leave you confused as the solutions were unintuitive. A key mechanic also was a bit forced and did not contribute much. While there are a few great voices, most voice acting felt a bit off and unpolished. The dialogue transition was too quick too.The EndMy overall rating for Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes is a 6.5/10. This game has so much potential to be something more on every level but it failed to capitalise at every turn as well."
76561198120766115,Recommended,219910,15328579,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Yasuzume,"The game is truly amazing, the plot is well told, perfectly led and utterly amusing. I would recommend that to anyone who likes dark humor, little bit of creepiness and doesn't mind basic drawing style. The riddles are easy, nevertheless they aren't main part of the game - perfectly led story and funny jokes are. To fully enjoy the tale and listen to all the lines you will need nothing more than 8 hours, but it's worth its price, especially on the sale. However, it might happen that you will get used to heroes much too quickly as I did, and 8 hours won't be enough.Pros:-Hilarious, sometimes ironic jokes-Colorful characters-Nice voice of the narrator-Soothing music-Good way to practice English for non-native speakers-Three endings (my favourite is the ""Contradict ending"", I loved to hear the voice of Lilly)Cons:-Basic drawing style (but you will get used to it very quickly)-Might seem too short-Low difficultyNow I am waiting for the first game to get discounted.Ps. Sorry for my bad English, I am non-native speaker."
76561198099216008,Recommended,219910,11547525,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Laura Blues,"The first thing that I liked about this game was the particular extremely dark humor, since the opening speech, where a narrator welcomes you and invites you to take the tutorial. At least in German, it’s absolutely delicious. It made me think of giving a ghastly report on a horrific accident with the voice a dad would read a bedtime story to his 4 year-old little girl.The beginning was like any other point-and-click game. I was this sweet shy little girl in a convent-school, doing this and that and the other… and suddenly I was staring at my screen with eyes opened like two fried eggs, jaw dropped, my mind blown, exclaiming “WTF! Did that just actually happen? WTF!” (My partner, who had been watching me play, laughed his a** off exclaiming “holy sh*t!”). That sent me to one of the most surreal, fantastic, incredible adventure games that I’ve played. I’m glad it was a rainy Sunday, because I just couldn’t stop playing until it was over. I loved every minute of it.Most “puzzles” are actually “collect stuff, combine/use”, but it has a couple of pretty cool mini-games. I strongly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys adventure or point-and-click games, but most of all, to anyone who’d like something out of the ordinary."
,Recommended,219910,18090962,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Just a Copy,"A point and click adventure i can recommend. This game has a black humor which I like, puzzles are not to hard, so i got through it rather quick.Compared to the predecessor Edna & Harvey: The Breakout:+ Controls, graphics, audio are better and more refined.- Puzzles were more obvious to me, so easier. I had less trouble solving the puzzles.- Less funny Harvey moments.+ Other funny moments.+ An ending which keeps me thinking about it. :)Enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,219910,17532714,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,talgaby,"Short version: 87%A new engine (Deponia’s), a new protagonist, and a lot more serious tone with pitch black humour: this is Harvey’s New Eyes in a nutshell. The sequel of Edna & Harvey is still a lot of fun to play for any casual and hardcore adventure game fan, but only if you are not the type who gets disturbed easily.Long version:Edna & Harvey: Harvey’s New Eyes is more of a spiritual successor to ‘The Breakout’ than an actual sequel, even though you will see many familiar faces and places throughout the story.From a technical standpoint, it is closer to Deponia: same engine, same user interface, similar multi-chapter story structure and difficulty. This also carries the advantage of using more refined point ‘n’ click mechanics for the small price of sacrificing the charm of a well-made indie game that made ‘The Breakout’ so charismatic.One of the most defining features of this game is the humour– humour darker than the core of a black hole. Seriously. If you get disturbed about children dying gruesome, horrible deaths, don’t ever buy this one. It may look cartoonish, but that is just one of the clever tools to make the player feel uncomfortable. Another is the narrator who does a perfect job of telling a seemingly innocent tale about a little girl in a way that sends shivers down your spine.The writing is excellent. Yes, it is disturbing in many places and it is disturbingly cruel with most of the cast, but the characters also fit in their role in the plot perfectly.It’s the small things though that shows the brilliance. Things like not letting the protagonist say even a single word in any dialogue yet still being able to carry meaningful conversations with everyone. Sure, it sounds insane to essentially cripple your dialogues, one of the main aspects of an adventure game, but sometimes being crazy works. And aren’t we all a little cuckoo in our own ways anyway?"
,Recommended,219910,30973649,Posted: 5 April,all,Joshyy,"A very cute cartoony point and click with a slight morbid undertone and weird psychological associations. Despite the bright and colorful overtone, the concepts and development of minor characters may be disuading to some. That being said, it was a simplistic point and click with some struggles, an easy going OST and uncommon writing style that may not appeal to all styles of humor. Pleasantly short, finished in about 2-3 short sittings, and satisfied with my game time.That being said, it's currently priced for $19.99, I don't recall how much I purchased it for but wouldn't recommend at full price. Definitely purchase on a heavy discount. $5-10 dollars seems to be a good price range for this type of game."
,Recommended,219910,27482494,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Panther,"Still one of the best Deadelic games after Deponia, the story is so twisted and mind blowing full with funny moments and challenging minigames. The most epic narrator after the Stanley Parable.A simple story about a small little girl that unknowingly kills everyone who she comes in contact with.I can only recommend it."
,Recommended,219910,32244577,Posted: 7 June,all,Daemonpuss,"Full review here:https://tdgameclub.com/edna-harvey-harveys-new-eyes-pc-game-review/ProsBlack humorThe contrast of innocence and brutalityGreat graphic and dubbingThe narratorFunny tasksThe story, plot twistsConsnoneScore: 78/100Join TD Game Club - Steam group:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/tdgameclubTD Game Club - Trusted game reviews:https://tdgameclub.com/"
,Recommended,219910,19507117,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MoH,"Point-and-click with a slightly dark and twisted humor. This game took me by surprise. I was very sceptical at first, my main game is counter-strike, but wanted something new.I played point-and-click games as a child in the 90's and early 2000's. This game has that same feelling of mystery and the satisfying feeling of accomplishment. I recommend it*Pros*-hours of gameplay (I actually thought it was finished after the first chapter)-3 chapters-good puzzles-You play a little girl that kills people-No quest log/task list. (I find it more challenging)*Cons*-The ""restrictions"" menu dissappears very often, atleast for me. (cant find any buttons to bring it back, but if I went to main menu and back into the game and it solves the problem for a limited time.)-No achievements (I'm no achivementhunter but still...)"
76561198085015983,Recommended,219910,32784564,Posted: 25 June,all,Yuka,"I love it.In general im a huge fan of Daedalic Entertainment games, and just like all the others, this one was a blast.This game has a great sense of humor, nice puzzles, and nice story line based on ""Edna's Breakout"".But there is no need for you to play ""Edna's Breakout"" beforehand, cause you'll be able to catch up with all the characters  and such during your run.There is only one thing i dislike: the length of the game. Its a little short. I was able to pass trough in about 4-5 hours, including me ♥♥♥♥ing up horribly.In the end i highly recommend this game, and can only say: if you like it you should play some more Daedalic games!"
76561198025859552,Recommended,219910,8763625,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Saphykun,"The cute, almost childish image of the game is all a lie, a lie glazed by pink gooey icing. This game explores various psychological themes while having the player draw implications from Lilli's actions. As of February's patch achievements work again, though there's some tweaking you might have to do on your end if you purchased the game before the patch.Be warned: the game is also slightly buggy, with the biggest bug completely breaking one of my save files and had me stuck at anOooooogiiiiiieeeedialogue right before the final encounter, forcing me to start the game over from scratch; thank goodness dialogues could be skipped with the Esc key. Smaller bugs include rapidly self-skipping dialogues and perspectively-wrong-sized characters (really, Mother Superior should not be as tall as the stair railings).This is not a game you should take at face value - you really need to delve into the story and its implications and twist your brain around the sanity of the main character. Or, the game can do that for you, your choice.d(^-^d) Obtain at your convenience."
,Recommended,219910,19756546,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Vapid Automaton,"I'll be honest, I bought this game because it was cheap & I liked the art style.  I wasn't expecting much considering the price was very low but I must say I was plesently surprised!Pros;:: I love point & click adventure games & this fits the bill:: It's got a cute, hand drawn art style:: It's sarcastic, funny, slightly evil & very silly.:: It's surprisingly lengthy too - {took me about 7 hours to fully complete it}:: You have these ""mini game"" sections throughout the main game & it's handy that they do give you a ""skip"" button, so if it's too hard of a puzzle or you just can't be bothered doing it - you can skip it & it doesn't prevent you progressing further.:: The game has 3 possible endings - so it's cool you get to choose how your story ends {helpful tip - save when you're in the loony bin cell with Edna, this is a decent place to reload to if you're wanting to check out the alternate endings}Cons;:: At times I did find myself clicking random stuff because it wasn't 100% obvious on what to do next {a lot of time was wasted & I did have to resort to a walkthrough for about 40% of it - for shame...}:: During cutscenes, although the animation is somewhat smooth - the audio is bad.  You can hear it juddering & skipping - plus this happens during gameplay too so it can get fairly tedious after a while.:: The end credits seemed to go on forever & having the main theme tune on a constant repeat was dire, even though you could click your mouse to speed up the credits - for me, this just resulted in crashing the game.  No disrespect to those who made it, they all deserve recognition in the credits but it would have been nice to have a skip option for those who didn't want to sit through them.:: The achievements for the game are broke, you're able to unlock the ""fast learner"" achievement if you skip the tutorial {recommended for second play through} but after that you earn no more achievements - so if you're wanting to play this game just for the achievements, i'd give it a miss.  After a bit of digging through community discussions, this issue has been broke for quite some time - so far there's still no resolve.Other than that I can't pick much fault with the game.It's worth the money, it's silly, it's something worth wasting your time on.I only hope the developers finally get round to patching the achievements issue - otherwise they're going to have a lot of unhappy players on their hands asking for refunds, as something like that can really ruin the game for you."
,Recommended,219910,21052715,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Twistor,"TL;DR: Point & click adventure of seemingly innocent looks but containing dark humour and a grim yet wacky storyline.DISCLAIMER: This review is spoiler-free.Who the heck areEdnaandHarvey? That was our (me and my wife) first question since we didn't initially knowHarvey's New Eyesis actually the sequel toEdna & Harvey: The Breakout, despite having a release date preceding the latter on Steam. Fortunately it can be played well without knowing about the first game. It's definitely a nice game but like the main character, it's got issues.Who's who?Instead of Edna (who is your friend) you play as Lilli, a little girl being schooled at a convent school. She's depicted as a shy, clumsy girl who ""always does as she's told"". She's effectively a silent protagonist since she never gets to finish a word before she's interrupted.Usually in adventure games the protagonist thinks or comments on stuff that they see. Here this role has been reserved for the narrator. He makes snarky comments, describes what Lilli thinks and comments on every ridiculous thing Lilli tries. It's not possible to say more without spoiling it so suffice it to say his comments are masked by innocence but often tainted by the dark reality that Lilli seems oblivious to. We found the narrator hilarious, albeit repetitive at times.The other characters are generally well developed, wacky caricatures of stereotypes. Some are batshit crazy - others are even likeable. The roster is large though often there's little need to interact with them more than a few times.""Why are you playing a kids' game?""It soon becomes apparent that Lilli has some mental issues. Mental illness was the theme in the first game and thus it's appropriate to use here as well. The story plot starts out as a blend of a mystery and mundane chores, both of which lead to hilarious yet grim consequences, before developing into a kind of an escape and rescue adventure.Art style is simple yet colourful. Despite that don't go thinking this was a children's game just because of the bright graphics. They are in sharp contrast to the themes explored within. The themes are very adult and they involve mental disease, death, violence, alcohol, smoking and some other actions of dubious morale, more so than adventure games in general. This is not a bad thing per se, just not necessarily suitable for children.Clickety clickWhile playing we were menaced by a frustrating bug: when going to menu or alt+tabbing out of the game, the mouse cursor would stop registering either left or right clicks and oftentimes it would not open the inventory. This would be fixed only by revisiting menu a few times and trying again. It was mostly an annoyance though.Otherwise the interface works splendidly and it's a traditional point & click adventure game: left-click interacts, right-click looks at stuff. It's possible to see every interactable by pressing spacebar, which reveals that this is actually fairly casual adventure game: there are only a few interactables per every scene so it's fairly easy to progress even with the universal brute force strategy of trying everything with everything. Regrettably there's no dialogue for trying to interact with every object, so it may feel the game is unresponsive since one's expecting to get at least some response.Exploring the game this way is prone to find all kinds of bugs if they exist. We encountered German dialogue once. Couple of times a cutscene would be skipped fast through like I had skipped it myself, and this repeated even if I reloaded the same scene. These were annoying but not game-breaking flaws.Solid game with some issuesFor us the game lasted 15 hours containing completion, all endings and achievements. Contrary to many reviews, the achievements worked fine for us. Some of them are grindy and because of that hard to discover on your own. When you have to do some trivial interaction over ten times it really doesn't work well as an achievementin a point & click adventure game, especially since there is no indication or dialogue reward that you were doing it correctly.While the story is good, characters are quirky and interesting and we generally liked the game, I wouldn't recomend it at full price: I'd wait until at least 50% or 75% sale if you are not particularly into point & click adventure games."
,Recommended,219910,16666396,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,bagels,"Despite the technical issues I had with this, I love point and click games and it is well made. I'm recomending it because as far as this genre goes, it's great for those who enjoy that. If you loved monkey island, grim fandango, etc, you'll have fun with this as well. I don't see why kids can't play it, but people do die off screen and the character is responsible for killing them. That could be bad for some kids.As for the technical issues, myself and a lot of people can't get the achievements. Theres a fix for it in the forums, that involves deleting your save files and replaying the whole thing. Also, it froze at the very last battle for me. The forums also had people say that it worked when they reloaded it days later, so far it hasn't worked for me. I can't get an achievement for it so I'm not too bothered by it. But these are issues people have been having for two or more years so it does irk me a bit that it isn't going to be fixed."
76561198102199295,Recommended,219910,22803155,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,jordyh7,"holy guacamole! i blew through this in one day and it was flippin fantastc!  i cut a tendon in my thumb so i was looking for a god one handed point and click and my gosh did this deliver. i wont spoil anything, but trust me, GET. THIS. GAME."
76561198128167541,Recommended,219910,14487972,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Sammy096,"One of the best point-and-click adventure title I have ever played. Amazing narration, great design of characters, simply everything about this game is great, I enjoyed every little bit about it."
,Recommended,219910,23374587,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,luickx,MASTER PIECE++Clever puzzles               +Interesting story++Superb Humor               +Good art design+Unique music10/10https://youtu.be/TgLB9uNKS-c
76561198068738339,Recommended,219910,7893298,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,ComicGeek,"I'm a huge fan of point and click style games and this was one that surprised me with how dark it was but also it was very complelling to play. The narration was funny and a nice dry tone that added to the charm, the enviorments I went to were drawn and created with such detail and looked amazing.The story itself is also very interesting (No spoilers here), its a squeal to the original Edna and Harvey The Breakout, which I also really enjoyed despite that the way the inventory works was more annoying then anything else in the original, here at times it can be but I looked at both and here it was improved a bit to be less of a hassel. Also the animation and overall quailty of the envoriments was very much improved from the orginial and is now much more polished with richer colors and detail.I will say that the ending was a let down (in my own opinion) but overall if your a fan of point and click games and a interesting narrative with dark humor and a unusual premise that seems to warp reailty as you continue to play, then this is the game for you. I felt myself guessing the wholeway through about who my character, Lilli, truly was, I mean right from the start (around 10 to 20 minutes in) you something was VERY wrong with her, mentally anyway. Just from the trailers I had the feeling she was not a normal person and I like stories that are interesting and suprizing and this is one of those games.It does suffer from the normal flaws of point and clicks. Trying to figure out what to do next at some points, having to backtrack alot, you know the usual annoyances.Still I do recommened it as a cool story and also the original as well.I would give this game a 8.4/10"
,Recommended,219910,30531375,Posted: 15 March,all,uneasybeat,"Interesting story and really nice art style. I did find some of the achievements a little annoying to get, but nothing that would undermine the whole experience. I'll definitely be playing more Daedalic stuff after this one."
76561198079497290,Recommended,219910,19756404,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Snifles,A great puzzle game with a very eerie atmosphere. Also has a great sense of humor! Definitly reccomend.
,Recommended,219910,18665719,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,lietu,"Really amazing humor in the game, there are some unique mechanics that work really well and are well explained. First game where I screamed ""hell yes"" at ""Do you want to play the tutorial?"". I can't remember the last time I've enjoyed the humor in a new point & click adventure game this much, and I'd definitely rank it among the best I've ever played, and I've played quite a few.There are some puzzles that offer the option to skip if you don't like those parts, and I find it a great idea .. some adventure games have had awful puzzles and being forced to play through them has really brought down the experience as a whole, though I've not yet had similar experiences with this game's puzzles.I've not yet finished the game and had to really struggle to be able to stop and go to bed, a couple of hours later than I originally planned to. I can't see how the game could possibly be ruined in whatever remains of it as everything I've seen so far has been great.There are a couple of cases where the controls and hitboxes for interactable things have felt a bit off, but overall they're still among the best I've seen in similar games. There is a well done ""highlight things I can interact with"" -key, so no need to do pixel hunting either."
,Recommended,219910,31208731,Posted: 17 April,all,Sushi,"I just finished it and it was incredible. 2€ or something in the sale...buy it...just buy it.*harveys voice*""YOU SHOULD BUY IT"""
,Recommended,219910,13260813,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,TheJolentino,"Amazing game! Good story, music, and puzzles. Overall, it was entertaining and I would defintely recommend it!"
,Recommended,219910,21722774,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mighty Pillow,"A proper follow up to Edna & Harvey: The Breakout! I enjoyed this game more than I enjoyed its predecessor. For one, this game was way more fair on the player! I didn't find myself looking up an online walkthrough every other puzzle. I absolutely still used one, but far less.The black humor was way stronger in this game! Oh my. And I thought The Breakout was messed up. It was almost too dark.One downside is Edna's role in the game is very small. She plays a minor character. I really got attached to Edna and way disappointed that this is really Lilli's game (and she doesn't speak which I didn't care for). Harvey however plays a major role in an interesting way. The good(?) thing about this game is that it could be easily picked up by someone who did not play through The Breakout.I finished this game in about 10 hours. It ended up being longer than the Breakout for me, which was very surprising because I thought The Breakout was quite long. After I'd finish a chapter in this game I'd be like, wow there's more?I had occasional problems with the restrictions menu not showing up, but other than that the game ran well.I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a point and click adventure game and likes dark humor.Also, there are no jump scares that I can recall."
76561198071359032,Recommended,219910,13917317,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Kaseteufel,Hilarious! If you have a dark and twisted sense of humour you will love this game!
,Not Recommended,219910,29946018,Posted: 15 February,all,Aríllae,"I bought this game in as part of a bundle working out at about £1.10 per game. For the price I paid this was an enjoyable game with some fun characters, creepy narrative and nice artwork. However, I would not recommend it at full price of about £15 because I had a number of issues with the gameplay itself. The 'puzzles' are not so much logical things to be worked out but more guessing at a specific but very random series of events/items/clicking that the devs have decided on. The solutions to puzzles often involve unnecessary prerequisites and other times just make no sense at all- I defy anyone to complete this game without at least being tempted to look at a walkthrough at some point!!"
,Recommended,219910,31760180,Posted: 14 May,all,Orestes,"I recommend this game... but only just.Let's start at the beginning: I found the opening of the game really unenjoyable and could only play it in 3 minute increments. The dialogues were indifferent and way too long, and the first few actions tedious. Actually this is a recurring problem. Quite a few times, when speaking to another character there were only 2-3 subjects and the ""dialogues"" end up being monologues, I guess because there is no other way to have exposition.On the puzzles, I have a somewhat polarized opinion. Most of them were fun, with the majority of them being too simple and the logic behind them transparent, while there were others that were completely illogical. Unfortunately, a repetitive pattern with Daedalic adventure games.The story started awkwardly but it became interesting while at the Convent. The macabre element made it funny, up to the point that it turned it up to 11 and presented a horrible subject as part of a running gag.Child suicide.It's one thing to have Lilly cause accidental deaths to other children, and a completely different to drive a person, and especially a child, to commit suicide. Not something I would call funny.The rest of the game was pretty good story-wise and the alternate world areas quite interesting.On a sidenote, the non-story achievements were totally ridiculous. Tedious at best, there was no rhyme or reason behind them, other than repeating the same action over and over."
,Recommended,219910,25098641,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,MinxTheMenace,"Well.. after picking up and finishing this game in one day the first thing that crossed my mind is:This game was worth every second playing. Actually, I wouldn't mind playing it a couple times more.The graphics are .. something to adjust to in the first couple of minutes, but still quite enjoyable.The humor of this game is .. incredible. I sat hear laughing tears at some points.The music get's a little repetitive after staying quite a while on the same screen, but that's alright - just think a little quicker, eh.So .. all in all, I'd rate this game a definite 9/10.Why 9/10?Well damn it, I really didn't want to ♥♥♥♥ing kill Capu. I liked Capu, for ♥♥♥♥s sake. Hmpf."
76561198142577948,Recommended,219910,11691385,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,x_hollykins_x,Wonderful game i really enjoyed playing it and i would play it again its just ashame that the achievements dont work. its funny and makes you want to keep playing.
,Recommended,219910,17865096,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Oatmeal,"I had always avoided point and click games due to my problems with the pacing but this game is a masterpiece. I haven't played the original but I didn't have problems following the story or the characters. When you start the game it fools you with a childlike artstyle and cheery music, yet, a little while after it takes a really dark turn. I found myself gasping and laughing nervously while the messed up events unfolded.I found the puzzles to be quite clever and interesting and I admit some of them were too clever for me... Nothing the wiki page couldn't help solve. I highly recommend this to any fan of the point and click genre or anyone who just wants a change from the norm.I give it a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,219910,30583516,Posted: 17 March,all,mudows,"Funny, cute and with a good story. It took 8 hours to finnish it (usually that kind of game lasts at least 2, 3 hours). Funny puzzles with a medium difficulty. Also I loved the soundtrack. If you enjoy that kind of game with good story, you'll like this one too!"
76561198117046215,Recommended,219910,30531728,Posted: 15 March,all,weirdomorgan,"Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes is the sequel to Edna & Harvey: The Breakout, but you honestly don't need to play the first installment to enjoy this game. If you want all the juicy lore from the first game and see how much the series has developed, then by all means, play The Breakout (cause it's great as well!) .If you're looking for a point and click that isn't super mundane and full of quirky characters, look no further! I was looking furiously for a gmae that didn't require many mechanics on my then potato laptop, so I looked through all of the point and click adventures and found this gem. I couldn't afford it at the time ($20 was a bit much for me HENCE potato laptop), so a friend gifted to me. After playign this game, I feel like buying it for a friend because this game is worth every penny!Seriously, if you want some very tongue-in-cheek humor with a sarcastic narrator ""helping you"" along the way, this is your game. You won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,219910,24076888,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,jenny_jinya,"This game has an extra ordinary kind of humor (I so love it!) and an suprisingly great character development and plot twist at the end. The puzzles are not too easy, the dialogues are amusing, the whole story absolutley entertaining. Funniest game  in a while!"
,Recommended,219910,24396575,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Astore,"This little girl has some problems...But anyway I laughed and laughed till my dog was tired of it and started barking...Absolutely lovely made game, the voices are just genius on both, german and english versions and the puzzles are challenging. Just beware that you don't click the ""skip"" button by accident.. especially if you already know the answer... believe me :(Nothing bad to say about it, aside that it drops its momentum after chapter I a little but. But I'm ok with that.Copleted in about 7 hours."
,Recommended,219910,24304771,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sonder Onism,"Upon first playing this game I didn't know what to expect since I haven't played the original.  I was definitely not expecting that such a colorful and seemingly childish game would have such a twisted sense of humor, paired with it's dark undertones. Following around the main character Lilli (who I'm convinced is insane) throughout the story line of Edna & Harvey has proven to be an entertaining adventure with humorous narration and an erratic story line. Simple gameplay and not for everyone but I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,219910,25123340,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,thanbo,Jokes both immoral and fun at the same time.
76561198024375763,Recommended,219910,33471483,Posted: 11 July,all,evendwyn,"I adored this game, as well as its predecessor. It's a classic point and click with an amazing sense of humor: child-like humor for the depressed cynic. If you think it sounds interesting, you'll love it."
,Recommended,219910,29722281,Posted: 5 February,all,VeryBadPing,"Done... Honestly I have to recommend this game, but I have to put this point'n'click behind Day Of The Tentacle remastered, the Deponia series and Clockwork tales of glass and ink (artifex mundi), since some aspects of the game did not click with me.Pros:- gfx art- sound/music and voice actors- dark and disturbing which let us escape the nice/gentle and politically correct atmospheres of other similar gamesCons:- first part is really nice, but in the second part, I got the feeling of a ""corporate chief forced us to finish quickly to write the story"": I found the ""absurd"" of this second part kind of ""cheap"". It means that I got the feeling, sometimes, that the  absurd was used more as an escape to fill a lack of imagination to go faster to the end of the story. I get the same feeling when I have been working on a topic for quite a long time, and after a while, I tend to used ""cheap"" tricks to end it more quickly, coze I'm bored. This is exactly the feeling I got on the 2nd part of the game. Maybe daedalic should make shorter games, but more polished and homogenous in the quality of the story telling. When working on an absurd world, the elements of absurd must be elegant, powerfull and sophisticated. Moreover the absurd world has still to be coherent regarding its absurd rules (c.f. Terry Pratchet's disc world | Harry Potter | Day Of The Tentacle).- I did hit 3-4 annoying bugs (hangs and stuck camera)."
,Recommended,219910,28531793,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Purple Orange A,"Just beat the game. this game is awesome. the dialogue design... oh wow i just wish i could take screenshots for every line (which i pretty much did)I can see this game is not for everyone, but I utterly enjoyed it. also for those who think that the plot went too far, cmon guys this is satire.***I watched the trailer which contains spoilers, so don't watch the trailer.This game is frequently on sale and the price can reach $1~$2.I usually don't write reviews until I beat the game, but this game is so good that I can't wait.I was hardly a fan for Point & Click because 1. I prefer more complex gameplay 2. I prefer more complex plot. Yet this game is good on both, and more. I strongly recommend it.- Gameplay:The gameplay is still P&C here, so you just click your mouse around, but personally the difficulty is really good - nothing insane, but hard enough that you actually need to think and explore. The simple gameplay also makes the plot more ironic - all this dark plot only requires some clicks.- Plot:As many have suggested the game is really dark. REAL dark. There's no ""normal"" character so far and the relation between people is really fked up. It is very unique.- Atmosphere:The cartoon graphics, the cheerful music, the simple control... EVERYTHING adds up to the dark atmosphere. I feel very emphatic with the main character because of the way the story is told and, like said, the casual setup of the game just makes it even more ironic. I'm so impressed with the things one can do in P&C.- Achievement:Now many people say that the achievements are breaking their mouse and they are not wrong. However I appreciate the role these achievements play in character building a lot. How do you know that a girl is diligent and a bit eerie? Well, she rakes the leaves back and forth for nothing for 50 times! (Of course, you are gonna be the one actually clicking on the leaves for 50 times...)Most of the achievements don't contribute to the gameplay in any way - like, you really don't have to talk to this character 10 times to proceed - but they are NOT random. They are beautifully designed."
,Recommended,219910,28876442,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Deyna,"At first i tought i won't like this game, but i got soo hoocked up by it. Really fun to play. And can't say it is super easy, you really need to think how to solve everything and get trought to next thing."
76561198055667628,Recommended,219910,29033068,Posted: 5 January,all,thecomamba,"Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes is the sequel to Edna & Harvey: The Breakout, and is set some time after the first installment (I think that especially in the beginning of the game there is some uncertainty about that).It is defenitely a spiritual sequel to the first game, but not its continuation, as there are some main differences:First of all: You play neither Edna nor Harvey. Both characters appear in the story, but you don't get to see too much of them.Second: While the main voice acting was done by Edna and Harvey in The Breakout, you now have a sarcastic narrator who comments on basically everything you do or try to do.Third: This game is a lot bloodier than the first one. There is few explicit imagery, but a lot of violence is implied.All these changes are not negative in my mind, but I wanted to mention them.Of course there are many similarities as well: The optical style is the same, the story is in parts absolutely absurd, only topped by the absurdity of some of the riddles, and there are fourth wall breaks.I would defenitely recommend this game, I loved it. Just don't expect Edna & Harvey 2.Edit for Achievement Hunters: The Achievements are mostly stupid. Half of them imply doing the same thing over and over again, which is nothing but time-consuming."
76561198136027140,Recommended,219910,30593218,Posted: 18 March,all,RA Ranno,"I've never played the first one, so I have no thoughts on this game as a sequel. However, I will say it's a fun and humorous (very dark humor at that) short play.Graphics: Edna and Harvey has a very simplistic art style, and at first may feel a bit too simplistic for a point and click adventure game. However the art style does fit in and I found myself quickly getting used to it in a few minutes. But compared to most Daedalic games, this one is still down on graphics.Voice Acting: The voice acting is great and really brings out the characters in fitting ways. But while the characters are colorfully brought to life, don't expect much for emotional voice acting, as that's not really part of this game's theme to begin with.Gameplay: Pretty much what you'll expect from a point and click adventure game. Functions work fine, not too many bugs, and it does have skippable tutorials and puzzles (if you're just playing for story). And the rules list ends up being an excuse to click stuff more rather than play as a full feature, but the idea is entertaining.Music: The soundtrack in this game is... ok. The main theme song is definetly great, but the dragged on opening sequence and the credits playing it twice overwelcome it's stay. And if you take a long time finishing the first chapter, the instrumental theme will ring in your head for days. The soundtrack itself isn't bad, but the direction could use some work.Length: Very short. If you have a guide or just catch on to all the objectives fast, you'll easily be done within 4 or 5 hours. But I will say those hours are filled well, and nothing feels like it drags on too long (unless you get stuck or lost). When you do finish it, it won't feel like it was only 5 hours, but it won't feel long either.Story: The story isn't very deep, and whenever the plot tries to throw in a twist, it feels it's parodying itself. I won't spoil the twists or anything, but the laughs and unexpected moments are pretty much what you'll be expecting from it. It's cute, funny, colorful, but not deep.Price: My advice is to buy this one when a bundle is on sale. Anywhere around 5$ is well worth it, or higher if you really enjoy Daedalic games. I just really advise the bundle sales as they'll give you other titles to play as well for less money than any of them alone.Overall, I do reccomend this game if it's your cup of tea. It'll brighten your day, but not be one your games of the year."
,Recommended,219910,11613961,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Angel Boy,"""The moral of the story is:You can do whatever you want. As long as you keep your free will. Even if it means stabbing an old man in a wheelchair to death. The end.""My favorite ending is when Lilli contradicts Dr. Marcel. The first time (and not the last i bet) when Lilli actually says what's on her mind, she finally stands up for herlself. When she becomes furious at Dr. Marcel and everyone else in this damned world, it's such a beautiful sight to watch. You go girl! Finally, some attitude. The final battle with Mother Superior was cool, enough combos to try 'em out. Fun puzzles, too. Monkey Island reference when you get the Deja Vu achievement (""I think I've been here before...""). I got into the game when I were at least 3.5 hours in it, it gets really interesting farther so I'm glad i didn't drop it. Great credits song, you can see Bee-man enjoying his freedom flying. Finally, a character that isn't dead. Goblins didn't get to paint his corpse in pink. Sweet artwork. This game isn't as crazy as the previous one (less good old Harvey, less Edna, more Lilli). Nevertheless, I enjoyed playing it and I don't regret it."
76561198015052897,Recommended,219910,16569961,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Maliceff,"If you like point and click games, you will love this. 10/10"
,Recommended,219910,9162572,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Kassan6ra,"+ Dark, sinister humor+ Pretty, hand drawn art+ Really good voice acting and narration style- Can be a bit silly at times- Kid drawn styled art doesn't appeal to everyone- Small graphical glitches"
76561198076251799,Recommended,219910,9579788,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Aetherix,"The story is interesting, although some people may dislike the ending. The tone is both comical and surprisingly dark at times (the game is not meant for young children). The music is also quite good and fits the mood quite well. In conclusion the game is quite fun and I would certainly recommend it to fans of point and click adventure games."
,Recommended,219910,12759860,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,killuallnow198019801980,"Very good adventure for the old school adventurers.It's enough hard BUT NOT hardcore. It has some good riddles instead.The graphics are good , comics. But modern.The game has plenty of Black Humour, from the very first time. I wouldn't propose that for children, but you shouldn't wait to see something BAD. Everything that you see is covered with humour. But the messages it passes for a kid are a bit hot.I would say in comparison with the fisrt Harvey: The Breakout that this one is a real masterpiece from Daedalic. The first one... let's NOT talk about it!"
,Recommended,219910,19937441,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Fooly Faim,"I bought this game during the Winter Holiday Sale 2015,and would even recommend buying it at full price.Its a game with a lot of wit, the commentator always seemsto be making fun of you, and the situation at hand. Even more soif you dont know what to do ingame.The Charakters are funny in their own way, each having a little quirk.Because of the commentators remarks, it does not look like a deepgame, which in my opinion it is. Dark, twisted and deep.This is the second game in the Series. I loved playing the first,and like playing this one.Even without having played the first game (The Breakout) one can have lots of fun.Lets do the cons first:- No achievements.   This seems to be a Problem since 2013In 2014 a guide/fix was written on how to get the achievementsto work, but it seemingly does not help with most people.For people who like to get achievemts (which seem to befairly easy to get) this will be slightly irritating.Other than that, i do not have any complaints.The pros:+ wonderfull point & click adventure+ lots of puzzles with varying difficulties+ No Logbook, so you have to keep track yourself+ good and funny storytelling+ lovely drawn graphics+ little gnomes censoring with pink paintI would recommend buying this game, if you like point and click Adventures.It is a beautiful game."
,Recommended,219910,25384688,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,< blank >,"got it for £1 well just under £1 because i got the bundle, haven't even played an hour yet and i had to stop playing 2 times because i was laughing too much. if i would of known about this game i wouldnt of minded paying £15.99"
,Recommended,219910,24272449,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,SleepyMaya,"I played this game before the first one cause I thought this was the first one when I bought it, though I could still understand everything. I really enjoyed playing the game, and it's probably my most favorite point and click game so far.Things I liked:- It has a very cynical humor, which is the best humor.- It has a dark story covered with a happy drawing style, which is really my thing (childish design but an horror story).- The main character actually makes you like her.- There is a cool twist at the end.- The english talking voices were very clear and easy to understand (it isn't my native language).Things I disliked:- English isn't my first language, and I usually need people to talk slow in order to understand them. However, the talking on this game was too slow even for someone like me, which means it must have been REALLY slow.- There are a lot of animations that you can't skip (unlike the talking lines that you can skip by clicking), and this is very annoying when you click on things more than once and you have to watch the whole slow story part all over again.- In order the get most of the achivements you just have to repeat the same action tons of times, which is not only boring, but also annoying due to the above thing about the animations ^.- The tutorials for the puzzles were very unclear and I had to guess the directions for most of them.- There were a few points in the game where I tried everything with no luck, and I had to google the next step, only to find out it was some hidden click that I could never figure out without to randomly click there.Over all it was a great and fun game, and I ended up buying the first game after playing it, which means the bad sides were not too bad."
,Recommended,219910,23465090,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Orion,"For fans of adventure games that pride themselves on humor, Daedalic Entertainment is the new LucasArts. Edna & Harvey is a step down from the Deponia saga's sense of polish, but the tightly twisted jokes kept me cringing and laughing from start to finish."
,Recommended,219910,24075393,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nerf Herder,"A humourous game, though relatively short (unless you're looking to get all those multiple clickety achievements).Pros:- The narrator is absolutely hilarious- Tackles morbidity in a light-hearted way- Storyline is very straightforward, as are the puzzles and minigames- Bonus for players of the original Edna & Harvey game: References galore (although I don't fall into this category so I couldn't fully appreciate the nods)Cons:- Art style is rather simplistic, though I attribute that to the game's age- Sometimes the puzzles are a bit too easy, especially comparing them with Daedalic's other point-and-click titles- A bit too many achievements that require you to click on things 200000 timesI wouldn't recommend this game at full price, but if it's on sale it's definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,219910,30047583,Posted: 19 February,all,Pennycook,"Don't be misled by its bright colorful artwork, happy tunes and upbeat narrator;Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyesisdark.  It's also very funny, too, and a great example of dark humour done right.  If you've played any of the games in theDeponiaseries, thenEdna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyeswill feel very familiar -- right down to an opening song from Jan Muller Michaelis.I gotHarvey's New Eyesas part of a bundle, and wasn't aware it was a sequel when I started playing.  Luckily, the game stands on its own merits and (although I'm sure there are some throwbacks for fans of the first game) I didn't feel like I missed anything."
76561197971532050,Recommended,219910,20909025,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Conditional Love,"A fun Point&Click game with dark humour with comical deaths. Not easy and not too hard, a pretty good game.Recommended when on sale."
76561198352012756,Recommended,219910,31005320,Posted: 7 April,all,DayZYoko,"I absolutely loved this game. The humour is fantastic, and the puzzles require just the right level of thinking. There are also some really cool little mini-game kinda bits which offer a different play style to the rest of the game without feeling out of place. Don't be fooled by the cutesy start, though. It quickly descends into a much darker but still funny style.Will also say that you don't need to play the first game before this one, though I'd recommend it if you want to play both, as I think this one is, by far, the better of the two and you might get frustrated by the clunkiness of The Breakout in comparison.All in all, great game. Would definitely recommend."
76561198148054207,Recommended,219910,19958150,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tominac,It could be a good game for kiling time
,Recommended,219910,20515801,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,JayWifi,"Dark Humor for everyoneI suggest playing Edna and Harvey: The Breakout first since this is the sequel to it, plus it make the story much more understandable.This game is much darker than the first game and it doesn't shy away from sending chills up your spine. In this game you play as Lilli a nearly mute orphan trying to figure out what is the right way to act with so many people giving her orders.Unlike the first game, the story is told through the narrator instead of the protagonist and they will always have something funny to say even in the darkest moments of the game.So if you're a fan of point and click games, like a good story with humor and can stand some chilling scenes then I suggest getting this game!"
,Recommended,219910,28457068,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Nismu,DON'T WATCH THE TRAILER!!It spoils the whole thing dammit >.<Luckily for myself saw it only after playing the game.Any way were enjoying point and click adventure with dark humor and relaxed athmosphere.Animations are  bit clunky and characters very simply stylised but you get used to it and good characters  do cover it.
76561198092599699,Recommended,219910,23717555,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Gatsu,Have you ever wanted to commit a massacre in an orphanage? Than this is the game for you!
76561198016371784,Recommended,219910,25555233,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Rude..Boy,"A very nice click adventure. The story is funny and entertaining. I enjoyed the frist ""Edna"" a lot. This one is along the same lines, but with even darker humor. The riddles are pretty straight forward. There was only once I got stuck for a bit, while in the frist ""Edna"" some riddles seemed impossible. So, this is not very hard, and even solveable for some click adventure starters.Shibuya Power!"
,Recommended,219910,20686698,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,EloiseTheGamer,"Doing A gameplay of this, I love the game and it gets more intresting as I go on in to the story. I would definitely buy this game and play it for yourself.  :D"
76561198185888606,Recommended,219910,18976684,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Nanolev2,"Usually in point-and-click games you can guess the plot already at the start, but this game is a bit different from that. I was quite surprised when I got to the end of the game. (Not revealing any information.)What I don't like about this game is that the main character (Lilly) is so stupid. It has to be that way in order for the game to be the game it is, but it's soooo annoying. The game is very creative from my view, especially the restrainments she has to endure and overcome.Harvey's New Eyes has more complicated puzzles compared to Deponia's first game (as an example). Definitely play this in one go or in a few days! ...or you will forget all the leads and hints (which I of course did not do!!! :< )The game is basically constructed on humor (not the funny-type). The narrator constantly makes ""hilarious"" remarks when Lilly kills somebody, and yes she kills people often. If you like that kind of humor, go ahead and play Harvey's New Eyes!I finished the game and got all the achievements in 13 hours, and yes I had to play it twice. I recommend saving quite often to get all the achievements or to follow a guide and save at the right points.Have fun playing this!"
,Recommended,219910,19587741,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Creedx,Lili totally a serial killer! This game not suitable for kid under 18... too many purple goo and gnome!!! :P
,Recommended,219910,18479816,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Nerdie,"Honestly, one of my favorite games of all time. Its got some annoying glitches and some lines aren't translated as well as they could be. Some puzzles are irritating, especially if you aren't a point and click fan.But the moment the very first [minor spoilers] happens, I was HOOKED. Its funny, its quirky, and it has just enough respect for its main character to make sure there's consequences for her actions. Its a solid, albiet flawed, game."
,Recommended,219910,18309109,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Nærøn,"I love the humour of this game. I skipped some of the minigames, because they were boring, others where quit okay. I bought this game on sale, and let's be honest, it's worth more than 0.99 cent.There is only one negative thing. I'm talking about the achievements. I got none. I read in the forums about it, and it looks like it's never going to be fixed, so no achievements for me.But if you don't care much about the achievements and would like to play a great point and click game, go on and buy this game."
,Recommended,219910,19450591,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Aliss Madniss,"I cannot stress enough how wonderful this game is.I've never been a fan of point-and-click (with the exception of PuttPutt, Pajama Sam, etc), but the game really kept me on my toes to figure out the eccentric puzzles and constantly get to the next cutscene and stage.One great thing was the ability to check what you can interact with. You know, in the case you can't see it right away and don't want to break your mouse trying. It definitely saved me a few times.Not only was the story immersive, but it definitely was funny! I kept admiring the protagonist's innocence towards the events occuring until later. Dark humour at its finest.The best part about all this is: it also just is great for replay in the sense of how you would be going through the story again and again because you just REALLY want to. Not for any other reason. Just to experience it.If it looks like it's good to you, get it. Don't look back."
76561198109292666,Recommended,219910,26195837,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,I like Pizza,Only negative things are the few bugs that exist but otherwise it's a beautiful game.
,Recommended,219910,12415875,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,InsidiousLoyalist,"An enjoyable sequel to the first. It's nice to see a game where they've kept in mind all the problems of the first and made honest attempts to fix those failings and make a better game. I think they have. You should still play the first game before this one though. It's also important to have a few save files just incase there is a problem.I'm not to fussed on the fact that I've been unable to unlock any of the achievements in the time I've invested but that's just a bug, not the fault of the game, Other than that I think it's an enjoyable game that builds off the first."
,Recommended,219910,30374148,Posted: 7 March,all,Goddess,"I´ve played it just for a little bit, but it is a great game. I mean, apart from it that your main character is constantly bullied by everyone and anyone and it is just very painful that during this point and click adventure you just have to stand there and watch how everybody is so mean to you, but at the same time, seems like everybody is also getting what they deserve. It´s filled with humour and amazing graphic style. I love it, it´s really cute. I am excited to play more and eventually finish it.Finished. Game is really excellent. Totally worth the time. Don´t get confused by its style, it is really not for kids."
76561198065209671,Recommended,219910,12328341,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Tsuki,Good gameplay; great story; great imagination; great graphics; 4 stars.
,Recommended,219910,30259948,Posted: 1 March,all,A girl has no name,"The game is fun, cheap, I recommend it. If you like that kind of game, you will actually love it."
76561198002986817,Recommended,219910,17816395,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Phantom Virus,"This was an improvement from the previous game but not by much. At least there were some parts I could do on my own but I still used the walkthrough a bunch. Then again I'm not good at point and click adventure games due to my lack of patience. Still, its a good game although I wasn't crazy about the narrator or the fact I had a voiceless protagonist. Still, the story was good and they added some good elements even if you did go around murdering a lot of people for no reason. A decent game though I wouldn't pay much for it. I would say Deponia is a much better series. I wouldn't buy this game unless you love this genre or buy the daedelic bundle for all the games together."
,Recommended,219910,26499479,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,kome360,"A story about a shy little girl with a dark and twisted secret that's so horrible even she doesn't realize it, pitted against a mad old tyrant who plans to hypnotize the children of the world into becoming his obedient, mindless slaves.In this case, the narrator is more of a character than the protagonist, and BOY is he a better character.Unless you do something about it."
,Recommended,219910,16991518,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,RealHarkon,Amazing story. :D
76561198098249862,Recommended,219910,10696384,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Samiko Takano,"""Why should I play this?"" BECAUSE IT IS QUITE ENTERTAINING AND YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED"
,Recommended,219910,16466460,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Toucan Sam,"I don't believe that the game is worth the full price, as I bought it on sale for only a dollar, but the game will provide you about 6-12 hours of good gameplay, I enjoyed this game and at first thought it was meant to be a child's game with the drawing style. About a couple minutes in I saw Mother Superior and realized it wasn't. I would recommend this game to those who are fine with dark humor. Loved the plot, but at times you might not know where to go since its not obvious. The achievements are extremely tedious though.Rate 8/10"
76561198008431954,Recommended,219910,26168456,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,#PlzStopSuck,Well..It's not game for ur kids mates.
76561197960986989,Recommended,219910,22274645,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,unknown,No words can describe how damn good this game is.
76561198161493629,Recommended,219910,33167773,Posted: 2 July,all,danteslovergirl,my first time ever playing a Edna & Harvey and i found it to be a lot of fun.
76561198260730931,Recommended,219910,33104057,Posted: 1 July,all,Pisces.Kelsey,"This is an entertaining and darkly funny point-and-click game. I enjoyed the variety of characters I came across, I loved the narrator, and the weird achievements are a neat bonus. The ending also took me by surprise and gave me another good laugh. An unexpected little gem, this was!"
,Recommended,219910,22850698,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,• P a i N •,"I really love this game. I watched it as a let's Play by a fellow german youtuber and I imidiently thought ""GOT TO BUY IT!"" And i was not let down."
76561197970078168,Recommended,219910,12368038,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,hermetico,"Recommended.One more great adventure by Daedalic. As Deponia, good story, good characters, impresive voicing acts, fun, humor and absurd situations and puzzles.Puzzles are so weird that you will probably need a walktrhough around."
,Recommended,219910,28851714,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,EntchenOfDoom,"Good Job Daedalic ! (again)very nice point and click adventure with cute graphics, black humor( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)and a bunch of memories for all of theedna´s breakoutplayers outter there in this psychological twisted world.I got it on sale and it worth it´s money. I´d also pay more than 2€.I would highly recommend to playedna´s breakoutbefore, otherwise you won´t understand some jokes about the past and won´t have all of the memories.Harvey´s new eyesis in my *totally normal and not red glowing* eyes way easier thanedna´s breakoutthe first play-through took me approximately 10h and it wasn´t my intention to do it fast, while it took me days to playedna´s breakout(where you also have a lot more possibilities to interact with items, talk to potted plants and chairs, eat radioactive liquid with the taste of pineapple...)But i know that some of you prefer it to know what to do and finish the game fast.You still have to do some thinking and it even includes quick time events.I do highly recommendbothgamesSo buy them, start them, play them, ♥♥♥♥ing love them and begin to question yourself why you don´t have merchadise items and where to get an originally shaped HARVEY PLUSHIE ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561197992229015,Recommended,219910,26238023,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Dire,"Pretty straightforward adventure. The solutions are mostly not too outlandish. But for my taste there is a little too much running around, so you can easily get lost and lose track of what you are supposed to be doing. But then again, I'm really no adventure pro, so if you like adventures you probably shouldn't be intimidated by that. For my personal taste there was just a tad too much talking. I know this sounds crazy, but I like my dialogues actually going somewhere, however, this game is mostly monologues. This has a reason, but it gets a bit annoying after a while when you know what a character has to say after 1 or 2 sentences, but then he continues for another 5 sentences, repeating useless garbage with different words.The story itself is pretty neat, the ending in particular. Overall I'd recommend it. Maybe 8 hours of play time at most, unless you are hopelessly stuck with some puzzle or other problem. The inventory combinations at least are pretty logical."
,Recommended,219910,259801,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Skaery,"Poor Lilli! Always trying her best, which never really isn't good enough. Not even good enough to be in the title of a game about her. Poor, poor Lilli...Decent point-and-click adventure game with a pretty unique narrator.Wooooooogie..."
76561198034778236,Not Recommended,219910,11171926,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,DrMeow,"Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes is an interesting game with a few endemic flaws.Pros: Story, Graphics, Sound, ControlsCons: Performance, ValueHarvey's New Eyes follows the adventures of Lilli who must try and stop the evil Dr. Marcel's plans.  Despite Lilli's squeaks and the cutesy graphics, the game is not for children.  Controls are fairly crisp, but they should be for a point-and-click game.  Sometimes the cursor detection seems off, this may be related to the issues below.Performance is awful.  Downloading the demo is highly recommended to see whether your computer will run into the frequent freezes and slow load times.  A 2D point-and-click game is one step away from being a visual novel, so there areNOexcuses.  Achievements took over a year to be patched and they still may or may not work for you.Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes has all the endemic qualities of a Daedalic game, whether or not that is good is up to you.6/10"
,Recommended,219910,22096202,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,★TheDiclonius★,poop
76561198299474306,Not Recommended,219910,25220550,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,WolfHeart,WHAT THE HELL?My games stuck on mother superiors office.......I can't mix nightshade with the cup of tea or EVEN pick up another cup.......I'm royally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at you Developers
76561198011147553,Recommended,219910,31957264,Posted: 25 May,all,Chief Bogo,WOOOOOOOOOGIE!!!
,Recommended,219910,16668510,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BitchNigga,A great point & click game that you will be playing for hours.
,Not Recommended,219910,21329031,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Diamond Tiara,Left me depressed in a bad way. While the previous one (Breakout) left me depressed in a good way.
,Not Recommended,219910,24394044,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,A helpless son of three,I can't get the game to start. It keeps saying it's preparing to launch but it never actually does and the preparing to launch thing just opens up nonstop. I only got to see the intro once and then it just completely stopped working.
76561197996524160,Recommended,219910,13085092,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Dawkins,"Again, vanilla adventure game but with a very funny story and characters."
76561198038552111,Recommended,219910,14968793,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Phruler,Good game
,Recommended,219910,13247501,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,I will buy anything,"The tone of the narrator.  The voice acting and the endings are beautiful.The game needs polish because some interactions between characters and objects lead to glitching that is annoying and, on occasion, game ending (especially in cutscenes that occur later).I recommend care in playing the game, but it seems like most of the glitches occur later.   Saving on occasion is good for you.By the by, press escape to save.  I couldn't figure out how to save for a while.10/10."
,Recommended,219910,17252077,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,BobaHMT,Extremely messed up game. Twisted but I liked it.
,Recommended,219910,10524452,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ra,"This game is really innocent and yet dark at the same time. I enjoyed playing this game very much! I can't really describe what makes Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes fun because there are many factors which makes this game fun. I love the sarcastic narrator, it makes the game creepy and funny at the same time~"
,Recommended,219910,11647970,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Lovecraft's Siren,"OMG WHY HAS NO ONE PLAYED THIS GAME AHHHHI don't typically play point and clicks but I LOOVED the art to this game so I got it on sale. The characters they add in this series are hilarious and quirky. The strategy is engaging, the plot line was unexpected and the little thing they add like ""The Beeman Who Could"" are so amazing haha, I wish this game had gotten more popular so I could laugh about it with my friends. But this series was amazing11/10"
,Recommended,219910,7343409,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Elaine!,"By the time of the third act (and, arguably, the second) the great concept has fallen to the wayside and even the very charming art and sound design are starting to wear thin. Worse, it starts to gain things that are death knells for any good adventure game - bizarre, tedious puzzles and characters that are boring if not completely unlikable.The game's great sense of humor in its genuinely clever first act means that it's still worth your time, so this is still a recommendation - but it's a tentative one, and it's flaws are enough that you should consider them before you make a purchase."
76561198000016600,Recommended,219910,17191916,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,*****,"Overall, very enjoyable game. Some graphics are a bit subpar, but mostly the game looks good enough. The game starts very easy and most puzzles involve just using right item to right object. The are a few complex puzzles/minigames and the difficulty level also ramps up towards the end of the game."
76561198273870984,Recommended,219910,32925432,Posted: 28 June,all,Labfriend,"I absolutely loved this game. It made me think hard, play hard and laugh out loud. What a fantastic sense of humour went into this, with just the right level of creepy horribleness infiltrating too. I genuinely did not want this to end and will be re-playing at some future point. Excellent, an all-time favourite."
,Recommended,219910,7513110,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,PaulDoymin,8/10
,Recommended,219910,12271210,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Reblee,Probably one of my favorite Adventure games of all time.
,Recommended,219910,29512700,Posted: 26 January,all,hatshere,"Oh my goodness this story was so funny! I really enjoyed the dark humor, my boyfriend did not though since you're ""killing"" and he's religious.... anyway, not for kids, the narration is hilarious, I love all the endings."
76561198079489594,Recommended,219910,14548062,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Pandoras_Homeobox,"Honestly, I really loved this game. The art is simple but cute, the puzzles are tricky but not punishing and the story is fantastic. One of the best games I've played on Steam."
,Not Recommended,219910,21090593,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,radio_squirrel,"After 'The Whispered World' with 9000 bugs I recalled about Edna & Harvey.Daedalic, why u dont fix ur broken games? I still have a problems with achievements (I have no achievements full playthrough), sometimes game is frozen.I love Daedalic games, but after total ignore from developers Im not sure buy other they products"
,Recommended,219910,13247723,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Toasted Yeti,i havent finished this game though its a nice sequal to edna and harvey the breakout though i think its kinda intended for a younger audience then the first game
,Recommended,219910,13259679,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,C A P R I  M O O N,GOOD. thats it. yeah.
76561198326189505,Recommended,219910,29065634,Posted: 6 January,all,Zub4ir,♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome.
,Recommended,219910,25028944,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Hu$tl3r,Funny and nicely made point and click adventure. Enjoyed it !
76561198031012411,Not Recommended,219910,30027083,Posted: 18 February,all,Ancel De Lambert,"I got stuck in a coding wall at the end of the game. You're supposed to add truth serum to a teacup, but if you fill it with tea before you add the serum to the tea, you're screwed. You can't drop the cup, or get another, there is no way to beat the game. You have to start over from a previous save, of which I had none because I played the game in one sitting.Honestly, while the puzzles are decent, and even cerebral in a few cases, the overall plot is impossible to take at all seriously, even as a joke. No-one notices the horrible murders the main character commits, they happen to everyone, and the cartoony filter over it all would be neat if only the other characters would react to all the blood and guts THEY should be able to see. Oh, and the narrator is INSUFFERABLE. Truly, the dialog is a clunky mess."
76561198159730984,Not Recommended,219910,26590722,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Mortemis Rein,"I really liked the point & click game Fran Bow, however this one I could barely make it through the opening credits. First off, opening credits? Because I soo love minutes on end of unskippable credits at the beginning of a game. The dialogues are truly cringy, and the same tune plays in the background on an unending loop. I finally had to turn it on mute... that is when the game became somewhat enjoyable. Unfortunately, that didn't last long and after trying to like this game for an hour, I just can't. I actually fell asleep at one point because of how badly this game lacks exciting elements. That said, it is a point & click, and only the second point & click I've ever tried.This is just not my kind of game. Cringy dialogue and boring tune aside, its not all bad. Just doesn't bring much to the table for me. It's a laid back, mellow point and click that is dialogue-driven. Decent art style, decent puzzles, and overall a decent point and click. Like I said, just not for me."
76561198044492996,Not Recommended,219910,22269461,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,maija.lempiainen,"I got the game in a bundle, and decided to give it a go. The puzzles are engaging, the mechanics work smoothly and I can see the appeal it could have for those who enjoy a touch of macabre, but I just couldn't find myself invested in the plot and characters. It's a good game, but not for me."
76561198091474445,Recommended,219910,32899675,Posted: 27 June,all,galstore8642,"Was not able to play the game much at all (on a business trip for work), but I could tell it's going to be a fun game to play.  The developer has other games out there that I have played, and they have been well worth the time spent."
,Not Recommended,219910,21035453,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,PettyMort,"Excellent writing, great art, and a lot of fun, but for the love of all things pixellated: TEST YOUR DAMN GAME!So many bugs, including random german dialogue.Ended up chucking it out when it got permanently (incurably) stuck on the loading screen for the final boss battle, a bug which has existed since the first version. *slow clap*It went from being a game I absolutely loved to one of life's greatest frustrations in seconds."
76561198106593626,Not Recommended,219910,25420334,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Plasma Storm,"I've played quite a few point and click adventure games over the years, so I thought I'd give this one a try; being as it was a little different than those I had played before. The overall point and click mechanics were pretty good, and the overall appearance of the game seemed to create an atomosphere that fit well with how the developers wanted to drive the story. However, the longer I played the game, the more tiresome I grew with some of the crude humor and the irritating rabbit. Not to mention that I did encounter some technical gliches along the way that were frustrating, including one that prevented Steam achievements from being recorded. This game just didn't live up to my expectations."
76561198140488328,Not Recommended,219910,24497151,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Magnad,"First of all, I have to admit that I bought the entire Daedalic bundle when it was on sale, which contained The Night Of The Rabbit, Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes, Deponia and The Whispered World, but all of these almost just for The Night Of The Rabbit which normally costs 20 euros and on sale the bundle was only 5, so i got The Night Of The Rabbit on a very good price and a few other games ""free of charge"". Furthermore, I informed myself about the games contained in the bundle and they seemed to be quite good on the first sight.But ""Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes"" wasn't as good as I expected...When I first saw the game's trailer, the character's strange faces (i mean mouth less faces) gave me a feeling that something was wrong about the game.So I launched the game. The first task didn't look hard to complete (gathering leaves) but Mother Superior appeared to be a very creepy person. In fact, all the characters were built in a ghoulish way. Indeed, their mouth didn't appear just when they were speaking and their clothes had dark colours.The soundtrack was good, but sometimes the sound of a grimly gothic organ burst into the air which scared the sh*t out of me… so brutal.The game isn't funny to play because, to reach her objectives, Lilli transforms into a walking disaster meaning she doesn't care about the collateral damage she does.Well, I passed over all these things. I played the game hoping the end would be a happy one, but it wasn't like that.At the end of the game I had to choose between three actions: Set the knife aside and begin the therapy, so Dr. Marcel wins, Stab Dr. Marcel, so congratulations, you are a maniac who killed a man in a wheelchair or To Contradict so Lilli will scream like Mother Superior and all the happy feelings disappear. All these three different endings are quite disappointing because whatever you should choose you should still have a chance of a happy ending.Maybe I didn't understand the whole game… but i know it left me with awful memories.4/10"
76561198089877898,Recommended,219910,29666506,Posted: 3 February,all,Unluckyomen13,"I love little Lilli but my favourite is... ♥ THE NARRATOR ♥ !!!   `\(♥,♥)/`"
,Not Recommended,219910,29389660,Posted: 20 January,all,ElusiveOne,"Harvey's New Eyesis a refreshingly unconventional but disappointingly uneven puzzle adventure that oscillates between strikingly creative and simply boring.Drenched in irony, its absurd and dark humour is often spot on and easily one of the game's best feature, if only also at times too obvious. A properly cast narrator delivers most lines and almost feels like the main character in lieu of a fully detailed protagonist.It touches on slightly disturbing subjects in a facetious manner, jovially poking fun at anything and everything. However, the overall story and tone are a lot more sinister than the kiddy graphics would let you believe, with a lot of implied but not graphic violence.Unfortunately, the game is off to a slow start during most of the first chapter, beginning with a very long intro where absolutely nothing happens. For the first few hours, the player must endure some completely detestable characters, a few with insupportable voices (Doris!), and mundane puzzles with inexplicably cheap UI.An important game changer occurs about halfway through and only then does the game really get interesting, with the addition of an innovative concept that enforces restrictions on Lilli's behaviour. The player must then visit alternate realities to banish demons and regain free will over these mental blocks.A very good soundtrack is wasted by the repetitiveness of the one song replaying constantly within each major area, accompanied by poor sound effects and improper timing in between dialogues that cause some lines to feel delivered in a rush.Minimal animations do little to add life to the washed out hand-drawn backgrounds. Despite some good scenes, it's difficult to fully appreciate this unaccomplished art direction.""It was hard to tell, but Lilli was actually speechless.""Strangely, the game is not chiefly about Edna or Harvey and is clearly not meant as a direct sequel to The Breakout*, although it does make innumerable references to it and is set in the same world. Edna is at best a recurring secondary character, while Harvey plays an increasingly significant role later on.Instead, the game centers around Lilli, a peculiarly mute schoolgirl with a comically growing list of issues. She never speaks a word, which is sort of endearing initially and is key to the overall narrative, but also gets repetitive.The game does have a few interesting puzzles of varying levels of difficulty. I especially appreciated how dialogues give the player exactly the right guidance, sometimes outright laying out solutions in a subtle and funny way.I finally began to warm up to the game during chapter 2 (out of 3), which brings a lot more diversity with its dream-like variations of the real world, but there were too many things I disliked to fully recommend it.*Note that I haven't played the first game in the series."
76561198219174051,Not Recommended,219910,20376242,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,atomicoperator,"I really wanted to like this game.After all, it was made by Deadelic, the makers of Anna's Quest!It's gotta be good ...right?The artistic style is good.The voice acting is OK.The story is, um, what?The ... wait, who am I?What is my motivation?The characters are ...Gah, these people are all annoying,and not even funny, or even loveable to hate.Now I didn't even progress to the mystery (or whatever) of the convent.As soon as I talked to the old history guy hanging from his suspender straps, I grumbled.WTF?!?Coconuts and hamsters and memories and SAT puzzles bla bla bla.Why bother continuing - the characters are already set in place, you've just got to jugglesome items around and bla bla bla until the things are happy.  It's classic point andclick adventure grinding at its worst.I hope & assume the characters & story develop from here, but this beginning is so bad, I don't care.Let me compare this game (EHHNE) to the last two point & click adventure games I played(and finished, very happily) : Day of the Tentacle (DOTT, 1993) and Anna's Quest (AQ).Voices:EHHNE: Your character says ""uh uh"" or ""umm hmm"".  Cute.  The voices of other charactersare fine.  The standard response to actions is from a narrator, who gets annoying reallyquickly, not because the voice acting is bad, but because it's wholly inappropriate toexpect a narrator to work in every situation.Say I want to interact with a tree, and instead of your character saying ""heck, I dunnowhat to do with this tree"", you get the narrator saying something like ""Your characterwanted to interact with the tree, but the tree didn't need to be interacted with, becausebla bla bla"".  It just serves to constantly remind you that you're playing a game, asopposed to immersing you in the game by hearing _your_ character's voice in _their_situation.AQ: Amazing voice acting.  Even if Anna can sound a little nasal sometimes, you can alwaysrelate.DOTT: Amazing voice acting.  Even if they all sound constipated.Story:EHHNE: You're in a convent.... There are some other people.  You're socially awkward.You've got to do some stuff, cuz hopefully doing stuff will make stuff more interesting.Oh, some stuff happens, you're kind of dark behind your cute facade, wow, that's so novel ...yawn.  Stuff.AQ: You're trapped in a witches house.  The witch has plans for you.  You havesuperpowers.  You must save your grandpa.  You meet a teddy bear.  You must help the teddybear.  You've got ____ to do!DOTT: An evil tentacle makes a move to take over the world.  Three friends mustcollaborate in the past, present and future to thwart the evil tentacles plans of worlddomination.  Hell yea!Art/graphics:EHHNE: hi-res cell shading / small characters / cute-centric/ lots of irrelevantforeground / background graphics / minimal animationAQ: hi-res cell shading / character dominated / beautiful detailed backgrounds clearlydistinguished from foreground & navigable spaceDOTT: cartoony, pixel animation / distorted scale / perspective / saturated colors / mostof the screen is at the scale of the character (not too much foreground / background)"
,Not Recommended,219910,19809319,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Beratャ№⇨➊,"Only the music is good in this game,the puzzles are insanly hard and some insanly easy.The story is not good,the art is not good,the animations are.....kinda good.but overall i rate this game:2/10 wouldnt watch 20 minutes of intro again. :)"
,Not Recommended,219910,13767463,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,404_Not_Found,"Speaking as someone who is very squeamish and who also didn't pick up on the symbolism in the demo until the 3rd or 4th time running into it, I recommend anyone who doesn't enjoy dark humor avoid this because it's riddled with it."
76561198320259910,Not Recommended,219910,31522817,Posted: 3 May,all,iyeallo,"Ich hab mir gedacht, ich will doch noch mal eine Rewiev zu dem Spiel schreiben. Ichwar lange unsicher ob mir das Spiel gefällt, bzw wo mein schlechtes Bauchgefühl beim spielen herkommt. Mittlerweile ärgere ich mich, dass ich es nicht refunded habe, als das noch ging. Der Grund ist einfach, dass das Spiel unglaublich ableistisch/behindertenfeindlich ist. Das wird eigentlich spätestens beim ersten Satz klar, aber ich bin so daran gewöhnt, über so etwas hinwegzulächeln, sowas nicht so ernst zu nehmen, Dingen ""nochmal ne Chance zu geben"", dass ich nicht auf mein eigenes Unbehagen gehört habe. Das Ding ist, ich mag schwarzen Humor und auch Spiele, die sich mit psychischer Krankheit beschäftigen und habe da einen recht dicken Pelz. Das heißt, selbst bei Spielen, in denen die Auseinandersetzung mit dem Thema eigentlich schon problematisch ist bleibe ich noch interessiert. Aber das Spiel war mir einfach zu viel.Ich werde es definitiv nicht weiterspielen und kann nur abraten, speziell allen psychisch kranken und/oder anderweitig behinderten Menschen, dieses Spiel zu kaufen."
,Recommended,219910,1700655,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,ChrisG,"I've played ""Edna & Harvey: The Breakout"" shortly before this part and both are really funny. The story is great, the puzzles/minigames are very good and not too hard.The whole story starts with ""Breakout"" where you play as Edna and you are in a nuthouse with no memory what happens and why you are here. You only friend is your plush bunny Harvey with whom you can talk.In this part ""Harvey new eyes"" you play as Lilli, a young girl living in a orphanage with her best friend Edna. Almost the whole game you try to do everything right but everything ends up in a desaster with innocent victims. But don't think this game is bloody and brutal.. nope, sweet little gnomes will paint bloody textures with nice pink color so your child's welfare will not compromised. :') And Lilli will not even notice accidents anyway...The whole game is told by a storyteller which sometimes can help you and sometimes just disturbing your actions with his comments.Great P&C Adventure with many good jokes, eastereggs and more.For both parts: 9/10"
76561198188292511,Not Recommended,219910,24287740,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,"Yogg-Saron, Hope's End",Wish i could refund D:
,Not Recommended,219910,19608495,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,john,"The achievements did not unlock for me while I played through the whole game. In the game forum there are tons of tweaks to do so that it will work properly. It is not my job to tweak my pc for a game to work correctly. It is the devs job to tweak their game so their game works properly on my pc. Just like diablo 3 and guild wars 2 work fine without me tweaking anything.Some of the things my character said like she thinks the cross should be hung upside down upset me. If you want to worship the devil and have upside down crosses that is you, not me so don't put your devil worship crap in a game. The only reason I got this game is because it was on sell. If I knew then what I know now, I would not have bought the game. Who would have thought a kiddie game would have a girl saying she wants the cross hung upside down, not me?And then on the cool this game clowns on the last supper by saying everybody is fighting for the last cookie. Come on man really. Excuse me, but Jesus died for us and went through hell for us literally. The thanks HE gets for that is you want to clown on the last supper."
,Not Recommended,219910,7929344,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,R2P02,"like every deadelic game, full of bugs and no interest to fix it"
76561198141851696,Not Recommended,219910,32261239,Posted: 7 June,all,Gōsutofeisu Kira,"This is easily one of the worst point & click games I've ever played. So bad I compelled to write a bad review which I never do. Everything from the ugly art style to the painfully unfunny dialogue (Shibuya power?) to the unispired puzzles themsleves scream aggressively mediorce. This game is BAD. So bad i just can't bring myself to play it any longer, another first for me. I got this as part of a bundle with a Deponia game because i've heard so many great things about that series and I'm PRAYING it is nothing like this awful game. Do something better with your time and avoid this, trust me. I want the best for all of us. <3"
76561198027912076,Not Recommended,219910,18203831,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Spook E.,THEWORSTGAMEIHAVEEVERPLAYED
,Not Recommended,219910,19499728,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Hikari,hey
76561198032898204,Not Recommended,219910,8241684,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Arok,"After playing this game, I recieved no achievements or card drops. It seems to be bugged to not successfully communicate with Steam at all. Not much makes it stand out unless you can find it for a couple bucks and kill some time with it."
76561198129308879,Not Recommended,219910,22698652,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,redfishbluefish818,i don't recommend
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,219910,8990293,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,malcolmmackay224,"Better than the first Edna & Harvey, but still not worth playing. Graphics, story and voice narration are okay. Puzzle solutions are odd in some cases. I did finish it, so I guess it wasn't that bad. I would recommend the Deponia series and the Dark Eye over either of the Edna & Harvey games."
,Not Recommended,219910,31558980,Posted: 5 May,all,y do i sucks bad,used balloon wrench to loosen boltbuy it and write negative review plsthx
,Not Recommended,219910,16941501,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,KenroX,"A sociopaths bootcampSick, creepy and disturbing.And for god's sake keep kids far from this game."
76561198108194375,Not Recommended,219910,12343355,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,D1M1ZE,"I bought it on sale, even so, save your money.Unless you like long dialogue, horrible voice acting, and repeated derrogatory comments hurled at you, I recommend staying away.Game play is fine. But, it got old very fast in my opinion."
76561198316228089,Not Recommended,219910,31040260,Posted: 9 April,all,anubis,Worst game start ever. For minutes and minutes you have to read the developers name lists. You should put full credentials at the end of the game. Please note that down. I am sick of waiting for the game to get started. Such a turn off.
,Not Recommended,219910,31758743,Posted: 14 May,all,L O B A ❤,BORINGHow there are ppl who finish this? IT SO FUUU****CKING BORING!
,Recommended,219910,7510126,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,-1-,Thumbs up b(^-^)d for its interesting story and great illustrations!I also love its bitter humor and sarcasm.You should play this game! Highly recommended.
76561198089204885,Recommended,219910,10741551,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Akio,"Harvey's New Eyes was a casual (almost hesitant) purchase. However, it proved to be a pleasant surprise.The narration at first draws you into a storybook tale about the protagonist, Lilli, and sets the mood for what seems to be a rather childish and cliché story. As you continue, the dialog and narration slowly become darker, yet the game never loses its humourous touch. It's entertaining and engaging in the most unexpected way possible. The dark humour, in my opinion, is what sets this point-and-click apart from others.On occasion, the game has potential for glitching (for example, my inventory items would sometimes appear to be 'floating' when I opened the tab), and the game starts out slow and pleasant at first, but the story progresses almost a little too quickly for my taste toward the end.Overall, though, I'd recommend this to any point-and-click fanatic who's looking for something a little different. The mature/immature atmospheric blend may be bewildering at first, but in the end, it's entertainment that's well worth your time."
76561198001093213,Recommended,219910,10742115,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ShadeFalcon,Fun with a dark sence humor. The ending was little weak but gameplay was interesting enough that it's not that big a deal.
76561198025012741,Recommended,219910,3585153,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,winna,"The mechanic by which the main character has to select her options in the latter half of this point-and-click adventure is adorable, although as with all point-and-click adventure games it takes some wildly improbable guesses to solve several puzzles.Playing it with a walkthrough nearby is recommended, but play it all the same!"
,Recommended,219910,7658250,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,The Majin,"This is a sequel to Daedalic's very first game. As such its style is much different than their newer games. The animation and art is much more stylized and the story is definitely twisted. However, I found it to be very enjoyable."
76561198120614389,Recommended,219910,9381198,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,puffpastry36,"Well this is a perfect example of not judging a book by it's cover. Usually I'm a huge graphic/visual snob, but when I saw that Daedalic had put forth this quirky and let's be honest, cheap looking game, I did a double take. I bought the game on sale and ladies and gentleman...This game is kickass.The story, the characters, the plot, and the unique game play was all FREAKIN AMAZING, FUNNY, AND ORIGINAL. The whole game embodies the term ""dark comedy"". Yes it's a point and click, but a point and click where you playfully murder bad children? The best part is halfway through the game, you think it's just going to continue being a point and click + murders + a few puzzles, but then it changes!Bottom line: if you can look past the bad graphics and occasional game glitch (they speak german for like 2 seconds), Edna and Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes is a game that you will love to death. (Side note: there is a prequel that I haven't even played yet, but I still loved and understood the plot in this game)"
76561198024669917,Recommended,219910,9382020,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Agracos,"As a fan of the original Edna And Harvey: The Breakout, I was really looking forward to playing the new game. I can tell you that I was not disappointed. The humour, quirky characters, vibrant art style and catchy music that made the first game such a delight are all back in spades.If you've played the Deponia series, you have probably already played this game. If not, I don't know what's stopping you! Also, if you're a fan of games like Monkey Island, I recommend this game. If you get frustrated easily, this may not be the game for you, as there were a few times where I had to explore and experiment before I could continue. But the objectives from section to section were usually well sign posted, and I hardly ever felt lost and unsure about what I was supposed to do, which leaves the emphasis on the puzzles.If you're wondering where this fits in with the original game (something I was unsure about when I started playing), it does indeed take place after The Breakout. However, Edna is really a support character in this game, which focusses on a new character, Edna's friend Lili. While it's fun to see these new characters interacting with old favourites (Droggeljug!), it's also good to see new locations added. I would definitely recommend playing the first game before picking this one up, however this game can easily be played without the knowledge of the first game - some of the characters make references to the actions of the first game, and it just makes these references easier to get if you've played the first game. This game feels like it's a bit longer than the first game. There are three sections to the game, with the first taking up about half the game. In fact, I thought the first section was the entirety of the game, and was pleasantly surprised when the second chapter started!My main gripe about that game would be that it's a bit disappointing that you can't get it on iPad. I played the original on my iPad and the point and click adventure genre is a great way to pass the time on the way to work. Also the controls are quite good, and I find myself pressing the Spacebar in other adventure games hoping to see all the hotspots I can click before having to remind myself that not all adventure games are built this intuitively!All in all, I enjoyed this game a lot. Not perhaps a classic that will live throughout the ages like the Money Island series, it's still interesting and quirky enough to bring a smile to my face. If you consider yourself a point and click adventure game connoisseur, you need to give the Edna and Harvey series a try. I really hope there's an Edna And Harvey 3!"
,Recommended,219910,9348533,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,No H8 on Waffles,Best Game Ever...
,Recommended,219910,9252549,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Chel doll,I have yet to be disappointed by any of Daedalic's games and this is no exception. I found myself laughing out loud between gasps of horror. The game achievements are a new addition which will probably make me replay the game -- this is good considering I completed it significantly faster than other Daedalic titles.
76561198055834162,Recommended,219910,8667742,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,vaher.johanna,"I love point and click-puzzlers, and for once the puzzles in the game are actually really good. Not too hard, not too easy, and logical!There are some bugs. The most irritating ones are when the sentences in the dialogue seem to get mixed up (it happens rarely though), and that you don't get the steam achivements.I like the story, and the humor is nice. It is sad to admit: I grew up drenched in that depressing good girl-syndrome, and still suffer from the remains of it. The game describes it very well in the beginning when you complete tasks and expect some kind of reward, but instead get yelled at. It's an important subject! Oh, the sadness."
,Recommended,219910,8763950,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Evaschia,Both cute and mildly disturbing. This game is a fun mind-challenging time filled with dark humor and great pop culture references. I definitely recommend it to anyone.
76561197981004608,Recommended,219910,8774235,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,magic2k,I love this quest )
76561198045208825,Recommended,219910,5115984,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Shatiz,"Pretty nice adventure game. The puzzles are not that hard, though the story is interesting. Very disturbing, but interesting."
,Recommended,219910,9114487,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,guilder13,"Funny and interesting plot. Whatever you do often leads to unexpected results. A lot of humor from storyteller and characters. And of course greate final. After all of that you have strange feeling: there were some different ways to pass the story.For me this game is one of best adventures, which don't let you go until you finish the game. I think I will try to play it again... strange feeling bothers me..."
,Recommended,219910,10115916,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,fashionisdanger,"Now. I really liked the atmosphere of this game, but there are a few considerations you have to do before getting it.The pace of this game is really slow compared to the quick wits of similar games, and the (English) voicing is terrible for some characters.However... The game has really interesting and original features, and its story worths a go. If you are very much into point-and-click adventures and possibly interesting storytelling you might really like this game. Otherwise I'd advise to simply play the wonderful Deponia, which is overally better."
,Recommended,219910,7310286,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,b4us,A lovely little point-n-click. I do love me some point-n-click games.
,Recommended,219910,10153028,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Zarph1r,"Harveys New Eyes is the first adventure i have ever played, so I will not (be able to) compare it with other games of this genre. Instead, I will talk about my overall experience with this game.First of all, a friend showed me this game some time ago and I stored it in my backmind. When it was on sale some weeks ago, I could not resist - and I never regretted this decision!It is a lovely made, 10 hours long/short adventure with a very...morbid and deep-black sense of humor, hidden behind the eyes of an ""innocent"", cute little girl. The narrator does its best to keep every mature-only-situation as child-friendly as possible (I can and do only talk about the GERMAN narrator!) which leads to awkward moments...and I really enjoyed them!There are three VERY different chapters in ""Harvey´s New Eyes"" and each of them had its unforgettable highlights. For example, in chapter three you become part of a pen-and-paper rpg, which is a small but brand-new, very entertaining situation...The puzzles - at least for me - are neither too difficult, nor too easy. Some puzzles took me some minutes, but overall I had no moments where I thought that I´d need help or had no more ideas. All puzzles make - kind of - sense and none of them are too far-fetched.Sadly, this game has some graphical problems, i.e. the items sometimes popped up without the background, when i entered a new screen. In addition, there was a moment when the game broke and I had to load my last savegame.Overall I highly recommend this game to all people who love this-kind-of-humor!But what do I really mean with this sentence?Well..just play the demo!!!If you like the demo - buy the game!!! (Maybeee...not for 20 bucks...but thats, of course, up to you)If you dislike the demo - don´t buy it. The demo is veeery close to the kind-of-humor. And the reason to (dis-)like this game...just IS the humor!Overall I give it a 9/10. And I really hope for a successor."
,Recommended,219910,13477152,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Pinko,"Dignified successorI loved ""Edna & Harvey: the breakout"" and this game is the following. And it's as good and surprising as its predecessor^^ You see that things have changed; theres not anymore this ""Every single item combination has a different reaction"" feature... It's a shame, but Story and Idea are again more than awesome and implemented. So again a recommendation :)"
,Recommended,219910,13706514,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,"I prefered Edna & Harvey: The Breakout more dispite this game being significatnly higher in production quality and I'm not 100% sure why, I think it was because I quite liked Edna as a character while Lilli felt a bit lacking. This is still a great game though with an abundance of personality."
76561198027100684,Recommended,219910,14569063,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,chaosqxz,He didn't get new eyes at all
,Recommended,219910,16384650,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,pandaparty666,"The game is very enjoying with a unique style and engaging story. However, I have encountered several bugs while playing, some game breaking that I can't seem to fix. Otherwise the game is very fun."
,Recommended,219910,16074967,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Daughter Goose,Getting all the achievements made me want to kill myself but it was a 10/10 game for me
,Recommended,219910,16566339,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DeafieGamer,The game is GREAT and depressing at same time. The poor girl cannot speak throught the game. Narrrator is very funny and entertaining. The game sets around the girl who is trying to stop bad thing from happening.
76561198065640232,Recommended,219910,16614603,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,aragrimwolf,This was a very witty and humorous game. The argument between the narrator and the dungeon master especially cracked me up. 9/10
76561198044167852,Recommended,219910,16619346,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Vexple,"I enjoyed this game. I enjoyed the story.I enjoy simple mouse clicking games, where you do not need to use your keyboard.I found myself aimlessly walking around, without a clue, a couple of times. Plenty of things to click on.Also, I was unhappy there was not a dialog history. I skipped a few lines of dialog, on accident, a couple of times, and there was no way to undo or read what was just said. I had to proceed without knowing.I recommend this to anyone thinking about buying it."
,Recommended,219910,13632606,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Chicco Patata,One of the best adventure game I've ever played! It reminded me a masterpiece like the first Monkey Island.
76561198088535177,Recommended,219910,13652392,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,lumi126,Very funny game! I liked it even better then the Breakout. Could not stop playing.
76561198010489003,Recommended,219910,13932329,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Jack of Kell,If you played the first Edna and Harvey then you should know that this game is much darker than the first. This is a good game with a gloriously witty way of storytelling. If you liked its counterparts then you will greatly enjoy this game. I personaly did not like the ending but it did not wholy spoil the game.I give it a 7/10.
,Recommended,219910,14234463,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,KooBot,Cute design and story line - but the game can be unstable and crashes occassionally.
,Recommended,219910,14166915,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,LadyLuuLuu,"As far as dark humor and gameplay goes, I love this game. Although if you have a mac (I know... I know...) or atleast I think it's because I'm playing on a mac, you will tend to get crashes every 2 minutes or so. Please keep this in mind when buying the game.If you have a PC, I think you will fully enjoy this cartoony dark adventure. It's funny and unquie. Mini-games and a large game of mail man and scavenger hunt."
,Recommended,219910,13990694,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,ButterPecanTam,I really enjoy point and click games....this def does not disappoint....I wish there were more puzzles throughout the game as they were a lot of fun.....loved the dark humor in this and even  the soundtrack was pretty cool.....great story as well. Only complaint is that the achievements aren't working on this kinda bummed out.
76561198175532903,Recommended,219910,15761757,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Madness-begins.,"I REALLY enjoyed this game. Even though i hadn't played 'edna and harvey: the breakout', it was still easy to follow the storyline.The game takes you to a monastry where you meet a little girl called Lilly, who despite wanting to do everything right, has no friends and mother superior absolutely hates her..She seems to have only one friend, called Edna. But one day a man called dr. Marcel comes to take her away and you have to protect her. But not before finishing al the chores you have to do for mother superior. But grave mistakes can be made with the best intentions.The game has a dark humour to it that you just have to love. If you are the type that can't handle that, you won't enjoy it, but if you like weird/sarcastic/cynical humour, you definitely have the right game!The characters in the game are sometimes a little one-dimensional, but some are just so weird that you quickly focus on them instead.The gameplay is simple and the story is quite straight-forward, though you can explore a lot and I advise you to do so. Especially some conversations are hilarious and worth listening to. The narrator of your story is quite the sarcastic basterd at times, which is a lot of fun!The only thing that bothered me was the ending, though I won't tell you anything about it. And there are a lot of: ''what the hell am i supposed to do now!?'' moments in the game. You really have to keep exploring all the options. Though it gave me a lot of frustration.So in short: a challenging game with a lot of dark humour and funny characters. I definitely recommend it!"
76561197990978121,Recommended,219910,14725508,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Jiburiruu,One of the best Adventure games I have ever played. It's as good as the Deponia games and really funny. For some reason the steam achievements don't work...but whatever. I recomend it.
,Recommended,219910,14700717,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Rabmonk,"Cute, dark, funny, awesome.8/10"
,Recommended,219910,14686430,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,skyecakes,"I absolutely loved this game. It's hilarious in the most twisted way.I haven't played the preceding games, but after playing this one, I definitely want to play them as well."
76561198043121932,Recommended,219910,15635268,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Jon Snow,Have u guys noticed how you drink coffe to wake up from harvey's dreams?DEPONIA EASTER EGG CONFIRMED.
76561197996866306,Recommended,219910,15149848,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Shambles,"This game may look like a children's cartoon: it's certainly not.  The sense of humour is quite dark, at least the colour of lye already used to dissolve a few bodies.  However, if you do have a sense of humour that does tend towards the darker, twisted end of things, this game is pretty hilarious.  Also, I found the puzzles quite enjoyable.  I also particularly enjoyed one of the endings of this game.  I'd love to play this game again with a German friend to know if the jokes work even better in that language."
76561198089645223,Recommended,219910,15160470,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Slightly Moist and Slowly Dying,"Harvey's New Eyes is a point and click game with an assortment of minigames and puzzles. You play as a little girl named Lilli at a convent school who has to complete tasks given to her by the cruel Mother Superior and attempt to help her best friend Edna. The story is good, the characters are interesting, and the voices are well recorded by good actors and actresses. The music is cool and sets a great atmosphere. The jokes are very dark most of the time, but if you can appreciate dark humor its a great game. The game lasts about 8 hours from start to finish. The only problems I've had with Harvey's New Eyes is a single German translation in the English version (also found occasionally in the Deponia games) and the fact that achievements are bugged and can't be earned even after reaching the requirement, which apparently is a very common problem.Still, Harvey's New Eyes is a great game and I highly recommend it. The few issues I've had with it don't make a huge impact on the experience given, earning this game 10 Woogies out of 10."
76561198089534240,Recommended,219910,15456570,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Dannigrrl,"Just finished - 12 hours game time for me.The best morbidly funny adventure game ever. Just as good as the 1st Edna & Harvey.Charming music, cute voices, funny dialogue - not a flaw to be had.Love it & I will miss playing it!"
,Recommended,219910,1555507,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,HoosTrax,"Defied my expectations in multiple ways. I didn't read any reviews prior, so I assumed it would be a casual, light-hearted, cartoony point-and-click adventure. Firstly, the plot is actually quite dark and creepy (but amusing at the same time), with some interesting twists, and the intentionally passive-aggressive narrator helps set the off-beat tone of the game. Second, the translation is pretty flawless, which was a concern because the first game, ""Edna and Harvey: The Breakout"", was panned because of poor English localization. Hopefully the Daedalic games do well enough that they can redo the translation for that game, and be able to bring it to Steam."
,Recommended,219910,8259567,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ashes,"Lily is without a doubt one of the most awesome characters ever. She looks innocent, she barely speaks, sports a cute bow on her head and is a raging psychopath on the inside. What's there not to love about her? The innocently evil style about the character plays out so brilliantly throughout the story.I thought the story of the game was interesting as it has such a weird concept. It's not really something you can predict along the way and it also has multiple endings depending on what you choose. There are many moments where things are totally whack, but still in a good way. Especially in the second part of the game where you have to unlock certains traits for Lily, doing so by making her face some really weird situations.Most of the characters throughout the game, even those that don't have a lot of screentime, have very good and detailed personalities. It makes it fun to interact with them as they all treat Lily individually. It also adds to making Lilys character feel real.I didn't like the the artstyle of the game. I guess it's a matter of personal taste. Everything looks sloppily drawn and some characters just look weird when they talk.I am glad there was an option to skip out on the mini game puzzles in the game. I don't think I had the patience to sit through a single one of them. Most of them relied on being able to remember things and it's difficult for me having high functioning autism.I thought the voice acting was quite good (especially for a Deadelic game). I can't recall any actor that was outstanding, but there also wasn't anyone that was terrible. The only problem with the voice-acting is the narrator that just has too much dialogue when Lily uses items. As these kind of games require a lot of trial and error, hearing 4 lines of dialogue for one single click gets tedious. Sometimes when you do things wrong, other characters will also provide a lenghty dialogue due to it.There are some bugs in the games, such as the achievements are at the time not working at all. Sometimes the inventory would lock and refuse to open, but simply walking to another room or reloading helped fix the problem.Overall I enjoyed this game. It has a good sense of humor, great character interaction and there is also a sense of deep character development depending on how you chose to end the game."
76561198012489169,Recommended,219910,8316558,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,hideki23,"Very nice ""old school"" point and click adventure game. Very funny with some dark humour. :)"
,Recommended,219910,1053960,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Gryan Flemmons,"Better than expected, imaginitive and fun if you like adventure games. Some areas have strange 'puzzles' - like places where you have to do the same thing several times to get a different result to continue - so for me at least getting stuck and needing a walkthrough was needed.. but worth it anyhow."
,Recommended,219910,7605787,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Phantron,Best adventure game since Curse of Monkey Island. Period.
76561197960280601,Recommended,219910,8165683,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ravendel,"Definitely a gem for point&click adventure fans, but you must be susceptible to sarcasm and black humour and stomach some violent actions you ""accidently"" perform later on in the game."
,Recommended,219910,8184910,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Shea,"I loved this game, it strikes an impeccable balance with its dark humor and irreverent narrator. Its not particularly difficult, and is well worth a play through if you enjoy adventure games."
,Recommended,219910,7908787,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Wake me up,"I've complited the game (cruel ending was chosen by the way), and... what i wanna say is.. That's the best adventure game i've ever played! Incredibly toching story, tricky logical quests. If you haven't played that game, you lost a large amount of different feelings, covering inside you.. You must not play with fire!..."
,Recommended,219910,12434906,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,krazydiamond07,"I truly enjoyed this twisted little gem of the point and click genre. The cartoonish graphics and story book narration offset a disturbing setup of murderous child with blond pig tails. A great piece of dark humor. My only complaint is achievements still appear to be bugged up. Hopefully they truly fix it in the future, because I would play through it again."
,Recommended,219910,12296901,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,TheDContinuum,"I played through nearly half of this game before I realized it was a sequel.  But I loved it anyways.  Interesting what they did with a main character who doesn't speak except for ""uh huh"" ""uh uh"" and ""uhhhhh...."" Very morbid and yet cheerful at the same time (you'll understand when you play).  Interesting characters, some really interesting concepts for an adventure game.  Going back to play the original soon!"
76561198138718029,Recommended,219910,11087321,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dawnstar,"Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes is a darkly whimsical point n' click adventure reminiscent of classic dark humor titles like Maniac Mansion or Sam & Max. If you don't enjoy twisted humor then this game is probably not for you. However, if you think you could find hilarity in the untimely deaths of several nasty orphan children, then I definitely recommend this game for you! Overall it's a solid game with a funny storyline that will occasionally make you feel guilty for chuckling and good puzzles that won't have you scratching your head for too long. That said, the animation and art style is a bit garish and jerky - very different from most other Daedalic titles. It's a style that seems to complement the story, in which the main character is a little girl who is probably schizophrenic, so it didn't bother me. But if you need your games to be pretty and fluid, again, you might be disappointed here. I had a lot of fun playing it and would probably play it through again."
,Recommended,219910,11041030,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,=(eGO)= Prisoner416,"Buy this game. Seriously. If you like adfventure games, excellent soundtracks, dark humor, or just having a laugh, this is the game for you.I suggest playing it with the German audio and English subtitles, but that's just my preference.There are a lot of references to The Breakout in this game, but you don't NEED to have played it first.Seriously, this one is worth the cash."
,Recommended,219910,17025287,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Silentwill,"I wasn't sure whether to recommend this game or not, but after a lot of thinking, I think I will recommend it afterall. I played E&H:HNY soon after I finished the Deponia series, which I loved a LOT, and I honestly have to say that I was slightly disappointed due to my high expectations of this game. That doesn't mean the game is bad. I just think it's not as enjoyable as the Deponia series, but it is still enjoyable in a different way nonetheless.There was a sense of humour that doesn't click with me in E&H:HNY compared to Deponia. I find the MC in Deponia humourous because he is doing evil intentionally, because of his mischievous nature. The MC of this game is just an innocent little girl who... (trying very hard to omit spoilers)... cause disasters while having zero bad intentions, which ultimately ends up in a pile of regret for both the MC and myself as the player, and I personally fail to see the humour in that. I can say though, that the adventure was quite fun as and that there were a lot of enjoyable and interesting puzzles and mini-games.All in all, if you like puzzles and you like adventures, I think that this game is worth trying if you can manage to get it in a bundle or on a discount, but personally it's not something I'd pay for at the retail price."
76561198007688772,Not Recommended,219910,17014366,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Aargh,"The game tries so hard to be funny but it fails miserably. I not against black humor but this just just didn't work for me. Either the jokes were poorly written, or the voice actor didn't deliver the line properly, or there was some detail that ruined it - like why were the dead bodies painted pink by some gnomes? Why not show the blood, the game is not for kids anyway?The story overall is pretty boring, the characters are annoying and game actions often don't make sense at all. I always liked the old school adventure games but trust me, I didn't miss those ""try everything on everything"" parts. And there is no story journal so you have often no idea what you are supposed to do next, especially if your playthrough is split into multiple days."
,Recommended,219910,21290183,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,bulletforsummer,"Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes is one of the best games I've played in a while. Got it on sale, but it's worth the full price! If you want to try it out first, the demo is well-done and represents the full game perfectly. No unpleasant surprises or packing all the good stuff into the beginning, like some other demos do.I honestly can't think of many types of gamers who wouldn't appreciate this game. It's funny, it's messed up, it's cute, all in healthy doses. As far as difficulty goes, it's pretty simple but there are a good number of puzzles, all of them commanding some amount of thought. Unless you just hate point-and-click, there's very little chance that you'll dislike this game.It's fully voice acted, and said actors' performances perfectly suit their characters and the overall mood of the game. The morbidly upbeat and often cheeky narration lends a lot of charm, putting a fun and quirky spin on the ""edgy"" theme so prevalent in games today. The narrator himself is one of the game's best assets, the other being its sense of humor in that it embraces its dark subject matter, but doesn't take itself too seriously. There is truly a lot of charisma to this game.Bonus: despite being a sequel featuring several characters from the first game, you don't have to play the first game to understand what's going on. It's written in such a way that those who played the original will enjoy the references, while those who didn't won't feel lost.One caveat: Some of the puzzles are absolutely nonsensical, or at least require thinking that is outside the box in a ""so stupid it might actually work"" sort of way. That, or I'm just bad at games. You should probably have a walkthrough on hand anyway, just to be safe."
76561198066033339,Recommended,219910,21267670,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,011001110110111101100100,This game is a work of art and I wish i could experiance it again for the first time! Cannot recommend enough!
76561197980429671,Recommended,219910,7572380,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Bubba Jones,"I adored this game when I played it and consider it the best Daedalic adventure game I've played.  The concept and execution of the story and how you are pushed through the events was wonderful to watch and experience alongside the protagonist.The premise is a simple one, you are a good little girl at a Catholic school who never speaks or gets the opportunity to speak who is always disciplined harshly and ignored.  The narrator, guides you - the player - through the story by telling you - the protagonist - what to do as a voice in her disturbed head.  Then someone tests a mind control device on her, putting more voices in her head commanding her to do and not do things.  The story grabs you right from the beginning and keeps you playing just to see either what will happen and how Lilli will reconcile all the voices in her head telling her to do this, not do that, argue with each other and make Lilli figure out how to shut everyone up.  It remains rather light hearted and veers into the dark without actually crossing the line.  I'd put it at the level of a Tim Burton film as far as how the story is written.The voice acting, sound, and artwork are very well done.  Everything has improved since The Breakout.  The characters are all well done, the voice acting in the English localization is spot on.  The translation from German doesn't have so much Germanglish as the Deponia series did.  The art style contributes to the feeling of how messed up Lilli is, right down to the little gnomes censoring all the gore and dismemberment from her multiple murder spree and the narrator explaining it all away as coincidence or happenstance.  The scenery in Lilli's mind in the parts where she tries to break her conditioning are also out there, well done, and develop Lilly and the people around her.One interesting thing about the puzzles in this game are the mental blocks Lilli has in her head.  As she breaks them, she break one of the rules at a time.  Which rule she is has broken plays a role in solving puzzles during the later parts of the game.One thing to note, achievements are wonky.  You may or may not get them during your playthrough.  If that is something you find important, there may be workarounds but it's not something I dug into too far.This is a fun little game about a mentally disturbed girl off on an adventure to help out a friend and clear out the mess in her head.  It's good fun and probably my favorite game in Daedalic's library."
,Recommended,219910,6544022,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,WinnieWangekneif,"It's a nice game! Great job , deadalic!"
76561198053474979,Recommended,219910,21196150,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Malloy,"While Harvey's New Eyes certainly can be considered a humorous game you should expect to find yourself smirking quite a lot, but rarely laughing heartily. The humor, as in the first game, is quirky, dry and rather dark, the atmosphere somewhere between bitter-sweet and melancholic.Lilly, the new main character, is endearing and the new narrator with his cynic remarks makes you almost forget that the lovely Edna-and-Harvey-banter from the first game is gone. Following her on her misadventures is great fun, even though the story is quite predictable. It's one of those ""The journey is the reward"" kind of things.The gameplay has improved from the first game, replacing the ""look"" ""pick up"" ""talk to"" and ""use"" commands with contextualized cursors. It takes away some of the old school feeling, true, but in this particular case I don't mind at all.The long transition times between scenes that could be experienced in the first game are gone. The art style has greatly improved while retaining the soul of the first game. It's nice to look at and fits Harvey's New Eyes as the nihilistic art style befitted The Breakout.As for the puzzles, they are rather simple, but fun enough to keep you entertained trough out the story. Don't expect a great challenge, though, but play the thing for the story.Finally, an advice to the German players: the English voice actors are by far better than the German ones, especially the narrator. The difference, in fact, is so huge that I don't even want to speak about the subjectivity of taste. It's like the English voice actors are professionals while the German voice actors (and I know that we have a couple of great ones!) are friends of the game designers."
,Recommended,219910,21162810,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Kreature56,"I lvoed this game. It was very challenging and cute. My only complant about it was the ending was a bit dumb (it was funny but a little too soon) and the puzzles didnt make that much ""logical"" sence and so they were much harder than they needed to be. I did enjoy this and I recomend it to anyone who likes point and click games. (ONLY BUY IF ITS UNDER $10)"
76561198147042152,Recommended,219910,21153619,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,: NightSin :,fun game
,Recommended,219910,21234299,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Thellux,"Very great game.The drawing style is great, way better than in Edna & Harvey: The Breakout.Great storyline, just friggin' love it!"
,Not Recommended,219910,21535193,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Tubuline,"There are many things that are really not intuitive in this game, even zany.Also several bugs that forced me to resume the game from start once and finally drop it without being able to finish..."
,Not Recommended,219910,21548175,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Melwen,"The begining of the story is pretty interesting, as while you do things the protagonist seems to not acknowledge what is happening inside the game. Chapters two and three are simple in comparison. Particulary on chapter three you don't have access to the whole assylum. Seems most of the work went to the first chapter.Sandly the end is abrupt, you don't get to know what happens to the protagonist, her friends or the antagonist. Even a page for a newspaper would have done it.Graphics are simple but ok. There is a glitch where the items in the inventory pop up over the screen when you enter an area, and you have to open and close the inventory for them to go away. The clicking area for many objects is displaced or too small, so sometimes you will miss them.Also, I had to tweak in order to get the achievements: deactivate Steam Cloud (which activates another version of the game!) and delete all savegames. And one of the achievements makes you go again over the game, but skipping the puzzles.I more less had a good time."
,Recommended,219910,1953970,"Posted: 23 October, 2012",all,Nevar Atine,0.0One of the BEST point and click adventure games I've ever played.Not to mention a GREAT story.
76561197984396801,Recommended,219910,21628829,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Tommi,"Interesting story. Littel schizo... girl.Graphic is not good, but bearable.Song is good."
76561197998851273,Recommended,219910,21634236,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Streeky Flinders,"This game was fun but I have to give it a rating of 90/100 mainly for the ending. It felt like a cliffhanger regardless of whichever action you choose for the doctor which gives more questions like *SPOILERS* ""if Edna was all just your imagination then where is the real Edna then?"" and ""will there be another Edna and Harvey game to explain more"" etc. The game of coarse did have its pluses like the humor in the game for both fourth wall breaking humor and its dark humor, the graphics were good to me and the puzzles made me have to think (A LOT.) Overall I think the game was fun and if their would be another Edna and Harvey game for a little filler in the cliffhanger (and more Harvey moments) then that would be great."
,Recommended,219910,22055537,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Meechismindinfo,"This game is just my type of style, creepy yet cute, I'll tell you the truth I went in not knowing anything about this game or knowing it had a series, so what happened in the first game sort of was a tad bit spoiled for me, but overal it was a great experience! I'd definitly recommend this to anyone and everyone."
76561198146196947,Recommended,219910,22146387,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Meluna,"I played this before the first one and really liked it. It definitely kept me entertained all the way through. The destructive naivety of the main character is really charming. Yes, the achievements are broken, but I am one of those scrubs who play for entertainment and fun. And funnies I had. A lot. The music could do with a bit more diversity, the theme song has been stuck in my head for days. Halp..."
,Recommended,219910,20167856,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,killy killy bear,"I can't say I'm a huge fan of Point and Click games but this game...this game went beyond expectations. I went into this game, thinking that I was prepared (I've read reviews about how this is full of dark humour, sarcasm, puzzles and whatnot) but this game had rendered me speechless right from the beginning.This definitely isn't for the faint-hearted  and those who aren't comfortable with dark humour, and I find myself intrigued and unable to stop playing for the dark and twisted plot. And there are 3 chapters in total.I liked how Lilli (the MC) could only say a syllable word like ""Um..."" ""We..."" before she trails off and someone interrupts her. It's an interesting and unique way of characterising the MC and it also allows for certain implications and insights to be drawn from what kind of character Lilli is.The puzzles were alright, but you have to pay attention to details and what was told to you. Some of the things were quite roundabout - you have to do a lot of things just for one purpose that I ended up forgetting what my goalwas supposed to be in the first place. That's just chapter 2 though.This is definitely worth a buy, especially during a sale.Note: This is the second game, sort of a sequel to the first game (Breakout) but playing the first game isn't really important to understand this game. (PS. I didn't buy the first game)Edit: Although... I still can't unlock the achievements despite having completed them (e.g. completion of chapter 1, 2, 3)"
,Recommended,219910,20430181,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Stoffy,"I must say, This game is really beatiful, i did not know what to expect. the beginning got me thinking of a childrensgame, but the sarcasm and dark humour got to me. i loved it."
,Recommended,219910,20433410,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Zoey,Quite funCute charactersSome dark humourUI is a little buggySome puzzles may take you longer then you'd like(Pro tip if you buy double click area arrows to auto skip the walking to next screen)
,Recommended,219910,20475068,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,MikePhan,"So Far its a great game, love the humor and twists. If you wanna see gameplay of it, Im doing a Let's Play of it on my channel !https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCDUGjhxP0k"
76561198004390913,Recommended,219910,20344030,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Misko,"Dark, twisted, and incredibly fun. Not much plot variation, but varying puzzles and environments keep it interesting. Decent play length, too."
,Recommended,219910,20337661,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Jeanne de Clisson,"This game is full of the charm I have come to associate with Daedalic Entertainment.  The controls are excellent, and handle much better than those of the original game.  The best part relative to the original game (Edna & Harvey: The Breakout) is how a lot of the characters(asylum patients)from the first game are in this one.  The story ends a bit abruptly,and I would have liked to have more puzzles involving the restrictions and whatnot, since that was the best part.  I found I really liked the characters (I'm still sad that Capu died), but I think that Lilli (the main character) could have had a little more development...  and the name of the game is a little decieving, too.It's called ""Edna & Harvey"", but it's more about Lilli, and the ""Harvey's New Eyes"" bit isn't as apparent nor interesting if you hadn't played the original.I don't know if this is the case for all users, or if this is just a bug in my game/steam/computer, but I didn't recieve any of the Steam Achievements for this game, even after completing the whole game and meeting some of the objectives I know were required to unlock the achievement.As a part of the Daedalic Adventure Bundle (if I remember my transaction history correctly), this game has been pleasing, to say the least.  I recommend this game, but save oftenthere are multiple endings!"
76561198112440835,Recommended,219910,20565047,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ap-kronny,I might go to hell for laughing while playing that game.
76561198222165560,Recommended,219910,19927175,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,2ndSavior,"'Harvey's New Eyes' is the second title in the ""Edna & Harvey"" series by Daedalic Entertainment.  However, playing the first game will not make this game any less enjoyable.  I am not one who laughs at anything and even when I do it isn't usually genuine.  This game literally had me in stitches, especially in the beginning when I was blind to what the game truly was going to be.  The puzzles require you to think them through, but, I never felt the need to look up a walkthrough to help me through it.  However, the game is worth playing simply for it's comedic value.  The story is about a goody-goody, nieve little girl named Lilli who is trying to help out her mentally unstable friend, Edna, escape from her former psychiatrist.  Lilli is also for the most part mute which keeps you in the dark about what she is thinking, what kind of morals she has, or if she is mentally all-there.  The writing is superb and the narrator did a stellar job.  If you like dark humor (very DARK) and do not get offended easily the game is a must buy, especially when it is on sale."
76561198159046308,Recommended,219910,19927274,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,God of game,Good game.But overall the mood is rather dark.
,Recommended,219910,717128,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,muttox,"Entertaining, in a sadistic way. Worth giving a try."
,Not Recommended,219910,19959671,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,zachol,"A really charming adventure game. Try it on German, the voice acting is a little smoother and fun to listen to, especially if you tend to read the text and skip halfway through. The art style and the humor are both amazing.That said, I personally cracked and stopped midway through the third chapter. There are a handful of nonsense puzzle actions leading up to it that I could've shrugged through, but the pizza/color puzzle is just... no. Sorry. I liked the game, up to that point, but I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,219910,19979381,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,NecroDancer,"It's surprisingly fun but to be honest, not very intuitive. I had to look up what to do next a few times but it was still worth it."
,Recommended,219910,19860727,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,QueenSlug,Beyond delightful! Sure it's a quick play but damn if it isn't a fun one!
76561197991799558,Recommended,219910,1344807,"Posted: 22 October, 2012",all,Zebrati,"Oh dear oh dear how to put this...this game is fun. Enjoyable well made but very german. What do I mean by that? Well the country of orgin shines through with little things. The police wear green, your character finds an unexploded bomb from ww2 (a common problem in modern day germany) annnnnd ITS DARK AS ♥♥♥♥. Seriously this one is the game that made me uncomfortable in what is suppost to be obviously humor. Its just lucky Ive studied German and understand where the dark humor comes from. This comes in the same vein as the old faerie tales that come from the land of autobahn and tell of what happens when you suck your thumbs (they get cut off by the talor) or when you play with fire (you die!). Its fun don't get me wrong but...well if Ive been able to run people over in gta, blow up buildings in sr2 and operate on people in medical games without flinching and -this- is the one that makes me squirm with a child hanging herself? Might want to consider if you'll be able to get through it"
,Recommended,219910,20754027,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,blvckfoxx,"Good sequal to the first Edna and Harvey game; storyline, characters and gameplay.I'd recommend playing the first one first, but not totally necessary. I got this from the Armageddon bundle from the publisher, and if you want to play a decent point and click, this is your winner here. Not as good at Night of the Rabbit, but better than some of the other ones I played.Overall: 6/8"
76561198274278715,Recommended,219910,26079734,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,A_Drawn_Sketch,"Very good for passing time and stuff like that, funny and entertaining game"
76561198013386248,Recommended,219910,26448052,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Bonnie Gruesome,"Hmmmmm, what can I say about this?Well, I do like it, but I like the first game a little more, the reasons you ask? Well this one is very polished and well written, good puzzles and some funny and sometimes dark humor, but....I was a little disappointed not playing as Edna or Harvey, annnnnd it's told mostly as a narrative rather than the first person.Don't get me wrong I do like the game, and it was very enjoyable, I just prefer the first game a little more :) it may grow on me more in time and as I play it again, it's a very good point and click game from the makers of Deponia."
76561198275381454,Recommended,219910,27605716,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,duy,like it
,Recommended,219910,27360213,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pandalicious,"some riddles are making this game more difficult, but it's nice"
,Recommended,219910,27312439,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eight,I have no bunny and I must scream.
76561198136719451,Recommended,219910,26686250,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,TheXctuionR,"This game is a lot of fun, if you like puzzles and have somewhat humor inside of you, try it!"
76561198075574658,Recommended,219910,26591840,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,arch.roby,"Humorous point-and click adventure. Some puzzles are not really logical, but on overall it's an enjoyable game"
,Recommended,219910,26594858,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ravlinn,"Hella twisted, slightly disturbing, and yay for multiple ending. I really enjoyed the puzzles, even tho some of them were a straight up ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ (I'm looking at you mother superior). Btw ty devs for covering everything that would've been too graphic in pink goo. 10/10 would burn pigeon with firecrackers again."
76561198099403836,Recommended,219910,26893982,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hauntedgt,Dark and fun game. Recommended. Definitely not for kids though.
,Recommended,219910,23323794,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,YogA,"Point and click, with dark humors...One of my favourite point and click games ever..Loved it.."
76561198035414032,Recommended,219910,28087238,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SMB,"I am currently playing middle of the chapter 1. So far, I think it is recommendable adventure game.Pros+ English version's voice acting is quite good. The breakout's voice acting was crude, but not this one. Most of them are good, and some aare really great. My favorite so far is the Mother superior. You must hear her acting when she confess her childhood.+ Reasonable Level Design. Remember how the breakout was? No more Inventory full of items that even looking at it is smothering and the puzzles creepily designed (That monitor TV signal thing with bladder guy...)+ Graphics and musics also got way better from the last game.+ The air. The moment when the first lilly's friend died from Lilly's action and every classmates except him gathered around the covent I immediately realized that she would kill them all one by one by accident, and I LIKED IT. I had played wondering who'd die next.Cons- Bugs. I can't play it right now because my save file is corrupted.- If you mind children and animals dying...- Interface can use more improved. Something like swapping items by scrolling down or something like that."
,Recommended,219910,28214317,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,GinKadia,This game is full of twists and clever witty banter.
76561198304948780,Recommended,219910,28352363,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,hamburgerfaye,Its a amazing dark game i wouldnt say its adult or kid freindly about PG to 13+ its very fun and i never played the first one but i say it should be played whiout the other one i cant find any problem execpt the mouths especaily for doctor somebody (forgot his name) i just finished it i give it a 9 out of 10 great job daelalic also check out the night of the rabbit and other games they made
,Recommended,219910,23308643,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Nik2038,Nice
,Recommended,219910,25644646,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Mr. Gem,"To the story writer: how did you came up with this? It's ""bloody"" amazing."
76561198334670757,Recommended,219910,30327364,Posted: 4 March,all,jzimmer101,Sweet morbidity & innocence wrapped into a creative and delicately humorous storyline that manages to deliver an enjoyable gaming experience without crossing the line of obscenity.
,Recommended,219910,32127332,Posted: 2 June,all,Springorchid,"My favorite Daedalic game.It was my first click on adventure game and first daedalic game as well.Lily seemed to be in a very poor situation and couldn't help but sympathesize her... at first.Then as the story goes on players can slowly come out to know her true nature.Everywhere she goes, everywhere she touches is a complete disaster. And I can't say it's not on purpose.Sometimes the very innocent nature of children can actually be ""evil"".Whether Lily is decieving herself to be naive and innocent (""Gnomes"") or she is suffering from schizophrenia, I don't know.Be aware though :Lily kills every ♥♥♥♥ing characterI would love to see more dark twisted adventure games from Daedalic."
,Recommended,219910,32165224,Posted: 3 June,all,IcyCyborg,Pretty simple point and click adventure game. Definitely imporved since the last one.Do you hate bugs? No
,Recommended,219910,305374,"Posted: 20 October, 2012",all,Bastwood,"While I initially found the art style of this adventure game a bit jarring, it ended up being one of my favorite point'n'clickers I've played for a while. It deals with surprisingly hefty subject matter while remaining to feel very light-hearted; the game simply revels in its own absurdities. Nowadays I usually grow tired of adventure games way before I've completed them, but I simply devoured this one in under 24 hours. This game isn't afraid of doing its own thing."
,Recommended,219910,7523935,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,^3P1ka^1C^3hu,"A must have if you are a ""point & click"" adventure games fan.This is the first time a game really taught me something for the real life world: the how confront our deep and inner mind blocks and how we should battle them in a really easy way.The way they represent the death in this game is quite interesting, dialogues and narrative is very clever and very, very well written.9/10 since 2 of the 3 possibles endings of the game are just morally wrong to me."
,Recommended,219910,16730738,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Mildr,"Its a fun point & click game, but some outcomes are a bit strange. But overall a good game."
,Recommended,219910,17245245,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,It'sTimeForHANNES,is rly good
76561198201500007,Recommended,219910,17071798,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,lina_nguyen,"hot diggity damn this game is low-key ♥♥♥♥ed up... the writing was amazing. how did the developers even think of some of the events? and each little detail had a huge impact on the linear progression of the story. however, i found the ending(s) to fall flat, although it was righteous in regards to how the story played out-- just like in the Deponia series (also an awesome game, with what i consider better art)p.s, i thought that all the weird sacreligious references were kind of funny (and ♥♥♥♥ed up), since they appeared to be innocent due to the character that they were percieved through."
,Recommended,219910,17024498,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Aeo,"If you're into Point and Click games, then, yes, this game is commendable.If you're into comedy, then, yes, this game is commendabe.I enjoyed this game but I still see Deponia as the better one.They're from the same developers, though.So... same controls.Different art style.Gore of some sort.Sorry for the lazy review. :D"
,Recommended,219910,12913609,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Raggamuffin,"I'm starting to like these Daedelic folks.  While I wouldn't put this game on the same level as the Deponia it was still an excellent adventure, highlighted by the mishaps of Lilli.+ Love the art style.+ Lilli's a great, silent protagonist.+ Woggy.- Achievements are broken.Playtime: 8h8/10"
,Recommended,219910,12674033,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Erykgecko,"I haven't played the first Edna and Harvey game so was somewhat skeptical of picking this up as other Deadilic titles while excellent storywise really put me off with the voice acting, however I'm really pleased I grabbed this in a sale as it's one of the best point and clicks I've played in a long time. While not overly hard, it's enough to make you think on how to proceed without ever having to refer to a walkthrough, and the story is pretty damn good, although I was a little disappointed at the ending which seemed rather abrupt. You could probably complete this in a single sitting if you wanted however expect to spend a good couple of hours straight at it. I completed it over a weekend just playing a couple of hours at a time each day.There were a couple of bugs that kept popping up now and again, mainly with the interface, but nothing that crashed the game or stopped you proceeding.There is an intelligent story here hidden behind the cute fluffyness, I urge you to give this a go if you like a good story and a good point and click adventure game... They are so rare nowadays!"
76561198235804690,Recommended,219910,33584163,Posted: 16 July,all,Marieke,"This game is just great! The music, the dark humor, I loved it. I'd love it if the first Edna & Harvey game became playabe on Mac as well."
76561198043842703,Recommended,219910,32777711,Posted: 25 June,all,BigKahuna,"A great game with unique dark humor, nice background music and cute drawings. Most riddles and tasks can be solved with logic. Harvey's New Eyes might be a little short, but there are multiple endings, so there is replay value. 9/10"
76561198065271300,Recommended,219910,32611428,Posted: 20 June,all,AxioM,Dark Humor game! Very enjoying experience.
,Recommended,219910,5339800,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,The Dance Commander,"Come on man, fight of hypnotising rabbits and accidentally murder students at the convent you're at, as an innocent little girl. If you doubt the awesomeness get the demo."
,Recommended,219910,2165110,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,AmyRose88,Harvey the best!
76561198052465212,Recommended,219910,29293696,Posted: 16 January,all,Zahrada40,"Hilarious and fun to play game. First half of it is just superb. Really fun to play while stoned. Bizzare, twisted humour and setting. The second half of the game seemed a little bit weaker. But still very nice. If you like classic style adventure games and Daedalic, this one is a clear YES."
,Recommended,219910,30012559,Posted: 18 February,all,talavikille,"This is a very odd point-and-click adventure game.  I very much enjoyed it though, and occassionally still think about the events of the game even a year later. Decent puzzles, would recommend."
76561198085675458,Recommended,219910,29942629,Posted: 15 February,all,gamer,"NOTE: I didn't receive this game for free, steam had an errorDon't you  wish  you can do a thing or two  to someone who is rude to you or underestimate you? this game  will  fulfill  your dark fantasy.however there is more to this game than that.  if you read the game description and at least know about  Edna & Harvey: Harvey's new eyes, you will know where this game is going. As the story progress, the game drops hints to help you connect the dots."
,Recommended,219910,29478927,Posted: 25 January,all,Ante,"A point and click game with charming graphics hiding challenging (if not completely unfair) puzzles. I really liked the goofy animations, character design and the black humour coming from the sarcastic narrator. The puzzles are surprisingly difficult and sometimes don't seem to make any sense, but they are most of the time well narrated so you should be able to do about 90% of the game on your own. I still had to go on to google to find the answer to one enigma that didn't make any sense and was badly introduced, and thus almost impossible to guess on my own. The music is charming and the dark/childish athmosphere is well done. For a lifespan of about 6 to 15 hours, I'd definitely recommand this game.Pros:- Goofy cartoon graphics and amusing character deisgn- Black humour that is relevant most of the time- Good voice actors that bring life to the character- Astonishingly difficult puzzles that are still doable because they are well anticipated and introduced- Athompheric music that creates a dark, yet funny moodCons:- Astonishingly difficult puzzles that, when badly introduced, are just a pain in the *ss."
,Recommended,219910,29344574,Posted: 18 January,all,kastuk,"Wunderful not-only-black humour! Great english voices acting! I love this Narrator's irony! Almost like Stanley Parable thing! Ah, this intonations and dialects...Cutiest timidly stumbling Lillegrimm!Too sad, I play this before Breakout. Thank's Devil, I don't play the trailer.Some of logical errors in sequences of combinations, when you take and use things so fast (board in chapel, for example). Most often you may not understand, what's this all grabbed for.Some mix with languages in voice files.Almost useless option for change psychoblocks.Painful achievements.I add this in same category with Lucius, Postal and Hotline Miami...Why drunker is not pinky?"
,Recommended,219910,34837643,Posted: 9 September,all,//Joombie🍓 [イチゴ],Game is filled with lot of adventure!
76561198098195599,Recommended,219910,33661520,Posted: 19 July,all,MundiMori,"Pretty neat game, the storyline is unusual, especially once the fantasy worlds of Lili's trance states get introduced. There are three chapters to the game, and hands down I thought the first one was the hardest, with the most amount of actions that seemed like non sequiturs. The game doesn't have any sort of hint system built in, which I think it really needs, so I was playing with a walkthrough  in case I got stuck, and I was consulting it a lot more during the first chapter than anything else. This game would have felt better structured if it got harder as it went on, not easier. One aggravating thing was that sometimes you had to repeat actions multiple times, to finally get a result on the third or fourth try, which felt unfair when you're trying to figure out what does and does not work. The mini games in it were fun and mostly intuitive enough that you didn't need to read the tutorials, and greatly varied from each other. Overall, a neat game, wish I had saved before the end so I could have seen all three endings, though. There hadn't been a ton of choice up until then, so I wasn't expecting to be given actual options."
,Recommended,219910,33673080,Posted: 20 July,all,Edgelord,"Witty little game  with twisted puzzles, good atmosphere and  interesting story. Lots and lots of dark humourAchievemnents :bonkers requirements! But if you have too much spare time and want to murder your mouse with clicks, feel free to catch 'em all."
76561198154438074,Recommended,219910,33725856,Posted: 22 July,all,TheGamingKill,Best point and click I've played! And funny too :)
76561198041564007,Recommended,219910,33926029,Posted: 31 July,all,bethanyjlf,"I got this game in a Daedalic bundle having not heard of it before. I wasn't particularly expecting much from it, but was pleasantly surprised. Very quirky and humorous, with a dark and fun story line. i was expecting it to be relatively short, but theres a fair few hours of gameplay to be had and was continually surprised when the game kept on going. I initially wasn't a fan on the artwork but it definitely grew on me throughout the game and the other realms you pass into are pretty cool and imaginative.Whilst I wouldn't pay full price for this (currently £15.99) I would definitely recommend it if you can get it on sale or in a bundle."
,Not Recommended,219910,35451953,Posted: 3 October,all,MagnifiCent$ -KYS! vreecase.com,Booring af...
