user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,219990,32427465,Posted: 15 June,all,вonaғυzz,"Have you been diagnosed with Diablo Disappointment Disorder Stage 3?While PoE treatment is free it has side effects that may be harmful: anger, greed, depression, addiction, microtransaction transmitted diseases.Have you lost all hope in finding the right cheap medication?No worries Grim Dawn is cheap and effective with little to no side effects - if you become too tolerant, there will be more content added.Please ask your doctor if you, friends, or family have any addiction problems relating around fun arpg adventures before you make your decision."
76561197990754751,Recommended,219990,24518086,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,ralexi,"As a veteran player of aRPGs, I want to share my feels about Grim Dawn with you, after about 90h of gameplay.Features I like:+ Involving, dark story.+ Beautiful graphics and style,+ Atmospheric soundtrack,+ Very satisfying and 'meaty' combat model,+ Faction system with bounties and nemezis hunting (though I've never faced any),+ Devotion system,+ Festival of loot,+ Good crafting system,+ Lots of components, aguments and item-granted skills which provide wide variety of builds,+ Day/night and wheater system,+ At some point it's quite challenging (over 70 deaths druing 90h of gameplay),+ I haven't try multiplayer yet, but I am sure it's very, very fun (instanced or FFA loot, combat with friends, etc.),+ Easy, reasonable travel system,+ Vast locations filled with details and less linear than in most aRPGs,+ Lots of hidden treasuers, places and secret quests,+ Possibility to rotate and zoom camera and map,+ Modding tools with huge possibilites,+ Class dualism..+ .. but it would be awesome to add new classes (TQ:IT had 9). However, it's definitely great with 6 various classes at the moment.+ One of the best price/quality deals,+ Hardcore mode.Features I'm neutral about:* Consistent world - I couldn't feel Cairn division into acts,* Lack of character customization (only male/female - same as TQ),* Absence of shrines with buffs (present in TQ), however I think they're not necessary here,* I have a problem with memorizing locations, NPCs and major bosses names,* Lack of Polish language,* After 90h of gameplay my character is at lvl.. 78/85.* After creating new character it doesn't show up instantly - player must go to options and come back to main menu to see it.Things I dislike:- Aetherfire (green flame on the ground) and poison pools are bit overpowered,- Few animations should be improved (e.g. stonetusks),- Sometimes vision gets too dark,- Ocassionaly crashes at alt-tabbing or game exiting.Incoming first DLC - Crucible - is a hope for a better endgame content with a chance for ranking rivalry and source of loot (hopefully also new).I believe that future content will make this game one of the best aRPG's of all time (for me it is now).A must have - not only for aRPG genre lovers!9,5+/10"
76561198043136655,Recommended,219990,7748389,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,pjb6k,"Pros:  Rough around the edges, but still an excellent value.    If you loved Diablo, Torchlight, & Titan Quest then this is the game for you.    Combat is solid, the story is well presented, monster design is top notch.   Spiffy animations.   Art direction takes a few cues from Fallout 3 & Borderlands.    A few shout outs to H.P. Lovecraft.    No crashes for me & almost no bugs.    Very stable game!Cons:  has pretentions to being a 'Ye Olde Skool' hard core ARPG game.    Thus the game lacks modern rpg conviences like quest markers.     Expect to wander lost for stretches at a time.    Game balance is nightmare.   Playing a caster is easy mode.    Loot drops are a bit sketchy, but it is getting better.    Crate employees are swell & willing to listen to feedback.   Crate fans on the other hand...     Well, let's just say they are a bit defensive.    Saying that there are flaws with Grim Dawn is tantamount to calling their baby ugly.    The Crate Forums are going to be very interesting when the final product ships...In conclusion: post apocalyptic, low fantasy that doesn't pull any punches.    Some of the game design choices are real headscratchers, but they're being ironed out.     Crate entertainment is a pretty decent indie outfit  & deserve support.   It's a work in progress that takes you on fun, brutal journey.    8 out of 10, Above average.   B+   Four Stars out of Five."
,Recommended,219990,32167466,Posted: 3 June,all,Nyarlathotep The Crawling Chaos,"When EA Surprises you, Grim Dawn started out as a buggy Diablo clone who's title was too edgy to take seriously. I gave it a shot initially hating it, being upset at every little thing that made it different from the rest of the haphazard Diablo-esque games that have dotted the market since then. I thought it was simply another crash grab from the team that brought us the underrated (yes, I still think so) Titan Quest as was the norm to do when the project started.Boy was I wrong. Grim Dawn has gone beyond being merely what ""Diablo 3 should have been."" With its beautiful graphics, stellar combat, addictive character building, oozing puddles of loot amongst amazing level design, Grim Dawn has set the bar very high for me. Ontop of the recent expansion Crate delivers constant patches and updates to fix bugs, exploits and to balance many aspects of the game even while a new expansion looms.The Crucible was a fun, affordable addition that is a very fun way to play Grim Dawn and prove your mettle. That said, my gripe with Grim Dawn has always been, the sound. While the sound effects are generally very well done, I feel during the push to gold status, the voice acting and the music fell behind. The soundtrack isn't bad, its just lackluster where I would want it more extreme, it sort of falls to the wayside of the endless monster slaying. The voice acting can either be superb (John Bourbon), wildly inconsistent (Some Ulgrim lines are practically deadpan) to just plain cringe-inducing (A few Inquisitor Creed lines).All in all, this is absolutely worth the money and time, make some friends on their excellent forums (the community is stellar and helpful with a healthy amount of showboating), buy a copy with a friend or two since these games are really at their best when shared with a friend. However, by no means is it worth less single player."
76561198009645468,Recommended,219990,14452626,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Lukas,"In-Depth ReviewPrepare for a long read!First off the Story:Grim Dawn is full of interesting dialogue and well written textbooks that truly immerse you into the game. Furthermore there is a multitude of sidequest that often allow you to make meaningful decisions and sometimes even determine the fate of a whole village.Unfortunately these stories are hard to follow for someone who doesn't read through all the text. As much as I know the devs plan to voice the main story towards release.Atmosphere:The graphics present you with a harsh and sinister environment which is further emphasized by the great music and sounds. The handcrafted maps are quite large and feature hidden passages from time to time. It also feels great when you encounter hostile factions attacking each other and follow the transformation of Devil's Crossing from a small survivors-enclave to a small town as you progress through the story.Only downpoint for me was the repetitiveness of some maps, especially the 3 swamps in act 1 and arkovia/broken hills in act 2. I was told that the devs are planning to rework some of these areas though in terms of visuals.Gameplay:Gritty, fun combat, just as you would expect from an ARPG. The constitution system makes sure that you don't just wait to regenerate and the scarcity of potions underlines the fact that you are survivor of a perished world. Unlike Diablo 3 leveling feels rewarding and presents you with relevant decisions that influence your progression later in the game. The dual-mastery system of Titan Quest opens up a ton of possibilities and will further improve the more classes are available. The locational damage will probably not suprise TQ-veterans, but for ARPGs in general it's a really noteworthy feature that adds further depth to the game. (On a site note: There is an existing faction system that will be dramatically improved in the upcoming build)Since build 20 there is a well-working multiplayer, unfortunately the damage monster deal is also scaled if you play together. Resistances don't show much effect if they are not pushed quite high and casts and even aoe skills can miss enemies. Coming from WoW I was never very fond of a ""accuracy"" stat as it pretty much forces players to cap it.Itemization:The game features a multitude of stats to choose from: many types of retaliation, skill bonuses, damage modifiers, resists, etc. etc. This and the fact that there are procs and even entire new skills on items massively increases the number of possible builds and the fun collecting every item. Unlike other games in the genre there are not only random rolled yellows and greens but also static epic items which helps to reduce ""bad luck"", legendary items will drop from 50 onward, but are not available yet. Like Titan Quest there is also a huge number of augmentations to further personalize your gear. The two unqiue blacksmiths to choose from make use of these augmentations to craft a bunch of new items and relics from blueprints found in the world. All items are fully tradeable with other players.It seems there are some apparently obsolete stats though: Armor and physical resist pretty much do the same and ""increase resistance x by x%"" isn't really needed either.Interface:The game has a multitude of options and a fully scalalbe interface, which makes it highly customizable. The data sheets are well categorized and easy to access.Sometimes the text on items can get a little bit long though.Same goes for several skill descriptions, some of which only offer vague information, e.g. Solaels Witchfire - what exactly do the 1st and 2nd rune increase? You will have to try that out for yourself.Content:Grim Dawn is not finished yet, but it already has act 1-3 which offer fairly much to do and even on the second playthough reveal some suprises. Hallowed Hill, Depraved Sanctuary and Steps of Torment provide some lasting ""endgame"" content, the latter even comes with a cohesive and interesting story. Due to the fact that the current maximum level is 40 the number of build possibilites is limited of course, nontheless there is plenty of them already. I'd say there's roughly 150-200h of playtime right now if you don't try the more fancy builds.Bugs:I haven't encountered many bugs which is refreshing for an early access title these days, here are the most prevalent ones:- Getting stuck especially when using teleports/charge- Hit detection sometimes doesn't work for aoe skills like ""shockwave""- Some attacks can clip though walls, both hostile and friendly- Items occasionally drop through the floor, especially annoying with epics* The devs seem to be aware of these bugs and will address some of them in B24To sum it up:- in no way generic or boring quests that offer real decisions; story may be hard to follow if you don't read through every text though- dense atmosphere, brilliantly handcrafted world that sometimes feels repetitive because of the lack of different textures- good mix of fun gameplay, diverse builds and multi-layered mechanics with only minor problems here and there- interesting and complex itemization with a few debatable stats- well done interface, many options, but sometimes useless skill/item descriptions- reasonable quantity of well thought out content, likely 150-200h- few bugs, very polished for an alphaI have never had so much fun coming up with new builds and testing them right away. The gameplay is mostly fluid, the graphics and audio help create a unique atmosphere that supports the many stories you find about the world of Cairn and it's residents. It may take some time though to see through the complexity of the skill tree and items and appreciate the thought that has gone into it. All in all I'd say that Grim Dawn even in it's currents state is worth every penny as it not only offers the usal ARPG features, but also comes with it's own fresh ideas and shows promise of even more.P.S. I have noticed that many reviews on youtube are from people/magazines who invested less than 20h and therefore don't go really deep into the many mechanics Grim Dawn has to offer. This doesn't do the game justice in my opinion. Please don't take those reviews seriously and give the game a chance if above points take your fancy."
,Recommended,219990,28176467,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Ceno,"I have been asked by several people to rewrite my review, as my initial review (written several months ago) inspired some to buy the game and so they wanted me to stay up to date with the times and offer my insights therein. I will first offer my thoughts on what has changed between then and now, and then introduce the game as a whole to those who have never seen it before.At its core, Grim Dawn has not changed vastly so in the last several months; I do not mean to say that there have not been updates, as there have and the game is certainly better for them, but the gameplay is very much the same as it was at release (in February 2016). This implies more than it seems; it means that Crate, the developing studio for the game, is not keen on upsetting the way players play the game. Sure, some balancing tweaks have been made here and there, and some builds have been nerfed or buffed more than others, but it does not seem as though Crate has ever intended to force its playerbase into a particular playstyle. Some may suggest that this means the gameplay is stale, as over the span of 10 months the meta has only shifted ever so slightly. I can't claim to see it that way; I see it as meaning that the gameplay isstable(see what I did there?) and does notneedto change. Following Grim Dawn's release, a world-sprawling quest containing a multitude of very tough bosses has been added (completable in all three of the game's difficulties) for free, as has the paid DLC of the Crucible, which is an ultra-difficult arena-style survival game mode. We will soon be receiving the third of the ""roguelike"" dungeons for free, increasing the explorable world further with yet more content. We've also received several 'endgame sets' (and I use the phrase lightly, so as not to instill fear to newcomers that sets behave anything as they disastrously do in D3 - they don't) to promote some alternative, niche builds. Still on the horizon is Grim Dawn's first expansion...But what is Grim Dawn? For that, I turn to a (slightly altered) version of my former review for the game:Grim Dawn is a hack-and-slash ARPG that does everything it needs to and so much more. It presents a nitty-gritty world ravaged both my man's mistakes as much as otherworldly invasion. The feel of this world is perpetuated in every facet of the design of the game. Skills and attacks - player and enemy alike - are brutal and satisfying. The UI is precisely what it needs to be to get the points of its contents across to the player; it is no fancier than that. The quests have a purpose to them - 'We feel threatened by X, fix that for us by slaying him/her/it' - but they do not go out of their way in their descriptions to make their completion any easier than a rough idea of where to go. This game is designed to be played solely by you, your inclinations, and you intuition, not to help you play it with omniscient developer input and assistance. But you get what you give, and then a little more. You'll hunt across beautiful hand-crafted landscapes for terrifyingly monstrous entities, read immersive and haunting texts scattered throughout the world, and develop a character of your own design, one of your own play-style and skill choices.OK, so that's all the RPG stuff out of the way. So how does Grim Dawn put the Action in Action-RPG? At the beginning of the game, it does not do so wildly. Nor should it; if you started a god then any godly things you did throughout the game would feel all the same. But eventually the combat of Grim Dawn picks up to be fast paced and as brutal as the world around you. Every enemy in Grim Dawn is designed to kill you with merciless potency, and you'll have in your arsenal an array of spells, skills, and items to decimate you foes with terrific effect. Rarely will you ever feel truly immortal; the world of Grim Dawn has more than a handful of foes tough enough to go toe-to-toe with the most dedicated players.Grim Dawn is not a trading simulator, as its loot system favors self-found play. Grim Dawn is not made solely for endgame; that is not to say it does not have one (I've spent 9 days on one character alone), but the game's focus is on the journey to that endgame. It is, ultimately, a game, and so realizes that it must keep things fun throughout the experience, and does just that.Prospective players are always quick to ask something along the lines of ""Would you recommend this over PoE/D3?"" I would do so, yes, but I would caution them to say that Grim Dawn has no intention of replacing either title, as there are vast differences in their respective approaches to the ARPG genre. I would argue that without a doubt Grim Dawn is the superior title, however; if there is any ARPG in existence better than Grim Dawn, it would be Diablo II, but the veracity of such a statement may be tested. Indeed, Grim Dawn may well be in a league of its own, which the ARPG market has so very much needed. Perhaps, yes, I am a fanboy in that regard; I've spent over $200 on the game/its DLC in purchasing it for myself and some of my friends. But I can solidly and unquestioningly say I have no regrets in that regard. If you've read this far and still have your doubts about the game, then there's likely nothing one could write in a review to sway your opinion, and I wish you the best; otherwise, do yourself the favor and pick up Grim Dawn for $25. You'll almost certainly love it."
76561198085011131,Recommended,219990,23117312,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Callynn,"At first this game seemed like one of 'those' Diablo copies. But as I played through it, several positives that other similar ARGP's don't have become clear:Positives:+ Grim Dawn has six well-rounded premade 'classes' you can invest in.In Grim Dawn, you start out with all options open and you can choose from a big variation of offensive and defensive skills.+ Grim Dawn allows for Dual Class mixing.After reaching level 10, you can start investing points in another 'class' skill tree, allowing you to mix with even more offensive/defensive skills from that other class.+ Grim Dawn has an item for most skill builds.The items in Grim Dawn are unique, but also generic in a good sense. Flat bonuses to whatever type of damage your character deals are widely available.+ Grim Dawn has a massive variety of item-enhancers (called Materials).You find these in the world and can attach them to items to make them more powerful in a certain way, or use them in the extensive crafting system. They can be somewhat compared to 'socketable gems or runes' in Diablo 2, but every item has a 'socket'.+ Grim Dawn has a very extensive 'talent' system (called Devotion).In the world you find shrines that once defeated/something sacrificed to award a talent point. This can be invested in a very broad talent system. This has a slight downside for those who do NOT enjoy theorycrafting; it can be a bit overwhelming.+ Grim Dawn plays fluently.Now this may seem irrelevant, but for those who played Path of Exile and were thrown off by the 'clunky' gameplay (I know I was) will have a much cleaner feel of gameplay flow in Grim dawn that is almost similar to Diablo 3. You character feels very responsive to your actions and he goes where you want him to go.+ Grim Dawn has a good mix between realistic and clear art style.To make a game both pretty in a realistic way AND still be able to see what happens where is NOT easy, and Grim Dawn does a good job at it. The minimap, map and color scheme are all clear enough to see (I am r-g colorblind).+ Grim Dawn is fun to play with friends.Once set up, GD is a very enjoyable multiplayer experience. You can easily build characters that complement each other, or slaughter each other in a duel.+ Grim Dawn items can (usually) be traded/given to friends.Yeah, this is good. Not like Diablo 3 where every-****ing-thing is soulbound. Some items in Grim Dawn are also soulbound, but with reason.+ Grim Dawn ultimate difficulty is unforgiving.It may remind some people of Diablo 3 Inferno mode, which is not for the casual player. I put this as a negative and positive on purpose, as this is a matter of taste.Negatives:- Grim Dawn has a seemingly pointless mechanic of stat points.You are allowed to invest in Physique, Cunning or Spirit. Physique gives hp and other health bonuses, Cunning gives crit and hit bonuses and Spirit gives more energy to spam your skills. It SEEMS like a choice at first, but because items REQUIRE flat amounts of these stats (715 Spirit for that great caster item, 715 Physique for that awesome armor) this choice is an illusion. In fact, this can be very frustrating for a first playthrough; you might not be able to wear something awesome you find. Diablo 3 doesn't have this problem (but many others).- Grim Dawn tends to stutter a bit with large amounts of monsters and particles on screen.Played on a high-end PC (2016 built), with 3 Wind Devils, 3 Storm Totems, 1 Wendigo Totem and 4 packs of monsters can give lag, even on the best of machines. This is not any worse than on similar games like D3 or PoE.- Grim Dawn leveling can become tedious.After level 50, the experience needed to advance increases rapidly per level. Reaching max level on a character is an every-day, 2 week investment at least.- Grim Dawn needs portforwarding for most people to do multiplayer.Right now, hosting a game in GD requires you to manually open port 27016 (UDP/TCP). Although this is easy for me, it may not be for those less technically inclined.- Grim Dawn ultimate difficulty is unforgiving.It may remind some people of Diablo 3 Inferno mode, which is not for the casual player. I put this as a negative and positive on purpose, as this is a matter of taste.I hope you found this summary review helpful! Have fun :)"
,Recommended,219990,23566320,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Jet Uppercut,"You hear an alarm beeping, startling you away from your screen. You turn around and stare at the neon letters on the clock. It's 5:30AM. Birds chirp outside as the tentative first rays of sunshine creep through the gaps in your curtains. You've spent an entire weekend slaying hellbeasts from beyond the void and now you only have an hour to get to work. You haven't slept.That's Grim Dawn."
,Recommended,219990,16009048,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mutant1988,"Let's get my opinion across to you as a reader as soon and as clear as possible.I genuinely love this game.For an early access game, it feels very polished and content rich. But then, it has been in early access for some time now.If you like Diablo, you will definitely like this game. Because it offers the same hack&slash loot fest gameplay as that game, but without the frustrating bull****, such as the permanent character damage of Diablo 1 and the excessively restrictive builds (And rare respec) of Diablo 2.The game offers at present 5 different classes, of which you can combine any 2 of them to create hybrid classes. There is the Soldier (Typical warrior), the Nightblade (Rogue with a melee focus), the Demolitionist (Archer type, but with versatile crowd control options and traps), the Occultist (Debilitation and pets) and the Arcanist (Spellcaster). There are skills in each class that well complement those of another, but a pure class build is just as viable.There are no skills that are purely support, since the developers have made a conscious decision to make singleplayer just as playable as multiplayer. Instead, most classes offer some form of skill that applies a bonus or ability to you, as well as an equal one to other players and pets, allowing increased power and versatility in multiplayer without compromising the viability of the skill in singleplayer.It's a lot less restrictive than most similar games in how each class can be built and still be viable, but it is worth putting some advance thought into your build. Skill points can be refunded if spent on skills, but not if spent on class mastery (Which increase your stats linearly and unlock further skills).Content wise, the game currently contains 2 full chapters of reasonable length and 2 out of 3 parts of the 3rd chapter. A total of 4 chapters are known to be planned for the full release. There is a lot of various equipment to find with interesting items offering unique skills to complement the arsenal of your chosen class. There is also a lot of varied enemies to use your weapons and abilities on, with especially dangerous (mostly) randomly spawned unique Heroes to contest with, each with their own special skills and abilities.Four difficulties are planned, each which will be unlocked for a character as the previous is completed. At present there is only two difficulties available, Normal and the optional Veteran. These two difficulties can be alternated between at any time from the main menu and share the same campaign progression. Completing the game on either will unlock the next one, once it's added.I strongly recommend playing on Veteran difficulty in singleplayer, as Normal mode is a tad too easy. In multiplayer, the game scales the difficulty based on the amount of players, making Normal mode offer a decent challenge and making Veteran very challenging.Enemies do scale to your level, but as I understand the scaling will be lesser in the full release and is only set as high as it is now to offer a continuous challenge for higher level players.  Right now, the maximum level is 40, which is still plenty enough to allow the construction of very interesting character builds that do end up feeling extremely powerful in spite of the scaling enemies.Story wise, the game features an original world by the name of Cairn, with has an Victorian-esque aesthetic and technological level. It offers you the usual swords and shields but also black powder guns, bombs and magic. In this world mankind is at the brink of extinction with the event dubbed the ""Grim Dawn"" as it's cause, where the otherwordly and malevolent Aetherials and Chtonics invaded the world. The Aetherials seeking the enslavement of mankind as hosts of possession, while the Cthonics would rather mankind be wiped out, as to deny their use by the Aetherials. These two factions are enemies and will actively fight one another, in addition to humanity.The Grim Dawn led to the total collapse of the empire, leaving only scattered groups of refugees and army remnants trying desperately to safeguard their own survival. You join one of these groups in trying to secure shelter, supplies and to strike back against the invaders and Cairn native monsters threatening you. All in all, it's an interesting universe that manages to put a somewhat new spin on the overused post apocalyptic and dark fantasy settings. The story also feels much more grounded than many similar works, with the player not being a chosen one destined to save the world but is just another survivor struggling to survive. This is reflected in the quests you undertake as well, with quite a few of them simply being about securing the base needs for survival, such as drinking water, food and usable materials for clothing.Unlike most games of this style, Grim Dawn offers choices with permanent effects on the world. So for example, your choices can decide who lives and who dies as well as influence what equipment you can access. Or they can even turn another faction of humans against you, for siding with their enemies. There is a reputation system, where you earn the trust of factions by completing quests and fighting their sworn enemies, with increased trust letting you access faction unique bounty quests and a store offering equipment unique to that faction. You also accrue a negative reputation with the hostile factions, where you face stronger opposition the more of a threat you become, culminating in them sending especially strong unique enemies to deal with you. The choices and faction system feel very well integrated and can only become more interesting the further along in development the game gets. A sense of personal investment in the world makes it unique from it's genre brethren. Of course, you might make a choice that ends with an outcome that you don't like, so if that's a concern you would need to refer to a guide to make the choice you want.The game does however suffer from some unfortunate bugs, primarily a tendency to crash. This combined with rather extensive dungeons can make for a frustrating experience where you lose your progress and have to start over. The characters however do save properly though, so it's not an insurmountable chore to go through those dungeons again.There's a few performance hiccups here and there and some minor graphical bugs as well, but it is an early access title and such things are to be expected. If you can't deal with that, stay away from any and all early access titles.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Do I recommend this game? Yes.But with the reservation that it is in early access and thus not yet finished and full of bugs. If you can deal with that, buy it. If you can't, then wait.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Important note: If you have a router, to be able to host multiplayer it needs to support Upnp or be able to port forward UDP and TCP ports 27016."
,Recommended,219990,20533127,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,frevare,"Since i have played Grim Dawn, Titan Quest and Diablo 3 a LOT, here's what i think about this game:Pros:- Skill system is similar to Titan Quest and very complex, allowing you to customize your character alot. There are obvious builds just like in D3 (Pet-master, Fire-builds etc.) but you are not limited to them.- No allways-online, you can in fact play this game completely in offline mode, characters are saved on your harddrive. (similar to Titan Quest)- Many items with the same system as in TQ where rare pre- and -suffixes can occur on normal items. Also Epic and Legendary stuff (including sets and abilities granted by items)- Farming: A combination of TQ and D3, boss runs are still effective (TQ) but there are also Hero spawns in normal locations that can be lucrative (D3)- Simple Multiplayer system, you can either host a game (and others might join you, you can set a password or kick others) or you can join a game yourself (direct join to your steam-friends or browse existing hosted games)- almost no bugs, the few that are there allways get fixed ASAPThings i personally dont mind but might be important to you:- performance issues when ALOT of stuff is going on (R9 290, 16GB RAM, i7 and dropping to 20fps on high settings, can be improved by lowering the settings though)- Multiplayer MIGHT not allways work, make sure you have administrator rights when searching for games or it can crash (just like in TQ)- even though they are not popular, you might find cheaters online (since save-files are on your harddrive you can just manipulate them). In that case just host a game yourself and kick them :P- no voice acting and average grafics might scare you. but keep in mind that crate entertainment is a really small studio (""Crate Entertainment has grown from one man with a dream to a team of ten with veteran developers...."") so what they achieved is actually really impressive.Conclusion: A really good ARPG. not a tripple-A title like D3 with millions of budget, still managed to entertain me more than D3 personally. If you like these kind of games, just buy it!"
76561198008540499,Recommended,219990,19251832,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,The G-Man,You know that itch that Diablo 3 couldn't scratch?That.
,Recommended,219990,21466454,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mr. Player Six,"Disclosure: Review Written at Level 25Do you miss Diablo 2? Do you miss skill synergy that matters? Do you miss abilities not being worthless, and having options?Grim Dawn opens up an interesting school of thought: You begin as nobody, and at level 1 you're given your official class: Are you the melee tank guy? Explosive experiment guy? Arcane knowledge guy? The angry zoo manager? Pick your class and begin to carve your way. But don't lose sight of What Might Have Been.At level 10, you are able to pick up a second class. No penalities. You become a Something / Something. Want to play a Tank / Mage? Done. Want to play a Caster / Pet class? Done. Pick your flavors, combine then, and destroy everything. Right now, I'm a Soldier/Demolitionist that is made out of tank and explosion, and when things come near me they go on fire, and if they hit me they go on fire EVEN HARDER.You will get your fill."
,Recommended,219990,22510473,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Lady Zana,"I never imagined to throw faeces at enemies as a method of obliterationGame overview*Genre: aRPG, hack & slash*Avg length: ~25 hours (1 playthrough on normal)*Developer: Crate Entertainment*Publisher: Crate Entertainment*Release date: February 25th 2016*Platform: pc<<<Pros and cons>>>+ Indepth (but not overly complex) character building+ Ability to (partially) respec+ Exploration is greatly rewarded+ 3 difficulties to play through+ Faction system+ Appropriate atmosphere+ Multiplayer available+ Multiple little features to make life easier+ Insanely replayable+ Aesthetically, the game is gorgeous, but- Graphics seem a little outdated in certain places- The soundtrack is good, however repetitive at timesFull game reviewIt is almost a miracle. After about 6 years of development, Crate Entertainment'sGrim Dawnhas finally been released. A game that had been in early access on Steam for so long due to the developers experiencing some personal difficulties. Not only that, they also greatly expanded on the game's original content due to fantastic support by fans along the way. The result is a superb aRPG that is currently among the very best. Having owned and closely followed the game for about 2 years, looking at the (finally) complete game is a pure joy. Hold on tight aRPG lovers, because you're in for a most wonderful ride with this one.<<<Story>>>Enter Cairn, a dark and mysterious world that was once a great empire, but now on the brink of extinction. At fault are the overly curious arcanists who brought Aetherials into their world. These spiritual beings seek to use humans as hosts and consequently turn them into powerful, yet abhorrent creatures. If that wasn't already enough, survivors also have to battle the Chthonians: they have the malicious intent of offering as much blood as they can to their almighty god. You, the player, awaken at the worst time possible: a grim dawn. For a little while, you yourself were possessed by an aetherial and thus have no memory of your former life. This possession almost cost you your life. However, those aetherial remains dwelling inside your body seem to grant you odd, yet useful powers ...<<<Gameplay, fun factor and replayability>>>Grim Dawnis an aRPG like there are quite a few others in the genre:Torchlight, Diablo, Van Helsing, Path of Exile, Victor Vran, Titan Quest ...While each game differs and has its uniqueness, they all have the same core gameplay: run around, kill monsters, find loot. And all of that in an isometric perspective. Even though a bit repetitive in gameplay (which is no problem if you're a fan of the genre), they have great replay value, mostly due to their theorycrafting: how to create and finetune the 'perfect' build(s). In trying to do so comes a lot of experimentation and farming, which can take quite long.Unlike certain other aRPG's,Grim Dawndoes not force you into a specific class. Mages don't necessarily have to wield wands and warriors don't have to wear heavy armour and shields. Every character has access to all gear. However, you are required to invest in specific attributes in order to wear different equipment. Another feature that is quite welcome, which was present inTitan Questalso, is how the game lets you combine any of the 6 available masteries to create your personalized class (= 2 masteries combined). A first mastery can be chosen at level 2 and the second at level 10. There are so many skills that one can choose to build around, that even within the same mastery, there is a lot of room for variety. This allows for an insane amount of experimentation and theorycrafting, which is sometimes even more fun than actually playing the game!One day, Crate decided that character customization wasn't deep enough already, so they released the devotion system. What is this system exactly? It is basically another (yet smaller) layer of customization where players have a total of 50 points to invest in certain passives (e.g. +10% piercing dmg, +20% elemental resistances etc) or actives that enhance your main skills. Those actives can be bound to certain skills and will proc under various circumstances (e.g. 100% to occur when critically hitting). Devotion points can be acquired by restoring old shrines that are spread throughout the whole world and between the 3 difficulties (normal -> elite -> ultimate).Seeing the amount of customization, being able to (partially) respec is a relief. Reallocating is done by visiting the spirit guide in one of the major cities and can be done at any given time, granted you have the currency for it. It starts out pretty cheap, but can get extremely expensive for those who experiment endlessly. Both skill and devotion points can be reallocated; mastery and attribute points can not. This allows for decent experimentation, but also reminds you to choose carefully when needed.Cairn is a place full of mystery and secrets and is not afraid to reward players who feel like exploring everything. Exploration is rewarded by various things: one-time chests containing extra rare loot, hidden devotion shrines and notes. More loot is always good to have (this is an aRPG after all), devotion shrines keep your character's customization up to date and lore notes inform you of the story - which was better than expected - of Cairn.Besides the deep character customization and satisfying exploration, Grim Dawn offers other features that may interest you. The first thing that comes to mind is the 'fast travel' system. Your character can use rift portals anywhere, anytime (except in certain challenging rogue-like dungeons), which sets the game at a good pace. Don't worry about picking everything up, as you can sell it right away by teleporting back and forth. Another feature that is a nice 'extra' is the faction system: by killing certain enemies and completing certain quests, you gain reputation. This reputation allows you to buy certain goods and complete certain objectives. A last feature that is definitely more than welcome is the ability to play with up to 3 other people. There are no dedicated servers though, since the game is more single player focused. But the fact that it is there, is what counts.<<<Controls, graphics and sound>>>Like many other aRPG's, actions are mostly executed via the mouse: killing enemies, opening doors, speaking to npc's ... everything's done with the mouse, with the exception of using your skills. They are activated by pressing the corresponding keys. All keys are rebindable if desired.Graphically, the game seemed a little outdated in certain places, however, it is not too bothersome. Aesthetically on the other hand, the game is very well made and really brings that atmosphere of eeriness and desperation to life. Most animations are ok.The soundtrack was enjoyable to listen to for the first x amount of hours and certainly added to the atmosphere. However, certain tracks get replayed over and over again in way too many areas. A little bit more variation certainly wouldn't harm the game. Tracks that are most excellent are the boss tracks. They sound exciting and make the fights more epic.<<<The verdict>>>Grim Dawnis one of the finest aRPG's I have played in the last couple of years - if not my favourite of all time.Victor Vranseems a little too simplistic, whereasPath of Exilecan be overly complex. This game brings the best of two worlds together: being indepth enough without being overly complex. Therefore it is recommended to all aRPG lovers for 100%, but even regular rpg/hack & slash fans might enjoy this one, if just for 1 playthrough."
,Recommended,219990,19648662,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,wraysquared,"this is probably the best ARPG i've ever played.- coherent and in-depth lore- very unique dual class system that allows for tons of customization and all the replayability you could ever want- beautiful and well-optimized (still looks great on lowest settings and can run decently even on a toaster). the art direction is better than Torchlight/Diablo 3, kind of reminds me of the first Dungeon Siege or Diablo 2. plus, a rotatable camera allows for every detail of the environment to be admired- quests are interesting and fit perfectly with the game world (no ""collect 20 monster hides"" for no reason)- loot is abundant, and i mean really abundant especially in the higher levels- crafting is done VERY well. probably my favorite crafting system in any game.- it's still in early access and it's this good, which is awesome, especially considering the devs actually care about the playerbase and release updates regularly.GET THIS GAME--EDIT: a few extra points that add some more perspective to the game- fast travel system that allows for you to easily traverse the (considerably big) game map. there are waypoint portals you unlock after entering major areas, but you can also throw down your own portal at any time, if you're in the middle of adventuring and need to sell your loot. the personal fast travel point doesn't go away after you die, so you can also use these portals as a sort of quicksave before major battles. your custom waypoints don't save when you quit the game, though.- loot that is automatically shown can be filtered. if you don't want to see anything but legendary items, you can set it that way. if you want to see everything but the billions of common items that enemies spew forth, you can set it that way too.- NO pre-game character customization (your only choice is your gender, no appearance options)- you can respec for some money, either piecemeal or you can reset all of your skills. however, you can't change your class, the points invested your class (aka points invested in the class mastery and not class skills themselves), or your attributes (physique/cunning/spirit)."
76561197984638483,Recommended,219990,19357284,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Matthew,"Grim dawn is a deep loot driven rpg, with a unique setting, and good atmospheric graphics running on a heavily updated and improved version of the titan quest engine. If you thought that developers won't invest in this style of game again, think again. Love has gone into this.You start with a classes character, if you are a titan quest fan - you know the drill. If you do not, you start out without a class, think elder scrolls. Then you pick up an item, do some damage, and eventually you get some gear. By this point you will have leveled up and you can choose your class. Usually the player chooses something depending on what they have picked up, however you can choose something completely different and scour for items to match what you are going for.Once you level up some more, you can choose a second class. Allowing for two to coexist concurrently - also like it's father titans quest. There are large number of class combinations. I don't find that every combination is satisfying, however most are at least interesting and fun to experiment with. One issue I have with the second class choice is that they are usually targeted at a specific item combination. For example, the soldier tree has many two handed skills, whereas the rogue tree has many duel wielding. That means you won't be able to pick the major skills in either tree. Since it's wasteful to be good at a two handed weapon and duel wielding skills. Unless you hotkey weapon switching. It's far better to just invest fully in whatever items you choose. Which means you are scouring the second tree for non-weapon based skills. It's not ideal.  However almost any combination you choose will be viable. And thats good enough. At least it represents freedom. If you want you can just stick to the one class.The loot system is solid, although it lacks the ""pop you got a legendary"" sensation that diablo managed. The melee combat, while being weaker than magic, feels better due to the hitting animations being beefy feeling good on contact. This may make you want to play as a melee character even though magic is technically more damaging. A little more balance in this area would go a long way. That said, you need to take into consideration that this game still feels better to play at it's worst - than many action rpg's do at their best. It's just not quite as crunchy as diablo 3. This game's freedom of choice and depth of systems makes up for that. But clearly it would be great to have the best of all worlds. I find that visually the game can sometimes be a little bit over dark. And on certain monitors it may be an issue for players. VA panels in particular.Overall, I think this game is great. I've spent 150+ hours in the game, and have only scratched the surface. Restarting and playing new builds before I even got to the second act. That's right, that's 150 hours of build experimenting and grinding. And I loved every second of it.It's content rich. It's systems are deep. It's carefully crafted in many ways, without being as limited as diablo 3 yet not as free as sacred 2. Combat feels better than van hellsing and sacred 2, yet not as good as diablo 3. Although not that far off. And the world is more original than all of the mentioned games.9.5/10 - A master class in game development. One of the best examples of early access on the market.I'd love to see workshop support."
,Recommended,219990,19929400,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Peregrine,"Update: The game is now released, and it still doesn't suck. 10/10Early access review below:I very rarely do Early Access reviews, solely because of how quickly a good game can go wrong, and vice versa.So when I say Grim Dawn has not only met, but surpassed my expectations, I want you to get my full meaning.Long before Act 4 was finished, Grim Dawn was always a very solid and playable Early Access title. Crashes were rare, nothing felt glitchy or unfinished. You'd just hit the level cap, or hit the wall of the next unopened area.Which meant, even when there was only 1 complete Act and a couple of class choices, there was a lot of fun to be had. It stood as a testament to how the rest of the game would play, and Crate has delivered. It's been a long time coming, and I mean a solid 5 year development, but it was always consistent enough to never have felt abandoned or misled. A trait I'm finding more and more important with Early Access titles.I'm not going to compare it to other ARPGs, as I'd much rather compare it to other early access titles in general. We had notes for every patch and hotfix. Always updates on what will be in the next patch along with future updates. I am glad to have supported this game in its early days, and am excited to finally see it's release, because I can absolutely say it does not feel rushed or unfinished. Crate put the time and effort necessary for a quality release, instead of giving us a half baked game and selling us the rest later.Grim Dawn sets the bar for what we should expect from Early Access development and release. Bravo, Crate Entertainment."
,Recommended,219990,21435258,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Credge,"There are three things that matter in an ARPG. They are:Build diversityItemizationFun combatBuild diversity:The game features dual classing. I can play the exact same two classes as my buds and all of us would have a character that behaves and functions completely differently. Want to be a melee summoner? Dual wielding spell caster? Tanky totem user? Alright, we gotchu. Stuff just sort of works. Maybe not for the highest difficulty, but that's part of the fun of this game. Because playing it is actually fun.Itemization:I've gotten items for character ideas in this game I've never even thought of. I've gotten items specifically built for the character I'm playing as. A plus? They actually look pretty cool, too.Let me put it to you like this. I have a tanky totem guy who uses spells to tank and does vitality damage. There are items specifically for this. Do you understand how cool that is?Fun combat:Alright, so, let's be real here. You are going to make characters that just don't work. You'll get to a point and maybe you didn't spend enough points in to your mastery and just don't have enough health. Maybe you don't do enough damage. Maybe you just kind of walked around and made it to the final difficulty and now you're stuck. Well, you had fun doing it.And you had fun doing it because the combat is a blast. Oh, you want to shoot a laser beam at enemies? We gotchu. Want to use a shield to destroy your enemies? Hey now, I got something for you. Want to use that same skill but make it spammable and useable with two handers? Yeah dude, no problem. Want to put a bunch of mortars on the ground and run around like you would in the real world? Ayyyy, yep.This game has it all. And it's all fun.If you don't buy this game, I feel bad for you."
,Recommended,219990,19805578,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Ellenriel,"So, in the entire time that Path of Exile's extreme skill customization was a nice change to the Diablo 3 habits of hand holding style. With Diablo 3 and Path of Exile now being moreso known as the top two of these kind of games, there's in between Grim Dawn.Grim Dawn for one, has the same customizations like the old Titan Quest, you don't have any skills to start with and you have no class, you make your class by progress. What makes that so special, is that there isn't a single class to choose from, one character can specialize into two paths(You don't have to).Surely not all will be fully suitable for another, but it takes a little curve in knowing what to choose and why. Rather then a path being chosen for you, you can make yours from scratch.Along with this in terms of skill customization, the game features a nice amount of loot, along with the entire factions offering you their items for trade as well, given you are on their good side. As for the looks of the game, its like the name suggests. Its grim, dark and grimy. Nothing in this world is given to you on a silver platter, and don't think you'll be quick to make friends.Along with the nice bit of gunpowder skills and weaponary given to you, it gives another feel to the usual magic and swordplay world that is like PoE and Diablo 3, the combat is nice and beefy, strikes feel like they hit hard and enemies are plenty, either to be vaporized by magic or chopped to bits by a gaint sword.Having played this game a fair bit, I can say it bring back the old feel of Titan Quest, in a new and fresh setting, unlike the PoE and Diablo 3 universe.I can surely say, to those that enjoyed Titan Quest back in the day or want something different from the two big boys that are Path of Exile or Diablo 3 to check out Grim dawn, its not done yet, and its not perfect. But its a really nice change of pace and well done so far I can say."
,Recommended,219990,21565781,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Fisherman,"Writing with only 16h of gameplay:If you loved playing Diablo 2 as a kid (like myself), Grim Dawn is THE ARPG to buy!Just forget about Torchlight (and all the b@#$%&t about it saying it was made by the same team from Diablo 2).And forget about Diablo 3+ (and all the b@#$%&t about it saying it's the successor for Diablo 2).And go ahead and buy Grim Dawn.Here's why:I played both Torchlight and Diablo 3 (and PoE and Titan Quest), and they won't even come close to make me feel like I'm back in my teens playing Diablo 2 with my friends.Grim Dawn does it!All the ambience, the sound tracks, the atmosphere, the theme. All the darkness, the condemned world, the shading, the monsters, the bosses. All the item hunting, the items themselves, the skill trees, the character evolution. They all feel very much like Diablo, WAY MORE than Torchlight and Diablo 3 (and Path of Exile and Titan Quest and ... ).Sometimes when I'm playing I get this strong feeling thatI'm finally playing a true new DiabloSometimes I get the same feeling I get when exploring a dark, hellish dungeon from Diablo 2.I strongly recommend this game if you like Diablo 2, and I want to sayThank you so much dev team for making this game! This is like a dream coming true for me. This is the Diablo sequence I was waiting and hoping for."
76561198066253605,Recommended,219990,26034212,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,SABINA,"*12-20-16 edit at bottomI recommend this title, only to true ARPG fans, with some very strong caveats. While I have had a lot of fun (and frustration) playing Grim Dawn, it's unforgivable weakness is in its late game balance.Obviously GD draws a lot of comparisons to Diablo 2 and 3. While it is better in some regards, worse in others, as those titles, it simply does not have their longevity. I've clocked in just over 2,000 hours in Diablo 3. I have around 10% that time in GD, and I feel that I've taken it as far as I can go.First, what is not as good as D2 and D3, as well as some other ARPGs: Loot and balancing.I have ran 4 different builds to the point I simply couldn't get any further. The difficulty settings of D3 is what allows for endless gameplay. In GD you start on Normal (with an optional Veteran difficulty that I honestly could not tell the difference except that there was less loot), then unlock Epic after completing the campaign, then unlock Ultimate after completing it on Epic. That's it, 3 difficulties, 3 times through the campaign, done. With level cap at 85, and no further options to continue playing, the game basically stops itself. However, of my 4 different builds, only one made it to the bitter end. And this is what I'm talking about balance here. What makes Epic and Ultimate more difficult is primarily the reduction of your resistances. So basically, you just die more often, xp becomes a grind, common minions often one-hit you out of nowhere, and some bosses (the trapped-in-a-box, no-retreat bosses) are simply unbeatable without the right build and very specific resistances. All that wouldn't be so bad, IF the game's claim that more difficult = better loot. But in over 200 hours of playing, I can tell you that it's just not true. If anything, I consistently got less good loot, but lots more junk loot. In every case, I was using the same equipment for 20 or more levels at a time for lack of getting anything better. Obviously, this is untenable when the monsters level with you. And the best gear I had was purchased, not looted. Over the course of 4 builds to Ultimate, up to levels 65 and 75 on average, I accumulated a sum total of 9 Legendary items, mostly unusable because of high requirements, or simply not as good as the epic items I already had from 20 levels ago. What this means is that I got rich, with just over 3 million iron bits on my final character, but with nothing  worthwhile to spend it on. So yes, GD is miserly with the good loot. Not a good feature when we all know that ARPGs are all about the loot. Even after the latest patch, I did a test run from middle to late Ultimate, and only got one legendary; the same gun that the Warden drops every time. Well I already had 3, thanks anyway. One could put the loot, or lack thereof, down to bad luck, but after 4 playthroughs, I can reasonably claim it's the system.Now, what makes GD better than D3: Character builds and skills.In D3 you get what you get as far as skills, they will be the same skills every time, they unlock at certain levels and at higher levels you can choose between them. That's it. This is the weakest point of D3. It sucks. GD has taken a step back with skills, more in line with D2, and allowed you to choose skills, then build on those preferred skills. And the passive skill tree is actually a constellation of skills that unlock new abilities or new attributes that you can then attach to whatever skill you prefer. This system allows for a high level of customization and control in your build, and is where GD really shines. The innovation of dual-class hybridization exponentially expands on the possibilities. Other good qualities are the lore, which is enough to keep you reading the notes, and the faction system. Factions are probably the best innovation to set GD apart from others in the genre.One other detractor worth mentioning: Performance.Even on lower settings, with reduced resolution, I constantly got lags and hitches, little micro-freezes. The gameworld is graphically nice, nothing extreme, so I think the problem is with distant LODs. It's as if the engine is trying to render too much at full detail, even long distance views and off-screen terrain. And shadow rendering seems to be glitched. They only look normal on higher settings. At medium and lower settings, the shadows glitch in a frenzied flashing of black triangles. Also, the game almost always freezes on exit, requiring alt-tab-del and a system reboot. This is extremely irritating and almost unforgivable in modern games.In summary, Grim Dawn is a ton of fun for the true ARPG fan. Just trying out the different builds and hybrid classes is what makes it worthwhile. However, the miserly loot system and terrible late game balance gives it a short shelf life. My hours in GD had many frustrating moments where I nearly quit for good. But the character options kept me coming back to try again... with the same results. Certainly, D3 had a much bigger budget and amounts to pure candy for the ARPG fan, while GD is grittier, tougher, less rewarding. D3 has longevity, you can literally play forever. But GD got the most crucial part right that D3 got wrong; the role-playing. And that has made it worth playing.*12-20-16 Edit: With recent updates addressing some of the issues I originally wrote about in this review, namely late game balance, I felt it warranted an edit. They have increased resistance buffs almost across the board for epics, making late game progression much more balanced and viable for a variety of builds. There have been many other improvements, but I felt this was the most significant.CrateGames has continued to update and improve this game, with more on the way, including two new classes, presumably in a free update. This kind of dedication to their game sets them apart and could very well make Grim Dawn my favorite ARPG of all time."
76561197970359814,Recommended,219990,13185489,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,maegae.bachmann,"I was and I still am a huge fan of Titan Quest. Grim dawn has exceeded my expectations by miles so far. I like the graphics, I like gameplay and I like the way you can improve gear by using collectable items. Gameplay is great, resources are not too scarce but its still a challenge. I just love it!Yeah, progress is slow, the game is still in early access state. That's because developers resources are low and mostly because they are doing it right instead of releasing a half baked thing. Where I live we use to say ""do it right, or it's not worth to be done.""You guys seem to do it just perfectly, keep on doing so well! And don't listen to the voices of impatient kids, they know nothing about hard work...After playing another 80 hours I have to say that it's getting even better. I have played around with several builds and it has not become boring yet. New Items with incredible stats and abilities keep popping up from time to time, which then inspire me to make some new builds.The faction system and the long promised changes that devotion will bring seem to add some additional depth to the game as well as some new goals. Which means it's going to cost me even more of my lifetime... :)"
76561198128157661,Recommended,219990,30344864,Posted: 5 March,all,ronendreola,I can't think of anything to say that my 1200+ hours playing hasn't said already.
76561197999639519,Recommended,219990,20819668,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Madman,"Hello. I rarely review.  40 year old gamer here.  Been gaming my whole life...TT and PC.  This is without a doubt the greatest RPG/ARPG I have ever experienced.  186.6 hours of play time later, I am still amazed at this masterpiece.  It may be the best PC game ever made...but I will stick with best RPG.  Seriously, the designers of this game have truly just created a work of art.  That is all.  Buy this game, play it to death and then play it more."
76561197971988605,Recommended,219990,21577192,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,MyNizzle,This is one of those games where you can just feel that the developers poured thier heart and soul into its creation.  Solid from start to finish and challenging on the ultimate difficulty.  Skills are fun to use and the multiclass system adds additional depth to character creation.  If you enjoyed Titan Quest or Diablo 2 I would highly recommend that you check out Grim Dawn.
,Recommended,219990,21770158,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Ceylon Tea,"One of the best early access games I purchased. I love the world, graphics, combat, and skill trees. If you enjoy these types of games, you know how satisfying it is to think of a build and go for it, only to see it work better than expected. Good stuff.  In my opinion this is better than Van helsing series and Diablo 3,.. As of others have said, this is closer to Diablo 2 and what Diablo3 should have been. Also, you can play offline and online if you choose."
,Recommended,219990,25679820,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,MassDebates,"MassDebates New Game Log - Grim DawnStart of Day 1:Saw an advertisement today and figured I'd buy this game to try it out for 2 hours. Looked like a new Diablo 2, but I knew not to get my hopes up too much after what happened with Diablo 3.  I'll log my thoughts occasionally as I play, so you can see a time-based breakdown and you know where the game is good & bad.2:44PM-It looks pretty good. Graphics are nice; High contrast but I don't feel like I'm on acid (like some games)2:56PM-Enjoying combat gameplay and found skill window hotkey. Really cool hybrid skill system. Must explore later.3:02PM-I FOUND 3 RARE YELLOW ITEMS! BEFORE MY FIRST MAGIC! OMFG! LOOKING UP KEYBIND FOR INVENTORY NOW!3:03PM-Discovered Inventory Hotkey. Items weren't rare. Angered, but still an awesome game. I'll get awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥later!3:09PM-Had to stop gameplay to log a note. The plot is very well done. Story has got excellent writing elements, the characters really work well, and the lore is enoyable to read. I legit feel like I'm a savior to these people! No water, no food, evryone's turning into a total♥♥♥♥♥♥covered in evil green stuff... they were totally screwed before I came around. Great job, devs!3:12PM-Found my first Enemy Hero. Luckily, I've got leech life for days. He looks tough, but I think I can take him!3:15PM-DESTROYED HERO WHO EXPLODED IN A SLEW OF GREEN SET ITEMS- CANT WAIT TO SEE IF ANY MATCH!!!3:16PM-Unfortunately, my gamer mouse seemed to have spontaneously crushed itself. Strange... Shooting over to the store for another.Oh, and minor, unrelated side note: Greens arenotset items, apparently.3:36PM-I've returned with a new mouse with metal-reinforced plastic and have resumed savior duties.3:42PM-Discovered Devotion Menu after restoring first shrine. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game's character building has got some serious kick!5:18PM-Sorry, Haven't logged lately. Uh, games great and whatever. Hold on, I'll log some of the plot after I clear this Wasp Nest I found. I'm really close to getting a poison mod for shadow rush!9:57PM-Uh... totally would tell you the plot but that's a lot of writing. Really in depth though, it's awesome. Better then reading a book ever could be. I need to head to bed soon, so I'll port to town, sell my latest loot, and continue logging tomorrow.4:02AM-Ported to town and sold my loot. Sure, it was about 5 hours ago, but I said I'd continue reporting the day after, didn't I? This is for you, Steam Community. Remember that.4:18AM-Discovered bounty table. Amazing feature for a game. Diablo needed this. Stepping outside for a smoke real quick after I port to town. It's that time, after all, and I gotta keep up with my Diablo 2 Tradition!4:32AM-A bit late; stepping out for a smoke break real quick after I grab that chest I saw. (No room in inventory)4:35AM-Collected chest items. Selling loot and thenfinallygetting a smoke break. Nobody is ever on time for 420 anyways.5:41AM-I've given up smoking. It is a dirty habit that takes away from the important matters in life.8:04AM-Called in sick for work- illness is too great, especially with this reduced resistance curse on me right now.12:21PM-Wow, did you know how much better the crafting is in this than DIablo 2? Horadric cube was bomb, don't get me wrong, but man, components, augments, rituals, and powders?GIMMY MY GRIMMY,Puh-LEEZ!1:11PM-Girlfriend called me 4 times in a row. Can't she see that she only has to wait until I'm done with the mob I'm fighting!? At any rate, I'm super psyched- She's cooking my favorite cut of steak for dinner tonight at 5:00PM!! She also told me my parents were trying to get a hold of me since 3PM yesterday and haven't seen me.3:21PM-I've quelled all immediate threats of danger for an entire town. When they were starving and eating rations of rotten, corrupt meat, I've given them food and the gift of fertile farmland. When they were too thirsty to sweat, I've demolished a river blockade and allowed irrigated water to flow. When they felt unsafe, I provided security. I've personally saved over 40% of this town single-handedly, sometimes repeatedly for the same villagers. and just now, when I find 3 pieces of some♥♥♥♥♥♥stained fabric handkercheifs in some hazardous-as-♥♥♥♥ ruins (because, y'know, fabric isn't anywhere else, apparently) after 15 minutes of searching, I finally gain enough trust to be treated as ""Friendly"".Ungrateful ♥♥♥♥♥..3:44PM-Found a new town. Cleaned up some worms out of a Farm. Very grateful people. I like 'Homestead' a lot more.5:28PM-Girlfriend is furious, says that I lied to her about demonic forces taking over the local area and that I'm no longer invited over for dinner because she threw mine out after eating. After hearing Constance's voice while on the phone with me, she remains convinced that I'm hiding another woman on her. I said, ""Nonsense. She's a school teacher. I like my women promiscuous and sultry"". She hung up immediately after that while saying ""We're Done"". Why didn't she beleive me!?  I'll smooth it over with her tomorrow.5:29PM-Phone died, but I'll plug it in to charge soon.5:41PM-I've gotten up for the first time since playing to switch out the bathroom bags and grab the rest of my Mountain Dew & Dorito rations from downstairs Forgot to plug in the phone, but I'll get it on the next stand-up.7:21PM-I've stepped foot onto the wastelands known as the 'Obsidian Throne' in my quests and my ambitions for amazing gear. This is one of the coolest areas so far. A whole new dimension, and better than Hell's Sanctuary was.7:24PM-Girlfriend busted my room's door in while screaming about all sorts of stuff. She seems really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥7:26PM-Just got to 2nd level of Cthonic Rift Portal, and got my first summon (from Devotion's Grim Reaper). I've mentally decided that I'm going to explore the Shaman and Occultist characters after I'm done with this one.7:52PM-Girlfriend storms out saying ""I give up. I'm not even going to try. Tell your Mom I said thanks for the flowers, because I'm leavning for good."" and throws a vase at the wall. Even though it amazingly landed face up, unspilled and unbroken, it was still totally uncalled for.11:59PM-I'm out of Mountain Dew, but I have plenty of Doritos left. If it were the other way around, I'd be really annoyed by seeing ""Untouched Meal"" every 5 minutes.1:22AM-I'm now out of doritos, but there's still at least a half-cup of water left in the flower vase. I should be good to go for a while before I go downstairs to refill it.2:44AM-The police have arrived at my place and are forcing me to shut off the computer before they take me in. I told them I didn't do anything wrong, that I have an alibi, and that it's all even logged right here! They gave me some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t about a 'missing person' and that they have to bring me in for Fingerprints to make sure they know whether or not I'm 'the guy'.♥♥♥♥ing idiots... I wasn't missing. I knew where I was the whole time..#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorPlease, if you value your life, do not get this game.I've been released after treatment for malnourishment, video game dependence-based anxiety, hallucinations, and an inability to separate fantasy from games. My gf and family have left me.I'm so alone....Update: Found multiplayer"
,Recommended,219990,30070046,Posted: 20 February,all,ArtificialRaven,"Grim Dawn is a top-down Action Role Playing Game. I would have said Isometric if the camera wasn't adjustable though. With many similar gameplay elements to THQ's Titan Quest, the game has its own distinct art style and unique flair with plenty of modern day ARPG improvements. As I mentioned, this game is a great spiritual successor to Titan Quest and although it's a little slower paced than...say...Diablo 3, I'd say the rewards and overall character progression feels much more satisfying. At the time of this review I'd still say this game and Path of Exile are the two best ARPGs out there right now and I've played them all except an obscure few. Difficulty progression is along the lines of Diablo 2. Where you start at normal difficulty, complete it and redo the whole story again in the next difficulty tier and so until a 3rd, final playthrough. You can also enable a veteran difficulty option that makes your current playthrough even tougher.Let's get the bad out of the way first. The multiplayer can break your character if you're not careful, unless they've fixed this since this happened to me and my friend. If the host is further along in the game than the friend you invite, it will break your friends' quests and replace them with yours, making it possible to skip everything they haven't done yet and miss important NPCs and quest items with no way to return things to normal other than starting over. But as long as you stick together with fresh toons on the same quests throughout your playthrough, you'll be fine.The story is okay, it feels like it drags on at times but it is well told and thought out. With dozens and dozens (hundreds?) of NPCs to interact with as well as a few plot altering choices along the way, Grim Dawn manages to stay fresh up until the very end. Compound that with an amazing variety of multi-class options and skill selection mixed with all types of weapons and armor to supplement your playstyle, it's a joy to play. And hey, if you screw up your skill placement there's always an NPC that can fix that....for a price. There's also an added feature called Devotion, whose points are earned from shrines scattered throughout the game and can be used to further solidify your position as a walking weapon of mass destruction.Speaking of NPCs there are blacksmiths that will craft items from blueprints, faction based shops that will sell you items based on how friendly you are to the different factions in the area. A respec NPC, a few different types of item merchants and even a bounty system. There are tons of sidequests to be found along the path and given by NPCs.The music, sound effects and ambient noises mix well with the game's ""grim"" atmosphere. Everything fits together nicely. If you're interested I suggest looking up the Grim Dawn OST on youtube at the very least.More content is still being added, which is great. There will be an Illusionist NPC that lets you transmogrify equipment to look like other equipment you've found, much like Diablo 3's Mystic. An expansion on the way and there's already some extra dungeons and events like the Crucible that have been added over time too. Even for the full price I still think this game is worth it. I recommend it, highly. One of my all-time favorite ARPGs."
76561198023765130,Recommended,219990,21834870,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Drioras,"I am a great fan of the diablo series, but this game feels like how diablo 3 should feel.You start off in some small city and from the first moment in, I felt it to be ''just right''. Even when they used the same engine as Titan Quest, the graphics in this game looks amazing and stunning.Its like the developers didnt want ANY place in this game to look like it has been created on a hurry. Every single bit of environment you encounter looks just right. The trees, the little abandoned cottages, the looks of mobs. As far as I have played, which isnt that much yet, even the most outlying places looks great.I am a fan of multiplayer, and the way this games handles the ''drop-in'' and ''drop-out'' of multiplayer works like a charm. Indeed, they dont support their own servers for multiplayer, but they did an awesome job here. No port forwarding needed. Just enter if you would like to play single player, multiplayer using LAN or INTERNET, or joining one of those. Everyone with a decent connection should not have any problems with this game playing over either Lan or Internet.The dept of this game overall is amazing. The skilltrees, the devotion points (Points that can be acquired through shrines around the world), the dual specialization, the different classes. The blacksmith who can craft amazing and lots of items and add-ons for your character. The shared stash tab, so you can share items between other characters instantly.Although Grimdawn is an ARPG, the different playstyles you can combine with or without friends feels so good. I have played a lot of RPG's and ARPG's before, but Grimdawn feels like something ''new''. Not the standard hack and slash experience, but something feels different in this game. All the variation in it makes it so great. You even have an option to turn your camera around, so if you're bored with this game (I cant image why), you could turn the camera 180 degrees and its like you're playing a whole new world!Would I recommend this game?Well definitely I will!And that for only 25 euro's? Thats amazing!"
,Recommended,219990,21510492,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Royial20 [TURBO],"Grim Dawn Video Review!Full Review BelowHover to see my verdict-->Double Thumbs Up from Royial!Grim Dawn, a spiritual successor toTitan Quest(check that out if you haven't already)a new standard forARPGsbyCrate Entertainment, better thanPath of Exiles,Torchlight 2, andWAYbetter thanDiablo III.Full character customizationMix 6 different classes for different play-stylesExplore a HUGE worldCraftGain reputation with several factionsReap great rewards and fight big bossesThe world ofCairnis gritty and dark, with interesting lore that definitely is inspired fromLovecraftand music that reminds me of the good old days ofDiabloandDiablo II.All in all my new standard for allARPGs,Path of Exilesis a greatARPG,Torchlight 2is a goodARPG,Diablo IIIis not a funARPG, for me,Grim Dawnhas everything and then some that all of these other titles don't have, and for that reason alone its worth the purchase.Need another reason? Its only$24.99USD, that is what I like to see on PC gaming, great games and great prices.Support these guys now! And thank youCrate Entertainment!-Double Thumbs Up from Royial!Edit: Thanks all of you who vote, I appreciate it a lot!Edit 2: Be sure to nominate Grim Dawn for the Steam Awards, it seriously deserves a spotlight!"
76561198040600191,Recommended,219990,21427601,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,skinney43147,"530 hours into this game...I feel like i owe the team at Crate more than $25 for that many hours of awesome build defining,  loot-filled entertainment. Thank you guys for all of your hard work!! You created gold here"
,Recommended,219990,7729855,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,|Kila|¹ Castamere,"After 30+ hours of playing the first act i'm still having loads of fun! Plenty of replayability due to experimenting with different character builds, tactics, and the awesome dual class system. From what i've seen in act 1, the difficulty is good: A gimped character will die alot, as well as players rushing head long into the fray. Graphics are awesome, although carts on fire still eat up all my frame rates...Definitily buy this game if you are a fan of TQ, or if D3 wasn't enough to satisfy your hunger."
76561198026648717,Recommended,219990,18247778,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,[OCN] BankaiKiller,"If you are an action RPG  Lover, then the hours I have put into grimdawn should tell you enough :)"
,Recommended,219990,21467735,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Grimz,"With nearly 400 hours played, and being old enough to play Diablo 2 when it first came out, this brings back memories like you cannot believe.I would recommend 100% for any ARPG lovers out there... Only good things to come in the future.Very much worth the $30 CAD on the game, better than any ""Popular"" game in the RPG genre"
,Recommended,219990,9658223,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Lord Adoria,"Holy S.h.i.t !   It´s not very professional to start a review like that but I really had to do this. I played Diablo 2 Classic Ladder on Closed Battlenet for like 10 years and I could´nt wait for Diablo 3. STOP. It was an Epic Fail for me, so i began to search and search for a ""better Diablo 3"" and i played games like Torchlight 2, Path of Exile and Others. Then I ´ve heard about Grim Dawn and I was like ""that sounds very promising to me"" Some months later I found it here on Steam and I was like ""Its an instant buy, you cant go wrong with that!"". STOP. After the first 5 minutes the game totally got me. Just like Diablo 2 did, years ago. The atmosphere is wonderful and dark, graphics are nice but not kick a.s.s, Sounds are also very dark and just fitting. The Skilltrees are the way they had to be in Diablo 3 and the whole itemsystem with blueprints (not yet working though!) is really motivating and interesting. So far I´ve played 70 hours, testing alot of nice builds, checking out fix ideas and such on this ALPHA on GREENLIGHT, which gave me TONS more fun than Diablo3 ever did. So to come to a conclusion: you CANNOT make anything wrong with this game, IF you are into A-RPG at all."
76561198026705042,Recommended,219990,25485388,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,𝓝𝓪𝓪𝓻𝓲𝓼,"Grim Dawnhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=759054518At the moment of this review I have played for 119 hours. Previously I have played to Diablo (I,II) Torchlight II, Path of Exile and Van Helsing II and this genre of game is not my favorite.This game has been in steam early access for a time, and the players feedback and testing were used to improve the game to the version that we can play today.Do I think this game is good and can I recommend it?YES, absolutely.I bought it on steam sale, but believe me, this game is worth at full price.A few words about this game? DIABLO 2+TITAN QUEST+PATH OF EXILE= GRIM DAWN.Is the game alive? Yes. Average of 4000 players/daySteam database sourcehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=760084435Graphics:This game has a dark-gore-Victorian ambience that, personally, I love. All the decoration, the colors, the houses, roads, each cave, the entire map makes you feel that ambience. About that, the scenarios are not randomly generated, each map is almost the same each time you start a game: rocks, bodies, some enemies will change their position, but the maps don't change. And ""that"" is something really GOOD. Why? If you have been playing to torchlight or diablo, each dungeon are random each time you enter. But it lacks of personality. Here, you will find secret areas, secret caves, which don't appear in the map, are hidden from the sight, sometimes you need to find a secret lever to open the entrance. There are hidden areas, which you will unlock with some explosive help, runes or... well, I won't tell you all the secrets. There are letters and books that will teach you the story of Cairn, or simply a love letter from a dead body to his loved and beside that, the ambience, because here you feel the love that their creators invested everywhere, with little details like a tree, a clock, a sewer, the office of a doctor, the lair of a thief...You will think that you know a zone perfectly, but you will find secrets that you didn't notice that were there before, and THAT is surprising in this kind of games.The isometric view is correct, much more better than others like path of exile. The shadows, textures, details etc... excellent (for a game like this, don't compare it with Doom)Spells and attack effects? Really good. Fire and ice, venom, caos, guns, temblors... Just watch a gameplay and you will see it.Music:Do you remember Diablo 2 themes? Some tracks of Grim Dawn makes me remember those moments where I was following to the vagabond ""east, always to the east"". The atmosphere that the music makes, it's the right balance to this kind of games where you start to walk and your goal is to arrive to a point smashing and murdering everything in front of you.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=760278131Story:You begin your steps as the only man/woman that has been able to survive to the possession of a form of life from another dimension, the aetherial. Soon you will know more about this invasion from another world, that has upside down your world, from a prosperous empire to the actual moment, where humanity hardly survive fighting against the aetherial, their puppets, and their rivals, which are not your friends either. That has give you a reason to fight back and maybe you have become into the last hope of humanity.How much time to finish the main quest?More or less 40 hours. Depends if you like your class from the beginning. In my case, I played a conjurer to level 48 and liked it a lot but tried a warlock and I prefer it, so I have finished the game in normal with this one.Gameplay:Just... perfect. In other Action rpg games you lost your objective, and soon you feel like a monkey smashing the same button to kill hundreds of enemies. Grim Dawn with its two classes build style, allows you to search the way you want to play, for fun. At level 1 you will choose your class, at level 10 you will be able to choose an additional class. So, If you are soldier + arcanist you are a Battlemage, sword plus magic. But if you are soldier + demolitionist your are a Commando, sword plus guns. Each class can be played in a lot of ways and if you are interested, I recommend you to visit this forum, where you will find massive information about the different classes and possible builds, guides, gameplay videos... so you can see if that class is the character you will like to play.Build ComendiumNegative point:* There's no way to hide the HUD. Max you can do is to downsampling, change to minimal hud scale, hide the map and quest log. Crop and paste that shot.Besides, If you want to take a shot from another angle, you have to use a mod that allows you to move up and down the camera. That shows you that there's no sky, literally. The sky is black and the roof does not exist. No need to be there because you only play with isometric view xD* Sometimes when you exit the game, it doesn't, and you get a black screen. In my case, this happened when I used spanish language patch.* If you want to craft, you have first: get the blueprint (the recipe) then you have to craft the different materials but someones have a very low drop rate from mobs. This can get you mad but if you like this... it's not a negative point."
,Recommended,219990,17036295,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,the8anarchist88,"After nearly 500 hours of early access playtime I feel i should weigh in on Grim Dawn. Also at 491 hours and rising it should tell you i've enjoyed this game greatly, and have paid for two other copies that i gave to my brother and a friend. Now lets get to the actual Review.Grim Dawn as a game does not hold your hand, in quests you are told to seek out something or someone at a location, after that you are left on your own to search for your objective, only once you get near your objective(about near the edge of your screen) does a marker show up. This encourages exploration of areas in full and i also reccomend that you fully explore an area there are many secrets in the game to be found, from loot, to quests, to bosses that may or may not kill your character when you first meet them.The world is also not sectioned off like say as it was in Titan Quest or Diablo, it is instead one continous worldspace, akin to Sacred, some complain about this giving the games world areas too similar to one another, i personally enjoy this as it creates a more cohesive world.As for the games story, i find it enjoyable enough, when you start the game your character was to be hung at the gallows for being possessed by an Aetherial spirit, said spirit abandons ship before it dies with you, you're cut down, then asked if you want to stay you need to earn your keep by assisting the settlement of Devils Crossing, i wont spoil much more, but another thing i would like to address about the games story is that some NPC's you meet arent helpless sods needing rescue, bar some casses. theres quite a few times in the game where you find the odd NPC camped out somewhere surrounded by slain monsters, I find this a refreshing change of pace compaired to other ARPGs. Lastly much of Grim Dawn's history, backstory, and lore are found via notes scattered throughout the world, some are journals from before the game, others history of the world, or just the odd bit of why a particular foe is with a faction. Again encouraing more exploration of the world.Now to the meat and bones of any ARPG, Character customiztion, progression and loot. Lets start with the Masteries, in Grim Dawn there are 5(and a 6th coming in the next build, Build 27) Masteries, Soldier, Demolitionist, Occultist, Nightblade, and Arcanist, and soon to be the Shaman.the Soldier is your melee specialist,  hearty and strong, a robust choice for someone new to grim dawn.The Demolitionist is all about explosions and fire. Like seeing the world burn? then this is the mastery for you.The Occultist Focuses on debuffs, pets, and debilitating attack spells. command minions to maul your foes or debilitate them with vile curses.The Nightblade is your melee dual wielder, focusing on speed, and very fast attacks, want to shred your enemies into ribbons? chose the nightbladeThe Arcanist is a pure spellcaster  that rains down destruction and devastation. the glass cannon of the gameEach of these masteries can be combined with another to create a dual class, covering one masteries weakness or bolstering anothers strengths. in my opinion this lends the game a great deal of replay value because i am the kind of person who will explore all avenues of play. with the varied skill pool of a single mastery there are quite a few dual class combinations you can take advantage of and explore different playstyles.The loot in Grim Dawn is quite good, the qualities ranging from White(basic), Yellow(magic), Green(rare or rare monster infrequent), Blue(epic) and Purple(Legendary, not yet in the game). Curiously magic rare and epic are competative, in some character builds a good yellow might be all you need to properly outfit an equipment slot,  while another can get by with some basic epic items, or builds looking to gear in all rare equipment. there are a number of affixes to suit any and all builds, as well as epics.There is also a Faction system in Grim Dawn, there are many groups you can aid, and many you can anger. Increasing your standing with friendly factions allows you access to their equipment and augments. these augments offer additional bonuses to your items and can be worth the effort to obtain access to them. Conversely further angering hostile factions makes them send more dangerous enemies at each threshold, culminating in the chance to encounter a Nemesis, a random boss linked to the faction you angered. these nemesis bosses while rare drop incredible loot, and assure an epic from their defeat, and once they are in the game, an increased chance of legendary drops.this last section I am going to adress some deal breakers: Many ask ""will there be secure servers?"" at this time there are no plans for such, it is however under consideration if Grim Dawn sells enough to pay for the required infrastructure and personel to maintain them. Tying into that, Grim Dawns files are all stored locally, every game file and every save file is on your hard drive, to those with the ability to edit and modify them, they can. this leads to seeing some oddities in multiplayer games, like players exceeding the current set level cap, items that are unobtainable legitamately, and stats that are likewise impossible. Grim Dawn is going to be moddable, this is why the games files are on our hard drives, so that once we have the mod tools we can edit the files as we please. Lastly while there is PvP, it is not the focus of the game and is not balanced accordingly, in fact most pvp matches tend to be whoever gets hit first dies. Grim dawn is primarily PvE and will remain as such.To close this out, if you want an ARPG that offers very deep character customization and itemization and great gameplay and atmosphere then this game is for you. If you want a secure multiplayer experience away from what you would consider cheaters this might not be your cup of tea.thank you for reading my long as hell review.see the full version on the forums here:http://www.grimdawn.com/forums/showthread.php?p=249496#post249496"
,Recommended,219990,22736665,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Wolfen,"TITAN QUEST 2.0After 550 hours of playing Grim Dawn, I think it is time to write up my review.So, what is Grim Dawn? The short answer is that it is ""Titan Quest"" 2.0. The long answer is that Grim Dawn is an ARPG from Crate Entertainment. The game takes places in the world of Cairn, where it is basically destroyed by 2 supernatural warring factions (Chthonians & Aetherials). The Chthonians seeks to rid the world of all humans, while the Aetherials seeks to possess the humans and use them for their own gains. You are the survivor of one of those “possessions” and this is where you begin your adventures.The game has some great features (PROS) and not so great features (CONS), which I will be detailing below.In terms of greatness / Pros:6 core classes with the ability to select a 2nd class (at level 10) to further customize your character. (various character builds)Lots of customization for different playstyles & characters, including the Devotion system.Crafting systems is really cool, especially once you start collecting the difference recipes.Multiplayer is fun once you get a session started and are in a good group of players.Offline play / no “always online"" requirement to play the game.Modding Tools.Dev updates (aka: Grim Misadventure).Dark but beautiful world (dead bodies everywhere).In terms of lackluster/ Cons:Multiplayer can be frustrating as the connection can be subpar & some games are laggy.Graphic performance is underwhelming in some areas of the game. (i.e. Plains of Strife, where I get ca. 30 fps on a 980ti)Melee characters have a harder time, compared to magic / ranged based characters.Can get boring running through the same levels with different characters as there are no Pre-Generated levels/dungeons and depending on the player, the end game can be lacking.No “secret passage” like in TQ IT ;)This was a secret area in TQ: IT, where the bosses were named after the developers.  I am also aware of Dalia's SUPER SECRET QUEST, but for me it is not the sameConclusionGrim dawn is the spiritual successor to Titan Quest. They took the best of the core elements from TQ and improved upon them while adding new features (i.e. Devotions).In the end it is a worthy buy and I would recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a great ARPG set in a dark atmosphere.**********************SIDE NOTE:Another aspect, which I find interesting is that the developers have already stated that they are working on a survival mode and there is already an expansion planned for the future. This level of support for the customer is really nice to see and they are continuing with small updated to the game (i.e. patch 1.03 - Devotion changes)"
76561198129550235,Recommended,219990,20821489,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,codischibz,"When I was a wee lad, I had an addiction to Diablo 2.  Sure, other games would find their way on to my 500 MB HDD, but they were just visiting.  That's where D2 lived.I waited 13+ years to Diablo 3 and, well, we all know what happened there.  I was left without a new ARPG that could scratch that itch.Then stumbled upon Grim Dawn.  It scratched.The visuals are stunning and gritty.  The atmophere is oppressive yet relaxing.  Hit detection is perfect.  Balancing seems on point.  Classes look and feel unique.  Skills are inventive and beautiful to execute.  Loot is expansive. Mechanics are sound.  MP community is wonderful.  Story is awesome.  Etc., Etc., Etc.Serioulsy, if you're like me and haven't been able to find that ARPG that satisfies that craving, this is it.10/10"
,Recommended,219990,23639556,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Higar von Peonik,"Think about a post apocalyptic world, but not the usual ""Mad max"" or ""Fallout"" ones. More the ""Diablo won this one"".Take basic archetypes. Mage, Druid, Warrior ... And mix them as you want !Finish the game once. That was tough ? YOU KNOW NOTHING JOHN SNOW !This game truly shines when you start looking at the depth of its gameplay and possibilities. Each dual archetype have multiple builds. Some are very laid back (hello Occultist summoner build, aka ""Pokemon master build"") some are way more active and hard to master.Another big plus ? MODS !Another thing ? Additional content with free update !Trust me, an anonymous stranger in the crowd. It's a ""Good ol' game like we don't get anymo'e"""
76561198005852941,Recommended,219990,30657800,Posted: 21 March,all,SynCaine,"Since the release of Diablo 2, way back in the year 2000, basically every ARPG has been trying to be Diablo 3, yet none have truly succeeded, not even the actual Diablo 3. I'm not going to go so far as to say Grim Dawn is the 'real' Diablo 3, but its the closest an ARPG has come IMO.For starters, Grim Dawn (GD) has just about everything you would expect. Multiple classes, the ability to mix classes, an additional alternate advancement system, lots and lots of loot in different color flavors, and hordes of various enemies and bosses to slay. You can play solo, or with up to 4 others, and you can even enable PvP if you so choose.Perhaps its one outstanding difference is that the maps aren't randomly generated (for the main campaign, you can play custom maps, though I haven't explored that option), which initially felt odd until I just got over it and realized fully hand-crafted maps look better and are more logical than what even a good random generator can do. Will that hold up through multiple playthroughs? Not likely, but I've never been a huge fan of grinding an ARPG over and over again anyway.The graphics are very serviceable. They won't blow you away, but they also don't feel cheap, and there are some nice lighting effects and the overall style is a slightly different take on the traditional fantasy doom world full of zombies and other creatures. Same for the sound, which includes a bit of voice acting; its not top-notch, but once you get into the game you find that it all fits and works well-enough. The game runs well and I've only seen it crash once (on my wife's computers during multiplayer).The pace is good, and main storyline so far has been interesting (mostly told through lore text items you find), and I've liked every area I've seen so far. And since the maps aren't random, they all connect in a logical manner that gives the world of GD a more... worldly feel rather than just randomly connected zones. I think that last part is one of the major reasons I'm really like GD too; it has a better sense of progress as you uncover more of the world and the problems facing it.I also like that you aren't bombarded with abilities. Or rather, you have that option, as its very easy to focus-in on a few abilities that sound interesting and skip others during the leveling process. You can go so far as to only unlock and upgrade your auto-attack and passives/buffs, which means less button pushing but without gimping yourself. Again perhaps more min/maxing is needed at the highest difficulty, but for an initial run, that flexibility is there.GD is also pretty flexible in other areas too. You can undo spent skill points for a small cost, and many skills aren't exclusive to one type of weapon. So for example an auto-attack modifier will work whether you are using a 1h melee weapon or a 2h ranged weapon. That's nice and lets you switch up what gear you are using pretty easily as you find new and better drops. A constant flow of upgrades is a huge key to ARPG enjoyment, and GD nails this.Finally, the game is very co-op friendly. It will auto-party you if you select that option, and loot can also be personal until you drop it, making 'sharing' loot much easier. Simply scoop up all the stuff you see drop, and if you find something you think might be good for your buddy, drop it and they can grab it. Easy, quick, and painless. Quests also update for everyone in the party, so it doesn't matter who landed the last hit or who talked to an NPC. It basically feels like playing the single-player in terms of pace and function, only you also have a buddy running and killing along side you.If you enjoy ARPGs, Grim Dawn really is a must-play."
,Recommended,219990,32163597,Posted: 3 June,all,MaG|THESIS⋞⊹⋟,"This game is absolutely phenomenal.The one drawback I've found I'll talk about now. The game starts out slow and is hard to get into initially, you build into your abilities slowly at first so it takes a while to get some momentum. However, once you start moving, you don't want to stop.I'm about halfway through my first playthrough of veteran because I'm incredibly indecisive about builds so I have several characters. However, it never gets old.Theorycrafting is the thing I enjoy most about games like this and Grim Dawn absolutely delivers on it. The dual-classing and build possibilities are insanely varied and I'm spending at least as much time theorycrafting on this game as I did on D2-3. Some of the gear and other items give you abilities and mixing and meshing those together really allows you to not only craft your build how you want it to perform, but also allows you to match it to your playstyle. The story takes some time to pick up but if you're anything like me, the small details/notes out in the world will not only catch your interest but really leave you wanting to know more. I've spent so much time heading to every nook and cranny on the map just so I don't miss anything, and believe me, if you aren't doing the same, you'll miss things. There's an enormous amount to explore and the game never fails to deliver on challenges.As someone that thrives on ARPG's, I would absolutely recommend this game. Worth every penny you'll spend."
76561198036030250,Recommended,219990,21542463,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,"I haven't enjoyed an ARPG so much since I summoned my first Clay Golem at level 6.Ya know all those other ARPGs that have come out since then? Each one tweaked Diablo 2 just a little bit, and added or altered stuff, but never really quite hit the preposterously high bar D2 set. They were good games and I enjoyed most of them that I played, (except Torchlight, wasn't a fan for some reason) but they still left me wanting.If you can relate, Grim Dawn is what you've been looking for, its cherrypicked the best systems and ideas of all the recent well-done ARPGS, and basically jammed them back into a reimagining of Diablo 2 with great resultsIts the most worthy among a slew of competitors for the true successor to Diablo 2 (including PoE, D3, Titan Quest:IT, Torchlight 1 & 2)If you feel like this genre had gotten stagnant, like I did, this game will renew your hope.+1-4 player, instanced loot, trade loot, enemy difficulty/loot scaling by player+Atmosphere and feel of Diablo 2, but with guns+Class/level system of Titan Quest+Tons of components, crafting, and enhancements that significantly alter playstyle and can easily alter build path, like Path of Exile+Fantastic character build options+Shoulder slot+Totally needless amount of isntanced loot+good loot variety+good enemy variety+huge enemy groups, frequent enemy heros+fun, satisfying combat+Main quest is decently long, high replayability+reasonably priced=some pretty blatant recreations of Diablo 2 encounters (definitely more of an homage than a copy)=Class-granted skills are varied, but uninspired. (The excellent customzation comes from combining them with various other effects)=Lots of skills that prock on or or are dependent on % chance-per-hit-Environment variety isn't so great, simialr colors and titlesets pretty much the whole time-Summoners can only have one of each summon, no hellhound army builds :(-Storyline is meh. Not terrible, but clearly not its focus"
,Recommended,219990,21628510,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Hobbes,"In the grim dawnness of Crate Entertainments' ARPG, there is only excellence...Grim Dawn has had one of the longest journeys through Early Access, I've been there right from the start, when it was a very rough and ready prototype with the first act, when the frame rate was choppy and the scenery was a little bit flat to say the least. But gods, the core gameplay was satisfying. It scratched the itch that only Diablo 2 and more recently Path of Exile had scratched in a very specific, and pleasing way. Over the intervening timeframe, it has grown, evolved, and refined itself, and matured into this majestic, noble thing.Scalable across a wide variety of systems, able to look beautiful on the very highest of rigs and still managing to look good on systems of modest means whilst maintaining a good framerate, the levelling and class development has grown with six base classes available, and the ability to dual class means that in effect you've the choice of no less than fifteen possible combinations from which to pick your build from. Twenty one if you decide for whatever reason to stick with a purely single class setup (which is eminently possible, but who wants to just goone way these days when you can swing two...). That's not even touching on the brilliantly insane devotion system, which unfolds like something that looked at Path of Exile and went ""You know, we can go one better...""And unlike Diablo 3 and Path of Exile, you can play THIS ARPG entirely offline.Waking to misery, trudging through despair, fighting through bleakness...The backstory of Grim Dawn is suitably black, tinged with plenty of sadness and horror along the way, and the story gets reallydarkin places, make no mistake, there's bits of the narrative which would serve as excellent nightmare fuel. This is going on for some of the less pleasant bits of Path of Exile, and makes Diablo 3 look like a nice and cheerful jaunt through the land of happy and merry. You -start- by fighting resurrected corpses and the recently raised villagers, sometimes loved ones of the very survivors you're actually trying to help, and things will only get -worse- as you take on demonic beings, aetherials and creatures dragged up from the very depths of whatever plane they saw fit to drag themselves up (or down) from.Despite this, the world manages to retain plenty of detail and colour, even if the overall atmosphere is unremittingly one of a world that has seen the coming of the end of days, and now clings on to existence by its' very fingernails. Villages are forced into fortified structures and natural defensive choke points, clinging to any kind of survival they can scratch out in this new, terrible world, everyone is on edge, and trust is hard to earn.This is particularly the case since you've had the ""good"" fortune to escape your demise by hanging as whatever posessed you decided to take leave, but in turn has left you the ability to create riftgates, these tears in reality are your fast travel around the world, but as it turns out, enabling them can just as readily draw aetherials to your location, a harbinger of what messing with such things might portend.The sweet rhythm of loot...On a mechanical level, the game will be instantly, and comfortingly familiar to anyone who has played Diablo 2 or Path of Exile, and reasonably familiar to anyone who has played Torchlight or any ARPG along these lines in the last five years. You move from place to place, picking up quests, clearing out monsters and champions, collecting escalating piles of loot, slowly building up your hero from a nobby nobody into a churning engine of destruction that can bring havoc upon the battlefield. In this the game works exceptionally well, the combat feels meaty, the skills are well balanced, most classes harmonise together in various ways (even class combos you wouldn't initially expect to work CAN work with the right gear and devotion star signs), and the loot drops at a steady clip.There's always new places to explore, new dungeons to plumb, new points of interest to look at, new shrines to cleanse and new things to -do-. Going back to your character is a bit like settling into a comfy sweater, it's comfort gaming at its' finest, and a great way to sink a few hours if you need a time out from the world. It's terrifyingly addictive and you'll find at every step of the way there's something to hook you in to keep you going just that little bit further, and it's not the skinner box approach, here it's the interest of ""what shiny will I grab next"" or ""what new dungeon will I get to see"" or ""What awesome new boss might I fight?"" or ""What will the story reveal?""This game eats time. It eats it with an appetite that borders on the scary. You'll sit down thinking you might do a quick session, you'll blink and two hours will have elapsed. It's that easy to get into, and it makes it that easy to just settle into a rhythm that is practically hypnotic. Don't play this game if you have deadlines to meet the next day, bad, bad idea.Closing thoughts...Crate Entertainment have finally answered the calls for a true blooded ARPG in the vein of D2 and D2X, a proper old school game that can be played whenever you want, wherever you want, that showers you with insane loot with all kinds of prefixes and suffixes, a game where builds are many and varied, where working out what KIND of Arcanist you want to be might need an A3 sheet of paper just to fit the devotion starmap onto, but would I have it any other way?Absolutely not. This is the ARPG that Diablo 3 wasn't, and Path of Exile, despite being -good-, sadly falls short with the need to be online all the time. This is the one I can take with me wherever I go. This is the one YOU can take wherever you go, that it's thoroughly excellent on top makes this a complete no brainer.Verdict :Essential"
76561198035054806,Recommended,219990,22049560,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,sara_bear,"Ok calling all RPG fans....Grim Dawn was made just for you if you likedDiablo 1 or 2, PreSkyrim Morrowind cycle, Throne of Darkness, Van Helsing, Titan's Quest, or any of their closest kin.The opening plot starts with you being possesed, tortured for inforrmation, and being hung. The hanging exorcises the aetheric infestation (4th dimentional being has no desire to die stuck in your body). Your rope gets shot down and the game starts with you enhanced body being asked if you're willing to redeam yourself and help save a small parcel of humanity. No spoilers there folks, watch the trailer (nicely done).The setting is as if someone took magical Renaissance era Europe added a touch of the old West, a dash of Tesla, and iced it all with some Soloman Kane.GraphicallyYou've got the 3 person top down angle camera view.And well folks... while the detail level isn't bad. This game is dark, grubby, and crumbling in looks. A while one occationally gets to walk through areas like thishttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=652567803more often you'll get dungeons like this and darkerhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=652567901I turned up my brightness. Cause everytime I was in a dark area at night. Even with light enhancing items, it was bloody hard to see. Which is realistic (and can be nice in a horror game) but I personally don't find it fun in a dungeon crawler.Audio30% of NPCs have voice acting. The rest speak only in text format. The hacks, shots, grunts, ect are worthy; but nothing special. The background music is your typical ignoreable mood enhancer stuff.GameplayNow here's where it gets enjoyable. It's your standard mouse point directional walk, left click attack, right click ect.. with the customizeable 2 layered slots for potions, spells, special attacks, and the permanent spot for your personal rift portal (that your lovely modifed humanity grants you). A great class system and you'll get to choose 2 of them eventually. Then you get you devotional choices once you restore your first shrine (on a nice astrological skill map). Your inventory will expand with some quests. You have a storage chest and the ability to send items to your other characters. You get enhancement bits to add to your items. Once you help the blacksmith, the ability to craft.And if all that seams familar to you (to any core rpg player it should) there's the truth of this game. The developers have taken nearly every well working gameplay aspect from all the games before and used them.This isn't a bad thing even if it's not truly inovative. It's nostalgic without being hokey.There's also multiplayer available.........OverallI really think if you ever enjoyed a 3 person view RPG you should buy this. It's a premium experiance and a excellent dungeon grinder."
76561197968514473,Recommended,219990,21714512,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Meat-King©®,"""Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark.""Grim Dawn is an action role-playing game (rpg) developed by the company Crate Entertainment with emphasis on hack & slash.Atmosphere & presentation:+ Convincing presentation of a bleak world after a post-apocalyptic event.+ Fitting background music enriches the melancholic atmosphere.+ Creative level and monster design with much love for detail.+ Diversified side quests with challenging boss encounters.+ Exploration of the locations and its secrets is awarded with good loot and interesting lore.o General layout and art direction of the game show parallels to its spiritual predecessor Titan Quest.Combat & gameplay:+ Fast-paced gameplay with a very good balance between combat and exploration.+ Elaborate dual skill tree system, known from Titan Quest, allows various class combinations, each of them supporting offensive and defensive playstyles.+ Alternative devotion system, basically a skill tree, adds further depth into character development.+ Well done crafting system gives the player a multitude of customization options, providing useful items and trinkets.+ Faction based bonus item system creates long-term motivation and additional customization possibilities.+ Broad spectrum of enemies with different strengths, weaknesses and unique abilities.+ For the masochistic gamers among us, the legendaryHardcoremode is available.o The game follows the traditional concept of increased difficulty levels (normal, epic, ultimate), featuring tougher enemies and better loot.Characters & story:+ Interesting side characters provide the player with entertaining information about the current and past events of the game world.o Solid, slow-paced storytelling.o Limited identification of the player with the protagonist.Summary:Overall, Grim Dawn offers high-quality hack & slash gameplay with solid action rpg mechanics. It's a challange to reach the end and you can definitely end up putting a lot of hours into this. Addicitve and awesome all around.Amusing quotes:“I am fully confident that it will function as intended. Well, uh, there may be a slight chance that we will tear apart reality when the artifact is consumed by the conflagration… But chances of that are low. You’re safe. Really.”Trivia:In an earlier version of the game you were able to provoke the avatar of a god. In doing so, he would strike you with a lightning bolt, instantly killing your character in one attack with over 35.000 damage.Achievements:Estimated time for 100% completion: +300 hoursSingleplayer achievements: 80Multiplayer achievements: none"
,Recommended,219990,29600007,Posted: 30 January,all,Schmebulock,"I love this game, its so addictive and I really enjoy farming there. But there is one issue and I'm stuck here.  I have a 85 lvl character and my attribute points were always oriented mostly on cunning. Now I realised that i need to change them on physique, but there is only one way to do it and it's that trainer program.  So please, add an option so players can reset attributes as well."
76561198043920382,Recommended,219990,21467806,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,New Meta,It cured my dota 2 addiction.
,Recommended,219990,23667138,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Burn,"I wanted to write my review when my Hardcore character dies, but he's still going strong and I'm about to reach the max level. Anyways, this game has all the best elements of an old-school aRPG game, with some new mechanics to keep it fresh. The environment is interesting, the classes are fairly archetypal but with a nice spin, and the hunt for loot keeps me excited. I liked the story, it kept me immersed and was my main incentive to finish the game. The graphics are very good - not amazing, but authentic for the type of game. Not cartoonish at all. The pace is great and there's enough play diversity to offer plenty of replayability. It's a great mix of challenge and depth - this game was obviously made with a lot of love!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=635841522http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=706779614http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=913516827"
,Recommended,219990,16130741,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,BylliGoat,"I have one rule when it comes to games:  for every dollar I spend, there had better be at least one hour of enjoyment.  I can't tell you how many games I own that can't even live up to that very simple rule, and some of the worst offenders come from this current plague of ""Early Access"" games.This is the exception.  I've only put 8 hours into Grim Dawn thusfar, but I can already tell that I have many more ahead.  This is exactly what Early Access should be - an incomplete game that benefits greatly from the community involvement.  Grim Dawn isn't some barely stable trash that some useless studio decided to throw on Steam, it is a solid title with all of the meat and seasoning ready to go and all the developer needs now is, ""how would you like it cooked?""Get this game.  If you like anything about Diablo-esque games, you owe it to yourself and the gaming community to support the development of this title."
,Recommended,219990,26610478,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Terroriza,"This might be the best value for any game I've ever purchased. I got it on sale for 15$, but after putting 200+ hours into it, I can say it is easily worth double or triple that. The only ARPG's I've played that can compare to Grim Dawn are D2, D3 and PoE. I'm not trying to debate which is better, but those 3 are universally recognized as 3 of the top ARPG's in the last 10 years. The only knock against grim dawn is that the multiplayer is a bit weak. This is a game meant to be played in single player, but has some multiplayer capabilities. It's not horrible multiplayer, but I wouldn't describe it as a MP game.There is what they call a dual class system. You have a skill tree for your main class and then at level 10 you can invest into a second class or put everything into 1 tree, whichever you prefer. There are multiple viable builds and tons of loot. Another negative could be that there is too much garbage loot, but still this is knit picking. For those ARPG veterans the game can feel easy until you have beat it once at which point it gets a bit harder. The objective is to beat it 3 times all the way thru, the 3rd time is pretty damn tough.It doesn't feel boring going thru it 3 times because various things carry over each time, you will also spot new areas you missed or couldn't unlock the first time thru. The DLC out is also really fun. It's basically a never ending mode of constant waves. Every 10 waves you can either leave and take your reward or keep going and risk it for a higher reward.If you even remotely like Action-RPGs then this is a must have title. If this game came from a well known company it would easily be selling for 2-3 times more. I know it might not look that great in the photos and all. That's what held me back for a while, but this is definitely one of the better games I've ever played."
76561198034888313,Recommended,219990,17215972,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Sedina,"Grim Dawn is what ""ARPGs"" are supposed to be.It's difficult - nee impossible - to write a review of Grim Dawn without comparing it to other, existing ARPGs. So rather than dance around it, I'll just do it: Grim Dawn is better than most. I'll compare it to games you might have already played.* It's harder than Diablo III, and has more punishing monster abilities that require more attention.* It's less punishing tha Path of Exile, with more focus on attack skills that make the game fun (rather than defensive skills that make you run around).* Similar to Titan Quest, you pick two paths and combine them into a unique gameplay style. And, similar to Titan Quest, you can seriously gimp yourself by picking two fundamentally incompatible paths.* The world is static, with loads of side quests if you want to do them, like Sacred 2. Unlike Sacred 2, the world remains interesting and isn't as generically massive. Fewer enemies have cheap tricks to one-shot you.I don't have much to say that hasn't already been said... this is an excellent game. I've tried many different characters and only found a few completely gimped builds (summoning is, as always, not balanced yet). I can't believe this is still in Early Access and it's already so good."
,Recommended,219990,24667941,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,djie,"Grim Dawn is one of the best ARPG. You can make a variety of builds like pet army, magic caster, dual blade/gunslinger, or even a tanky afk build. 15 class combinations from 6 bases with over 25 skills per class, excluding lots of skills from devotion system and items.If you had difficulties with the game early on, there's a ton of guides or shared characters for testing purpose from Grim Dawnforums(always backup your save files first). Sometimes you'll find a fun build that's yet to discover.If you like Diablo, Path of Exile, Torchlight, or Titan Quest, this game will suits you."
,Recommended,219990,21651537,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"That was a great game. Arguably one of the greatest ARPG's ever. The graphics were super cool, the story was interesting and at times intense, the action itself was seamless, the upgrade system was super deep and yet accessible. You could play this game countless different ways and have a great time. I put right around 40 hours into the campaign playing solo before finishing it, and after I was done, there was still another area at the top of the map to unlock, and probably 3 or 4 that I missed besides that. There is also an area called The steps of Torment which will challenge any hardened players, and that area features roguelike qualities. This game carries a lot of obvious influences as well, from Diablo 2 to Torchlight to even Dark Souls, and wears them well, while still managing to create it's own distinct personality.I'm thinking that I can still easily put in another 15 or so hours solo before I'm just grinding loot or decide to change difficulties. The game also leaves definite room for a sequel and/or expansion, and really, this is a game world that could persist for a long time. There were things said via notes in the game that absolutely open up other potential story arcs. The Aetherial Betrayer, Ulgrim, and quite a few others.So, some cool features of the game: you can dual class, and it changes your actual class if you do so. For example, I played an Occultist/Arcanist, which made me a Warlock. The upgrade system for the actual classes is broad enough to give you a lot of variety, but condensed enough that you wont feel overwhelmed. However, there is a second upgrade system that you get points for simply by cleansing shrines, and that my friends is as expansive an upgrade system as I have seen in a game. You could spend a while reading through all of them, and then you still have to decide what will best suit your play style. They are set up as constellations, and there are a lot of them! It can seem daunting, but actually, I dont think there are really any wrong choices, although some will obviously suit your preferred playstyle better than others, and a lot of them only unlock after unlocking constellations closer to the center, where you basically choose your upgrade arc. That was quite impressive and again, lends itself to a lot of experimentation. There is a respec NPC in the game, but I never actually made use of it, so I cant say how that works.Also, some merchants will only sell you stuff after you have gotten your town or faction disposition maxed out, and they of course have the best items, lol. You can sell to them, but I personally didnt max out any factions yet, so I havent been able to purchase those super cool items. You can also craft items via another type of NPC, and that system is also pretty deep. You can craft all the basic stuff, but you have to find blueprints to craft anything truly spectacular. Items also have one slot for gem/material upgrades, and the gems/materials can be made stronger by fusing as many as 4 of the same type together. This will often unlock a special ability like casting fireballs or gaining Aetherial defense, slams, and so on.There is actually a ton more to this game, but I think I will leave off for now and maybe revise this once I finish the map, play through higher difficulties, and/or play through this in co-op mode.I cant really find much in the way of flaws in this game, so I'm maxing out this skill tree with a 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,219990,18475616,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Preyhamster,"My friends were all like ""ITS LIKE TITAN QUEST! ITS AWESOME!""Guess what; its like titan quest. Its awesome."
76561197974004598,Recommended,219990,32849419,Posted: 27 June,all,Iskarius,"If you were disappointed by how Diablo 3 turned out, this is the game you should probably look at in its place to ""replace"" (can't be done) Diablo 2.Combat is your typical ARPG/Hack'n'Slash faire, nothing remarkable, but it does its job. You should already know if you like this kind of gameplay if you have played any games in this genre.What really sells the game is the skill tree and devotion tree. You can mix classes together and pick passives from the devotion tree to truly build a character that suits your own liking. Lots of freedom leads to massive amounts of creative builds.The only lacking part is the multiplayer. It works, but that's really all there is to it. Does it need more than that? Not necessarily, but it is holding this game back from reaching the popularity it could have.Story, sound and design are all alright. Nothing too crazy to talk about.Overall enjoyable Hack'N'Slash experience."
,Recommended,219990,18234941,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Kitten Algorithm,"Honestly? This is what Diablo 3 should have been.Crate Entertainment delivers a spirital successor to the magnificent legacy of Diablo 2 - with a blend-in of popular features from Titan Quest (they even had a designer from the former Diablo 2 team join them recently & Crate themselves consist of many of the old devs behind Titan Quest).Even the game being in early access (as of when this review was written) it already has kept me occupied for around 100 hours and there's still so much to do.Pros+ Rich storyline.+ Beautifully crafted environments!+ Choices matter - for example killing or saving a person will have different consequences, adding to replayability.+ Six classes to chose from & being able to combine two classes if you wish, broadening your versatility.+ Easy to respecc skills, allowing lots of experimentation.+ Addicting reputation-system (similar to WoW). Also enemy factions will spawn more bosses/heroes to fight you the more they hate you - while friendly factions unlock rewards, additional quests & even dungeons!+ Nemesis bosses! Once you've maxed negative reputation with an enemy faction, legendary bosses/heroes will hunt you out in the wild! Some of the strongest in-game! Run!+ Modding-friendly! Toolset to be released after the game is finished.+ Expansions/dlc planned! Bring on more content! My money awaits!+ Multiplayer/Coop-friendly (unless you play with awful connections, then you might experience desyncs/lagspikes).Cons- No character customization.- No hide helmet toggle (for the occasional ugly helmet).- Soundtrack does not seem complete (hopefully more songs are planned), too few tracks replaying over and over again.- More epic item variety would be nice, but I assume this will be added before the final release. Gief more content!! Now!Summary: If you loved Diablo 2 or Titan Quest, getting Grim Dawn is a no-brainer. Expect hundreds of hours of gameplay!Game is planned to be released at the end of 2015."
76561198011089704,Recommended,219990,21513386,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Atlas,"Great game, encourages restarting and trying new builds, hearkens back to the old d1/d2 days.Pros:-Many varied build opportunities and it is fun to try things out-Fairly long level curve, love the journey not the destination-Great atmosphere-Lots of different modifiers on itemsCons:-Story ends a bit abruptly-End game has minimal randomization-A lot of the game will be played with 1-2 skills until you get to a higher level (for passive type builds)-You don't often seem to pass the power curve, that is, you never seem to completely destroy level relative enemies-Hard to determine what builds will work out due to huge number of modifiers and engame equipment (but not necessarily a con specifically to this game)I detailed the cons a bit more because these are really the only things I can pick out that become more glaring after spending some time with the game.This game is worth playing. Period."
,Recommended,219990,34100836,Posted: 8 August,all,rainy💧,"I really love this game. It’s probably… no, definitely, my favourite game of all time! I bought it the first time in the summer of 2014 and at this point it was still in early access and wasn’t as developed yet. At first I didn’t really know what I was doing and I wasn’t super impressed, but fast forward a few months and I played it again and something just clicked. I thought this game was so good! I’ve been hooked ever since.Later on I started playing it with one of my good friends, we had a ton of fun, and then I met my wife in 2016 and I bought her the game as a surprise. She really loved it and we’ve been playing it together on and off since.Grim Dawn is such a great ARPG and it really holds a special place in my heart. I love making characters and trying out new builds. There is a great amount of complexity in it, with the dual class system and devotions etc., but not to the point where it’s too much. There is a massive amount of replayability in the game (as you can see from my hours played) and it’s a lot of fun. It’s a great game to play solo or with your friends and loved ones. There is also an expansion coming out soon which I am really looking forward to.Overall, I can warm-heartedly recommend this game to fans of Diablo-style ARPG’s or RPG’s in general.“Iron well spent.” ;-)"
,Recommended,219990,34496801,Posted: 25 August,all,"French fried potaters, PhD","Did you play Diablo 1 & 2 until it was time to catch the bus to school in the morning, and then read the Diablo guidebook during classes? Grim Dawn is for you."
76561198035809038,Recommended,219990,30333645,Posted: 5 March,all,Windybeard,Pros1 - A fantastic dark and mythical setting2 - Alot like Titan Quest but better3 - Interesting characters and proffesions4 - Complex stat building5 - Runs smooth even during large scale battles6 - A decent sized world map7 - Not an easy gameCons1 - Success can be predicated on your choice of character/build2 - One shots from bosses3 - Enviromental damage
76561198037880604,Recommended,219990,15831993,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Vlad Lenin: The Drunk Lemon,"In the summer of 2000, a new era in video gaming dawned.Diablo 2 was launched. Blizzard was in their prime.The game was excellent and a year later they improved on an already polished product with the release of Lord of Destruction.Video gaming was never the same.Since then we have had many attempts on carrying the flame of D2:LoD.Torchlight honorably carried on the genre the best it could.And when D3 was announced, I got aboard the hype train and rode it to it's fiery crash.It wasn't D2:LoD.It didn't feel like a successor.Disappointment was rife.Later that same year, Torchlight 2 released.The balance in the genre was secured. The gameplay was solid, if not a tad too fast-paced.But with the disappointment that was D3, I greedily ate up all it had to offer.And now, we are here.There's a new dawn in this genre.It is a Grim Dawn.And grim has never been so good before.I do not want to give the impression that this game merely plays off the nostalgia from franchises before.Those at Crate Entertainment picked up the baton from other games and ran off in their own direction.The influence is clearly there and is masterfully done. But, being an early access game, they could take feedback from the community of players, and mold it into something we've always wanted.Another game to take the mantle of D2:LoD, and raise it to new heights.Cheers, Crate Entertainment and all of your employees.You have done something great here, and I thank you."
76561198015583598,Recommended,219990,22357114,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,GGanten,"Best Action RPG to date! If you like Diablo 1 & 2 and despise Diablo 3 and get tired of Path Of Exile, this is the game you are looking for.Thank you developers for making this great game!"
76561197967782814,Recommended,219990,19468847,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Tensard,"An early access review for an early access game. This review is based on a playthrough of one character to level 25ish, partly played alone and partly played with a friend.Things to Expect:Action Role-Playing Games tend to lack role-play options that actually relate to game-play. Such situations do occur in this game, and can decidedly change your experience or even what equipment you can gain.Progression trees that do not exactly guide you in their use, but most of the level up choices you make can be undone to repair mistakes or to optimize.Crafters are decidedly useful, as they will always create at-level gear you can use for the same amount of materials (so far.)Gritty world, gritty characters, and a dark atmosphere. It is not exactly bland, but it's not exactly pretty.You can only duel-wield pistols if equipped with a specifc item.Damage can be sudden and it is hard to determine where it comes from or what causes it due to all the graphics and effects.Opinions:Kill, loot, rinse, repeat. You're a dude or lady that was nearly hung for being possessed, but was spared because of context. And now a gathering of NPCs look at you with hope/despair in wondering if you can save them from the end of the world. Which already happened, but they hope you won't make it worse. Given I've not personally completed the story, I cannot give a nay or yay regarding it.I can state that it does set the post-apocolypse in semi-fantasy land well. Everyone looks unclean and filthy, and your equipment is no exception. None of your equipment shines or glows, or looks elegant. It is rough or practical looking, and portays the scavenger look as you are picking up fantasy pieces in fantasy land. Most of the land is in ruins, garbage strewn about is a constant land image.The music is there, and serves its purpose but is lost under combat noise. I've not heard a track I would listen to outside of the game, but I've not had a reason to turn the music off.Playing as the Soldier class, 1 of 5 classes available currently (six planned), I have not felt the need to dual class. Though I played on Veteran difficulty, and was underleveled for the first boss, I managed to defeat them by myself with the skills I invested in and resources I earned/purchased. Healing potions did not ensure my victory, and I definately needed them. From my perspective, devoting time to gaining levels to match the boss or finding more appropriate equipment to defend myself would have made the battle easier. But ultimately, like all ARPGs of this sort, it comes down to loot/equipment.Loot in the game is not generous, but it is not lack luster. While my luck may just be poor, and I keep finding high qualities items that would better suit other classes, the pieces that I do find I have yet to replace. Add onto the componant items that can be collected and combined to impart even greater bonuses, which can be placed onto equipment to ensure their longevity, means there are always options to improve gear.In multiplayer, loot can be set to personal or shared. With personal loot, all loot seen by you is yours.There are tools within the game to help you determine what gear you need, though I personally find it hard to track incoming damage. It is hard to determine what enemies will attack what sort of defence immediately, and for me it was always trial by fire. And gear is not immediately available to immediately counter enemy attacks, it all has to be earned with time.But that's the point of these kinds of games: repeatedly charge into dungeons to find better and better gear, for multiple situtaions. And, to the games great credit, their NPC crafters are not simple gamble-based machines. Despite the random statisics on the items, they will always make gear that is at least at your character's level.One major complaint I have to make is the text box for NPC interaction is small, and that makes reading hard to do.Conclusion:I have not seen all of the game yet, but what I've played I have enjoyed. It is a game that asks the player to micromanage their gear to fit their needs, but allows them headstrong acts of determination to push through challenges at the cost of resources. Character customization benefits from augment gear, to dual classing for combining skill sets, to a mostly passive bonus system gained from exploring and slaying monsters.The game's look works. It does not strain the eyes, and sets the mood it intended to set. While more color would be appreciated, what I have seen I've not been distracted (beyond all the literal garbage. Loads of trash in places! Fantasy kingdom lacks littering laws.)The story is there, and while not bad it can be overlooked. This may be a dangerous thing, however, as a choice made in the first portion of the game drastically changes the loot available to you. And the game does not give you the luxury of making that choice's importance to you apparant. Squint your eyes to read that text, because it may make your adventure all the easier.This is a solid enty into the ARPG library. Not too easy, not unforgiving, but demands you pay attention."
,Recommended,219990,14692843,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Naji Hokon,"Five hours into Grim Dawn and my Witchblade is happily swinging around a pipe with gears attached to the end of it with both hands after applying some parts that make it do poison damage. With his little buddy Raven flying behind him, shooting electricity out of his eye balls, my Wicthblade is demolishing every foe he encounters, waves at a time. And just when I think this may be too easy, I hit a boss level monster that makes me start quaffing the few potions I have. I finally crush the boss monster's head like a grape with my two-handed ""mace"" and get the loot. All is right with the world.I have a few Early Access titles in my game list, but Grim Dawn is by far the most polished one I have played. Heck, I've played big production titles that don't work this well (I'm looking at you, ""Rise of the Argonauts"").Add this to the fact that I played Diablo and liked it. Played D2 and liked it. Played Titan Quest and loved it, and add that I tend to enjoy apocalyptic game settings and that makes Grim Dawn something that will not be uninstalled for a very long time.For an ARPG, the writting is superb. The letters and dialoge are on par with what you would expect from a classic western RPG.I cannot reccomend this title enough, and although I am nowhere near being done playing this game I have to wonder with a benchmark being set this high: what will Crate do next?I am excited for the future."
76561198040483414,Recommended,219990,21252226,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Kitty_In_Disguise,"So, here I am, 400+ hours into the game, without a single forum post or a review. I feel like I own it to Crate to write one, so here it goes. I'll cover 5 topics: World, Story, Gameplay, Graphics and Sound.World: I thank Crate for not making world randomized. The map is hand drawn, same every time, but the boulders and obstacles block certain paths, so you'll never go the same way twice. The pros of that approach tie with the story.Story: The story itself is okay, much better than other ARPGs though (looking at you, Torchlight 2 :D). The best part about it is the lore behind the world. Random notes make world alive and some of it are really beautifly written, like mini novels all around you.Gameplay: The skills feel responsive and overall, combat is very satisfying. The punches are hard and spell effects make combat seem very fast paced. There are occasional glitches and fps drops, but this is an indie studio and an early access game, so I believe it will be resolved (I'm playing on a 8 year old toaster by the way, and i get 25+ on low/med settings, which is awesome). Skilltrees and devotion system make each individual character different. Components and relics are an awesome way for customizing your character further.Graphics: Crate didn't go for beautiful graphics and eye candy. Instead, what you get, is dark and grim world. The look of the game is awesome, Areas are distinct and every single one feels like it's the part of the world, not some random desert here and lush green woods 10 minutes further. Graphics are here for the atmosphere, not the beauty.Sound: Abilities sound great, even though the autoattacks could use some love. The soundtrack is awesome though, resembeling the Diablo one (overly reverbed instruments).Overall: This game is awesome. Buy it now. Support the developers and the game, you won't regret it. This is by far the best ARPG I've ever played."
76561197960379814,Recommended,219990,30591331,Posted: 18 March,all,Traitor,This is my first review  of  a game on steam. And I'm  writing it because  I think THIS game deserves it.I grew up with Diablo 1+2 and loved those games. I think Grim Dawn really carries their legacy forth  and improves on nearly every aspect of it.And the best thing is: With every hour I play (260+ now?) I enjoy it even more and want to try different thinks.It's simply a must buy for fans of the genre!
,Recommended,219990,13745024,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Daft Gamer,"Ok, I've put a little time into this game. Enough to where I can start to form an opinion on it. First off, let me precede this with a disclaimer. The game is currently in Early Access so parts may change once it hits the final build.This game does have a dark atmosphere similar to Diablo series of old. I've played around with several different builds to date and they all offer something different. However, the true magic happens once you can combine 2 professions to make your own hybrid class(think Titan Quest and you'll completely understand what I'm talking about). If you enjoy that idea and don't mind some occasional weirdness occuring during gameplay, then this game belongs in your library.Here is where I explain the weirdness I spoke of earlier. Controls can be a little wonky(there have been times that I've selected the enemy that I wanted to attack and my character simply ran over to stand next to them). You will occasionally come across an area that you should be able to reach but an invisible wall will prevent you(to date, I have only seen this a small handful of times and is nothing too major). Also, there is some popup issues where I had to be actively running to have an object appear in front of me.If the Early Access thing worries you, then I would state that they appear to give regular updates on the game. I'm unsure if they are planning a final pass once they finish the primary development of the title but since they are apparently trying to create themselves and have shown an openess to the community, I cannot see that they will leave issues remaining in the game.I currently cannot comment on the co-op as I have not yet experienced it other than saying that the game does offer LAN and Online modes.If you enjoy ARPG's of old and want to experience something both new and old at the same time, I would recommend this. If you are looking for a graphical masterpiece, then hold off. For myself, I fully intend on grabbing a few copies for friends once it is finished so we can all have a grand old time loot grinding."
,Recommended,219990,20463792,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,dnm,"Stay awhile and listenAfter the Grim Dawn, the world is in turmoil and everyone is trying to get by with what they can. There are death and despair everywhere. The world is big, based on a single map, and the game is semi linear. That make up for a great game experience! For the naysayers, I only havethis to say to you. ;)Speaking for the gameGraphics and design:Grimy, grim and rough. When it comes to graphics Grim dawn is spot on. The game is dark, and include the same type of gore and feel of doom that was present in Diablo 1. You can toggle the view of your camera, the game is in full 3D and plays smooth (not laggy/jerkily as it seems to be in the promotion video clip).The game stays simple yet effectful regarding to spells, skills and weaponry. There are colours, but not overdone and the gear are “simple” in design fitting within the context of the world. Even though the skills gets more expressive and effectful the more you level, it will never, as far as I know, become like the Diablo 3 roaming discotheques of coloured lightshows and smoke grenades I am used to. And I am greatly thankful for that.During Chistmas I only had my laptop to play on, and even though my laptop has a really poor graphic card the game runs smooth (but can barely handle Diablo 3 and absolutely not games like Cities Skylines). It feels great to play a new and good looking game that is not forcing you to buy a new computer.Sound effects and music:The sound effects are really neat. My first character was a Pyromancer focusing around a gun build, and the swooping falcons have a nices punch to them, likewise the sound of the gun when firing. It is almost like you “feel it”.The music enhances the graphic expression of the death and misery that surrounds everything.Attributes, skills and leveling:The leveling of the character is in all ARPG:s, but apart from for example Diablo 3, Grim Dawn allows you to put out points after each level in core attributes like “Physique”, “Cunning” and “Spirit” affecting everything from health and energy to damages output and chances to hit and get hit.Each level you are awarded skill points to build your character in your chosen mastery/masteries. There are six masteries and if dual classing there are additional 15 different classes, each with a number of great synergy builds to create.I think the leveling experience is good. As used to Diablo 3's minor variations, I think the different build possibilities are enormous, which do greatly enhancing the leveling experience.Mechanics:As fare as mechanics goes, it seems to be totally transparent. I do not have that much to say on this matter. Yet again referring to Diablo 3, I think this fact is a nice change of pace.Inventory/backpack and stash/bank:The system for inventory and stash are as such: Inventory on the character are bigger then Diablo 3 and do I even need to mention Path of Exiles totally lack of inventory space? The inventory is expandable through quest rewards. As far as I have progressed, you have one personal tab in the stash/bank and four shared with your other characters. But as in all of these type of games inventory and stash space, even a great amount of space, is not enough. ;)Bugs:I have not noticed any major bugs.Miscellaneous:Exploration:As I let on in the beginning, Grim Dawn are composed of one whole “overworld”, a continuous map that, for the most parts, are open and not depending on the game progression (there is no fixed acts like in Diablo 3 or Path of Exile, where A leads to B and B to C). This makes exploration one extra dimension of the game and the environments are nice; varies a lot with high level of detail. There are randomly spawn dungeons that does not show on the map, as far as it seems. This makes it harder to find them, but you do not need to enter them to progress through the game. It just gives a nice flair to the game. There are also lots of hidden areas that will not show on neither the mini map nor the big map. The dungeons has that great feel of dungeon crawl around, with some of them in a roguelike-ish style. In some extent it feels like Diablo 1 but with much better graphics.Questing:As for questing, there is no holding hand style of gameplay. So do not expect a World of Warcraft path finding system for quest completion. This is more old school. You have to rely on your reading skills. Thus far I have never experienced any problem with completing any quests, and I find it nice for a change that the game is not playing for me. The “hardest” get around finding are the faction bounties. Even though I have taken to account the increasingly laziness of players, I do not think those are demanding in neither reading nor thinking skills.Factions:The game as a faction system that reminds of the systems in MMO:s. There are different steps rewarding you with discounts at vendors and access to quartermasters. You gain negative reputation with your enemies resulting in increasing monster spawn, hero spawn and spawn of nemesis at the most negative stance.Crafting:The game has a meaningful intriguing crafting system. During the game you can buy and find blueprints to learn new craftable items. At your Blacksmith you will be able to craft weapons, accessories, armor, components (things you can use in further crafting or to “enchant"" gear you have), consumables and relics.Story:The game has a nice story and as you progress you can make choices through dialogue with NPC:s that affects the game in different ways. I have made some good ones, and some bad ones. One learn as long as one live.Difficulties:There are three difficulties: Normal, Elite and Ultimate. The first unlocks the second after play through. For experience players I would recommend to play normal mode with “veteran” checked. Normal (veteran mode) will provide a greater challenge; stronger and tougher monsters in increased number of spawns.Speaking against the gameNo random generated maps, as far as I know. With that said I want to point out that so far it has not been something I thought about. If we are to be fair, the random generated maps in Diablo 3 and Path of Exile “are not much to hang on the Christmas tree” (Swedish idiom for “that's not much to boast about”). However I would like the game to have random generated elements in endgame, maybe in player open “rifts” or something like that (maybe it already exists… I have not made it to endgame yet).No voice acting when giving a storyline, quest or lore. This I think is really negative. There are so much lore that it would be great listening to it instead of reading. I hope the rumor is true, that they are planning to voice the lore, but I do not know if that is the case.Even though I like the storyline and lore of the game, it can be corny to some small parts. As I do not want to spoil the story for someone I will not go into it.It is not a major problem, but worth mentioning: sometime the pathfinding could be better. I think it would do well from some polish, but otherwise I have no complaint regarding that.I have played around 10 hours in multiplayer mode. The experience has been really good, but a couple of times we have gotten off sync for some minutes. I do not think this is a big problem, but when it happens it is a source of great irritation.ConclusionI give Grim Dawn a clear thumb up. The game is an impressive achievement, and has huge potential for further expansion. When I look at the map, it seems like that game developers has prepared for an almost doubles sized map. I hope that is the case! :)"
76561197991657927,Recommended,219990,33241336,Posted: 4 July,all,MrMuse,"Despite the fact that I don't generally like ARPGs it is impossible to give Grim Dawn anything other than a positive review. Whilst it is hack n slash in the Diablo tradition GD takes its bearings from Titan Quest. Some have commented that GD is not story rich but, much in the same way TQ did, GD tells its stories during gameplay rather than through artificially infused cut-scenes. In this way it is deceptively lore heavy and Crate have created an original world (unlike TQs shameless borrowings from Greek Mythology) that has adequate meaning should you take the time to take note of it.More importantly, GD is a very big game regardless of whether or not you go back for higher difficulties, different character classes and builds, and secrets and achievements. Those secrets actually add an important level of replayability that is not there in most other games of this ilk as they do not simply comprise the odd hidden area but whole quest chains worth going back for.The addition of factions and faction reputation also add great replay value in that there are choices throughout the game where you will have to pick one over the other. This again leads to differing quest chains together with the stories within them and different rewards. Moreover, these choices are often (but not always) mutually exclusive creating different story branches within the meta and the results of the opposing choice can then only be experienced in later playthroughs.One proviso i just HAVE to make regardless of how good GD is - is that you will not discover its finer points through a simple 10-15 hours of hacking away. Because for those first hours it would appear that this game offers little new. Similarly, if you played Titan Quest and out and out hated it then there is no way you will like GD.In conclusion then, Grim Dawn does indeed have all the grindy nature of every other ARPG in existence. The differences are that what it does in that respect it does extremely well and it offers something MORE than others with engaging story telling and vast replayability through choice and consequence. And this last is extremely rare in the genre. Its high metacritic score is an accurate estimation of its overall value."
,Recommended,219990,31329075,Posted: 23 April,all,imaximus,Everything Diablo III should have been.
76561197999018200,Recommended,219990,29784433,Posted: 8 February,all,Lord Azlan,"My first love is Titan Quest obviously. I reckon that is down to some deep, buried within, primordial memories we all share about ancient mythology. Dragons and Medusi and Tigers wearing armour. The Great Wall of China for heaven's sake.The Torchlights were pretty good to. Don't have time for Diablos.So, can Grim Dawn match the others and be worthy of hard cash in the hand thank you Ma'am?Short answer? Yes it is.Long answer? This is what swayed me.Story: ARPG don't really need one and that is more true for a Diablo clone. This one though gave me some surprises. First time around I did not even read the various bits of paper you find on your journey, they were just XP. I started reading them second time around and found them mostly well told. It seems the developers had taken on criticism about TQ and got proper writers in. What was happening and how it affected normal people was simply fascinating. Sad too. Some stories made me angry.Factions: An advancement on the other games. You come across a few towns and communities who for some reason won't sell you their best equipment even though you save all their children from torture. You save their farms. Kill a dragon. Save a virgin. Provide free dentistry. BRING THEM FRESH WATER.And the man from town still says NO!There is a reputation system where you gain points by doing quests and killing their enemies. The good bit here is that you can see in advance what reputation improvement can get you. For example if your character specialises in fire it's better to concentrate on the faction that can provide you with +fire damage equipment.Later on in the game you have to choose between factions and one of them won't like you very much.Strays: Every now and again you encounter some guy(s) and there are different options on what to do. Kill them. Talk them around. Give them money. It's interesting as it's not obvious what the consequences will be and sometimes not even for a while. Some guy turned out to be an evil piece of work despite that I saved him. Other people down right lie to your face.Character build and classes: I think the horizontal planner for each class make it more difficult to decide on where to make improvements. At first glance the classes looked very similar to me. I now believe that unlike in TQ the developers made each class viable in its own right. So there are no wrong choices. Whether that is good or bad you can decide. One of the classes for example seems to specialise both in two handed weapons and in magic which seems odd. Pets seem to be a real decent choice now where before they could have been considered as add-ons.The Devotion section allows you to tailor your character as reflected in constellations. You can only do this if you ""Cleanse Shrines"" and once done gain valuable points to tweak your perfect killing machine. I found it a bit complicated and you can think of this section as a puzzle. Once you start thinking and planning on what choices to make here you will find your character become supreme ruler of the universe. As you complete a star sign you get a points bonus which in turn helps you to access the star signs towards the edge of the sky - they can be very powerful indeed.Gameplay: I like the new mechanism where you don't have to chug potions all the time. After battles your character will renew health automatically based on their constitution which can be increased by items and skills and renewed by finding food and some items. Good stuff. Since you don't have to focus on health *that* much, combat can be more tactical than in TQ and even I managed to train myself to click on a few different combat skills. I consider this quite an improvement as one of the criticisms of these type of games is that combat is ALWAYS THE SAME. Death by 100 of the same clicks.Now we have 100 different clicks!The world is grey and brown and missing the bright colours of other games in this genre. There is no grass breezing in the wind and no butterflies. I suppose the colour scheme is dictated to by the setting and story and part of me wonders what the engine could do if the chains are taken off. There is a decent variety of baddies to fight and a large section of bosses. Later on in the game your resistances become important and I found it handy to keep a decent collection of armour and items that cover the whole spectrum as it is unlikely your one set of equipment can cover them all.Some of the end levels in the various Acts are pretty large and sprawling. Larger than I expected which was a surprise. Towards the end of the game some of the levels feel like boxes and have nothing of consideration in them except trash mob baddies which make me think the designers spent most of their time in the beginning levels.In summary I think this game has hidden depths and statisticians can fully enjoy meaningful conversations about +% this and that. It's a good update to TQ and I can't give a bigger compliment. Would like to see a bit more variation in the environments but builds and items and classes and devotions seem to hit the spot."
,Recommended,219990,29974131,Posted: 16 February,all,▲˜ Geordie Manflakes,"First of all: If you liked Diablo I and II but were disappointed by Diablo III this is the game for you. That said, here's my review:Very good ARPG, takes about 50 hours for the first playthrough on normal difficulty which is, in my opinion, decently difficult for an ARPG. The classes are expansive and interesting and you can even pick two of them for double the fun. Then there's the Devotion system where you get points for restoring desecrated shrines which you can then invest into different star constellations that give you passive bonuses or skills. So all in all customization is very in depth and requires a bunch of playthroughs to see all of it. Except for the part where all characters look the same bar differences in armour and gender.It's probably really fun in multiplayer but since I don't have any friends I can't judge that part of the game, though it is very fun in singleplayer.There's not too many different kinds of enemies which isn't great but for me personally it's not a huge problem though some people may grow tired of killing the same dudes over and over again.Overall it's a very solid game with many different ways to play it that'll keep you entertained for many hours.Remember to get Chaos and Aether resistances for the late game, or at least a pet."
76561198057809284,Recommended,219990,18482013,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,APoCaLyPSE NoW,"Recommended : Highly YES, don't miss this true gemBased on beta B27Many devs from Grim Dawn (GD) are those who builded this nice Titan Quest immortal Throne (TQIT) from past. That mean they know what they do, they are one of best team ever to create this kind of game.This is addictive hack'n'slash with RPG based on 6 classes, full of skills in use in dual-class system like TQIT was.- Dual class system ; choose your gameplay style melee, ranged/magic/summoner based on 6 classes with tons of skills to unlock. You must balance your character between overpowering & protections. Classes are more experienced than TQIT- Generous loot system better than mostly others game on same kind. Rare/epic/legendary items, based on classes, with   20,000+ possible magical affix combinations and over 200 rare affixes.- Innovative quest system : you can choose your destiny which affect world. Choose which factions to help and those to fight. Make peace, make hell or stay neutral : but face consequences of your acts. Your goal is to rebuild world from human extention- Factions system : help factions what you want and be awarded with discount from merchants, exclusive items to unlock. When you help a faction, you automatically fight against others which are ennemy. Entire world is based on factions, except beasts. If you fight too much against a faction, this faction will give you more challenge in fight in future, sending to you better mobs & bosses to kill you.- Multiplayer : 4 players can coop or pvp.- 4 difficulties mode : normal, veteran, elite and ultimate, can be conbinated to hardcore game.- Great gameplay : fast-paced combat with many visual effects, freeze/stun/knockdown, furnitures to demolish- optional rotatable camera : always fight from the most optimal angle- Intelligent mix between open-ended world and corridor, with outside & underground maps, 20+ secrets passages, exclusive quest map (depending on your choices based on quests)- Bestiary : 200+ enemy heroes and bosses, hand-configured with their own unique arrays of deadly skills.- Additional rogue-like dungeons :  special challenge dungeons (require rare crafted key) where enemy levels increase as you progress and player can't teleport. Win or die.- Dynamic weather : - The world is brought to life with region-specific climates and a variety of weather effects. A sunny day can cloud over with mild rain showers that builds into a booming thunderstorm. Variable wind gusts blow grass and affect objects like windmills.- Crafting system  : with 250 recipes to learn (weapons/armors/jewels/potions), combining/salvaging components, augments- Respec system : cancel your skills allocation points to create new build based on same mastery.This is one best game ever. You can buy it, closed eyes, even in beta or at full price. You'll don't regret it."
,Recommended,219990,28654322,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Cor Kalom,Underrated af
,Recommended,219990,9308881,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Heavy_hate,"AAAAAAAAaa F8KK ALL, I LOVEEEE THIS ONE!!!"
,Recommended,219990,21880788,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,8ALTON8,"As somebody who loves Diablo 2 with a fiery passion that edges on peverse, and someone that just couldn't get into Torchlight 2 for some reason, and was utterly uninterested in the world and characters of Van Hellsing, Grim Dawn has finally satisfied my needs for a modern Diablo 2.I think the biggest thing that Grim Dawn gets right that most other D2 clones fail to recognize is having an actually interesting world with a good premise. It starts off by just throwing you in blind and doesn't tell you much other than you were possessed, but as you explore the world you find journal entries that give you insight into what happened.Much like Diablo 2, Grim Dawn has a dark world where horrible things have happened. You awake in the apocalypse, the world is ending and only a tiny sliver of humanity remains to fight back. The world is filled with gruesome tales and your decisions(that's right, you actually get to make quite a few as you progress) can frequently have nasty unintended consequences.In other words, the setting is wonderful.The second thing this game does right is have a good skill system with satisfying special abilities. Too many Diablo clones fail because their progression system just feels dull, here you are always eager to level up because it gives you new or more deadly abilities.The combat has a lot of weight to it, and when you smash an enemy with a crit or a special attack it feels super satisfying as their corpse flies away from you with an explosive thwack!Length: no idea, not even done on my first play through, wayyy over 30 hours worth of content though. At 25 bucks this is a steal.Loot system is basically Diablo 2's, maybe not quite as good as D2's but that may be the nostalgia talking. There is a ton of loot to find, and it encourages you to try other classes and builds as you find epic loot for those classes.Overall, this is a fantastic game. And if you've been waiting years for something to scratch that Diablo 2 itch like I have, then this is definitely a game you need to try."
,Recommended,219990,16515637,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[BE]MalachiAD,"It may only be early access at this point, but the game deserves massive props. On first playthrough, there are scenarios that are placed that will try to deceive you and force you to use your better judgement. Using your judgement incorrectly can force you to kill otherwise 'mostly' innocent NPCs (Julius & Helen in Arkovia for example). Things are not always what they seem with the setups.The class system is brilliant for an ARPG, two characters playing the same class-combo can end up entirely different depending on playstyle. It's a fairly new take on things that ARPGs have been building on for decades now; For example, two Blademasters (Soldier+Nightblade) can end up with one being a two-handed using tanky warrior type, while the other ends up more like a dual-wielding assassin with an arsenal of area effect abilities at their hand. All the skills are fairly decent and there isn't a wrong way to build your class --and if you feel you have built it 'wrong', you get a second chance with skill resets whenever you want.The game is also very fluid. Other than the given glitches that will most likely be fixed in full release, I have no complaints about this game."
,Recommended,219990,14200626,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Hamunces,"To sum up Grim Dawn, imagine Diablo 2 crossed with Titans Quest, with a tiny hint of roguelike thrown in.This game is being developed by some of the developers from the creators of Titans Quest, and is using the Titans Quest engine. However, within the engine they have managed to change the game enough to make it distinct from a Titans Quest mod. Think similarly to Unreal Engine. It may not be as flexible, but god damn if Crate can't bend it anyway.The game heavily favors exploration, with secret quests, bosses and chests hidden around the world. Its fun to find new stuff, and even more entertaining to blow a friends mind by showing them where a level 30 boss is in a level 18 zone. Yes, he will destroy you if you aren't very prepared.There is very little hand holding inherant in the game, however the community more than makes up for it. Due to a previously successful kickstarter, there is a large community who have been helping guide newbies, and also to just have fun together. I would highly recommend joining the forums, and atleast reading the developer journals 'Grim Misadventures' as they provide sneak peaks at upcoming content.Yes, this game is incomplete currently, however, what they have released so far is well worth the price in my opinion. Torchlight 2 was a similar price, and may currently have Grim Dawn on play length (I think it would actually be close however) but only up to Act 3 Chapter 1 is currently playable.The build system will be similar to anyone who knows something about Titans Quest, with the combination of two different skill trees, i.e. Demolitionist+Nightblade=Saboteur.Simply put, if you enjoyed older ARPG's, filled with secrets and crazy builds, then you will most likely enjoy this. Atleast give the forums a peek.- Ham"
,Recommended,219990,21487691,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Shandu,"What can I say? I'm 6hrs into this game and I'm already amazed by its complexity and variety in skills and builds, only surpassed by Path of Exile.This game is the ultimate ARPG cocktail. Titan Quest's and Diablo 2's perfect child.Only thing that I really don't like about this game is the monotonous atmosphere and the very limited color palette that the developers chose for the artwork. Every single zone seems to be the same as the previous one. But the fantastic gameplay itself compensates for this flaw.Pros:- Huge variety in skills and builds, only surpassed by PoE- Every character can have two classes at the same time and you can combine their skills and traits- Many different upgradeable items, armor and weapons- Very interesting boss fights- Faction system, where you can get reputation points for doing quests/slaying monsters for each faction- Huge replay value, your decisions matter in every playthrough + you have to try all the buildsCons:- Monotonous artwork and atmosphere- Questlines can be confusing, you can get stuck and might not know where you should go nextI would totally recommend this game to any RPG/ARPG fan, especially ones who miss the good old Diablo and Titan Quest days, and the game has a reasonable price as well!9/10, Nashud"
,Recommended,219990,21887297,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,iN$AnE,"In my opinion this is the best ARPG currently on the market. It plays a lot like Diablo 2 and Titan Quest but with nice graphics.It is a loot-based game which focuses on boss farming to acquire good loot (like in Diablo 2 and not like in Diablo 3 where you farm whole areas to get loot). While your character gets better when you level up and spend points on your stats and skills, you can be godlike when you have godlike gear.The game has 6 ""pure"" classes with its own skill tree. You can dual-class which gives a total of 21 possible classes (15 dual classes and 6 pure classes). The skill system is very in-depth but still easy to understand and the possibilities of different builds are very enormous. The max level is 85, after finishing the game at normal difficulty you will be around level 50 and there are two more difficulties.There is also a Hardcore mode, multiplayer, an extensive crafting system and an achievements system.Overall a very good game, I would recommend it! The replay value is really high and if you like ARPGs you can expect a few hundred hours of fun from this game."
76561198073735477,Recommended,219990,32400425,Posted: 13 June,all,impact_bias,"I enjoy this game very much.  The Devs are active, and the game's maps have alot of room for future development.Pro's : very easily soloable, very little effort needed to play (depending on your build), quests aren't as easy as goto here (you will have to do some exploring). New Free playables, the dev's have not made us pay for any new content on the original map.  yet anyways.Con's :  If you love to farm and have the time to farm then this is also a pro; drop rates for the build you have are aweful, i don't mind though i made 8 different characters to remedy this.  also if you plan to do the harder steam achievements either you take alot of time to get them done or get help, and like anything else people want something in return but not everyone."
76561198065164422,Recommended,219990,24311893,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Shacck,Best Diablo 3 patch ever.
76561198056601000,Recommended,219990,13151239,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Weynar,"This is honestly one of the best games I've played overal and easily the best ARPG. It's obvious to see how the developers are in this to make a great game they're proud to put their name on, and they rightfully have a lot of loyal fans who have been with them since the Alpha or some point in the Beta. I started playing in late Alpha, and the game was rather good even in that early state and they only continue to vastly improve it. It's really great to see developers not try to get away with the minimum amount to make X sales but pay great attention to detail and continue to go above and beyond of what would be an 'acceptable release'. I can't wait until this game is finished, if you enjoy ARPGs at all this is a MUST buy.You pick a class at level 1, and once you reach level 10 you have the option to pick a second class, although you can do it at any level after 10 as well if you're not sure what to pick. This allows you to have some really great hybrid builds with huge replayability potential. There are currently 5 classes, so the combinations you can make are quite large, and they plan to add at least 1 more class in every expansion.Grim Dawn has a great mix of C'thonian elements, undead and other demensional demonic enemies. The environment is beautifully crafted and the plot/quests are well thought out, the additional info diaries you can find are fun to collect and read, although not a nonsense mundane task like some games make finding such things to be.Grim Dawn has a good difficulty level and can further be increased by choosing a Veteran mode, and later when the game is released more difficulties will be released.10/10"
,Recommended,219990,28974234,Posted: 3 January,all,Cosmic_Anomaly,"To start, I've played just about all of the major ARPG's. Diablo, Diablo 2 and 3. Titan Quest and expansion, Torchlight, Torchlight 2 and Path of Exile.I saw numerous reviews prior to purchasing this stating the game was easy and had no difficulty. They either played a different game, or only tried the lowest difficulty. I just finished the main game on Veteran(2nd difficulty), first playthrough. I had at least 100 deaths. The game brings a huge challenge on higher difficulties, especially if your gear is behind and your build is not optimized.Which brings me to my first gripe. You picked 2 classes of the bunch as your character. The max level is 85, which equates to around 228 skill points I believe. Each class has 20-30 skills with ranks going from 1 to anywhere as high as 12. So to rank 1 skill to max you have to use 12 skill points. For me, I have never been good with theorycrafting so this is a big challenge for me and a stresser. There aren't a ton of builds out there on the web to go off of, so you kind of have to make good choices or your character won't have enough resistances or skills to kill the bosses. If you love theorycrafting and TONS of different options for builds, you will love this. It's not as complex as Path of Exile, but there's a ton of build variety.My next few gripes I will lump together. There's a weird level scaling system in place. Some areas have a max level for scaling while others seem to not, or have a higher threshold. If you find yourself getting slaughtered by a boss, and go level 4 or 5 times and come back, the boss will still be 4 or 5 levels higher than you. It makes it hard to want to keep going sometimes, because you feel like youre on a stairstepper that doesn't end. I occasionally had crashes/freezes. There is also some line of sight issues with ranged abilities. I also found the navigation to be buggy sometimes when dealing with areas with multiple platforms or levels.As this game was made by the people who did Titan Quest, this game throws mountains of loot at you. 99/100 pieces of the loot will be useless, but it's good for making money. Which you'll need to buy lots of potions, and some nice gear upgrades from the reputation vendors.The game has reputation factions which you gain rep with and each rank of rep has different rewards. It's a nice side grind/progress checker. The music, level design and art is great. I found the main theme to be very nostalgic of Diablo.I finished the game in just under 30 hours on my first playthrough and managed to get to level 50. I found myself wanting to keep progressing each time and keep finding those upgrades and getting that next level so I could get a new skill or new buff. If you enjoy ARPG's, you really can't go wrong with this game. I am glad I bought it, and expect to try to get a char to max level and try the harder difficulties. I do not regret buying this what-so-ever, and fully recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the genre. There's a ton of stuff to do, the areas are huge, there's tons of loot, great music, great build diversity, and it's quite challenging."
,Recommended,219990,25308684,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,V. Wonderdodge,"Better than Diablo?tl;drThis game is a very well-executed ARPG. From the vastness of the customization to the richness of the gameplay, you're bound to have a fresh playthrough, even mulitple times. The world's atmosphere is also inviting and imaginative, even if the story is difficult to grasp. 8.5/10.GameplayThis is where the game shines. You have six different masteries (classes). You choose your first at level 2. You choose your second at level 10, and you can harmonize them. You feel in complete control of your character and what sh/e does best. This is refreshing.Diablo was tons of fun, but the character development is a bit locked. I mean, you can choose what kind of demon slayer or barbarian you want to be, but you're still just that character and nothing more. And as you level in Diablo, you get stronger and unlock more skills, but there feels like there's always abestway to play your character.With Grim Dawn, you don't feel that way. Choose a class, and then have seeminglycompletecontrol over what that character does best. You level the character's abilities, but you have a choice between what skills the character employs. You don't unlock one skill at a time, you unlock a handful as your progress through your mastery, and you can ignore one for another, or choose and level all of them.You also come across shrines in the game. Cleanse the shrines and you get a devotion point, which can be used to further enhance your character's abilities by choosing a constellation to populate (it'll make sense when you play it). Choosing the right constellations means that as you progress you'll become even stronger. It's like leveling inside leveling, and is definitely an added plus.Fighting, attacking, talking and looting are all typical for any ARPG, which is fine.The Diffculty: Where is the Blacksmith?The difficulty options themselves are typical. There are three levels, Normal, Elite and Ultimate. You unlock each difficulty as you beat the game, according to the wiki. But, if any of the diffculties are too easy for you, you can toggle the ""Veteran"" modifier, for those who are veterans of the genre. More enemies, more elite and champion enemies and better loot. Torment mode in Diablo seems more fleshed out, but this is a streamlined, simplified process for the same thing.Another neat point of emphasis is that, like Diablo and Torchlight, you can find characters that give you even more to work with. The blacksmith can make weapons and armor, vendors sell them. One person allows you to unsocket a gem, etc. What's really cool is the ease with which you can respec. It's available fairly early in the game from one of the characters.""Wait a second. Why did you begin this section asking where the blacksmith is? Didn't you just say he's there?""Yes I did. But what's neat about this game is that you can miss him. Oreven if you find him, you don't have to send him to town. And so it goes with at least a handful of the characters I've encountered. You can just not ever find him/her and progress the game anyway.This adds an enriching aspect to the gameplay. So, you're forced to fully explore areas, but not merely for loot. This is huge. Diablo at points (particularly when you're a lower level and especially before the DLC) felt like it had you running through areas simply to find loot. That's ok, I guess. It's cool to find stuff, but it feels like it's just extending the game.Not so, with Grim Dawn. Fail to fully explore an area and you might miss something very important. How many ARPGs can boast that? I mean, I killed the boss in Act I and was merely searching for scrap in an area I already ""cleared"" (enemies return) to advance the story. I ran into a note while on this endeavor, and it eventually pointed the way to a challenge dungeon. An entire challenge dungeon would have been missed if it weren't for my proclivity to sell all the scrap I get.This adds to the diffculty and makes playing the game feel exciting. You never know who or what you'll find so long you look in every nook and cranny.Oh, and there are challenge dungeons (hehe). They contain good loot, and they level as you level. The boss of the area is always several levels above you. Good luck.MultiplayerMultiplayer does its job. Play with up to four friends. Enemies get stronger and loot gets better with the more players you add. This is cool.What's especially good about multiplayer is that you don'tneedto play with a friend. Although, it's much more enjoyable hooking up with a friend on Curse (Steam chat sucks) and playing this together, you can search a vast list of servers and join anyone who's decided to host an open, passwordless mulitplayer game. So, you can play with friends, or you can make friends and play. Win/win.StoryI want to make it known that it's clear the developers put a lot of effort with the budget they had to make a vibrant world including characters that are full of life coupled with an immersive, if flawed, story. I mean, I came across an NPC that was about to commit a terrible act, and I could either fight and kill him or talk him down. The tension was adaquately palpable; I had a very real feeling that I could influence the story. You don't get that very often, even with games that offer so-called choices.But, I'm playing with my third character where I've reached level 20 (I haven't yet finished the game, just trying different builds), and I'm finally starting to get a grip on the story. And it still somewhat feels a bit convoluted. Part of the reason this review begins asking if this is better than Diablo, rather than outright saying it, is because in Diablo the story is laid bare. Perhaps slightly less immersive, it's at least very easy to follow. It's easy to sort of get caught up in the fighting and looting and miss the lore the devs worked for in Grim Dawn.Now, being that this is an indie dev, I understand why much of the story is relayed to you via Lore findings. Instead of having a budget for tons more voice acting, much of the story is given by finding a journal, book or text that tells you what's going on and what happened in the area. It's not that I mind reading per se, but you have to stop in the middle of the action and read a lenghty discourse about what's going on.Controller or kb/m?First off, this game works well enough with the Steam Controller. Good job devs on including a comprehensive default donfiguration.But, the controller versus kb/m debate is still there. There are two dominant aspects of the game: Exploring and Fighting. The tool you decide to use clearly shines in one aspect or the other. Controller is by far preferable when in the midst of a fight. You can map your unlocked skills to the buttons (in-game!) and very easily just press that button when you want to execute that skill.But where the controller falls short is exploring. Moving is made better having a stick, but it just feels like a chore to click the right pad to get my cursor to appear, then move the cursor before I do essential actions (traveling to an area, opening character screen, talk to NPC, picking up items, etc). Kb/m shines in this area, but fighting is slightly more work.Also, every time I go to change controller configs (using Big Picture Mode), whenever I return to the game my controller doesn't work anymore. I have to restart the game to get my controller to work again. It saves my config changes, but this hinders the ability to change configs on the fly, which is a defining characteristic of the Steam Controller.The VerdictScore: 8.5 of 10Controller or kb/m: Kb/m is better, both work fine.Single or multiplayer: Does both well! Good job, devs!Buy it?: $25 is a deal. A great buy if on sale.Replay it?: Yes."
,Recommended,219990,9440919,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"If you like Titan's Quest, you should get Grim Dawn. If you don't like Titan's Quest, you should probably not ever mention that in sociable company again."
,Recommended,219990,14975271,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,PrivateLev,"This game is really polished so far.~~~All the classes are pretty cool.~~~You can have dual classes.~~~Has variety of builds.~~~Cool healing mechanic.~~~Very Challenging if you turn on the Veteran mode.~~~World looks very dark and gritty which I love.~~~Some boss have cool mechanics.~~~Decent Crafting system.And if you are fan of ARPG like diablo, path of exile, torchlight, titan quest !!!! This game is a must buy !!!! You won't regret buying this game !"
76561198032705817,Recommended,219990,17840962,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,shadeling,"I LOVE this game.But then, I already had a good feeling I would because I have also loved Titan's Quest so when I heard that Grim Dawn was also being developed by the same development team, I was super excited!Staying true to their roots, Crate is bringing the best of what made TQ so fun and keeping true to a very similar class system that they used for Titan's Quest where there are base classes, in this game six I think, each combine with one another to form masteries but I've seen plenty of gameplay videos that show just playing through as a pure class is as viable as is mixing it up to create the masteries.So besides the fact that this game takes place in a really gritty, dystopian reality,  this is also the first ARPG where I actually experiencedchoice and consequence!!  Before now, when playing the typical ARPG like Diablo or Torchlight, I'm so used to just clicking through text because none of it really matters, it all would lead to the same thing, so imagine my surprise when I was doing just that and found out I managed to annihilate an entire settlement, who were just trying to stay alive best they could, but my sloppiness ensured their destruction, of course I got another quest out of it that I wouldn't have received otherwise but still, I know for a fact I have never felt so guilty before EVER when playing an ARPG in the past so now I'm more careful when I read through text because it doesn't matter if you quit the game and come back to farm loots, that poor rickety shambles of a village will still be just as dead as it was when I destroyed it so carelessly the first time.  That is simply AWESOME!!!And on top of that,  there is faction gameplay as well so you can align yourself with certain powers that be which will give availability to cool gear and items you wouldn't get otherwise but also increases the replayability as well, over and above what the class/masteries provide alone.As of right now, it's not possible to choose factions that could possibly royally screw over the first settlement where your character starts and is accepted into for story reasons. Even so, with the factions mechanic they already have in place, I wouldn't be at all surprised if a future expansion or dlc will make such a thing very possible because your starting area is coveted by many, so this faction gameplay they've added to Grim Dawn makes the future possibilities of the game's potential really exciting!I just can't recommend this game more highly!!"
,Recommended,219990,18276919,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ParadiseMantis,"Diablo 3 is too simplified and baby-tier.Path of Exile requires six spreadsheets and a bible to pray with.Titan Quest has a weird Greek theme to it and needs mods to run as intended.So why not play Grim Dawn? For starters its offline so you're not waiting on anyone else's servers or connections (unless you want to play multiplayer) and while it isn't free like PoE its much cheaper than D3 and you don't have to run it through a redundant client. Everything you need to play Grim Dawn gets downloaded through Steam which shouldn't be a selling point but in today's time not coming saddled with DRM or always-online requirements is quite the bow on the box.As for the game itself its typical ARPG fair. Find monsters, bludgeon them until they die, pick up loot, rinse and repeat. Grim Dawn manages to make that pretty satisfying though, on par with D3 actually (although the gritty aesthetic does appeal more to me than D3s aesthetic) and much more so than PoE where a lot of attacks seem to not even connect. It uses a tri-stat system and is very similar to a finished, polished, and reskinned Titan Quest with more stuff in it. Making a return is the two-class system which is pretty good fun and encourages lots of replay to see what each combination feels like in play (even if you can see, on paper, how they appear if you go looking.)The mechanics encourage a wider variety of things than D3s 'Add more to your primary stat' equipment. A lot of the time you have to think about things and make sure that the extra +5% Physical damage bonus is worth the loss of 3% of your armor value and all of your Cold resistance because you don't know the next time some random frost-covered skeletor is going to show up and hand you your♥♥♥♥♥on a plate. There are hardly ever any 'pure upgrades' if you keep upgrading your equipment consistently and the crafting system helps this out a lot.The real shocker is that making equipment is actually worth your time instead of the usual 'I can just pick it up off the ground, why bother?' mentality that plagues most ARP games. A lot of the time you can make better items than what you find so you're going to be almost always short on supplies and currencies which is really pretty unique considering the mountain of gold I'm sitting on in D3 and the bank stashes full of PoE currency items. There just seems to be a lot of attention to detail to make the game better than its competition.I can't make a sales pitch to people who don't know the genre, you're going to just look deep inside yourself and find out how much grind and loot hunting you're ready to commit to, but for everyone else? You're looking for the buzzwords of 'Its better than Diablo 2' but I'm not here to give you that judgement - I'm here to tell you that its better than everything else in the modern market.If you want to know if it beats out the classic D2? Try it out."
,Recommended,219990,13692244,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Captain Happy,"Highly recommended game for fans of any Diablo game, Path of Exile, Titan Quest, Torchlight, Fate etc.The things that drew me to this game was two things:1) It has single player (offline with no latency or disconnect issues)2) Dark atmosphereOther things that are awesome about this game:-Grim Dawn developers have paid high attention to details, both visually and also dialogue. Graphics are very nice (although needs optimizing, but that always happens just before actual game release) and dialogue is quite good and sometimes funny as well (serious funny, not childish funny (not that there's anything wrong with that)) and there are no inconsistencies as far as I have noticed such as how Leah in Diablo 3 is powerful enough to open a gate, but the main hero is not, yet can defeat Diablo etc.-The game is friendly to people with certain disabilities such as sufferers of motion sickness (option to turn off camera shaking) and people with colour blindness (several clolour blindness options to suit the type of colour blindness you have). I cannot tell you how well these options work as I do not actually suffer from these disabilities, but I really like that the developers pay attention to this.-So the fact that the environments are not randomly generated like other ARPGs worried me a little but they are a large part of what keeps a game interesting for me, but I can assure anyone that the environments do indeed stay fresh because of a number or reasons. There are all kinds of debris that can block your path in one game session, then in a different game session it'll be elsewhere (they vary per game session) meaning you still have to explore the map a little further. There are also many caves/dungeons that are optional but there are many and exploring them does reward you nicely, adding high satisfaction to the gameplay.-Again, the darker atmosphere of this game is not necessarily scary, but it is indeed gloomy and people who enjoy Diablo will particularly enjoy the atmosphere of Grim Dawn.-I have not looked too much into the lore, but what I have heard and read about does make me want to look into it further. The idea of the game taking place after a recent kind of apocalypse is always cool and it does make you think of Fallout 3 in that sense. You meet characters in the game who are struggling to survive in the post apocalyptic environment with dangerous monsters (and people) roaming the wilds that were once safe in the past.-Like a lot of people say, the game is built on the exact same engine that the game Titan Quest (awesome ARPG from 2006 and STILL very good and quite up to date with newer games in every aspect, including graphics). You can easily tell as most of the UI also looks very similar in both structure and art style as Titan Quest. Not only that though, the physics feel exactly like in Titan Quest and the character animation has the same kind of heavy feel to them as well.-Items. Similar affix system as you get in most ARPGs. Random stats will be applied to each item that you pick up. It's nothing revolutionary, but it's a system that is used in many games because it works and actually manages to keep the game fresh for a while. There are magic items, epic items, legendary items, all that kind of stuff. It's all good though!-The game has factions similar to ones you see in World of Warcraft. You complete quests for a certain group of people and you increase your reputation with them, making them respect you more and there is a meter in the character menu so you can keep track of it. It's exciting to see what more the developers will do with this as there are a lot of possibilities they could play around with in such a feature.-Levelling, stats and abilities. Most abilities are cool, but I have not explored it much because I have only played 1 character for about 19 hours as of this review and another small character for less than 1 hour. I can say though that you always anticipate the next level you reach in the game as you get to apply point into stats and also abilities and you do actually feel that your character grows every level. As of this review, the level cap is only 40 which will increase as more of act 3 gets accessible (I think act 3 is the final act..?) but I don't think anybody knows what the max level will be yet but it seems to me that the developers want the game to remain fun and add endgame. They have mentioned on their website that after release they are planning on implementing a game mode where you defeat endless waves of monsters and then you can test how far you get etc, although not much detail has been provided yet.-Another thing I would like to mention is that the developers do not believe in pay-to-win or small useless DLC updates. However, they do want to create expansions to the game after release (paid expansions such as Lord of Destruction, Immortal Throne, Reaper of Souls etc.) which is awesome really.-Music is very good.The developers are very active and update the playable game regularly. Check out their websitehttp://www.grimdawn.com/for information on the content and features of the game on the Game Guide menu.Very good game. Happy I contributed to supporting the developers.9.5/10EDIT: I would like to add some cons about the game as to not be too biased towards the game.-So obviously the game needs work on the optimization but that always happens near the end of development.-Combat COULD improve in a way but is not a large problem. I feel (as a melee character) that not much strategy is involved. My class does not really use energy (mana) and I have never ever run out of it before. A lot of monsters' movement speed is faster than you so you cannot avoid their attacks and it ends up with you using potions. The frequency of using potions is similar to that of Diablo 2, give or take, depending on how much healing your class is capable of. I am okay with this, but I do enjoy the way that in Diablo 3 it is balanced in a different way where potions are an emergency heal with a long cooldown, rather than your main source of healing. Basically the combat could do with slightly more strategy as the only strategy I do is to run away from mobs real quick, heal, then go back but it is far from ruining it. It is a smaller problem than I may be making it out to be. Also it is in beta stage.-User Interface is not that smooth, but it was not in Titan Quest either but easily forgivable as it is not a huge issue or anything. It isn't unresponsive or anything, just not smooth in anyway, although the placement of the UI during combat or any activity is good and does not get in the way.Might update this review as time goes on, if I remember ;)"
76561198051146542,Recommended,219990,32720300,Posted: 24 June,all,Pallor,"Wow. Just wow. I am surprised I have never heard of this game. Absolutely gorgeous gem of a game with so much potential, very high quality polished game. The settings and scenery are drawn very well with decent textures, it just feels better to look at than many other rpgs, I feel more drawn in by the envirnments that are there for me to explore.Action loot rpg, you are not limited by small item find quests you are thrown into the world and can just keep going you are not super limited in the beginning like the feeling of diablo 3.  It is more fun that Diablo 3 as far as actual gameplay and feel of the game; the game is just fun to play. It has a diablo 2 / Torchlight 2 feel except slightly faster paced, d&d universe style vibes as well (just feels like there is a lot of history simply by the detail in basic things like the landscape).Now I will continue playing the game (the map looks huge, lots of visible areas to visit). Hopefully the end game goes well this is one hell of a game so far and surprised it hasn't had much much more coverage."
76561198021676032,Recommended,219990,34222839,Posted: 13 August,all,Wingthor,"On the surface, this game seems to be your regular Hack and Slash game. But it is much more.It is built upon a foundation that Titan Quest provided a decade ago and it's no wonder people consider Grim Dawn to be the ""spiritual successor"" to the former. It runs on the very same engine and many things were carried over from Titan Quest, such as dual classes and parts of the crafting system.In terms of character development, Crate Entertainment is miles ahead of both Grinding Gear and Blizzard (and probably every other developer). Grim Dawn features a dual class system, which means you can actually choose two character classes. You can choose your first class on level 2, and upon reaching level 10, a second class can be chosen. I didn't like it at first, I quickly learned to love it, as it gives you so many possibilities. Level-Ups actually feel rewarding and it really feels like you're ""building"" your character. It's glorious. Naturally, you get attribute points and skill points to spend when you gain a level, but there also is an extra layer of character development called ""devotion"". Now and then you come across shrines that have to be ""cleansed"" to get ""devotion points"". These points can be spend on a star map of sorts. Some people seem to compare this to Path of Exile's giant skill tree for some reason, but it's actually quite different. Devotion points are spent to unlock stars in a star constellation. Each constellation is aligned to an ""affinity"", so your first point is spent by choosing your affinity, which determines which constellations you can spend points on. Every star provides passive bonuses, like increased damage, resistances, armor, attributes, things like that. Once a constellation is complete, it grants an affinity bonus which unlocks further constellations to spend points on, and so on. This ""devotion system"" can massively improve your character, and in many cases even define it.The crafting system is rather interesting. And it's great. The blueprints and materials required for crafting items can usually be found dropping from monsters or in chests. However, the interesting thing is that even crafting materials can be crafted! Some of the materials needed to craft items can only be acquired by crafting, and some items require other items, so things can become rather complex and crafting an item often isn't as easy as it seems.The land of Cairn consists of beautiful, detailed and carefully crafted levels. And it has everything. There are dark swamps, snowy mountains, ruined cities, grim dungeons, barren wastelands, infested farmlands, and much more. The areas are also rather big and there are lots of secrets. Even after playing through the game several times, I sometimes find things that I never saw before.And the lore! Holy crap, there is so much lore and background story in this game. You could spend ages just reading.The only negative thing I can find about this game is the lack of voice acting. So far, only NPCs related to the main quests are voiced, everything else is text only.My love for this game goes deep, and I haven't had this much fun playing an ARPG since Diablo II (and to be honest, Grim Dawn feels more like a proper successor to Diablo II than Diablo III does). This seems a bold statement, but I think Grim Dawn is without question the best modern Hack and Slash game at the moment. It just crushes the competition and I can't wait for the expansion."
,Recommended,219990,23804095,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Suncake,"Grim Dawn is an awesome hack-and-slash RPG, and here's why I like it:- neat-looking graphics;- post-apocalytic atmosphere: badass, stylish armor, quests and written pieces of lore that help you submerge;- decent soundtrack;- 6 playable classes with possibility to combine any 2 of them, creating the array of different playstyles;- secrets everywhere;- soiled trousers (an epic item).Nothing special about the story, though: we're saving our world from the Great Evil again, but with the difference that the Evil has almost won by the moment we begin. Though, in process we discover that there is another, even greater Evil, so we fight it too.I barely tried multiplayer with random people, got no friends to walk through the game with.Grim Dawn is created on the same engine as Titan Quest, and they have a lot in common, but Grim Dawn feels more serious and deep. I'm enjoying this game, and so will be you if you like hack-and-slash RPG genre. 9/10 ragequits on hardcore character death."
,Recommended,219990,20142756,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Esoterica,"Grim Dawn; rather,The Incredible Adventures of Titan Diablo's Exile.More specifically, take the oppressive atmosphere ofDiablo I; the addictive gear-hunting and build-planning ofDiablo II; an expansive passive ability system a laPath of Exile; the visceral spell-slinging and skull-bashing ofDiablo III, an aesthetic befitting ofThe Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing. Beat gently in bowl along with the engine ofTItan Quest. Makes one game worthy of the title ofDiablo II's spiritual successor.Evenmore specifically, the sound design is excellent: Matt Uelmen-esque electric guitars and drums are accompanied by eerie ambient noises to create a genuine dungeon-crawling experience, and the environments are wonderful and befitting of the setting and mood. Maps are not randomly generated, meaning every cave and cellar is hand-crafted by the level designer, and worthy of tireless exploration.Your character begins as a blank slate- you decide on a class only after you've cut your teeth, and acquire a second class to progress in alongside your first. This makes character building more unique and provides you with access to new playstyles that incorporate different skills. In addition to this, finding shrines and offering them the right item rewards you with points with which you can progress in aPath of Exile-style map of passive effects ranging from small stat boosts to useful procs and playstyle modifications.Finally, the loot system and available gear consists of item tiers typical to the ARPG genre, but some rarer items heavily impact specific playstyles to the point entire builds can be centered around one. This, coupled with the fact no item is class-restricted, means your character can develop in several different directions at once to suit how you want to play.Grim Dawnis visceral, addicting and packed with eye candy that will satisfy for a long while. Stay tuned for its proper release, but don't hesitate to buy now to experience the game yourself."
,Recommended,219990,19896905,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,LotS,I have close to 300 hours logged.  I have something like 10 character builds going and I haven't seen even one of them through to completion because I keep wanting to try new builds.  There are too many character options.  When I go to sleep at night after playing this game I dream about skill trees and equipment sets.I think I have a serious problem.Send help.
76561198067474480,Recommended,219990,30462655,Posted: 11 March,all,PurplePirate,"If you are on the fence about this game, just get it, i have 700 hours played and i see myself getting many more. It class customization is huge, for example, there are 6 classes, you choose 2 of them, each class has atleast 2 types of damage, and some have 3, they are also releasing an expansion soon thats bringing 2 more classes. If your thinking you are just gonna go play D3 instead, don't, D3 has 1 or 2 sets per class that are viable, but there are sooo many more viable combinations and variety in this than in D3. This game also has an intriguing story line and decisions actually change what happens in the future, and can change the story in some minor ways."
76561198119116443,Recommended,219990,21488009,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,CletusBob,"Complete list of reasons not to buy Grim Dawn:1.  You don't own a computer.2.  You don't like ARPG's.That's about it.  Everything about the game is solidly well done.  The skill trees feel like fun, meaningful upgrades.  The combat animations are rewarding, and I mean that turning something was once a large fanged monster into a pink mist with your big hammer feels like you'd want it to.  It's well polished.  Abilities do what they say they'll do.  Bugs probably exist, but I haven't experienced them.I played it for about 40 hours so months ago and felt like I got my money's worth, got bored and put it down.  What made me start playing it again?  Well, I re-installed Diablo 3 the other day, and it made me miss Grim Dawn.  Diablo 3 feels like a Zynga game compared to this.I suppose the question you're really asking is ""But how does it stack up against Path of Exile?""  And that's a reasonable question.  In terms of quality, I don't see where one is better than the other.  The meaningful difference is simply that while Path of Exile aims for a sandbox-y feeling emphasizing customization by randomizing absolutely everything, Grim Dawn takes a much more traditional, structured, approach.  I couldn't really say one is better, but I prefer Grim Dawn.Probably the only criticism I have the game doesn't really innovate at all.  You've a few classes with skill trees, you can dual class and use 2 skill trees, and there are shrines you can find that give you points to put in a secondary skill tree system.  There's loot with stats.  Better stats let you hit things harder and kill tougher things to get better loot to kill tougher things.  It's arguable how much that matters.  I want something more innovative, but I recognize that most attempts to re-invent the wheel end up wrecking it, so I can't really blame developers for just creating a really good standard wheel.So, the bottom line is:  I bought it, played it, and enjoyed it.  If you like ARPG's, you'll get your money's worth out of it."
,Recommended,219990,29532797,Posted: 27 January,all,avan_horn,"Great game. Despite the tag, doesn't feel like an indie to me; everything is crisp and well made. I only have minor complaints, mostly issues of personal preference. Not actual flaws with the game design. I enjoy PoE and the Torchlights, but for my time Grim Dawn captures my attention far better.No cheap deaths or useless skill selections, unlike Torchlight 2.Has a variety of endgame builds and choice, unlike the narrow builds, unnecessary ""complexity,"" and illusion of choice in PoE, though you can definitely still screw up.I perused the negative reviews to see if there is anything I could address. Just about every one is pretty laughable.Two people with 1200+ hours giving negative ranty reviews rambling on about PoE. You had more than 50 full days played on a game before you realized it was bad? You paid $25 or less for 1200 hours of gameplay; even if I hated a game by 1200 hours, it was still compelling enough to keep me playing all that time and warrants a recommendation (unless the game is entirely different than when the player played, in which this game is not).Bunches of people complaining about enemy hero difficulty or energy regen problems who clearly couldn't be bothered to choose their skills a bit more consciously or stack some regen stats/skills, and not try to facetank hard hitting heroes with low defensive stats.All in all, I had a blast playing this ARPG and will come back to it for DLC and random playthroughs in the future. Best $15 I've spent on Steam in a while."
,Recommended,219990,19787775,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,mind.gamez,"Now that I've clocked about 50 hours into this game and witnessed a year of updates. I can say I'm very impressed with it's progress under early access. The story is well written, detailed, interesting oh and of course very dark twisted and Grim. I play mostly co-op on LAN and  it runs smoothly with very little lag. The graphics and level of detail put into each of the buildings shows you right away that a lot of love was put into the game. I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,219990,21417447,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Riggs,"I'm not typically compelled to write a review, but after playing about an hour and a half of Grim Dawn, I'm totally drawn in. I was a huge Titan Quest fan back in the day, and it's great to see this format of ARPG in top form.Grim Dawn is basically Titan Quest mixed with Bloodborne, and the combination is pretty intoxicating. It's a bit rough around the edges (some clunky UI and voice acting) but from the little time I've spent with the game, hits hard where it matters. Really satisfying combat, compelling classes and systems, fully realized world, and most importantly, controller support.What surprises me the most is that the game was made with some constrained resources and circumstances and with a relatively small team. Congrats to Crate and I hope this thing takes off.It's a really fascinating game."
76561197961938517,Recommended,219990,29371745,Posted: 20 January,all,Samsquanch,"Grim Dawn is an amazing ARPG game, built on the Titan Quest engine. With all the best elements of classic and newer ARPGs, such as Diablo 2, Path of Exile, and Torchlight. GD smartly avoids the tedious mechanics present in some games (PoE), and the way D3 forced you into certain builds if you wish to be viable at the highest difficulty. GD's class building system is extremely customizable, with its multi-class system and giant devotion tree on top of that. The class building possibilities are extreme and you will find yourself comming back again and again starting new classes and builds to try out. Hopefully finding a playstyle or 2 that suit you well, you will be in store for about 100hours of content, through 3 difficulties. So you will be playing through the same world / map at least 3 times. If this is a big problem for you, then some of the more randomized ARPG games might be better for you. Yet the designers of GD have done a good job at keeping it interesting and exciting, with higher chances of more Nemesis bosses spawning as you progress through the difficulties, and of course the LOOT you will find better shinier gear as you move up from normal - elite and finally ultimate where the majority of epics will be found. There is also a faction reputation system, allowing you to buy useful items from faction vendors as you gain reputation completing quests for them and killing their enemies.The loot is always an important factor for ARPGs and this is another area the devs have excelled at. The loot is varied and many pieces have their own usefull skills. Playing a soldier / demo / nightblade but want to summon pets to fight with you? You can do that, provided you find the right items. There is a crafting system which is the standard fair and includes an extrensive socketing system with components which you collect, combine and craft into more powerful components. Eventually culminating in what is called Relics, the most powerfull of which will take you many many hours to be able to complete and bring powerfull benefits to your character.It is my opinion that GD, is the gold standard for ARPG games, it's basically what fans of the classic Diablo 2 wanted out of Diablo 3 without the online-focus. While online play is definitely available and working in GD, it is a very fun game with a group of friends (4 player co-op). Beware though, the more players and effects on-screen the more powerfull of a computer you will need. Even with high-end hardware, I need to turn down the settings in-game when I plan on playing with friends who use a lot of special effects. (lighting, effects). I have also experienced very rare crashing, about 3 or 4 times in 150 hours and this only when I was multi-tasking having multiple other applications running. Other than that there are of course few others issues with the game, somewhat limited inventory space specifically early on. The over-abundance of trash loot, which if you are a compulsive looter might be annoying trying to vendor everything all the time with limited inventory. Certain bosses, feeling over-powering when playing specific class builds and certain crafting items / components seeming particularly hard to aquire. GD's faults overall are very minimal and easily over looked when compared to the fun gameplay and depth of content.Get this game if you are a fan of Torchlight, Diablo 2, Path of Exile. Consider passing on it if you already have and enjoy the game design of Diablo 3, as this isnt your casual friendly ARPG with class-based loot drop systems and speed-leveling. There is also a full expansion being developed if support for the game is a concern of yours, you can rest assured the devs are still at work and supporting this product. Mod support is also open, with many creators working on new classes, items and game balance for your customized desires."
,Recommended,219990,13516965,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Silben,In early access I said this game was already a top contender for best ARPG sense Diablo 2's Lord of Destruction. Now well out of early access and looking at an expansion in the hopefully-not-too-distant future I can say without a doubt this is the best ARPG I have played. The loot system feels rewarding for a single player game without it being too easy to aquire loot or too hard to get the items you need. The lore is strong with a H.P. Lovecraft vibe and well written characters. Highly recommend this game to any fans of the ARPG genre or wanting to give ARPGs a try!
,Recommended,219990,21493839,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,DorianGray,"Just: Wow! I bought Grim Dawn last evening when I saw it first on Steam (didn't know it was in development and that there was an Early Access version), and now it's getting morning. 10 hours straight, that happened last to me when Diablo 2 came out.Great combat mechanics, good graphics (no D3 like cartoon style), interesting classes, class combos and skills, very nice level design, motivating reward mechanics, easy learning curve, good balance, never frustrating and simply fun. It's a 10/10 from my side ... I have no clue why this is less than €20.00, it already entertained me more than many of the so called ""AAA full price"" titles."
,Recommended,219990,17422467,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Fry The Brain,The Diablo 3 I've always wanted.
76561198053560090,Recommended,219990,18248363,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,daparplayer,"F###ing awesome game.  Still incomplete, but with what I've experienced so far, it'll keep getting better and better.  If you played and loved Diablo 2, you'll get sucked right into this one without a doubt.Only thing I could ask for is more more more items.  It's unreasonable to assume they're not going to be coming out with plenty more,  but what makes these games so awesome is the different unique items you can deck your character out with.   Not like how  in other games when everyone basically wears the same s### and looks just alike.  Make us work for the supreme gear!  Plz don't make it super easy to get decked out with the greatest.A+  Keep it coming"
,Recommended,219990,30337255,Posted: 5 March,all,Jutajazz,"I've been playing Diablo 2 for the past 3 or so weeks and then decided to spice things up by giving other ARPG games a try, and so I came back to Grim Dawn.Let's get one thing out of the way - I think Grim Dawn is a great game environment and story wise, it's a game I was expecting Diablo 3 to give us. Dark graphics with terrifying aspects, great and appropriate variation in music regarding areas and a great variation of character skill trees, splitting between them having it simple, yet complex at the same time, so you have the opportunity to create whoever you want, adapting to any playstyle with a lot of variation.The first 30 hours were fun, but at the same time, I was kinda peeved by the fact that gameplay/loot/leveling mechanic wise, it feels like a revamped Titan Quest game, which don't get me wrong, from the developers side it is good, they took inspiration from Titan Quest in that regard, seeing that it's way easier and a lot more adaptable to play, with more possibilities and flexible character creation, compared to a lot of other ARPG titles of it's time (Diablo 2 for example). I think that was the right choice, at the same time, it took me some time to look past that, seeing that they did keep a one con of the Titan Quest game, which is that once you have a set character at the middle game with the playstyle you were aiming for, you kill everything in sight, except for some high burst damage/tanky enemies that you either don't notice in the high numbers of enemies later on, or you just don't react quickly enough. Additionally, because of this you try to buff out one ""skill tree"" and just a few skills from it to have a good combo and rotation between them so you don't die.The issue with this is, if you are new to the game, you just wanna jump in and go on killing stuff while creating your character and don't take interest in any of the atmosphere they put so much effort in, you will get bored by level 30-50.My suggestion - try a different character, with a different/opposite approach and try getting yourself interested in the story, give it some time and play it with a new look and some fresh air, you will have fun with it.If you give this game a try and read the different pieces of lore, pay attention to the environment, story, characters, read dialog and so on, you will enjoy it and the ""Normal"" mode of the game is going to be a nice breeze through, after that I'm guessing you move on to the actually start of the game: farming items, trying out different skill trees, etc. (Haven't beaten the game yet, can't tell you.)Compared to let's say PoE - you're not as dependable on the community and it's not as much of a grind. Depending on what kind of ARPG enthusiast you are - casual, medium or hardcore player - you will find this game worth your time, unlike PoE, which is difficult to get into in my opinion and eventually just makes you want to give up, unless you are set on trying and retrying different gear/gem/skill sets and have the time to grind for them.In short, this is a great ARPG title, especially from indie devs, seeing that they took the inspiration and best qualities from our favorite titles.This is a game you have to appreciate in whole, otherwise - you won't enjoy it."
76561198028908045,Recommended,219990,16345534,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,LePodd,Well-balanced and worryingly addictive.
,Recommended,219990,16448899,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,🔥 Daman 🔥,"One of my favorite games in the genre.The soundtrack, the environment, the artstyle, everything about this game is dark and gritty. People are comparing it to Diablo 3, but this game doesn't take a page out of Blizzard's World of Warcraft artstyle that looks like it came straight out of a Disney cartoon. Instead it tries to show you a bleak world where there is little hope of a better tomorrow.The story isn't spoon-fed on a silver platter, but instead small notes you read along the way really set the tone of the game. SLIGHT SPOILER: It starts with a sense of mistery. You WANT to know what happened to fallen kingdoms, forgotten cities, destroyed families. The notes you read at the start only give you clues to the events that befell the world around you. It really grabs you and immerses you into the world (if you actually try rather than just mindlessly killing things).This isn't an ""MMO"" like Path of Exiles or Diablo 3 claim to be. Instead this is more of a single-player game WITH multiplayer elements (CO-OP). Even in its early state this game is worth the money since it already has a large amount of playable content that will keep you entertained.The gear is great, the abilities are fun, and combat is good. I did experience some crashing when playing in CO-OP though. Overall, if you like this genre and like the dark setting Diablo 2 had and enjoy a decent story then this is definitely a purchase you can't pass up."
76561198002737868,Recommended,219990,32670240,Posted: 23 June,all,Chance,"Love this game, Is like a darker Titan Quest and have enjoyed it much more then D3"
,Recommended,219990,31021869,Posted: 8 April,all,Oh! Mikey!,"Very great hack'n slash top down ARPG, with solid story campaign + 15 classes combination, developer keep updating and adding new expansion to the game, must buy & play!  The graphic and UI may looks a bit outdated however.P.S. It support color blind!!!"
76561198031163558,Recommended,219990,30428275,Posted: 10 March,all,shegi,this is MY GAME. !!! I LIKE EVERYTHING. !!! ANY IMPOVEMENT YOU MADE UNTIL TODAY IT IS A NICE SUPRISE FOR ME. KEEP GOING !!!!!!
76561197984632839,Recommended,219990,13173050,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MNME,"At a beta release, this game is more complete than Diablo III's full price AAA release.Guaranteed way to kill an afternoon smashing things.  Brings back all the addictive fun of Diablo II / Titan Quest without the 15 year olds."
76561198003040453,Recommended,219990,26692228,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Robi,+ Satisfying H&S-Game+ Good Class-System+ Cool and a lot of items+ Good Atmosphere and Graphics+ Good Charactersystem (Devotion)- Story and Monsterdesign too generic- Sometimes too monotous- Demoltionist is in my opinion a useless class-> Must have if you played and liked Titan Quest-> Best Alternative to Diablo 3 and Path of Exile
76561198062439840,Recommended,219990,21593232,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,🎨T. r. Shadow🎸,"Review of: Grim Dawn~ by SilvioThe successor to ""Diablo II"" I've been waiting for over a decade!Little overview for all you nice people reading:- 1) Overall- 2.1) Character-creation in Main-Menu- 2.2) Character-creation In-Game- 2.3) Character-Info In-Game & Difficulty- 3) Factions- 4) Recipes (also: Crafting)- 5) Story and Voice-Acting- 6) Conclusion1) OVERALL:Now, what does this game have?For me, it's dark.Like Diablo II dark back in my childhood.From its ambience, the soundtracks, the graphics.When my character hits someone, it feels heavy. Like that ""I-connect-my-fist-with-that-monsters-face-violence"" heavy.2.1) CHARACTER-CREATION IN MAIN-MENU:There is not a lot of selection going on when you first start the game up to create your character. Which isn't bad in my book. I'm not playing Skyrim here. Dis an ARPG yo!You can enter a name for your character, you can choose between male and female and if you want to go hardcore.If you go hardcore and get your character killed, you will be notified that ""You are dead"" and you will respond via button with ""Okay"". After that your character remains as a ghost on your character-list (not able to be played any further).2.2) CHARACTER-CREATION IN-GAME:There might not be a lot of selection during the character-creation.But......damn.When it comes to choices how to develop your character? These developers hit the nail on the head!You have the freedom to choose between six classes/masteries:Soldier, Demolitionist, Occultist, Nightblade, Arcanist and Shaman.You need to put skillpoints into a mastery first, before you can access its skills. For every point put into a mastery, you get buffs for attributes, health and energy (da new/old-mana thing). You best look here for more in-depth information:http://grimcalc.com/Exactly at level 10 you can choose a second class to complement your first choice. But that is optional and completely up to you! There are enough skills in just one class which want to be maxed out to cause devastation.You get 3 skillpoints for each level (just 2 at level 50 and on). Maxlevel currently is 85. But from what I understand (and I don't understand much - haven't enjoyed a lot of education) the developers want to create an expansion. So maxlevel might get a raise there.You get 1 Attribute Point for each level. Attributes are: Physique, Cunning and Spirit.The Items. DA ITEMS! They range from (in that order and in increasing rareness (that a word?)): White, yellow [magic], green [rare], blue [epic] and violet [legendary]. You can equip items in the following slots: Helmets, chest-armor, leg-armor, boots, bracers, shoulder-armor, belt, 2 rings, necklace, relics and ribbons. They can give you access to unique skills and you can add to them...Components. There are so much of them. It's like sand on a beach only with diamonds instead of sand. Every component is unique and again, they can give your character access to unique skills with which you can bust these monsters nuts in.For more depth about this topic best look here:https://gracefuldusk.appspot.com/itemsDevotion: As if picking two classes from six available ones were not enough, you can devote your character to certain paths. You can gain so called ""Devotion-Points"" by cleaning shrines. Once cleansed, you gain a point.I should note that you can set skill-/devotionpoints back for a price (Iron - the ingame currency) at a vendor. I found a lot of iron so I assume that's no issue. Only problem is, that you can't redistribute attribute points and no masteries/classes that you have already invested points in, since you can't respec the points put into a mastery.2.3) CHARACTER-INFO IN-GAME & DIFFICULTY:The developers included a lot of information about your character that you can check upon at any time through your inventory/character-window. You will find it necessary. Especially when you hit the next difficult modes after ""normal"": Elite and Ultimate. With each rank of difficulty your character suffers from a 25% penalty to some resistances (resistances are: Fire, Cold, Lightning, Poison & Acid and Piercing, Bleeding, Vitality, Aether, Stun and Chaos).If you're playing on normal and find it to easy for your likings, because you're to pro for that♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can switch to veteran mode. Harder enemies, more heroes, more loot!Vereran mode is not available on Elite- and Ultimate-Difficulty anymore however. It's veteran enough there, you power-hungry being.3) FACTIONS:You can side with factions! There are eleven in total:- Aetherials [hostile by default]- Chthonians [hostile by default]- Conley's Gang [hostile by default]- Devil's Crossing [friendly by default]- Homestead [friendly by default]- Kymon's Chosen [hostile or friendly; depends on a choice in the game]- Order of Death's Vigil [hostile or friendly; depends on a choice in the game]- Rovers [friendly by default]- The Black Legion [friendly by default]- The Outcast [hostile or friendly; depends on a choice in the game]- Undead [hostile by default]If you're an enemy to a faction and gained enough hate (through killing members of that faction or fulfilling quests with factions hostile to them) a nemesis will spawn. These beings will blow your character away like a firecracker if you are not prepared. Now I might not have enjoyed a lot of education, but I have never met an enemy that powerful yet rewarding like a nemesis in a game!If you have gained enough trust with a faction, you can waddle-daddle to a ""faction-vendor"". He, she (or it) will sell items unique to them. Like...4) RECIPES (also: CRAFTING):YUS!There are recipes in game. You played Titan Quest? You know what I mean!If not, let me explain:You find a recipe through farming (busting monsterheads in over and over) or through methods mentioned before.You read it and then its knowledge is saved forever. You can access it as often as you want. No real need to find it a second time.If you have the right ingredients (that you have to farm and gather first as well), you can craft whatever that nice and beautiful looking recipe promises you.At a smithy. Now theses NPC's have special bonuses unique to them. So wherever you craft your thing via recipe, these bonuses will be applied.5) STORY AND VOICE-ACTING:The story is nice, I guess. The game is set in Victorian-times (for my defense > no education). I don't want to tell much (if you are even interested in the story at all) but you start as a ""Taken"". One being which's body has been invaded by a powerful spirit called an Aetherian. The ones who ruled the earth before they have been banished by the gods of the humans.And now......NAOW they want IT BACK!And it is up to YOU to stop them!But overall I have to say I enjoy the little notes you can find here and there. They add alot to the atmosphere and tell you how it came down to this apocalypse.The Voice-acting is nice. Main characters will speak their lines. Though most of them seem a little to silent for me. Might be just a problem on my end. So that's no minus there.Bit of a problem can be, that, if you are playing multiplayer, only one of you can talk to a character at one given time. So if one accepts a quest, it is not readable for you anymore.6) CONCLUSION:Overall, I have to say my thanks to the developers here.Obviously my paid 24,99€ are not enough to compensate for the fun you have given me, so I wrote this review to tell people about what great of a gem you created with your dedicated work.Seriously, every punch I do ingame is like a massage for my soul. Whenever I had a stressful day, I just gonna play.Grim Dawn."
76561198002574956,Recommended,219990,19870518,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JustFresh,I have 176 Hours without the complet content thats about to be released. Its a very nice game+Very much build possibilitys+a lot of things to do+Devotion System+Dungeons+Bountys+Reputation System+/- Hope for end content on Christmas (-:
76561198009278467,Recommended,219990,16506937,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Moxjet200,"From someone who loves the ARPG genre, maybe too much, this is one of the best games out at the moment - even in early access.  The gear and character customization has much more depth than Diablo 3, but isn't as overbearing as Path of Exile. Three friends and I bought the early access and are having a great time running around, getting very interesting/exciting gear, and smashing enemies. The one who didn't like Diablo 3 at all loves this game. The one that really hates how complicated PoE is loves this game. For me, the one who likes them all... I love this game. Get it."
76561198022140134,Recommended,219990,22887150,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Jewarlaho,"Hello all and welcome to my review of Grim Dawn. This game is a third person aerial view action game where the object is to save the town/world from a menacing invasion or two.Like mostly all games of this style, there are four flavours of bad guys; your peons, which are there to die in droves, your lieutenants which soak up some damage, but are otherwise disposable, heroes which usually soak a lot of damage and dish more out but not extremely so, and bosses which both deal out and take a tremendous beating.When you level, besides the attributes you can increase Mastery level or skills. You have a limited amount of points (255); you might hear people whine that “I need more points for this build”. Ignore them; just realize that there is a budget in this game for your points, and that you can’t always get what you want. But if you try sometime, you just might find you get what you need.One thing I would like to point out if someone is interested in this game; there is no ‘right’ build nor is there a great need to find one. Certain skills are meant to work together with good synergy and you can choose a less-optimal skill selection, but if you want to play a certain style you can. For example, a ranged character is just as viable a character as a melee character. A ‘tank’ can play just as well as a ‘DPS’, if a bit slower at times (I’m assuming that you if know what a ‘tank’ is, you know this already).There are also many builds out there, “perfect” builds where “this build absolutely needs these 7 purple items of lvl 75 to work”; ignore these people. If a build requires Nemesis to work, it’s not a build. What I would recommend is have an idea of what you’re looking for in a game (do you want ranged or melee? High armour or high deflection/maneuverability? Slime and snails or puppy dogs’ tails? Thunder or lightning?) Most classes can do most things well enough that in Normal/Veteran you won’t be that put off. By the time you hit Elite, either you know what works, you can find out what does, or you make a new char and try that; it’s all good.I have played multi-player with friends and I find that quite fun and highly recommend it if possible.Pro’s:•	The ability to play how you want (within reason)•	Fast paced•	Lots of different bad-guy selection/abilitiesCon’s:•	In Elite/Ultimate, gear dependency increases and efficiency becomes more important•	Some skills are pointless (or ‘not as efficient’) to increase above one point•	Much higher requirements to get heavy armour than to get ‘magic’-type rings or amuletsOverall, I highly recommend this game. It’s not perfect, and there are things that could be done better, but it’s a fun game to play and I enjoy my time playing it. The first act is very good for easing someone into the game. The classes are all quite different and all provide something fun and exciting to try."
76561198035391503,Recommended,219990,28456278,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,lagrie,"One of the best Arpg's ive played.Thumbs up.For everyone that is playing, enjoy the game !"
,Recommended,219990,33018586,Posted: 29 June,all,I AKU!,"A fun Diablo-like, Grim Dawn hit all my buttons for a game like this. Combat is quick and punchy, most enemies don't feel bullet spongey so it feels good mowing them down. The game gives you a lot of freedoms with builds, I was a Pyromancer that fought with my gun that shot exploding elemental shells and my minion buddies. Atmosphere is good and the level design is fresh and dungeons are just the right length. I admit I kind of ignored most of the lore because I don't expect good writing in Diablo-likes but it seemed serviceable. I don't necessarily feel like replaying it anytime soon because of my backlog and having experienced some of the post-game bosses they just seem super grognardy, but I'll gladly go in Day 1 for any future expansion."
,Recommended,219990,17682268,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Ryche,"I waited until I had over 300 hours in the Early Access version of the game so I could give it a fair opinion. The game is excellent. Especially if you like ARPG's such as the Diablo series, Path of Exile, Titan Quest, Nox, etc. Fans of hack and slash RPG's will be more than satisfied with the purchase. There are now all 6 classes in the game as of Build 27 and each one has a distinct style of gameplay. I chose the Soldier for that old school sword and board melee feel and I couldn't be more than happy with my first character.First, the obvious comparisons to the other giants in the genre. The game feels a lot like Diablo 2 with the Diablo 3 improvements such as blacksmithing, heroes, nemesis mobs, etc. Whereas D3 was more of a go-faster, kill as fast as you can while hoping you have the resistances to avoid this chain of boss mobs and Path of Exile leans more toward competitive gameplay, Grim Dawn has that explore, kill, dirnk a  potion and continue feel of Diablo and D2. It also has larger acts and a loot system that rewards you often (and just enough) to help you build a character you are happy with much more quickly. There are also is a deep modification system that allows you to make your gear fit your gameplay style. I never felt like I would never get the gear to make a certain build and I did not have to follow a certain build to be able to finish certain content.Currently in Early Access the game is worth the purchase price. It is complete through ACT III and I experienced no crashes and no bugs that killed my immersion or frustrated my gameplay. The graphics are excellent for an ARPG with enviromental damage, destructive enviroments and spell effects. Plus the devlopers have promised more polish. While on the subject of the developer I would like to add that they have continously fulfilled their promises throughout development. Crate is a very small developer at this point and have been extemely transparent and communicative about the game. It is not a game you fear won't reach full release or continue to be supported with additional content.One thing I wanted to address in previous reviews I have read stated that there was no voice acting in the game. There is. While the quest and lore content is not voice acted you will hear the familiar, ""That skill is not ready."" and various shouts and chants from the enemies such as ""Kill the non-believer!"" throughout the game that make it feel fully complete. There are not hours and hours of lore and quest text so do not be daunted thinking you will spend more time reading than playing. It is a true hack and slash with multiple systems to modify gameplay that gamers have come to expect.As you can tell from the review I have been very happy with my purchase and if you can pick it up on sale it is even more worthy of a buy. Hidden areas, large game map, crafting, faction and reputation rewards (including quests), excellent loot and an interesting setting with highly varied mobs all combine to make it a worthy competitor to the other, more well-known ARPG's on the market right now."
,Recommended,219990,13208962,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,afesser,UPDATE: My previous review was for the beta. Now that game has released and the mod tools are out you would have to be an idiot or insane to not buy it. Best aRPG on the market. Game has got depth for days. Takes what I remember fondest of old school arpgs and adds fresh mechanics on top of them to enhance the final experience. Just buy it. Do it.
76561197980804932,Recommended,219990,29572988,Posted: 29 January,all,NiGHTS,"i wanted diablo 3, blizzard disappointed me.Crate did not."
,Recommended,219990,14805075,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,grimjesta,"Titan Quest was better than Diablo 2 in many ways.Grim Dawn is better than Diablo 3 in almost every way.What gave me pause was how similar Grim Dawn is to the absolutely stellar Titan Quest. So after four hours or so in to the game, I looked up Crate Entertainment, the guys and gals behind Grim Dawn. Turns out that they're made up of a lot of the people behind Iron Lore, the company who did Titan Quest and Dawn of War: Soulstorm.Why is this relevant (besides me being happy that this gives me everything I love about Titan Quest)? Because with Grim Dawn it shows that these guys have done this before, and done it well with Titan Quest. Dawn of War shows that they are familiar with the Games Workshop IP. And this all ties in to the big statement as to why I love Grim Dawn:It's like Titan Quest and Warhammer Fantasy decided to mate to breed the perfect child.Is Grim Dawn perfect? No. Is it almost perfect as far as ARPG's go? Yes. I would even say that it is the better of them. It is much better than the Diablo games (I love those too, so this isn't bias), it is better than Titan Quest (the world feels more vibrant and steeped in history than even the historical-fantasy setting of it's predecesor) and it sure as hell beats out all of the other Diablo Clones I have placed since Diablo 1 came out.It follows the same formula, but I feel like it is better balanced, with a better setting, a cooler plotline, and much better skill/stat progression. And do also like how every stat is useful to every class. And thus far I like every skill I have unlocked.TR;DR: Buy this game. It blows Diablo 2 and 3 away, and is also better than it's ""predecessor"", Titan Quest.9/10, which is SOLID for an early access game. I cannot wait for the finished product.UPDATE: Now that the game is finished, and I have about 90 hours in the game, I can say that this game is an absolute gem."
,Recommended,219990,13534661,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Boxiii,"From the people who brought you Titan Quest comes another great ARPG. It's currently in early access, but there's a lot to do in game, as they just released the first part of Act 3, and multiplayer was added a few patches ago. The first thing you will notice is how fun combat can be. A common issue in ARPGs is boring combat. As fun as Diablo 2 and PoE are, the combat can feel very boring. In Grim Dawn when you attack stuff you see the enemy corpse really take damage, you see the gore and the corpse fly off depending on what you hit them with. The sounds are also good quality which helps make each hit you do feel powerful and rewarding. With good combat, the return of Titan Quests unique skill system, and a dark world to explore, the game is very much worth buying even in early access. The devs are good about responding on the steam forums and their own, so you can easily follow the development as this goes towards release."
76561198011035228,Recommended,219990,22280228,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Jedah,Grind until Dawn.
,Recommended,219990,20532453,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,yetibo1,"TL;DRIf you've ever enjoyed playing similar games, then you'll love this. It follows the formula in a fairly straightforward manner, but it's impeccably refined – one of the best, in my opinion.My bullsh*t:I'd had my eye on this game for a couple of years, frankly, but the thought of playing an ARPG in delayed, unpolished segments seemed miserable. After reading that the game was 'content complete' with the release of Act 4, I decided to finally dive in (it was also on sale, which was sweet).To be clear, I love this genre. Diablo, Titan Quest, Torchlight. Loved 'em all. Hell, I even like Diablo 3 (because I think its streamlined nature makes it an amazing local co-op console port, but I suppose that's besides the point). All of this taken into consideration, Grim Dawn, as an all-round experience, is better than some of the most prolific titles of the genre.To start, it offers a wonderfully refined balance between the min-maxing ARGPs of old and the mash-to-win fair of today: the gameplay is modern(ish), character-building is back-to-formula without being too overbearing (respecs are cheap, and the dual-class system, in addition to being damned fun, provides a lot of versatility), and the questing is considerably deep for the genre (a blend of story missions, side quests, and bounties – there's always something to do). The late-game also incorporates Factions, which adds another layer of (admittedly shallow but nonetheless enjoyable) immersion – and a good amount of gear, at that.To the benefit of its well-crafted content, level progression is such that you never find yourself grinding, and gear progression is perfectly consistent, even at later levels.  As a result, the game plays fluidly, offering us junkies a true-to-form “Wiki-this” experience whilst maintaining an almost action-adventure pace. This is in part due to the impressive amount of content, which keeps the game from ever feeling wanting for ideas / challenges. Like all ARPGs, the progression is certainly linear, but this game does a better job than most at making its limitations unnoticeable.Moving on to the artsy side of things, Grim Dawn looks pretty great. Others have likened the tone and art direction to Diablo (going so far as to label it a “true successor” to the series), but I think it's really carved a style of its own. Unlike other games, Grim Dawn never seems overtly “fantastic” - even as you're having your kneecaps mauled by an outer-dimensional being (borrowed straight from the pages of Lovecraft, mind you). As a result, the early, critter-laden environments contrast brilliantly with some of the wierder sh*t down the line. This grounded atmosphere allows the escalating doom-and-gloom to feel genuinely threatening, which is something I haven't felt since my first encounter with D2; however, unlike the Diablo series, I can't say the game ever felt “scary” at any point. Dark, for sure, but never scary.In line with the game's intriguing atmosphere, there is a clear effort invested in the environments (evidenced by the player's ability to rotate the camera 360 degrees – a rarely utilized but none the less cool and welcome feature). As a result, the environments never feel paint-by-numbers or overtly themed (looking at you, Torchlight 2), and the game does away with the randomly-generated levels of yore that, while intended to keep things ""fresh,"" really just end up being a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ The only bit that I'm not terribly impressed with are the characters, themselves. Player models, as well as most other NPC humans in the game, just don't look that great. Passable, but not great. What's more, the gear, perhaps in keeping with the game's relatively down-to-earth aesthetic, just never pops or impresses the way it does in other titles (a disappointing lack of dishwasher-sized pauldrons, for certain), and because of the necessary mish-mashing brought on by the dual-class system, there's never much visual differentiation between classes.I know that nobody really reads this crap beyond the “buy it” part, so I'll go ahead and close this off with the usual: 11/10, would die in aetherial fire again. But seriously, if you're a fan of the genre, this is worth a look, especially when it's on sale. It's business as usual, no doubt, but it does everything just a little bit better.Stray observations:Other downsides? Maybe crafting. Crafting is always either a miserable grind (every title but Diablo 3) or an oft-disappointing time-sink (Diablo 3), but this game manages to make it altogether irrelevant, minus a few relics. Keep in mind, it isn't necessarily 'bad,' but it's the one thing that feels sort of phoned in.Also, I'll admit that I haven't dabbled in the multiplayer AT ALL, and I've read less than favorable reviews regarding this aspect of the game, so if you're looking for a more social experience, I'd recommend checking out Path of Exile (which, despite being free-to-play, is excellent in its own right)."
,Recommended,219990,16645799,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jimbobslimbob,"Early Access combined with Indie developers prove they can hold their own against the heavy-weights.  Grim Dawn is a great ARPG, akin to Diablo, Torchlight, Titan Quest and Path of Exile.It is grittier than Torchlight, more refined than Titan Quest, less buggy than Path of Exile and more customisable than Diablo 3. It's good. Really good, even for an Early Access title. If you have even the slightest interest in the genre I highly recommend it.Jimbo Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,219990,21753338,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Stewie White,"Awesome game!! I won't compare it to all the titles that are getting tossed around in here but if you want a fun hack and slash ARPG this game will not disappoint. Great character development, loads of items, and so many things to kill!! Another big pro for me was the low price, very reasonable :)10/10"
,Recommended,219990,24205340,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Hood,"Bought this game on sale and it's amazing.. totaly worht the price. So here are my pros and cons:Pros:- maps are just HUGE exploring them takes time- if you played Titanquest you will enjoy this to :)- you can combine classes- you can combine skills with the 'god powers'- ther's a LOT of contetn- some equipemnt offers usable and passive skills to..- i like the post apo tuch + magick and hordes of nasty creatures- you can shoot guns :D- i enjoy the combat , you rush with the 2h-sword into the enemy horde casting lighting bolts all over the place and enjoy the flying body parts all over the area :)- i like the graphics , the developers did a nice job creating post apo environment + the little details ... love it- you can craft stuff- you can upgrade your base of operations doing quests and helping the survivors- you can play this olnineCons:- there are some map glitches like  geting stuck in the middle of the stairs for no reason- i do not like the animated avatars in conversations they are terrible, would look better if they were just drawn- the enormous maps + clicking all over makes my hand hurt :P-  due to the enormous maps i don't like the diablo like save system implemented here- the bounty questst are kinda boring and do not offer anything special atm."
76561198019044917,Recommended,219990,7907968,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Princess {ASG} GHP,"Without a doubt one of the best dungeon crawlers available!  This game is still in its very early alpha version, but everything that made Titan Quest great screams out bigger and bolder in GRIM DAWN.  It has been a long time where a game has pulled me in with its story and its ambience, from the momnet you step foot in Cairn you are part of the story, its fantastic!  The multiplayer is set to drop in early 2014 along with the second act but don't let that deter you! This is a brilliant title already and its only going to get better! if you are still hating on the epic disaster that was diablo 3 and need something to scrath that dungeon crawler itch then get in now and become part of the community, I don't normally do these review things but everyone on my friends list needs to get this game it is AWESOME!"
76561197972035060,Recommended,219990,14060152,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Dialtone,"Best ARPG Ever!Grim Dawn is packed full of Intense Combat, Great Loot, Excellent Classes, Secrets, Challenge, Blood and Darkness.It's VERY playable and enjoyable even without being complete.Due to Crate Entertainment's dedication along with sense of direction and taste in ARPGs, when this game is complete it will truly be...THE BEST ARPG EVER!!!"
76561198027207686,Recommended,219990,26756093,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Julien,"Not many A-RPGs are being made these days and out of the few available, not many are worth mentioning.I have played most big titles these past years (Diablo III, Path of Exile, Titan Quest, Torchlight I&II, Grim Dawn...) but have been able to stick to only two of them over the years: Path of Exile and Grim Dawn.What I like about Grim Dawn:- It's playable without an internet connection which means no lag and no disconnects.- The campaign is pretty long- The classes are interesting enough to provide plenty of replayability- The gameplay mechanics are pretty solid (not as complicated as Path of Exile but still allowing plenty of customization).- Crucible expansion that finally offers an alternative to playing the campaign over and over again.What I dislike about Grim Dawn:- No real incentive to play multiplayer- The campaign is too long and the game can get boring when playing higher difficulties.- The crucible expansion could have been so much more exciting and is getting boring quickly.- Graphics could be a lot better given the technology we have these days and that the game is mainly offline.In a nutshell, Grim Dawn is a dark themed game with a long campaign. The game mechanics and controls are good and the game was mostly designed for offline solo gameplay, although multiplayer is available via LAN / internet. The skills / attribute system is decent but the devotion system is what made the game more interesting. PVP is, like in all ARPGs, pretty pointless. I love traditional C-RPGs so it's hard for me to love a game that doesn't really have a rich storyline and well-developed characters but the gameplay is interesting enough to keep you addicted for a while. I've played GD for about 700-800 hours over the years and the only regret I have is that the Devs could have made the crucible DLC a lot better and the animations / spells could use some eye-candy given that the game is played mostly offline.If you like laid back solo gameplay and don't want to get a headache, Grim dawn is probably what you're looking for. If you like number crunching, optimization and endless possibilities, then I recommend Path of Exile."
,Recommended,219990,27185468,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xecutor,Hybrid classes? Check.Tons of items? Check.Tons of monsters? Check.Tough bosses? Check.Components to augment items? Check.Constellations to spice up character development. Check.What are you waiting for? :)
76561198032214704,Recommended,219990,21556183,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,gensarge99,I have been playing this game for over a year and still enjoy creating new characters and messing with the different combinations. This game rocks. Excellent job guys.
,Recommended,219990,21453199,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ryacchi,"Since comparisons to Diablo 3 are inevitable, I'll just give my two cents about how I feel on the matter. Just note that I play both games exclusively on hardcore.Diablo 3's fun is in the crazy power fantasy of sets and legendary powers. All of your time is spent at level cap maxing out gear and attempting that next Greater Rift. Unfortunately if you want to stay competitive you'll probably have to take a build from the internet.Grim Dawn's fun is all about figuring out a new build with each new character. I never felt the need to find a build online because the game isn't about pushing leaderboards. I feel that the game really rewards people who like to min/max but don't want to get all their builds from the internet.Grim Dawn really is a very different game from D3, but I enjoy both. Do you play a little D3 each season and get bored two weeks in? Afterward return to Grim Dawn for more build experiments and tinkering. To me the games work very well in tandem."
,Recommended,219990,17343775,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,universal noodle,"I've always been a big fan of hack'n slash games: Torchlight II, Diablo 3, Titan Quest, Path of Exile, Van Helsing and so on. I can assure you that Grim Dawn is superior to most of them. Despite of still being in early access, this game is solid and already has a dozen of well-designed game mechanics like crafting, factions, and multiple choices quests, which is rarely seen in ARPGs.Pros:+ post-apocalypse Victorian world! SLAY ZOMBIES WITH SWORD AND REVOLVER BAM BAM BAM!!+ 6 different skill trees, mix any two of them to according to your playstyle.+ challenging and rewarding at the same time.+ character development system is free and interesting, and it's not as complicated as Path of Exile's.+ the atmosphere and artstyle is perfect and very immersive.Cons:- it's still in early access (though nearly completed!)- no randomized mapThe game definitely worths $24.99. If you are interested in it, buy it now to support their 8-member indie studio."
76561198090353188,Recommended,219990,23811251,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,"Daniel ""Leche"" Leach","One of my favorite games in general. If you have the money, this is a must play. It is the game I go to when nothing else is scratching that ""what should I play"" feeling. Then I find myself hours later looking at the clock saying ""It's already 2 am?""The more I understand this game, the more I love it."
76561197970440214,Recommended,219990,14582331,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,waldroff,If you loved Titan Quest you'll love this game.  Very similar gameplay and mechanics but with a darker theme.
76561198040979298,Recommended,219990,13511498,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Alph-A--,"First heard about this game back when I was hooked on playing Diablo. I saw five minutes of it and thought it was just a clone. Don't think the way I did, this game is downright amazing, even in early access. When I first looked at the map, it was way larger than I expected, and it is literally full of things to do. The only problem with this game is it isin't done yet, becuase with the way im going right now, I will have a bulk of the game done in a week. Love this game, check it out, worth every cent."
76561198130767455,Recommended,219990,21556782,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,scott0463,"I've been playing this for months now in early release.  The developers have always been spot on honest throughout the process.  If they didn't feel the next chapter was ready, they didn't push it out period.  Such a refreshing change.  They didn't rush the development and didn't produce a turd (*cough* Unity and Arkahm Knight *cough*)  The class system is a ton of fun to just tinker with and, as many others have already said, doesn't leave you feeling crippled for choices you make.  Loot drops are satisfying on a whole, gear sets are out there to grind for, bosses to beat repeatedly, and new random ""elites"" pop up more and more in the regular world as you progress and ""earn"" faction hate from undead and others.  So many options and so much flexibility leave this such a pile of good time to play."
76561198037176571,Recommended,219990,21556632,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ornhelm,Has that D2 feel I've been missing for so long.
76561197998960249,Recommended,219990,8782923,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Foxy Fluff,Very Gritty and satisfying game.It takes you down the usual aRPG route however the game mechanics and reward system feel much smoother and rewarding that alternatives.
76561198123655654,Recommended,219990,12041984,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Skyhaster,"This is the clone of John Bourbon.""Nothing to see here! Move on.""John Bourbon rated this 10/10 and a top 3 game in his life."
,Recommended,219990,20494772,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,MadDog/LT,I like PoE and D3 but have to say GD is getting ahead of them in my book.
76561197969372390,Recommended,219990,20462801,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,mr. nails,"This review is for Early Access Build 29 of Grim Dawn.Pros:+25 different specs to choose from+30 plus hours of gameplay+Lots of loot+Set pieces of gear+Continuous updates from Dev+ARPG fun+Lots of quests+Able to respec (see con)+Gameplay driven; not story driven (see con)Cons:-Crashes (a handful in my playthrough)-Balancing issues-Minor sound issues-Limited Stash for excess gear (can buy more space with in game currency)-No wardrobe / outfitter system-Respec is limited (you may need to start the game over)-Mildly Story driven in text format with no voice acting or cut-scenesGrim Dawn is an ARPG and completely nails it.  It was extremely good and there are so many different types of builds to choose from and it's fantastic!  There's a total of four ACT's to play through, 25 different builds to choose from and 4 different difficulty settings.  The first is Normal.  Then Normal Veteran.  Normal Veteran is Normal, but more monsters per group and more champion monsters show up too.  GREAT for getting those green and blue drops!  After beating the game on Normal, Elite opens up and upon beating Elite, Ultimate difficulty is available.It took me 30ish hours to beat the game (all quests) on Veteran with a Conjurer pet build.  The current build for this game at the time of this writing is 29 and with this build the game is now content complete!  Build 30 is supposed to be the official release and will have achievements enabled along with bug fixes, balancing tweaks and Mod support!The game has a lot of loot for all possible specs ranging from guns, melee, spells and pets.  After you log out of the game and then log back in all monsters, including bosses, respawn.  You can do boss and elite monsters runs all night long to farm specific gear of your choice.  Speaking of loot, while you're out and about killing monster after monster your bags are gonna get quite full.  You do have your own personal portal to fast travel back to town and sell off or store the gear you don't need.There's also a lot of quests to do too!  Some quests allow you to gain stranded people out in the world to come back to the starter town and build it up with blacksmiths and more quests.  Blacksmiths can make you new gear for Iron (in game currency) and mats.  Mats (materials) are found from killing monsters and drop quite frequently.  Iron and mats can also be used to respec your character, but beware, respec is limited to skill & devotion points only and the price of Iron goes up with each respec.  You can not respec your mastery points (mastery is your class IE: soldier) or attribute points once distributed.Every level you gain 3 points to put wherever you like until level 50 and after 50 you only gain 2 points.  With these points you can upgrade your class or start picking skills and/or upgrade them.  Once you put points into your Mastery you can not undo those, but if you pick skills for your mastery and decide later you would like to try different skills you can do so.  You also gain attribute points every level too.  These points are seperate from the 3 points you gain for your mastery or skills.  Attribute points are side points you can place onto your character in your character stats.  Once distributed you can not undo these.There are tons of builds online to help you plan a build ahead of time so if you do mess up a build you won't have to start over.  The below link can help you plan out a class build:http://grimcalc.com/Finally, there are devotion points.  Devotion is fairly new and are bonus stats you can place on your character.  These stats include more damage done, resisting a certain damage type like poison and even new skills!  Devotion points are found throughout the world from shrines.  These shrines can be activated from mats or from fighting montsters.  Once Devotion points are placed you can respec them, but with cost of Iron and mats.There are factions in the game too.  Factions will provide you with very good gear to choose from, but you'll need reputation from them for them to grant you said gear.  Rep can be farmed from killing monsters or doing bounties (quests) for them.  This gear is quite expensive and you will have to grind for Iron and rep for quite a while.  Factions also provide scrolls for the blacksmith too so he can learn more types of gear to make you.If you're looking for an ARPG similar to Diable 2, Path of Exile or Torchlight this is the game for you.  There is a story and it's all in text format with no voice acting, but it's something.   Despite the minor flaws this game has it still runs very good and has plenty of hours of enjoyment.  Especially just playing around with all the different builds.  Recommended!"
76561198071402215,Recommended,219990,13906705,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Scumcity,"Aye. This is some good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Am a massive fan of Diablo 1 and 2 and was disapointed in diablo 3. never got into Path of Exile or Torchlight, something about them i just didnt dig. But this. This is awesome. The setting is wicked, the music kicks♥♥♥♥♥ the creatures are diverse and you have to change tactics to beat them. And its only in development. Do yourself a favour and get this game. Spend an hour playing and if you dont like it then shame. Shame on you"
76561197977421857,Recommended,219990,11620733,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Zapan,"Grim Dawn, the indie-format heir of Titan Quest, takes its hereditary dispositions and gifts us with a contemporary continuation of the oldschool dungeon crawler-colossus that TQ was. Those of you who are looking for that dungeon crawler that fulfills your biased needs for a nostalgic and yet modern and revised game, have come to the end of your journey.Grim Dawn will challenge your mind and your skills as it used to be and is supposed to be today.The possibility to combine different classes allows the player to craft his own individual synergies and master the game the way he likes it and is not constrained to go a predetermined path, like the developers of Diablo III have chosen for their game to be.The world is beautifully designed, the style and atmosphere of the content is captivating and solely confined by the small budget the games development team(wich is composed of seven individuals) disposes over.It is my opinion that Titan Quest outmatches of what has become of the sequel to Diablo II in many points, and TQ was published 2006, and(!) had the budget of a big company to cover it.Now imagine, if already TQ outmatches Diablo III, how wonderful could a Grim Dawn with a bigger budget become?This is only my opinion, I don't want to offend anyone with it.10/10 for Grim Dawn, please support it as much as it lies in your possibilities."
76561198073837400,Recommended,219990,16952867,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Primary Consumer,"It took me like 15 minutes to love this game. One of the best singleplayer experiences in a long time.I have hundreds of hours playing Diablo 2 and 3. And thousands of hours playing Path of Exile.Grim Dawn is so much better than Diablo 3 in every aspect. It looks awsome. The worldmap is huge and is so detailed and just looks hand-painted and very beautiful. I love the music. It has day and night cycles and a wheather-system. Effects are very beautiful and the artwork is dark and dirty and colors are so atmospheric. Grim Dawn lets Diablo 3 look like a game for 6years old.It has a rotatable camera, thats not just a gimmick but really enhances combat and the quest for hidden boxes and stuff. The skill system is pretty deep. Not nearly as complex as in Path of Exile of course, but still quite versatile. Combat mechanics are very complex too, so is crafting. It has a fractions-system, lots of game-changing decisions to make, very high replay-value.I play it on hardcore-mode with perma-death and item-loss and its just as intense as in Path of Exile. As far as multiplayer is concerned, Grim Dawn doesnt have such a brilliant and outstanding ingame-economy like Path of Exile. But as a single-player experience its really hard to top.This game is still in early access but runs really neat. Its rediculously cheap and you get a very nice balanced and polished AAA title for that little money. Its hard to believe this game was made by a seven-person indie team. Cant recommend this gem high enough.94/100"
,Recommended,219990,19699393,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,JCar,"Over 200hrs and counting! This is just as good as Titan Quest and possibly, Diablo II. If you like a true spiritual successor to the genre, this game is for you.Pros:- Classic ARPG style; Choose a build you wanted to play and farm epic loot- Character progression freedom. You take control on how you want to build your character from attributes to skills- Wide variety of itemization keeps you hunting for more gear- Unique faction system offering rewards and access to faction-based gear depending on who you side on- Unique devotion system (skills/passives unlocked via constellations) adds flavor to existing builds- Smooth combat- Good graphics, dark and has real world-like art style- Great soundtrack matching each and every location's mood- Awesome story. the idea that you are not the sole savior of the world is refreshing- DRM free!!!Cons:- Lack of skill animations due to outdated game engine (no jumping, no spinning, etc..)- Crafting system can be improved- Vendors seldom sell good items and often costs too much- No vanity/item enhancement system currently in place (transmog/enchantment)"
76561197998512954,Recommended,219990,35346285,Posted: 30 September,all,[FTA]TatsuyaSuou,"It would be a dramatic understatement to say that there are a lot of Diablo-style games that have come and gone through the gaming market over the years.  I tend to go with the general conscensus on Diablo 2 being the best for a very, very long time though it had a handful of flaws that irritated me (enemy immunities would top that list, rendering a lot of builds non-viable).Where am I going with this? There is one thing that Grim Dawn does -extraordinarily- well.  It empowers the player to make the character they want to make.  You can focus on nearly any damage type or playstyle you like, so long as you do so by building your character in a way that maximizes whatever you're focusing on. You can go back to the well of character design over and over and over and still come away with something that feels unique and interesting.  There's no ""this is the current flavor of the month build for this class"" as there is with Diablo 3 where whatever gearset has been tweaked for the current ladder season is clearly the best option for end game success.  That doesn't mean Grim Dawn doesn't have some balance issues (it does) or that everything is viable (if you try to build around 4 damage types you're in for a bad experience).The main draw of any ARPG in my experience is replayability.  You're functionally going to be doing the same thing over and over and over again regardless of which game you decide to invest your time in so it really comes down to how much fun that repetition is.  For me, Grim Dawn is by far the best option on the market.  Every character I've built feels unique to some degree and the content the game offers continues to be enjoyable for me nearly 700 hours in.  With the impending expansion pack right around the corner I fully expect to invest even more time in this relatively inexpensive gem.  If you want to play an ARPG masquerading as an MMO, you're better suited to play Path of Exile or, if you like spandex, grinding the same zone for endless hours, and pay to win you can go with Marvel Heroes.Grim Dawn, however, is easily the best option in my estimation for anyone looking to play solo or with a friend or two."
76561198005832831,Recommended,219990,19761336,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,atuso™,Various skills and items build. ✔Dark and creepy environments. ✔High replay value. ✔Has co-op. ✔Has multiplayer. ✔No always internet connection for single player. ✔Worth price. ✔★★★★☆ ; 9/10This game's quality tastes almost high as Diablo 2 and that is just in early access state.Recommend at all cost.
,Recommended,219990,21402248,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,arc,Best ARPG since Diablo 210/10
76561198010118146,Recommended,219990,19280071,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,cyberarmy,"Best ""Diablo-like"" nowadays. It has everything Diablo 3 lacks. Don't miss this one if you like hack&slash games, especially Titan Quest."
,Recommended,219990,30565870,Posted: 17 March,all,Hluthvik,"First of all: I bought this game mainly for playing it in coop mode. In reminescence of the old days with Diablo 2 we chose this game and we certainly weren't disappointed.The whole atmosphere is really dark, somehow you cant really believe that everything is going to be okay someday. At some points I had to stop and wanted to enjoy a flower or something beautiful because this game only gives you darkness (the music supports that).The most outstanding feature in my opinion is the shere amount of possibilities to build your character. 6 classes from which you can choose two and freely combine the abilities. Plus the devotion system which you are simply overwhelmed by (might be seen as a contra). And you have no restrictions within the classes, there is no classical ranged combat class or a typical tank/berserker/whatever.Unfortunately you cant always see in detail the love that was put into the monster design. You are confronted with masses of enemies and dont have the time to really look at the bosses which is kind of sad when you check the FB-page of Grim Dawn and see all the neat monster art.The aspect with the consequences of your choices isn't really dominant. We often talk to people with quests and after a while we notice that we maybe have spoken to them in an earlier stage. Probably made some decisions but we cant remember because the NPCs arent memorable. They are somewhat interchangable and dont stick to you.Overall:+ great game, awesome atmosphere, gigantic character build, satisfying perks and abilities, cool concept art- unremarkable NPCs, a little bit to few weapon designsRecommended."
76561198073055003,Recommended,219990,20167961,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Kezuro,"This is a great RPG game that is related to Diablo III, Path of Exile, and Titan Quest combined. There are so many things that I can say about this game.1. Devotion points are just great. - Adding points give you celestial powers which can even make your build more effective and powerful the way you want it to be. Devotion skill tree is huge and has a variety of stats you can add for your character.2. The components are just similar to how Titan Quest was. - This game is just like Titan Quest but very unique and awesome. You just can't imagine the similarities between Grim Dawn and Titan Quest on how the components were in that game.3. Relics remind me of Titan Quest. - Do you remember the day when you were playing Titan Quest and saw how runes gave off skills and stats well now that Grim Dawn has that content to this game it is so fun.4. Out of all, Grim Dawn is still a pre-released game that will be released in February but when it get released, I just can't wait for it to be released since the game is content complete but the game might still add more content and you may never know there might be exciting stuff in the game that might surprise you.Well good luck to you people who are new to this game and haven't played ARPG games like Grim Dawn, Path of Exile, Diablo III before and I really recommend this game since it's so fun and yet so exciting and interesting in some way. :)Continuing on with the good things I'd said about this game, I'd love to tell you about the Arcanist, Demolitionist, and Nightblade.1. Arcanist - This class uses PURE Spirit for stats. Uses one - handed weapons such as wands, swords, daggers, or maces. Known as the ""manifestation of magic."" Uses Elemental Damage. Ues Fire, Physical, Cold, and Lightning Damage. Has an advantage of long - range attacks. Uses long range skills such as ""Fanetti's Replicating Missile, ""Trozan's Sky Shard"", ""Albrecht's Aether Ray"", and ""Devastation. The ""Fanetti's Replicating Missile"" is basically the default skill for the Arcanist that can split into fragments which will eventually increase as you level it up. Also it comes with modifiers that will enhance this skill. The ""Trozan's Sky Shard"" is basically a large meteorite that can kill groups of enemies. I would really recommend using this skill too since it has a modifier that can Freeze Targets and enable you to have the advantage of killing enemies long range. I'd also say this would work with bosses too but not all of them. The ""Albrecht's Aether Ray"" is basically an aether laser or beam that you can contiually hold to instantly kill enemies over time. The only thing the Arcanist would suffer from is the Energy per Second that this skill uses. So I'd recommend using an component called Ectoplasm which gives you more Energy, and Energy per Second that will reduce the amount of Energy you use for your skills. Lastly, the ""Devastation"" is one of the ultimate skills of the Arcanist that will cost a tremendous amount of Energy to use. So use it wisely. This skill is basically raining embers of ""raw pure energy"" that will rain down on multiple enemies making them take Aether Damage. I'd really recommend going for Aether Damage, Elemental Damage, and Elemental Resistance for this class since this class is really focused on all the elements. The only thing that the Arcanist suffers from is HP. So I'd also recommend picking another class to get the passives and auras from to support the Arcanist and make your life so much easier when it comes to HP and losing HP causing the Arcanist to die so quickly. So far this is what I know about Arcanist and what it uses for advantage, and the types of skills it uses.2. Demolitionist - Hell yeah, this class is my favorite. This class uses Physique and Cunning. There are items and runes that has a passive that grants the ability to duel wield one - handed guns at the same time. Now, this is what I call a freaking Gunslinger. Phew, phew, phew! Lul. The default skill of this class is the Fire Strike and it does Fire Damage, and Burn Damage Over Time to a single enemy. The awesome thing about this skill is that it has 4 modifiers. 4 Freaking Modifers! Yeah, thats right. Well as you can see the 4 modifers are ""Explosive Strike"", ""Searing Strike"", ""Static Strike"", and ""Brimstone."" I know the first three sound all similar but they pretty much fairly give different bonuses. The first modifer ""Explosive Strike"" gives bonuses to Fire Damage, a Meter Radius so it can damage multiple enemies, and especially more Burn Damage over Time. So pretty much Hellfire on all the enemies that are suffering and your like ""Burn baby burn, yeah yeah yeah!"" Well yeah, once I see multiple enemies getting burned that's what it reminds of. Lol. Alright the second modifier ""Searing Strike"" only works on a melee or two - handed ranged weapon. This modifier grants tremendous bonus to Total Damage, Crit Damage, and Skill Cost. At level 1, ""Searing Strike"" grants +15% Total Damage, +25% Crit Damage, and -33% Skill Cost. I just find this so overpowered that you can literally level up this modifier even more to see the true power of it. Good luck to people who use two - handed ranged weapons or melee weapons who are looking forward to using this modifier. The third modifier ""Static Strike"" says it all. This modifier has a Chance of Knockdown Target, Additional Lightning Damage, and Chance of Dealing Lightning Damage. This is pretty much pyrotechnic. You see what I did there huh. Wink, wink. Alright, the fourth most overpowered modifier of Fire Strike is Brimstone. This is pretty much an occult power. Man, Demolitionist you didn't have to steal the occult's power didn't you? This modifier grants Fire Strike the ability to split into 3 Fragments, Additional Fire Damage, and also Chaos Damage. Wow, look at all those bonuses you can receive if you literally add these modifiers to Fire Strike. This is why I use Fire Strike and this is why I'm in love with Demolitionist. So far this is what I pretty much know about Demolitinist and I just wish there would be more skills to be added for this class so people can eventually create unique builds that will inspire them and show how enjoyable this game can be.3. Nightblade - The freaking assassin. This class has a skill called Dual Blades that grants you the ability to dual wield one - handed melee weapons at the same time. The awesome thing about this skill is that it has 5 modifiers. Wow, 5 modifiers! I didn't really expect that much! So these 5 modifiers are called ""Belgothian's Shears"", ""Nidalla's Hidden Hand"", ""Amarasta's Quick Cut"", ""Whirling Death"", and ""Execution. The first modifier ""Belgothian's Shears basically has a chance to be activated while using your default weapon attack. Just remember to use the default weapon attack with the one that has the sword to see this in action. This skill basically does a 165 Degree Arc which basically spins, Hits Up to 3 Targets, Additionial Pierce Damage, Stun a Target, Additional Poison Damage, and Weapon Damage. It's so much bonuses that I find it so overpowered for a default attack to activate this while killing enemies. The second modifier ""Nidalla's Hidden Hand"" is very different to the first modifier. It basically doesn't proc or have a chance to be activated but it modifies these three modifiers ""Belgothian's Shears"", ""Amarasta's Quick Cut"", and ""Whirling Death."" What the heck? A modifier within a modifier? Where did that come from. Well as you can see this is what the modifier does. Sooo, well that's my point. So this modifier grants Acid Damage, Poison Damage over time, and a chance of Slowing Target. Wow, how Deadly can this be. I guess that was very punny of me to say deadly when it relates to toxic, poison, or any deadly green substance.Well now that I've reached the writing limit, this is what I love and know about the game Grim Dawn so far. Awesome job on the game though and keep up the great work! :}"
76561198006883589,Recommended,219990,13247787,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Hardcase,This game is an exellent replacement for Diablo 3. They made Titan Quest. Like Blizzard before it became Acti-blizzard
,Recommended,219990,12756515,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lyco,"I have played nearly all of the action rpgs available, past and present.  And by this I mean the very specific isometric camera, third person, loot grind heaven that is my holy grail of games.  As it is right now, Grim Dawn is very high up on the list of my favorites of the genre.Fighting feels wonderful, tactile and with the ""oomph"" you look for in a game like this.  It is also quick and fluid, unlike Path of Exiles (which was really my biggest gripe about that game).  The skills are all fun, and the leveling system and how you pick your skills is a great nod to customization, replayability and feeling like you have control over who your character is and how they play.I don't play these games for story and couldn't tell you much about this one, other than the atmosphere is dark and, well, grim.  There's a prison, and a warden (a staple of these games now?), and a bunch of dudes that want you to go kill things.Crafting is actually interesting, a sort of extra bonus to the loot dropping and helping you build your character with the bonuses and strengths (even some skills) you'd like.Wish there was more to it, can't wait for updates."
,Recommended,219990,13704401,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Aan'allein,"We were waiting for a game like this for years, since TQ. A massive map, interesting and hard to choose skills, awesome classes, big♥♥♥♥♥bosses. It's unique skill system lets you play the same class more than at least 3 different ways. Combining classes, changing play style makes this game very highly replayable multiple times. Waiting for expansion packs already! 10/10"
,Recommended,219990,16534641,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Layton,Incredible action RPG.
,Recommended,219990,25607584,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,anonymousrelated,"Grim Dawn.Man, at first I was iffy on this game. I looked at it back when it first was coming out, and thought to myself. ""Myself, this looks an awful lot like Titan Quest. Remember that game? Yeah, of course you do,"" Then I just passed the game by, because well; Bad memories associated with Titan Quest. Add another fifty hours onto my PoE playtime and my buddy all of a sudden pops up on STEAM playing Grim Dawn. I'm just sittin here like, ""Are you for serious right meow?"" He was; Dead serious actually. Apparently he'd seen a streamer playing it, and decided to pick it up; I'm a sucker for H'n'S games and frankly dual class systems get me wet. So I buy the damn game.Right now I'm sitting four hours shy of four hundred hours played. Which isn't a lot in comparison to the 1.6k+ hours played of some people, holy crap Batman! I've played a grand total between two accounts 1.5k hours in PoE and in my near four hundred hours played of Grim Dawn, I can say that I've had more fun and a lot more success with Grim Dawn than I have ever had with PoE. Let me break down some pointers for you.Grim Dawn{PROS}Has a Single-Player experience, which presents a lag free environment.In Offline(Single-Player) mode there is even a pause button to take a break, or an emergency stop.Multiplayer is not based around a complete server with lots of people, so it's relatively lag free.Multiplayer servers are hosted by players, connection speed determines connection issues. This potentially eliminates rubber-banding or desync issues.Dual-Class system allows for lots of replayability and uniqueness to each individual character you build.A high enough level-cap to get a Godly feeling on a character that's well built.{CONS}A lack of current high end gear makes certain builds feel lacking and not as unique appearing as others. As of current there are only so many classes that a person can potentially create, 21 in total.Current game design has flaws when trying to create 'Movement' skills that don't require a target.While classes feel unique in comparison to like-classes in other games, their skills are rather lacking in when it comes to classes.(Most classes feel similar after a while.)[OVERALL]Great game. Very well done by the awesome people at Crate Entertainment. Can't wait to see what you have in store for us on the other side of that bridge. I also look forward to seeing what the team is going to throw at us as far as new Legendary and Rare gear. Personally speaking I would love to see something like Mythical gear, which would be Orange or Rainbow text. Some crazy epic items that just make your character over the top Godly."
,Recommended,219990,23514608,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,unfairbeef,"This is a fantastic game. I love arpg's and this one tops them all. I am a casual gamer that is super picky. I play one out of a hundred good games that come along. This game has it all- fantastic loot (though it could hugely benefit from a smart loot system), very satisfying leveling and a deceptively complex character build system. The bosses have clear required strategies and the regular mobs are fun to kill; it doesn't easily get boring. Either way, I Just wanted to show my support for such a great game. Oh, and it's an indie title, go figure,"
76561198146969075,Recommended,219990,22861578,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,show bobs pls,"if you like Diablo2, you will like Grim Dawn, it's that easy (Ok, there are guns).highly addicting hack&slash with great atmosphere and skill possibilities.Have been looking for a game like this for a long time.10/10pls buy the game and support the devsso we get more content! <3 <3 <3"
76561197993550002,Recommended,219990,21511486,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Baron von Meddlhausen,"An excellent hack and slay, and life waster which has its roots in Titan Quest. The game is made with love and surely not rushed. It has a dark athmosphere, plenty to read about the world of Cairn and the class mixing concept offers quite a replayability. 25 bucks are not much considering its a new game and definetly worth to support the indie developers of Crate Entertainment."
,Recommended,219990,21542813,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,The Beard With The Pyro,"What Grim Dawn does is make us focus on how ARPGs once were. It is not the fast-paced click-fest leaning towards accessibility that Diablo 3 is and neither is it the complex behemoth that Path of Exile has evolved into. It is a reminder. It is a worthy successor of Titan Quest and a game that, despite using tried-and-tested methods, will scratch the itch of those who cried in disappointment when Diablo 3 came out and not only them. It is capable of appealing to any ARPG fan, because there are plenty of items and sets to discover, there are enough classes to find one suiting your playstyle as there is a world plunged into chaos and darkness that needs saving. For a price of 25 euros, you’ll get an ARPG in the old-school sense of the word that has the potential to keep you clicking for at least 40 to 50 hours and you can definitely do much worse than that.Full Review."
76561198096106019,Recommended,219990,21518153,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Prophet Enok,"I would like to thank the Veterans of Titan Quest.Thanks for sticking with youre dreams.Thanks for such great games you brought to life.Thanks for Grim Dawn.Why are you,yes you,why are you reading reviews? JUST BUY THE GAMEDualclass.real choices.setitems,legendaries with unique powers on it.gems with powers.crafting.Devotion Skilltree......Titan Quest+D3+T2 and way userfriendly than PoE."
76561198050858977,Recommended,219990,15751197,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,fabulousfreep,This game is excellent and is worth buying. It is one of my all time favorite games. High replayability.
76561198186400113,Recommended,219990,16685214,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Deathmob,Play this game. It is in early access so there are a few bugs but overall very well done. I've played Path of Exile and the Diablo series and I think this is going to be my new addiction. So far only played one class the Occultist which is badass rot your face fun and looking forward to trying out the others.So Really Nothing bad to say about it at all if you like the Diablo type games you should not pass this one up.
76561198008106798,Recommended,219990,22497553,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,PopsShardakova,"Until I played this game I did not think that Immortal Throne could be beaten.You can very much feel this games Titan Quest heritage in its play and feel where the music gives it more than a little feel of diablo II about it.At higher levels some of the room clearing spells are just spectacular (Oleksa's flash freeze (Arcanist), Cannister Bomb (Pyro) and Eye of Dreeg (Occultist) are all good examples). Plus you can mix up the character classes harnessing the combined strengths of any two classes similar to the mechanics of Titan Quest.As for loot... I've now got so much stuff that is just too good to sell that I've basically got thirty sherpa's to support my characters.I am still discovering new things about the game (only recently deciding that I actually liked the Arcanist after discovering flash freeze), pretty sure that there are still many places in the huge world that I have not found yet.I see no end to this games replayability.Definitely a game that is destined to be regarded as a classic."
,Recommended,219990,26958092,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chesterfield,"First of all, this made me quit Diablo 3. Secondly, this is one the best ARPG I have played. The core mechanics are praticly the same as Titan Quest but in a kind of medieval era. Grim Dawn also contains some elements of an MMO, like the reputation you gain (or lose) for a faction."
,Recommended,219990,11439049,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Sir Spider,It's the spiritual successor to Titan Quest made by most of the same people. Need I say more?
76561198061999006,Recommended,219990,21777745,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Temujin,"I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys or is familiar with the ARPG genre.I've been an avid ARPG fan since Diablo II, including Path of Exile, Diablo III and a few others not worth mentioning.This is my favorite one of all.  It's still new, and not finished yet, there seems to still be a need for a little bit of balancing, but I still highly recommend this to everyone.What makes this game unique in my opinion is the Skill tree (or whatever you wanna call it) for example, my first character was a Shaman/Occult summoner.  He summons monsters to fight.  His talent trees support minions. Pretty simple.My next few characters died, and finally I decided to play Standard instead of Hardcore difficulty, because I die alot.  My newest and favorite character so far is a Pyro/Arcanist.  At level 38, so far I only have Arcanist to support my massive mana needs.  He's basically a sniper, who wields fire magic as passive along with his sniping/blowing everything up ability.  For the skill tree, I made it so he generates whirlpools of death (25-30%) chance to proc just by attacking things.  Check that with the abovementioned blowing everything up ability, it's pretty damn fun.He still dies sometimes.  I wouldn't suggest anyone to play hardcore difficulty at this time unless you have an extraordinary amount of patience, far more than me to occasionally charge in and die.  Cause you die really easy sometimes.  And sometimes there's no escape from a losing fight.Diablo II I loved it, but it's dated.  Right.  Diablo III I loved it too, but it was pretty simple and basic.  Path of Exile just kindof infuriates me, because it's not really a hard game, so I play hardcore difficulty on it, its fairly easy, until some random obsurdly hard creature kills you out of nowhere.  So I just can't get myself to play that anymore, the randomness is horrible.I have not yet played multiplayer on this game, but I want to.  The few times I've tried to with my hardcore characters I couldn't find any games.  Maybe standard difficulty will find some.Some of the things I said may seem like downers, but don't get me wrong:  I love this game.  I've only been playing it for a few weeks now and there's been big updates since I started, so they're coming in regularly and that's great.  There's voice acting for a lot of it now, even a cinematic sequence when you start the game.It's worth the full $25.  Great game."
,Recommended,219990,21606374,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Soma,"I heard you loved Diablo II but was hugely dissapointed with Diablo III dog...'nuff said, this game is for you. Dark atmosphere, neat sound track, in-depth skill system, hundreds of thousands of unique loot, countless mobs of enemies - what more could you want in a ARPG?"
76561198077284872,Recommended,219990,24475419,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Re_Gain,"Very very good Hack'n Slash, with a nervous gameplay in a victorian fantasy  apocalypic world, very deep character customization. If you like Diablo II (no III), Path of Exile or Titan Quest, you'll love Grim Dawn. Warning : time consuming !"
,Recommended,219990,14645631,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,WahHamma40Kah,"I was pleasantly surprised by this game. Bought it expecting a bit of casual fun, played for a couple of hours and wow, I'm hooked! This is the first game since Diablo 2 that has given me the same feeling Diablo 2 did. It's difficult enough to be challenging without being tedious or overly complex. Crate did an absolutely fantastic job on this."
,Recommended,219990,33247555,Posted: 4 July,all,Veterano Rojo,What Diablo 3 should have been.
76561198005220253,Recommended,219990,24245407,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mr. Happosai,"Yes indeed, the linage of all time classics like Diablo 2 and Titan's Quest can be seen through the cracks, Grimm Dawn is indeed deserving of being called the spiritual succesor to both. But hat does not mean it can't stand by it's own right, quite the contrary, the really well done graphics.  the outstanding music and immersive sounds, and the tight controls and addicting gameplay, yes, all by itself Grimm Dawn rightfully earns a place among the best ever."
76561197991596170,Recommended,219990,11933529,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Kalashnikov,"This game is amazing. Simply put, one of the most polished Early Access titles out there. Great skil trees, excellent gameplay, helpful and punctual forum moderators, interesting story and world, you get to combine classes... Best hack and slash I've played since Diablo 2.Blizzard, you should take notes. >:C"
76561198027219311,Recommended,219990,16225194,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Fat Tito,"If you loved Titan Quest, Diablo 2 and like Path of Exile, then this is your cup of tea. If killing hordes of monsters is a stress releaver for you, look no further. Grim Dawn has a dark story and rich lore, but lets be honest, you love loot. You will grind away (albeit a fun grind) and get all kinds of loot. The game has several classes that allow you create an aray of characters. I currently have a pure Nightblade, a pure Soldier and a Clint Eastwood type Gunslinger. They all feel different and they all kick butt. The game feels very polished for an early access game and the developers are good at keeping us updated. The skill tree is not overly complicated like (POE) and you can go to YouTube and follow guides if you can't decide. I highly recommend Grim Dawn to anyone that likes this genre."
,Recommended,219990,14278371,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,GR3MN,Really liked the TQ series and was bummed out that they had to stop updating the game. This game brings back all the good elements of the TQ series and the atmosphere is more to my liking.
,Recommended,219990,13338792,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,SeeDnAdO,"Basically take diablo make it fun, add better graphics, bigger maps, better monsters some kick♥♥♥♥♥weapons and you have grim dawn, very addicting game and exploring pays off greatly"
76561198009085809,Recommended,219990,21586204,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Faxfane,"I'll admit that this title may not be for everyone. It's isometric, which give some people a rash. It has good loot drops, which some stoics abhor. It's mouse-friendly and has steam controller support, which some WASD Luddites might detest. Lastly, it's an ARPG title, which again, isn't for everyone.For the rest of you: it's an isometric ARPG with good loot, steam controller support, easy keymapping, 3 colorblind profiles and is all-in-all a rather fun title from a small development company. If you enjoyed TQ:IT, then this title should already be in your library.It's not D2, it's not POE, nor is it Torchlight. It is itself, Grim Dawn."
76561198075386462,Recommended,219990,30394224,Posted: 8 March,all,SakataGin (Bot),"This game is what I always wanted in a hack and slash. Been playing it since early access, and it is one of the success stories . Dedicated devs, and good innovations in the hack and slash genre, great customization of characters. Suffice to say, each character can be unique and many builds are viable. You can sink hours and hours into the game and it will still be highly replayable."
,Recommended,219990,21572047,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,taddel1992,One of the best games I have ever played.
76561198006831053,Recommended,219990,21448958,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TurkeyTwizzler,"Bought the pre release about a year ago as I was a fan of Titan Quest (amongst other ARPGs)I can safely say this is better than Titan Quest, and is one of the best ARPGs i've played.Crate have developed this game carefully, taking in feedback from the commmunity along the way, while adding excellent content, and great features.Great fun to play, huge replay value, loads of end game too.Highly HIGHLY recommended."
76561198018462946,Recommended,219990,20462913,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Castaway On The Moon,"This is truly truly an amazing game:- So many builds you can do. And each build truly feels unique- Crafting is actually FUN. Not like the frustrating bs you have to deal with in PoE.- Leveling is FUN. I play through the same content 3 times with increasing difficulty (normal, elite, and ultimate) but do not feel like chore at all since enemies are alot stronger in each progression, so gameplay feels refreshing. And lemme tell you, i dont care what kind of ARPG veteran you are, ultimate is HARD.- Grinding is rewarding. IT'S ALL ABOUT THE DROPS IN THIS GAME, NOT THE TRADING SIMULATION BS LIKE PATH OF EXILE.I mean, what else could you want from an ARPG besides fun and rewarding gameplay with endless build possibilities? (Endless because the dev will push out mod tool once the game is fully released in a few month... think about the possibilities!)"
,Recommended,219990,22169286,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Otter Chaos,"Grim Dawn.  Fitting that I've been playing this game lately.  I feel like I have my own grim dawn looming, as much as my character runs around killing a ridiculous amount of monsters attempting to fend off the Impending Apocalypse, or Certain Doom, or whatever the goal is here.  I'm not really sure.  Something bad is happening, and I've got to stop it.The last time I was in the hospital they told me how fortunate it was for me that the cath team was already in the lab for someone else and I could get right in.  I saw them wheel that person out with a sheet over them, even though they tried to pull my gurney back so that I wouldn't.  Ah, stories to tell.The story is always secondary though, and what really matters is progress.  Get better gear, learn new skills, get stronger, kill more monsters.  Which brings me to the only thing I do not like about Grim Dawn.  The monsters scale, so that even as I level up, so do they, which I feel loses a lot of the feeling of progress.  As I'm never shy to point out, I'm older than video games, and have always enjoyed the feeling of going back to an early area in a game just to get the satisfaction of seeing how much stronger I am than the enemies that I once struggled against.That's just my opinion on scaling though, and there are certainly reasons for doing it, despite my feelings.  I guess enemy scaling is just like life though.  I'm going back to the hospital tomorrow, and just like Grim Dawn, I always get the feeling that no matter how much I think I've progressed, my disease has kept pace, and levelled up with me.There are obviously way more things I like about this game though, as I am playing it, so let's look at those!  You've got a skill tree where you can multi-class that feels kind of like Rift, another constellation based set of skills that kind of feels like Path of Exile, though no one has such a huge tree as PoE, crafting that makes you hoard piles of strangely named objects, just in case you find you need them one day for a Thing You Want, enhancements for your gear that add new skills, whew, there is some depth to creating your character is what I'm saying.I guess if I had to sum it up in one word, I'd say Grim Dawn is a mix between Diablo (the good one), Path of Exile, and a pirated version of Photoshop that is somehow missing most of the color palette.  It's a great game to play while drinking gin, in order to avoid wondering just when you will get your well deserved Darwinian death.I know this is probably my worst review ever, but if you have managed to read this far I would like to say one thing.  Steam censoring would render it completely unreadable though, so I will say this instead.If you smoke, you are stupid.  Very stupid.  I'm not putting you down, I have been that stupid for thirty five years.  I just hope you can understand that you are paying big companies to kill you.  If you could even feel how scary this is, and know that you did it to yourself, well, maybe you could keep playing cool games like Grim Dawn for a very long time."
76561198042347317,Recommended,219990,21544105,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Everytimeidie,"Excellent.I loved Titan Quest and i love this. Dark, fun, simple but technical.will sink a lot more time into this and is sooooo cheap for what you get. Im only on Act 3 of Normal 27 hours played."
,Recommended,219990,21451208,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,저스틴,"Massive amount of content, loot, and lore. Hours of gameplay. Stable since early access. Good development team who cares about their product and community.Congratulations on the full release, Crate!"
,Recommended,219990,33368807,Posted: 8 July,all,appu #NOSOUND,"Closest possible successor to Diablo 2Game is well designed, good amount of side quests and great loot. The soundtrack also brings a creepy scary feel to the game.If you were disappointed with diablo 3 , this will surely lift your souls."
,Recommended,219990,10969282,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,L0KisT3r,Wish I have more free time to play !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,219990,13052448,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,The Goddamn Avatar,"So far, the game is pretty neat. The gameplay is quick, fun and entertaining. The controls are quite responsive. The graphics are very decent. The music is fitting. The art style is nice and the game is up it's own butt with atmosphere. It's been a long time I had a game like Diablo or Dungeon Siege to keep me occupied, and now it's here.The UI and the way the game is presented could be improved, however. Often times it seems the screen is cluttered with text, or my HUD is getting in the way. Other than that, this game is a real gem. Truly underrated as far as it being Early Access.I haven't tried the Multiplayer feature yet, so I won't say anything in that regard.This is one of those games I wish more people would get involved in. I recommend it to all you dungeon crawler-loving gamers. Be prepared for fast-paced action and hordes of zombies, demons, beasts and bugs. Not to mention all the 4HAT L3WT you'll find along the way."
76561197999385566,Recommended,219990,12728427,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,redshadovv,"Oh so addicting.This game does everything right to pull you in from the start and make sure that the only time you want to stop playing is to create a new a character to try a different build using the +poison damage gear you've found. At the same time the game doesn't restrict you from changing your current build. For example, 8 hours in I respecced from building around two active abilities and fire and burn damage damage into two different active abilities and cold and lighting damage. I was having some trouble with certain situations and was finding my damage output lacking against bosses so I looked at what gear I had and what I could change around with my skill points and after a few iterations came with a mostly different build which performed better. The change felt organic. The game strikes a very good balance between giving players the freedom to change their current build and making them feel like the choices they made are meaningful.Everything about the game feels like it takes the better elements from its predecessors and organically combines them into something that has its own identity. The atmopsphere is gritty and dark like the Diablo series but with a futuristic twist as early forms of firearms and explosives are available. The dual mastery system from Titan Quest is back but the skill trees have more synergy within themselves and each other as the damage and damage bonuses in most abilities are split between two different types. But more importantly the game isn't afraid to add something new. The crafting system and the faction system along with quests that offer some meaningful choices are the big things that come to mind at this stage.The game world feels much more alive and interesting than most other games. The dialogue is organic and appropriate to the situations. For example, at one point you may encounter a pair trying to scam some money off you and you can decide whether to respond with violence or allow them to join the community you're building up. If you choose the latter and talk to them later on they will express their gratitude for not killing them and how they probably had no chance in combat against you. They also share how they struggled to survive prior to the current encounter. Encounters like these make the player feel invested in the gameworld and builds up the atmosphere, soemthing a lot of modern games fail to do and instead rely on a few cinematics and a diary entry around every corner. While this game has the diary entries, they are well spaced out and actually anwser some of the burning questions the player might have about the gameworld so unlike many other games, I actually read most of them.Another thing that adds to the atmosphere and to the experience as a whole is the dynamic weather system. It also acts as an important offset to the lack of randomly generated levels. I have no complaints about the level design itself but running through the same exact level tends to get old after a while and the dynamic weather spices things up a bit.All in all this game is shaping up to be one of the best ARPG out there and thats bound to improve as development progresses."
76561198075302607,Recommended,219990,32543435,Posted: 18 June,all,ValgraV,"Just look how many hours I've spent on this game. Tells everything, 10/10."
76561197973658439,Recommended,219990,14674249,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,NerdBerd,Short and sweet version.This game is fun. Better and more realistic than that other triple A title.The environments and models don't look like they are made out of plastic like that one free to play title.And it is super easy to just jump in and play with a progressive learning curve and if you totally screw up your spec just go talk to a guy and reset your points and try something different.I've played the demolitionist and the nightblade and both feel powerful and dynamic with lots of impact on damage and plenty of blood and gore.Highly recommend this title and kudos to the devs for nailing the atmosphere!
76561197978379464,Recommended,219990,14236827,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Rednecksith,"Pros:+ Fantastic atmosphere+ Very good graphics overall, if a wee bit dated+ Combining classes and trying out new builds can be quite fun, even if they don't really work well.+ Ease of respec (not masteries though) encourages experimentation+ Great dev team+ Steady updates+ Rotatable camera+ Very good loot+ Endless mode (essentially)+ Good crafting systemCons:- Sometimes TOO dark and depressing- Combat is okay, but still comes off rather clunky at times- Many skills feel distinctly underwhelming- Typical post apocalyptic color palette of grays and browns- Story is incredibly basic (so far)- Enemy balance feels a bit off- Some graphical issues here and there, most likely due to relatively little optimization, which is understandable for a Early Access game- Open multiplayer servers means playing with random people is risky due to hackers and cheatersI love Diablo (the best of the trilogy) Diablo 2, and Diablo 3. This game borrows heavily from the second installment, as well as their previous game Titan Quest, to make an unpolished but fun ARPG which, in my opinion, is the third best isometric ARPG on the market today. It belongs right up there with Marvel Heroes and Diablo 3, though technically MH is more of a MMOARPG. A must buy for ARPG fans, doubly so for those who enjoy stories with Lovecraftian elements.Will update the review as I get further into the game."
,Recommended,219990,21311424,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,YB.液体人間,Better than D3
,Recommended,219990,24658935,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Woocash,"Grim Dawn may be a little harder to get into than most hack n' slashes, but it's crafted with an old-school gaming approach coupled with newer solutions found in the latest games.Rich, dark atmosphere has a surprising amount of depth and choices that impact gameplay. While the storyline isn't that involving (saving the world from invading monster factions and learning why), seeing how the people in-game are affected definitely is. Under all this there's plenty of cleverly hidden lore and hard-to-find secret areas.Pros:+Good twist on typical skill tress, where you select two classes and find synergy between them, and decide how deeply you invest into a class+Devotion is a system of common abilities that can back up the weakness of your character. For example, if you lack survivability, you can go for a number of defensive procs. The shrines for these devotion points are found throughout the world, which encourages exploration+Very cool bosses, tough dungeons, good enemy variety+An interesting faction system to make the grind matter a little more+Powerful legendary items that are rarer than in most ARPGs, making them more prestigious+After 200 hours, there's still so much to doCons- Netplay experience may vary- Often doesn't feel rewarding enough. You'll have a very hard time finding legendaries for your build, may have to trade- Feels grindy. It takes a lot of time to slog through all the difficulties to get to Ultimate, and farming infamy for the enemy factions can be very tediousWith hundreds of build combinations, an expansive world, and the ability to play with friends, Grim Dawn breathes new life into the old-school hack n' slash games. It may feel too grindy at times, but the combat is crisp and satisfying at all times."
,Recommended,219990,21503193,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,maldoror,"This game has gone from a very good early access title to a full blown Action RPG magnum opus. So many quests with a fully fleshed out back story, more loot than you could ever imagine and a class system as deep as any in gaming. This game is just stellar in nearly every way. If it only had the same music composer as Diablo and it would be ""perfect"". If you have had this in your library a while but not played since launch, give it a go again trust me."
,Recommended,219990,20486001,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,kastatd,"Offline hardcore mode is something I've been really excited about. The gameplay is fun, the loot hunting is interesting and not as boring as in D3. Also it's ridiculously cheap for what it has to offer."
76561197972523237,Recommended,219990,13858558,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Poe,"Probably one of the few early access games that is well worth the full price. Even though it has the early access tag it's polished, plays well, and the development crew is in touch with its user base. I've bought one too many games in early access that have steady development for 6 months then it drops off a cliff or is abandoned entirely... this is definitely not one of those cases.For any fans of Diablo or any of hack n slash, this is a must buy. Lots of replayability and variance between classes. I've only put 20ish hours in but each time they update I get sucked in once more. I can see myself playing this well past final release and will definitely support the devs with any other project and/or expansion."
,Recommended,219990,13817743,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Fixitgeek,"This is probably one of the better ARPG's made. The game is well designed even in Alpha state with plenty to do. If you've enjoyed and of the Diablo games, Path of Exile or any RPG in general then you may just love this one."
76561197960956246,Recommended,219990,13886694,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,SUPER Ad Blocker ULTRA,"Despite being in beta (early access) the game is very well fleshed out up to level 40. I've only encountered a couple bugs. Gameplay wise I find it just as fun - if not more-so - than Path of Exile (PoE). Both Grim Dawn and PoE borrow heavily from other games in terms of character progression. Grim Dawn from Titan Quest, and PoE from Final Fantasy 7 and 10.Grim Dawn isn't an always-online game like PoE however can be played multi-player online or locally. It also allows you to circle the camera around to get a full look at the environment, which Path doesn't. My main gripes with this game is its continued use of Diablo-style isometric gameplay (instead of straight 3D 3rd person action RPG), lack of multi-character control and unoriginality in terms of character progression.That said isometric ""Diablo-style"" Action RPGs are still one of my favorite genres and it's way worth the buy, even in beta."
76561198096196596,Recommended,219990,14272424,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Puella_Mea,Disclaimer: I am only reviewing the BetaExcellent game so far by a company that seems to love their product. Check the Forums before you buy. The Devs are constantly working with the community to make this game even better.  Their customers love the game.It really is a great ride.
76561197967685936,Recommended,219990,9087081,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,^7ja^1co,"Update: 26.03.2016As of the final release, the game is even better, more complex, there is a ton of things to do, devotion system alone is worth playing.---------------------------------------Unexpected gem.Worth every penny.Fast paced, vicious combat.You feel the hits.Excellent atmosphere and soundtrack I could listen to all day.Exceeds d3 in everything."
76561197970764929,Recommended,219990,18311555,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Warped,I was looking for a great action RPG. Grim dawn has stopped me from searching. I have had this game since very early access as the theme of the game caught my attention. I've gotten about 5 friends to purchase this game and multiplayer is very fun ( although a little buggy at times still much fun ). The developers usually keep you updated every couple of weeks so you know that more content will be coming as it goes and they have been very on the ball with this.As far as gameplay goes it feels very fluid based on the class you create. Spells and abilities are well tuned and all work well together ( I mean if you multiclass you feel you can mix and match yourself well ).They introduced a faction system which means you can be liked and hated by NPC parties in the game which can cause boss enemies to spawn or harder monsters. On the good side it allows you to purchase nice items from NPC vendors in towns based on the faction.The story is also very well done and ive heard mixed reviews on the fact no NPC reads their text to you - but personally I kind of like that. As you play through youll find notes and scripts about the lore of the game which I also like it is almost like you add a journal of story as you play the game which in itself is a reward.All in all I highly recommend grim dawn - theres at least 20 hours of gameplay and with all the muilticlassing you can do theres plenty more. Hidden areas and bosses are also out there.. happy hunting.
76561198020761420,Recommended,219990,21467902,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Clark Kent,"The degree of developer support and attention to this game is admirable. It shows itself in the product, too: this game is. The.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Excellent setting, I find the classes pretty interesting, dual-classing is as great as it was in Titan Quest, and it's pulled off the rare feat of not boring me once I reach the endgame. Very worth the selling price, and if you like ARPGs and see it on sale you should absolutely, positutely not pass it up."
,Recommended,219990,20510875,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Henswa The Great,Best game of 2016
,Recommended,219990,15300349,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,MitchMeister-,"This is a great game for any fan of Diablo, POE, or Torchlight series. Very gritty, very good graphics, and engaging story, and the ability to combine classes!"
,Recommended,219990,12580890,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,☾Ｐrune 💪,"The spiritual sucessor to Titan Quest.It's a very grungey and dark ARPG and has an apocalyptic/steampunk feel to it. The environments are lush and make you feel involved with the world, the music is also quite nice.For a game still in development, it plays very well. The combat is great but sometimes feels sluggish, such as moving your character during combat and switching target. The class system is great and I love the different skills and abilities than come with each.I can't wait to get to max level (at this time) and start up another character to level. If development proceeds and updates are continuous, I could see this overtaking Diablo, a game I have also invested a lot of time into.I give it, 8/10 Prunes----------------------------------------Because the game has been released now, the only thing I will revise is that it has got better due to all of the content being in the game and the constant work the devs are putting into it, providing more updates and fixes. The only issue is the amount of players, we need more!!I now give it, 8.5/10 Prunes"
76561198012355093,Recommended,219990,14032845,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Hueson,"This game is simply incredible,and the best thing is...It has multiplayer.MULTIPLAYERSo, if you dont like being all alone, killing monsters and people, you can do it in company of your friendsYOUR FRIENDS"
76561198039264390,Recommended,219990,15619174,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Pork Supreme,"This is a review as of Build 24If you're looking for a nostalgic ARPG experience good for at least one 15-20 hr playthough, this game will likely satisfy you.If you're looking to repeat the experience, you have to be willing to accept that there are some things that are not up to current standards. Some or all of these things may bother you, I know that not all of them bother me.The map is 95% the same every single game. The overall structure is exactly the same but they will put obstructions on random sections of path so that you can't always run the exact same path every single game. Along with this, I'm *pretty* certain that monster spawns are the same every game, with maybe hero/champion/unique spawns occurring in a semi-random fashion.Monster spawns are sometimes triggered by your walking over a, well, trigger point. These are usually only configured assuming you are coming from one direction. This means rather than spawning when you get close to a point, monsters will frequently end up spawning behind you if you like to explore 100% of a region. This feels really sloppy and gets tedious as it forces you to double back if you want to kill everything.Monsters scale to your level (with certain seeming minimum and maximum levels) and monsters that spawn as a result of certain actions (either map triggers or summons by other monsters) will spawn at different levels than the already present monsters. This can result in a monster multiple levels higher than you (I've seen ones up to ~10 levels higher than me) spawning things your level, or things way lower level than you (up to ~20 levels lower) spawning things at your level.While most of the skill points you spend can be unspent for an extremely reasonable amount, there are a relatively large number that can't be retrieved. You can get ~120 skill points currently, of which you may end up sinking 50-75 into places that you can't get them back from. When the level cap increases, I expect this to become less of an issue but currently it can lead to lots of regret.At each level up you obtain 1 ""stat point"" to be spent on one of three stats. This might lead you (me) into believing this game was set up like Dungeon Siege to a certain point with full armor sets based on one or two of these stats. This would be a lie. Almost all armor ends up requiring a certain amount of physique (read: strength) and no other stats. Almost all rings/amulets end up needing a certain amount of spirit (read: int/wis) and I've never seen one rely on anything else. Some weapons require cunning (read: dex) or spirit, but most rely on physique. These stat points cannot be reallocated. Sadface.This game is kind of oldschool in that the concept of utility skills/powers does not really exist. If you need healing, you will be expected to rely mainly on potions or out of combat things. If you want to move faster or drain health, that will mostly be due to your gear. From my observation, only the two melee trees (soldier/nightblade aka fighter/rogue) have things like this. As a result, almost all of the builds I see on here use one or both of these trees or try to avoid any situation in which they would take damage.I haven't tried it but don't feel like there is currently a viable ""pet"" class. The Occultist tree gives 2 pets, but you can only summon 1 copy of each (from what I've seen) which is pretty thin for a pet class.I think I've complained a lot and you're probably wondering why I've still given a positive review (if you're still reading). That would mostly be due to the potential for future development. Most/all of the things I've mentioned could be fixed with post-release player created workshop mods or by the dev team in a future Build.As it stands, I believe the EA game is worth $10-15 to me, and that's what I paid at some point this was on sale. If you're hard up for a new Torchlight/Diablo/TQ/etc fix, this might be worth more to you. Asked right now, I don't think I'd pay $25.If Ireallyneeded a fix though, I'd probably pay the $25."
,Recommended,219990,14389357,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Þrumujullur,The Bar to wich all ARPG games should set them too.Made by the same geniuses that made Titan Quest this game take everything good about the TQ series and enhances it tenfold. The skill system is diverse and the items too. You have crafting. You have relics you can piece together.The existing content is both fun and diverse set in a gritty enviroment. This early acces title despite being unfinished has given people a bunch of play time with over 10+ possible class combinations you wont be putting this game down anytime soon.Highly reccomend for any true fan of the ARPG genre.
76561198135416157,Recommended,219990,12763665,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,K2SAINT,"WOW! Im blown away. Iv been looking for a new Diablo/Sacred/Titan Quest style game and this is it. Im shocked at how great this game is. This game has my vote.Amazing graphicsAmazing classes and skills(has a great skill tree) as well as weapons and armor/itemsAmazing animationsDark atmosphereLove the looting and leveling upAmazingly fun game playGreat musicIt even has guns! And if you dont like using guns, then grab a sword, crossbow, shield, or whenever you like. It has it all !!!Love the classes and skills. I find all the skills for each class awesome. You know in like diablo 3 where most of the skills are lame and look lame with lame animations? Not this game. The classes are awesome with all good skill trees. Makes me wanna make every character. And if thats not enough then not only can you pick a class, you can choose 2 classes and be a hybrid(hybrid is optional). Ever seen a crazy armored demolisionist throwing bombs will shooting up everything around him + tanking all enemies? Its awesome. Again, you can choose to be hybrid or just stay one class, choice is up to you. And if you go one class and then later decide you want to be hybrid you can at anytime.This game adds so much more to hack and slash style games. This game sets a record in my book. And just to think that the game is still in development makes it even better. This game accomplished what the others could not and it isnt even finished yet. Cant wait to see more content/updates.Theres ONLY ONE thing that I found to been an issue and thats optimization. The game runs a bit choppy. Running max setting at 60fps+ but its still choppin and skippin somtimes at 60fps. Its not that bad tho. I cant wait to see whats in the future. This game is worth every penny.Grim dawn is way better then Diablo 3. I loved Diablo 1, 2, and 3 as well as Titan Quest and Sacred Series. Heck I was still playing Diablo 2 with mods till I bought this. But Grim Dawn takes it to a whole new level. It takes all my favorite hack and slash Diablo/Sacred/Titan Quest style games and throws them into one creating the best H&S RPG I have ever played. You can't go wrong with Grim Dawn. If you have the money to buy it. Then buy it.10/10"
,Recommended,219990,14650726,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Titchy Grenn,"faithful to there community they give regular updates and even released a new class, among other things the game is soild and well worith the money they ask for. Also with more updates to come it can only get better, and rememeber this is only alpha or so this game is far from done but it already gives what most games dont."
,Recommended,219990,13535225,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jupiter,"I have played virtually all ARPG's over thousands and thousands of hours for years. I am happy to say that this game is a worthy spiritual successor to Titan Quest and is a very well done, content rich game with hours and hours of content. Relatively nice looking, great soundtrack, great combat, original universe, fun to play and well made. The develoipers have put love and care into the game, and I wish them all the best in completing it. I would definitely purchase expansions if they came about to. More more more!"
,Recommended,219990,33958976,Posted: 1 August,all,Spiral_Out_Keep_Going,"Some of the dudes that made Titan Quest.  Better than Diablo for cheaper.  Highly, highly recommended."
76561197981609710,Recommended,219990,21491848,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Pancake,Oh look diablo 3 is finally out. 10/10 ♥♥♥♥ blizzard.
,Recommended,219990,34273813,Posted: 16 August,all,Hatewolf,"solid arpg experience, complex builds, friendly devs, allows mods 💯"
76561198044635879,Recommended,219990,15927619,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,8caster,"Even in it's early access and 'incomplete' state, this game already feels like a complete game. If you liked games like Diablo, you will more than likely enjoy this game as well. There's the -very- occasional bug, but they are so few and far between that most of the time it's forgivable.This game is easily better than D3, and is up there with games like D2 and Torchlight. In fact, I put it higher than Torchlight."
76561197998095669,Recommended,219990,34904681,Posted: 12 September,all,dumsquirrel,"I have to say, in early access I was extremely disappointed in this game. I loved Titan Quest and had high hopes for Grim Dawn. Unfortunately, when I first started playing, the loot felt lacking and the skills just didn't feel like they had that ""umphf"" that is necessary for an action rpg. However, after it's full release, I gave it another shot, and my opinion of the game was completely changed very quickly. If you had the same experience as I did initially, or you have heard some bad reviews of the game from the past, I employ you to try it out, because I seriously doubt you will be disappointed. The loot is cool, the action is fluid, and their are neat concepts that haven't really been explored in an arpg that I have seen.One example of these concepts include the relationship bars associated with each allied and enemy factions, giving you shop perks for the allies, and more difficult spawns for the enemies, as the bar increases. Another example is the Devotion point system that gives an entire extra layer of character building, as diverse as the duel-class trees. These Celestial ability options allow you to place points into a large selection of passive properties that are part of mini skill-trees that, when completed, give you a passive skill that you can attach to your main skills. This allows you to get eruptions of fire, or healing, or poison spikes, or life-stealing, or a huge array of other effects that can be added to the skills you are already using. The campaign is very long and there is a great amount of side content along with hidden areas that add to that play time. All in all, this has become one of my top favorite arpgs by far.Plus, if I know how this company works, they are only going to polish things and add quality-of-life improvements to the game with the expansion, much like they did with Titan Quest. From what I have seen from them, they are always bettering themselves, keeping the parts that are great, while fixing the bad and adding features to the good, always resulting in an improved experience. I am extremely excited for the coming expansion for a number of reasons."
76561198031346772,Recommended,219990,9376895,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,HungryForThatChicken,Anyone who played Diablo 2 will enjoy this. This alpha feels like a vertical slice rather than a wide but shallow demo. Now with act 2 and soon to come multiplayer I will heartily recommend to anyone interested in ARPG's
76561198177959619,Recommended,219990,15156125,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Imperium of Man,"I did play Titan Quest games first (that's how I found out about this game, as it is made by the same guys) before buying this one. The most important thing I want to say to all who are still considering buying or haven't yet decided - THIS GAME IS WORTH OF ITS MONEY:- It's fun- it looks very good (better than on videos here, actually. the devs should upload new ones  )- it is constantly updated, the devs team listents to ppl, you can see that they are devoted to their work- the atmosphere of the game is pretty cool. It's darkish and not cartoonish like let's say Torchlight.- there are no bugs as of the moment of me writing the reviewOne of the best features is that all classes in game feel unique. And what's even better is that you can combine 2 diff classes as u progress through the game. Thus you would probably spend more time in this game trying all the classes than in other rpg's."
,Recommended,219990,18758146,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Bwen,"Many of the other reviews here are comparing this game to something between Path of Exile and Diablo 2/3. Grim Dawn takes on a whole new refreshing take on the ARPG genre. Early Access has been fanastic, the items, the bosses, the dungeons, the graphics, and the story - and more to come! I came to this game from d3 where I would auto salvage all yellow items, it was almost nostalgic to have to compare the random stats on yellow items. For an Alpha release all I can say is WOW - expect amazing things to come for Grim Dawn!"
,Recommended,219990,33653215,Posted: 19 July,all,General Chaøs™,"I will make this more a recommend statement then a review. If you liked Diablo2, Torchlight I+II,Nox ,Divine Divinity,Titan Quest Immortal Throne, Titan Quest Anniversary, Path of Exile, Victor Vran,Van Helsing,etc. Do yourself a favor and get this game.ProsVaried Character Classes and builds to play them withAbility to have a secondary sub class (think like how MMOs have a Main +sub class)Gritty dark setting (love these for arpgs like this)Great loot drop system with loot quality filtering built into the UIGreat UI with mini/large map UI,markers,multiple hotbars, char status icons,etcHandcrafted dungeons and over world. Most of the dungeons are large some huge with multiple floors and some smallA love it or hate it crafting system for making gear,items to add buffs + skills to gearVarious factions in the game each with their own set of armor & weps you can buyA reputation system which rewards you cheaper npc armor/wep items to buy,potions & components to add additional states to your gear. You gain rep by doing npc quests and taking on bounty hunt quests(which are repeatable).A base game that needs no dlc, comes fully packed and playable.A actual expansion pack dlc that gives you a expanded experience. Comes with new act,loot,2 new character classes,more dungeons,more bosses,story,etc (Set to release sometime during last 5 months of 2017 as of this review)Varied difficulty settings  including a rogue-like 1 death difficulty.Optimized,even my GTS 450 1gb vram + AMD Phenom II X4 3.0ghz (old school 4 core) can run it on medium with stable 30-60fps and the game looks lovely still.ConCrafting recipes needs some filtering, once you have a majority of the recipes on your main character it looks like a stock inventory list. Only remedy at time of this review is to only buy recipes you will use for that char.Constitution stat is doesn't seem much useful since there are droppable items that refill the same thing Con does.Mixed BagInventory space may or may not become an issue for some. There are upgrades you get as you play + a standalone app tool called GDstash that many use to store loot in a separate stash while playing.Learning curve about damage types and how they work for your char can overwhelm new playersFreedom of builds can overwhelm new comers making character building difficult.OverallIf you are a fan of the games I listed , and want something worth your time get Grim Dawn.Full price,half price, even for a buck it's worth it. My con's list is very short for a reason. I should state I am not a fan of Diablo 3 and found Titan Quest IT combat boring which was the only thing that kept me from beating it.  Grim Dawn's combat is engaging and fun which is why I say skip Titan Quest Anniversary if you thinking of a cheap buy and get Grim Dawn instead."
,Recommended,219990,9497433,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Jiko,"Well.. I'm hooked.Update 3/2016: Still my favorite of the ""Diablo Clones"". Really enjoy the dual-class system and combat"
76561198235697200,Recommended,219990,22251318,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Venom210,"Game is awesome... Diablo 3 who??? On my second play through and just a fun if not even more then the first run. Pay attention to crafting, and ruinstones around levels 20-25. So many options and skills. Granted skills from gear. Granted skills from components/crafting. Great drops early and often. Can have a lot of fun with this one, replay ability very high as well."
,Recommended,219990,18809000,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,mythal,"If you didnt play TitansQuest - one of the most defining Action-RPG's of all time - then get GrimDawn and experience what these developers have known for years and perfected: the art of gameplay.GrimDawn is developed by the old TQ team. Its all about gameplay here.Pros:* Unique and custom class system which lets you build your own custom classes and builds. Hundreds if not thousands of unique ways to play this game.* Controls are fluid and give you full reaction over your character. No clunky coding, interfaces, menus, or mouse/KB action here.* Quest line is immersive but doesnt ask of you to spend hours reading text and having to follow every step: if you want to? Great its enjoyable, well written, immersive storytelling. If you just want to hack-n-slash?  Great, dont worry about missing key elements, as it fits into the playflow anyway.* Graphics are dark, beautiful, and well themed.* Engine is optimized, and this game will run well on older machines. Take it with you on your laptop for travel gaming.* Large, ever expanding world (its only early access now, and feels like a complete game already yet less than half the map is developed so far!).* Challenging and unique monster abilities. This game can get difficult.* Best multiplayer support.Cons:- You dont like action RPGs"
76561198015210866,Recommended,219990,20463163,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Stubbie,"The first Early Access game I have ever bought.I suspect that I am like a lot of other action rpg players out there who have not yet bought the game, in that I would wait for the final release before purchasing.But now is the time! The game is complete and all that is left is the final bells and whistles to be applied, which should be done in a month.By purchasing it now you can help give these guys the final bit of income they need to polish the game to the best standard they can.And by getting it now you can try all sorts of builds to see what will suit you best when you do get the final version....oh and like most of all the previous reviews state......this game is totally awesome!"
76561198067014110,Recommended,219990,16498303,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Strawhatninja777,This has got to be the best d2 clone i've ever played. The fact that this is in early access and it's this polished says alot about the the devs. I cant wait to see the full release.
76561198016354543,Recommended,219990,12895668,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Spud,"Grim Dawn is without a doubt one of my favourite games. The classes are varied and you can make some truely unique builds with them. For example using the same two classes (Occultist and Shaman) I made one character who specialises in life steal and another character who specialises with pets. The main story could have been better and more interesting. However, when exploring read the bits of lore you find because they often have interesting (and dark) stories to share about life after the Grim Dawn. The look and environment of the game is great and many of the locations are beautiful and match the game's atmosphere. However, I dislike the music and find it repetitive. The armour also looks great and I love how the low level gear is scraps of metal and rotten wood while the late game gear looks totaly amazing and as if it should be worn by a classical hero. Overall i would recommend this game to anyone especially if they like ARPGs."
76561198032969236,Recommended,219990,13544024,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Orion Nipp,"Dungeon Crawlers are my preferred genre, and Grim Dawn promises to be one of the legendary games. People will remember it like they recall Diablo 2. And this impression is from the pre-release version. I bought it yesterday afternoon and have 18.6 hours play as of writing this.TLDR: Grim Dawn is the most fun I've had collecting scrap metal while fighting monsters bent on my destruction.The Devs: The refugees from Iron Lore and the designers of Titan Quest: Immortal Throne. They are very active and responsive to the gamers supporting them. They are proactive on things, but, because they are an 8 person team and not 40 like ""other devs"" they might seem a little slow.The Game: Playable now!Pros:> No DRM> No Internet required> Scalable UI> settings for color blindness> Super Fast Loading Game> Atmosphere is absorbing - fits well with the apocalyptic aliens scenario> Dual Class - basically gives 16 class combinations for most of a character's life. Because the starting class tends to stay ahead of the second class there is a difference between an Arcanist-Soldier and a Soldier-Arcanist. The first is more magic based with some combat, and the second is more combat based with some magic. It can make a difference.> Two Hot Bars - assign spells, potions, etc to the 1 thru 0 keys... then do another set.> Combat is solid - Yes, some people fall in to spamming just two attacks, but it is their fault and not the game's. You can spam as many actions as you can keep track of.> Crate - Cannot say enough about Crate and their commitment to their players.> Zombies - Who doesn't like zombies?Cons:I think it is very unfair to tear into the downside of a game that is pre-release. But there are some things that are not just bugs that I feel need a change.> Zombies - kind of over played right now thanks to The Walking Dead. I personally could pass on this part of the lore. And while it is nice to see nods to this or that... but actually refereing to some of them as Walkers? To soon? Yes. How about just having them be ""Puppets"" or something. Puppets could be a nod to Heinlein.> Fog - Some regions are covered in a solid fog, dropping contrast to eye straining lows.> Character Avatars - Only one male and one female - both white. While I am tired of the cliche ""warriors have to be huge, wizards have to look like Harry Trotter"" I do think that even a couple choices would be nice. I'd like a spell caster that makes Shwartzenegger look small.> Multiplayer - No clue why every game dev from Blizzard to Firaxis is having trouble getting multi to work. But I never play multi so I really don't see this as a con.Other:> Assorted bugs, balance issues and incompletes that you'd expect from an alpha-beta game in pre-release. They will be fixed.> A very small development team. So things will be fixed, hopefully before the sun burns out.TLDR 2: Player after player says, ""I bought this game 3 hours ago and have played it for over 4 hours now. It's very good."""
,Recommended,219990,13828188,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Spritzen,"One of those games that feels like its been in Early Access forever. Still what is in place is a worthy successor to Titan Quest. It's not Path of Exile, but also its not Diablo3. Personally I like games that have an offline solo mode like TL2, especially when the kids are on Netflix and the wife is on the SmartTv!... Overall it's a satifying ARPG and well worth playing now in it's current state. Lacks a little polish, optimisation and completed act3 from when I wrote this."
,Recommended,219990,13900046,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Iron Squirl,Seriously one of the best ARPG's I've ever played.
76561198109911987,Recommended,219990,12273040,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Eyebore,"I am having a lot of fun with this game. Whilst very Diabloesque it has a different atmosphere and discinctive game mechanics. Keep up the good work, I am looking forward to the full release."
76561198007724634,Recommended,219990,16802678,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Trundle The Great,"First time writing a review, it's not really my thing, but I felt I owed it to this game.If you're like me, you read the Bad Reviews to see why you SHOULDN'T buy the game.  There honestly aren't that many bad reviews, which should be a good sign in the first place, but I will save you some time by summarizing what I found out looking through bad reviews, and debunking them, leaving you with no reason NOT to buy this game.First, people complain it's buggy or crashing -- Keep in mind It's early access.  That being said, it's the most stable early access game I've ever played.  I'd have to guess that the people complaining about crashes don't understand early access, or maybe played much earlier on.  I have had 1 or 2 issues in my 25 hours of playtime.Second, people complain it's  not as good as Titan Quest, the story isn't up to snuff, etc... -- This isn't in -any- way a sequel or expansion to Titan Quest. Don't expect it to be something it isn't. Yes it has some of the same staff members who worked on Titan Quest working on this game, but that knowledge is used to understand that they know what they're doing with this type of game.  And if you read the news and updates, you'll see they're always expanding their team, getting veteran game designers/developers/artists to help with the lore, story, and artwork.  Again, it's still early access, and they're working on it.Third, people say ""[insert dungeon crawling ARPG here] is better -- Bah, Fan boys!  I love this style of game, and played Diablo 2 so much my middle school AND high school grades suffered.  Diablo, Titan Quest, Torchlight, Path of Exile, the van helsing games... I've played them all and couldn't tell you why anyone would say any of them are better than this game (D2 excluded, cause, ya know... you can't beat that...).  And yes I've played D3 since it came out, since the expansion, and through seasons 1 and 3.  This game is more Diablo than Diablo 3.I'll admit, I bought it half off during the summer sale, but I loved it so much I bought a 2nd copy for a friend and he can't put it down either.  If I have any qualms about this game it's that it's only 4 player max, and the character customization (not to be confused with Class customization) is lacking. And by lacking, I mean non-existent beyond Male or Female.  But that's all bells and whistles, and it's not what makes this type of game fun.  Where the game earns respect is in the innovation and unique ideas they have come up with that make the game fun and interesting, while not impacting the traditional principles that make this type of game addicting and enjoyable.TL;DRHaters gonna hate.  This game's fun as hell!"
76561198013112344,Recommended,219990,12640806,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Broseph Stalin,"I initially bought this game without knowing it was from the makers of Titan Quest, and once in game, I immediately saw the resemblance.This game is a perfect followup to that, with interesting class diversity. Grim dawn doesnt have your typical Fight Mage Rogue Healer class types, and even has secondary classes. This almost forces you to explore more of the game, and that is a good thing!After splitting my time between two characters for a few hours each, I can say that each playthrough was slightly different. There is also a Normal < Veteran < Hard < Elite style difficulty, similar to Diablo and Titan Quest, so the replayability and longevity of the game seems fairly high.Ultimately, this is a great Hack 'n Slash RPG with nice class and skill diversity. Itemization appears satisfactory, with different weapon grades and magic items with a color coding system and stat rolls. Not to mention a co-op feature which I have yet to try.This bad boy is early access, but feels quite polished so far.8.7/10"
,Recommended,219990,14926031,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Lando,"Very fun, Nice Diablo I feel to it.Traveling system is shard based.  You typical teleport to spot transportation.The items in game are rated similar to classic RPGs(Gray, White, Green etc)Story is unique and capturingThe leveling system is similar to Diablo II but more varied is a class sense.Gameplay 8/10Graphics 7/10Story 8/10"
,Recommended,219990,30989909,Posted: 6 April,all,Raisin Bran,"Preface: I bought this game when it was 50% off, but I still think it's worth the asking price of $25. I usually say that if I can get a 1:1 ratio of dollars spent to hours played I'm happy, and I'm over that by a lot already.I've been wanting to write a review of this game for a while but I've waited until I've gotten some more play time into it so that I can give a solid review. Right now in the game I'm on Elite difficulty on my main character which is a Witch Hunter. First I want to start off by saying that this game reminded me of how I felt when I played Diablo 2. I'm not one for hardcore characters or anything, but I still enjoy a challenge. This game definitely provides a challenge.My first run through of this game was on normal difficulty, but if you are fairly experienced with these types of games, I would suggest going the Veteran route. It's one of those games that might kill you, but you can definitely strategize in the future to plan around getting killed again (though it does get more difficult). What I love aside from the dark atmosphere and fear of death all the time is the different types of augmentations for your character. You build it from the ground up in many different ways, and after level 50, you start getting access to Legendary items. There are attribute points (for your basic stats), mastery points (for your skills and buffs), and then shrines which give you access to devotion points which allow even more customization--something that all ""classes"" or masteries have access to. Depending on how you spend these, you can develop new skills or strategies or even survival methods.I'm not one to mind grinding games too much (especially when Diablo 3 was only story mode runs...), but this game offers choices on how much you want to challenge yourself. Though at a certain point (i.e. higher difficulties) it's thrust upon you. Even still, these higher difficulties offer challenege dungeons and harder areas to play in.It's definitely a game that I recommend using the wiki page through your playthroughs to help maximize your rewards in the game. It's a game I can play by myself which I love. I would definitely recommend getting this game if you want a hack and slash experience with great loot and skills. I'm sure others might say things against that, but it's all up to you!One thing I would like to nitpick is that there are some buggy aspects when pointing and clicking by different levels in this game, and even things that allow you to kill enemies a little better through walls. But these bugs aren't super bad, just can be a mild inconvenience.Thanks for reading, sorry it was so long!"
76561198086560642,Recommended,219990,16537415,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Confusing Zark,"This game is freaking great. Don't let the EA ( early access) disclaimer fool you the game is in late beta and will be fully finished this year. Grim Dawn is useing a modified Titan Quest engine and it shows the improvments. Grim Dawn is the only ARPG game that i don't mind spending hours trying to farm loot. The multiplayer is pretty good, although you may experiance moments of intense lag in large fights. Grim Dawns art style hits its them very well. with the music complementing the atomosphe.  When i play at night with my headphones I can get creeped out with the ambiance.  Combat  In Grim Dawn is great and you feel your characters power as you grow. This game is challenging and you will need to carefull early on, Grim Dawn does do a decent job of keeping comabt challangeing up untill the end. Grim Dawn does a good job at keeping up with it post apocalyptic theme, from merchents who overcharge their wares and having the currncy be peices of iron, to the scavenging of food to restore your constituion and the run down towns and farms. if any of this intrest you or you are a fan of this genre it is totally worth the price.  ps please excuse my typosAFTER RELEASE UPDATEGrim Dawn is still a great game and most of what I said still holds up but their are some problems that have surfaced.Combat: The comabt is still challenging but because of the nature of ARPG it is easy to become extreamly powerful now on the surface this seams to a problem, but it isn't and here's why you usally trade  survivalability for damage, most mobs on normal and veteran settings are not going to pose any threat, but once you get into higher settings it will balance out.Now there is the opposite to this spectrum with trading dps for surivalbility (I like the idea of being unkillable), again this isn't a problem but I will point it out since I am here. Like the ""glass cannons"" the ""Battle turtle"" will have to change in the later game mods just to beable to kill bosses. In normal it takes forever to kill things but you will never have to worry about dying.voice acting & cinematic: It is okay for the most part, I wasn't one of the plebs asking for it, but it is sufficient for being tact on. The opening cinematic is something to be desired it isn't really good and is to full of cheese for my tast and I love the army of darkness.Multiplayer: Oh boy this is a big problem with me the game constently suffers from lag spikes and with players getting freaquent diconnects (I never join servers I host them so I think it is only happening to people that joins servers) it is frustrating, but not unplayable unless you are doing SoT or CB or playing HC(also can we stop using the word hardcore to define permadeath it's stupid masochist mod is more accurate).immersion: Grim Dawns theme is a post apocalypse with a HP lovecraft twist and it delivers. They way some of the npcs you find are just disheartening from a crazed loon living in a infested city to a father considering doing something horrific. There are many good people in Grim Dawn brought to apsolute despair and are just trying to survive. The way Grim Dawn handles its world building is very hands off. You find many nots in the world through breaking verious bookshelves and finding stands with tomes on them. These are where the games lore and history are, you can read them at your leisure or not it is completly up to you, you can even make it a point to collect all the notes as most of them art part of someones journel and are numbered. The wrting in these notes are top notich and the few that I have took the time to read are like reading pages from a novel. One of my favorites are the origins of sillth, it is definitly chilling. I am left wanting to learn more about this games mythos, from the old gods you fight against to the other deities, you even get to meet one in game.Over all this game still holds up and is a steal at 26$ BUY IT NOW, DO IT, DO IT NOW!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,219990,12698326,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,kopfschuss,"Plays really well so far. Being from some of the makers of Titan Quest, in some ways it plays really similar to it. The classes work the same, and the stats more or less work the same. It feels like a more polished version of Titan Quest with much cooler classes, a better setting, and better animations. Plenty of good loot to sift through, but only a few epic drops so far, so it seems pretty balanced on that front. Can't wait to keep playing as they continue developing the game. Thanks devs for making this game, I now have another choice beyond Path of Exile, Torchlight 2, and Diablo 3 when I need that fix for this style of game. Currently this one has all of my attention."
,Recommended,219990,13890274,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Hypereia,"Melds the best elements from Titan Quest, (primarily class system/augmentation/itemization) while going for more of a Diablo II-ish setting, which could best be described as gothic steampunk.If you were a fan of the Diablo series, primarily Diablo II, definitely pick this up.If you thought Titan Quest had great mechanics, but didn't care for the Greek lore and setting, this is really the game for you.The multiplayer truly is great, you are given the option of enabling Instanced Loot as well, so there's no fighting over who gets what.You can also inspect other players at will, to view what gear they're using, as well as their other attributes.I was a bit skeptical at first, but after putting a good handful of hours into this, I can safely say this is one of, if not my most favorite ARPGs since the release of Diablo II: LoD.While I purchased this at half off, I can safely say this game IS worth the FULL price.A+, highly recommended."
76561198053730503,Recommended,219990,17127969,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Samppa,"I don't play that often and when I do I simply want to enjoy. Enjoy the world, the challenge, the story and all the other stuff. This game, even in its early access form, gives me exactly what  I want. The world seems interesting, the item embuing thing seems fun and the 2-way character build is something new. It is a bit of a Diablo, but in a good way. What I especially love is the difficulty level of battles already from the beginning. Unlike in many other games where you can simply run into any foe and click your way through, especially early game, Grim Dawn gives just enough for you to think when to rush in and when to actually kite around for a while. The game is by no means hard, but the difficulty level is just enough for me to feel engaged in battles. Especially against enemy heroes. This means I can actualyl enjoy the game casually all the way from the beginning - I don't have to rush and push my way through to end-game to have all the fun. I can have casual fun when getting to the end-game.Of course the game is not perfect. It is sometimes hard to target in battles due to environment and sometimes your surroundings might block your ranged attacks even when you don't see an obstacle between you and your target. But I am sure these are more of early access ""features"" rather than real problems.Either way I strongly recommend the game for ARPG guys around. Even for the more casual ones."
76561198027583413,Recommended,219990,13783402,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Apokalyxio,"Really good game. One of the best offline ARPG's atm and it also has a Multiplayer if you prefer to play together.Skill Tree could be a bit more complex, but that's going to be improved in the future as far as I've heard. The Developers are actively updating the game and working on new content. :)"
76561198031582120,Recommended,219990,12134787,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Kaeela,"If you, like myself, were still looking for the real successor of Diablo 2 look no further!When I happened to stumble upon this masterpiece on a weekend sale it was a no brainer. Even at it's current state as fairly polished and bug free product, with 5th class waiting to be added and level cap limitation [ September 18th], it's the most fun I've had with an ARPG in a decade.Dark atmosphere with fitting music, plenty of loot for a little gear hoarder to collect and messing around with the double class builds make sure the upcoming weekends are going to be booked. I'd say it's pretty much a must buy at it's current price if you enjoyed D2 at all.Well there you have it, first review more or less done. Hope it helped."
76561198139905607,Recommended,219990,29081174,Posted: 6 January,all,psyborg,"Excellent ARPG, if u r dissapointed from other similar games (*cough* D3 *cough*) and u do not want yourself to get burnt out in front of a screen 24/7 (*cough* PoE *cough*), this is your game"
76561198079381919,Recommended,219990,21448589,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,mikeydsc,"What can I say, this game is great.ARPGs have always had a soft spot in my heart. This game delivers on that. Loot galore, muliple classes and dual classing, detailed environements, coop and 4 player MP is all included.Quests, loot, exploration, theory crafting, loot, bosses, more loot, factions, reputation system, crafiting and more.Its been compared to D3, D2 and POE. I rate this game above those.For a look at the masteries, look here for some theory craftinggrimcalc.com"
76561197967340849,Recommended,219990,21531923,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Spree,Best Diablo 2 simulator since Diablo 2
76561197963978270,Recommended,219990,21467511,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,I3rklyn,"Most ARPG's don't hold my attention. Grim Dawn is beautifully designed and carries a depth to your gameplay and character development that is refreshing. Many ARPG's feel very cookie-cutter and Grim Dawn breaks through that hurdle in a number of ways. It really feels like a AAA title for half the price. Check it out!*EDIT* Over a year later I am still playing. I have five characters in Grim Dawn and never even finished Diablo 3. The devs continue to release patches and content, they listen to the community's feedback, and are currently working on an expansion. I can't say enough good about this very underrated game."
,Recommended,219990,21274204,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Jako,I liked it better than Path of Exile. So that's saying much. ;)
,Recommended,219990,21541128,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Kingius,"Quite why everybody in the reviews compares this game to Diablo 2 is beyond me. Did none of these people play Titan Quest? This is much closer to Titan Quest... and better too in pretty much everyway (and I like Titan Quest).  A different, slightly more  complex, experience than Diablo 3, it's effects are not quite as good (but then, what ARPG can boast better?) but the gameplay is great and the hours soon fly by. Also ... local coop! Great to see this still being supported in a modern game. Highly recommended."
76561198230255128,Recommended,219990,33643205,Posted: 18 July,all,EnjoyTheJourney,"This is hands down my favorite ARPG on the market today.Character development options have multiple layers and allow players to create quite a few builds that can be successful. Also, it's friendly both to those who like to mod and make god-like characters, as well as those who like to ""bootstrap"" each character through solo self found play. It also has a mini-game called ""crucible"" (separate DLC, very inexpensive) for those who like taking on waves of enemies. In addition, Grim Dawn has well thought through rogue dungeons that players can take on when they feel ready.The main drawbacks to the game have to do with limited multiplayer and limited documentation. Multiplayer is doable, but it's not as accessible and easy as it is for multiple other ARPGs. Also, you need to persevere with the game for a while to see how deep it is and to see how many reasonable options there are. There is online information available, but it takes time to work through it.Overall, though, Grim Dawn is easily worth the price being charged."
76561197990792941,Recommended,219990,15629926,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,silverlock,"Sixteen hours played so far, NO problems. Great loot, cool monsters. Graphics and sound are well done. Interesting health system. A great game created by a small group of people.  Well done guys."
,Recommended,219990,14970964,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,AzzaNancazza,"[24 hours on record, 3 classes played]I'll get right down to it and add my voice to those heralding vast amounts of praise to Grim Dawn. Anyone who enjoyed Diablo II, Torchlight I/II and Path of Exile will definitely enjoy this title.Even in its Early Access state, Grim Dawn has much to offer: Interesting classes, a gorgeous world shown via a great high-fidelity engine, quests aplenty, and a storyline that shines with promise as you slash your way through towns and villages, grasslands, swamps, caves, and highlands - with many more zones on the way judging by the in-game map.Oh, and we mustn't forget the Shineys! Loot. Tons of loot. Seriously, bring a truck."
76561198056337181,Recommended,219990,14254293,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Iridescent Dragon,"This game is far better than some of the ""twice the money finished games"" I have purchased and it is not even finished. Rock on, Grim Dawn."
,Recommended,219990,13804470,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ANG3LIC,Games atmoshpere is beautiful with great combat and content. Best of all doesnt hold your hand like creepy uncle Diablo
,Recommended,219990,16714130,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,LotusBlade,"Лучшая из hack-and-slash игр за всё время существования жанра. Никакие Диабло, Торчлайты и ВанХельсинги рядом не стоят. Сделано в традициях Titan Quest, так что многое узнаваемо по части интерфейса и прокачки, но сильно отличается от оригинала по концепции, атмосфере и контенту.Хоть игра и находится в раннем достуе на момент написания отзыва (завершен только 3 акт), уже есть чем заняться при достижении максимального уровня — охотой на монстров и заработком репутации. Отзывчивые разработчики, большое разнообразие предметов, навыков и всяих реликвий, много лора для изучения сюжета и мира... Это просто идеальная игра. Вот только бегать с кем-то в кооперативе оказалось менее весело, чем в одиночку, но я не уверен, что это минус.Можно играть без подключения к долбаному интернету, что сильно мешает в случае с Диабло 3....Обновлено. Теперь вышла релизная версия и контента стало в разы больше. Да, это несомненно великолепный продукт с кучей возможностей, с огромной реиграбельностью и превосходным будущим. Каждый аспект Grim Dawn на голову превосходит подобные в других играх, в ней собрано всё самое лучшее. Теперь нужно приложить просто титанические усилия, чтобы найти хоть какие-то недостатки. Наверное, это лучшее вложение средств в ранний доступ, которое я когда-либо делал."
,Recommended,219990,23485350,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,AdonaiChai,"What makes this a good game:Fun gameplay? Interesting storyline? Leveling? Getting loot? End-Game content?NOPE!Although this game does have all of that, the best thing about this game, and what draws me into the world to keep on playing, is the soundtrack! The soundtrack and ambience just makes this game that much better. Any game that can captivate me just by the music alone, is worth playing in my opinion.Check it out for yourself if you love great music and fun gameplay!"
76561198018894642,Recommended,219990,14340748,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Amjara,"A great game just like Titan's Quest and Diablo. I am stuck at Homestead due to waiting on the next chapter but I am having so much fun so far. Just ran around once I got as far as I could, killing stuff, making money and gathering loot. I have bought all the extra space in the loot chest but I can see myself needing more in the future! Lots of great loot to hoard.I recommend this game highly if you love the above mentioned games. I experienced no bugs or crashes given this game is still in early access mode. Excited for the next chapter!"
76561198046840849,Recommended,219990,21002319,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Archaeologist,"So, I am a little confused by people who have posted negative reviews due to the multiplayer aspect of the game. It is first and foremost a single player game that happens to have multiplayer bolted-on! For those who say it runs poorly, perhaps your hardware isn't up to the task? There have been some issues (after all the game is in early access) but for me personally the game runs well. Worst of all are those who whine that the dev's 'nerfed my favourite skill and now I can't play the game anymore because it's not fun' or words to that effect. There's no pleasing some people! I have got over 380 hours in game and I am still having fun. I've played multiple builds using multiple different skills and long let this continue!I would certainly recommend this game."
76561197975868971,Recommended,219990,21803428,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,loic_sephiroth,"I did not expect much, but gave it a try after reading some very positive reviews.I'm greatly impressed! The game is truly an ARPG master piece, and I really look forward for more expansions. The gameplay for ranged characters is superb, the scenarios are very well created and given life. Immersive. The music helps a lot to set the mood.I loved Diablo1,2 and 3, Titan Quest, and now this one comes on the first places. Great Lore and creative design. I want more!"
76561197975399959,Recommended,219990,21476400,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,prodigyx,My favourite one! Brings back memorys to Titan Quest and is much better than Diablo III!
76561197978966226,Recommended,219990,21465587,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,gilrad,It's like Path of Exile but way less cheap death difficulty and no Path of Economy Trader Simulator portion.
,Recommended,219990,20779458,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Zanagoth,"This game is the Undertale of Hack and Slash. It's redeemed the genre for me in so many ways.Also, I had my doubts about the game due to the massive art style difference from Titan Quest, but I can say this game is a solid successor to TQ's legacy."
76561197976805286,Recommended,219990,13538900,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[Ch4news.team]HugoStiglitz,"I WANT TO PLAY IT TILL MY EYES BLEED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!if you liked Titans quest, or diablo 2, or PoE, this games for you,, fun,fast.full of loot. its still in the beta but it plays well,. i highly reccommend this game to anyone that enjoys a good rpg.. cant sleep must play grim dawn"
76561198000853010,Recommended,219990,20762094,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Moon Doggie,"Did you like Titan Quest? Did you love the character freedom, of being able to combine a melee class with a caster class? or Just about any other combanation did you enjoy a world rich in lore and story then your going to really love this game it takes all the awsome qualities of Titans Quest and combines it with even more indepth character custamization now not only can you combine classes and mix and match what ever your in the mood for you can go even further with the devotion system its like christmas day everyday! the devotion system allows you to further develop your character quite uniquely by adding even more skills to choose from and more effects from said skills, so If you liked games Like Titans Quest and Diablo 2 then be sure to check this one out its a real Gem you dont want to pass by."
,Recommended,219990,28521216,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BumbaiShizzz,"An awesome game, if you love any of the Diablo or the torchlight series, im pretty sure you will love this one as well. at first i thought it was just a basic game but man, the story, mechanics, the design of the game itself is pretty good. Lots and lots of mobs to destroy and skill tree is very wide and flexible. it's pretty Gory too, expect some blood when u read the lores and fight off the monsters.10/10 would keep playing this if i have all the time. haha"
76561198069991539,Recommended,219990,10442474,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Jack Burton,"so far, i absolutely loves this game, it has a diablo feel to it but feels more advanced. i would recommend buying if you enjoy path of exile, diablo or divinty. great game"
76561197971074751,Recommended,219990,14801651,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,DeViLMaN,Great game from the guys that made Titan Quest. its on sale grab it now. its one early access game they actually continue to work on. I love it
,Recommended,219990,14650596,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,[]_ [] []D,"As of today Build 24 is out! I finally get to go in that town at the end of my last journey. Great game, will be hooked for a while. Titanquest engine runs, and feels new with the sound design, and gritty artwork in the game."
76561198097585422,Recommended,219990,23978722,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dyscordia,"An amazing game all around.Pros:- diablo 2 atmosphere (pretty ""grim"", as its name states) and bloody- lootfest (gotta get all those epics / legendary items)- good difficulty balancing (you'll always feel like your character could die if you don't pay attention)- amazing Devotion and dual-class system, super varied, allowing many different playstyles- respec-ing is basically free, the game encourages you to try many different ways to play the same character- killing enemies feels rewarding (nice effects etc., and loot, lots of loot!)- 4 difficulties (2 for the first playthrough, then 2 others for additional playthrough like in Diablo 2)- you literally need 2 min to start the game and get to the monster smashing action, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (esp. nice when you want to play for a short time)Cons:- sometimes it's a bit ""too"" dark (you may want to adjust your screen lighting)"
76561198039386132,Recommended,219990,22178330,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,[bluestreak] ejjp,One of best RPGs I have played in a very long time. Extremely long journey with ever increasing challenges. Many side quests. Awesome Game!
76561197972753004,Recommended,219990,26156938,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Nsist,"This is a highly recommended game. I love all the aspects of this game except for one flaw I'm having, The wireless 360 controller has a problem mantaining it's sticky keybindings. Don't know if this just my issue or a bug in controller options.But overall this game is well mantained and lots of fun and grinding of course."
,Recommended,219990,14448473,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Tildja,"Early accessGood game, really enjoyed the little time i have put into the game. Will play it alot more once the game is closer to release/is released."
76561197961701237,Recommended,219990,8234483,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dr.MARSHY,"Though still in development this game proves to be challenging and the rotating camera angles are a nice touch while playing so nothing gets missed especially new discoverable routes.The Above review is something I quickly compiled shortly after Grim Dawn launched on Steam Early Access. My glowing review still stands, this ARPG is solid and is by far one of the best games I have enjoyed in a long time. As you take a look at other reviews little to no players say many negative things about the game. Those who do point out performance type issues have points, but Crate has been serious about creating fixes to permanently squash glitches and errors. Grim Dawn is now at the point where more and mroe DLC is being released. 2 Content patches (both free so far) have been released with one adequately priced arena based DLC (on the steam store). Another 2017 early DLC is announced for a new class with an 8th to arrive after that. Crate openly supports modding of GZrim Dawn and the community has been tediously at work making some quality extentions. Do I support this game in the finished state after it's highly successful EA launch? I sure do! It would be a steal and my recommendation to get it on sale but even buying it at full price is worth it in my opinion. At full price you are supporting a highly active and interactive developer studio, encouraging them to continue their fantastic support, and giving them incentive to keep DLCs coming in the future. Buy and play the game, you wont be disappointed!"
,Recommended,219990,13128550,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[FT]JakeFromSt.Farm,"Reminds me of a lot of Champions of Norrath/D2 with a hint of D&D with multi classing and celestial  devotion ,very fun so far! if your looking for an ARPG game buy this."
,Recommended,219990,30590385,Posted: 18 March,all,Decapitator,"I bought this in early access as soon as I saw the TQIT team were on it, even though only Act 1 was available. The game keeps delivering on its promises, over and over again. I feel like I got 5x as much game as I paid for and it just keeps getting better with each update."
76561198036275457,Recommended,219990,21545934,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Myurian,"You loved Diablo 2 more than anything else? You love ARPG and love to creat your own character by figuring out all the possible option even when there are so many you do not know where to start? You love having to search, work and think to figure out the entire lore and story kind of like in Dark souls? You love digging for secret area and finding secret quest or hidden Character/achievement? You want a great single player experience or want to play with friends and still have a great experience? Then you will love this game. There is really nothing else to say. Go and get it now you will not regret it. You can thank me later."
76561197992436427,Recommended,219990,19789218,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Crensh,if your a fan of genre you must check this game out it's already loads of fun in this early stage.
,Recommended,219990,20270003,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,M00TALLICA,"I've only been keeping up with this game since about Christmas eve, and have been playing/streaming it nonstop since then. The setting. The sound design. The fluid combat. While there's a limited number of skills, unfortunately, there's still quite a variety of ways to build your characters.Worked on by at least one of the Titan Quest devs, with a Diablo 2 feel, more fluid combat than Path of Exile and more variety in items and builds than Diablo 3. I have a few complaints, but none substantial enough for me to even think about turning away from the game. I grabbed it through the winter holiday sale and have said multiple times that it's been worth every penny, to me. If it's ever on sale and you're looking for a new ARPG, you'd definitely be missing out if you don't pick it up."
,Recommended,219990,18197470,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,El Nakhla,This is the best Diablolike game ever made and it is not even finished.I have had a great time building and leveling five characters to the current max level and always found fun ways to make the different builds fun to play.Dual class system is awesome and there is just loads to do in this game already.Gameplay is nicely balanced so it does not get boringly easy or tediously complex almost ever.Even if you are against buying Early Access games this one I definitely recommend trying.
,Recommended,219990,21421383,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,WasabiPunjabi,I have been playing this game since the begining ad will continue to do so for a long time!
76561198041701953,Recommended,219990,21452857,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Traveling Morgue,"Great devs! Amazing game!Like ARPG's? You are going to LOVE this!Honestly, this is a complete package for ARPG lovers. Loot, leveling, crafting, exploring, awesome combat, great sounds...the list goes on. For $25 this game is a steal. Give Crate your money now and enjoy this masterpiece for months to come."
76561198044680692,Recommended,219990,20341168,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Chaddorama,If you loved Titan Quest then you'll love Grim Dawn! This is a well thought out spiritual sequel which is really worth playing! I am playing this cooperatively with a friend and there have been no technical issues thus far and we are both really pleased with the collaborative game play.
76561198076243973,Recommended,219990,20226128,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ten-Mou,"Greetings.For start i would like to say that i am big fan of Diablo 2 and sadly no ARPG that came out after Diablo 2 couldnt manage to bring the same feeling and fun Diablo series had ( Diablo 3 is garbage).And now we have it Grim Dawn!  The developers of the game made Titan quest which was a masterpiece ( didnt play it yeah shame on me :)  ) starting from team of 2 people and eventually grew to team of 10 people and managed to create this GEM.Since the ARPG market isnt that big we have 2 games that are currently the best on ARPG genre which are Diablo 3 ( ugghh) and its Free version which is Path of Exile.On the other hand none of those games reached the pinnacle of gameplay which diablo 2 had. DIablo 3 is just overpriced MMO these days and Path of Exile is a big market for trading gems-skills to make a cookie-cutter builds.Now lets see what exactly makes Grim Dawn a great game and why you should invest your time into it:Dual class system: you get a choice out of 6 classes( masteries) as you start on level 2 and another choice of class at level 10. Although its not forced and you can play 1 class just as any ARPG.Gear gives skills: there are lots of gear and components which can give you different skills as well be it passive or active.Devotion System: There are shrines located in the world of cairn as you adventure , some of them require  to be fixed(different componets required)  or kill a wave of monsters.After you restore a shrine you get devotion point which can be spent according to your like.Total of 50 shrines can be obtainable.Factions: you kill monsters for a faction to get respected with them which unlocks gear and augments to boost your character even further.I  can go on and on about game features but the game is awesome and worth every penny you give for it.3 Difficulties; Normal, Elite, Ultimate. 4 Huge acts to complete. 2 roguelike dungeons for more challenge. The game is content complete and fully playable which awaits some polishing and launch at February. Lets congratulate the developers on making such a badass game with little budget.  Cheers"
,Recommended,219990,11944288,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Classix,"Do not let yourself get scared away by the Early Access, this game is better then most completed games. This is the answer to fans of Diablo 2 that were disappointed by Diablo 3. I put a lot of hours in Diablo 2 and I will surely do the same here. My first big complaint was the multiplayer aspect not being in game, and now that they added that in the most recent patch, I have no problems with this game. Multiplayer matches do sometimes disconnect, but with everything just getting started, there will be bugs to work out. Devs are excellent, and this game is one the best, if not the best, dungeon crawlers out there. 10/10"
,Recommended,219990,11956660,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Mr Skellington,"Awesome game, great level design and atmosphere, cool classes (though one would want for more :P ), involving and intense gameplay.8/10 would recommend to a friendonly 8 cos it isn't finished, fully expecting final product to be a 10/10"
,Recommended,219990,16542861,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Artem,Very Grim. Fighting hordes of monsters in post-apocalyptic world. What can be better?
,Recommended,219990,11495906,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Tristan Damian,"This game is a must-have for every person who likes top-down perspective action rpg's like Diablo, Titan Quest and Torchlight. Yes it's still in it's beta, but it's already well-worth playing. The controls are easy and responsive, graphics and sound are good and overall gameplay is awesome!The only big let-down at this point is it's often occuring frame-drops, even at lower settings. This looks to be a beta problem though. The engine is probably not optimized yet and I expect this to be solved by the time they release the game."
76561197971679759,Recommended,219990,19809238,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Matacka,"How is this game? Marvellous really..And If you are the type of individual who has been waiting for an rpg that brings back that gritty Diablo 2 feel but on a much deeper level, then look no further. Crate Entertainment is really creating something special here in a game that's bound to be very, very special once more people get their hands on it at release. From the build diversity, to the great itemization and open explorable world, this game is just a masterpiece in the making. Put in this way, as an arpg enthusiast and fanatic really, only Grim Dawn and PoE have come closest to quenching that D2 thirst I once had. So kudo's to Crate Entertainment, a small indie company for out performing the mega millionaire/billionaire companies and delivering a hell of a game in the making!"
76561198056791770,Recommended,219990,12116425,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Protokohl,"PAY NO ATTENTION TO MY HOURS! I play offline a lot. Anway this is my review!! 12/10, yep I said it. You've heard 11/10 but I bet not many have heard 12/10! I'll tell you why; It's unique, I absolutely love it! It reminds of Titan Quest and the summers spent clickfesting away smashing enemies! I debated for a while whether to get it or not. Upon getting it I do not regret paying for it. It may be early access, but its very playable at the moment. The most interesting feature I think, is being able to rescue people and rebuild your town, its a rather unique feature and one I enjoy immensely! I hope this game goes big, like really big, and Crate can continue making more in this series for years to come!"
76561198023293461,Recommended,219990,11626188,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,dazedsheep,"After some hours and finishing act 1, I have to admit that this game has the chance to be the real Daiblo II sequel (in terms of gameplay). Though, the developers have to take their chance and there is still a lot of work to do.Pros:- Skilltree, finally a game that allows tinkering with skills and spells.- Two ""classes"" in one, or second spec.- Typical Diablo like Hack'n'Slay- You are responsible for stats assignment- Has this ""I want to see more and gather items"" feeling or at least unleashes it- Futurue support or partly supported already: CraftingCons:- The Titan Quest engine, yes, someone may say it is doing a great job but there are many things this engine is not capable of (e.g., missing shadows, performance issues, etc.)- The gameplay is not that smooth yet.- Only 2 acts until now (CONSIDER: Early Access!)- Crafting is currently not really balanced- Level capThe game has a lot of potential but the devs need to unleash its potential. There are still some things that are not yet finished and will need a lot of polishing.Finally, I recommend this game to everyone who is searching for a old fashioned Hack'n'Slay."
,Recommended,219990,13873641,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Doctor Boozehound,"What can I say? Everything you loved about Titan Quest Immortal Throne and more.  The TQ engine has been upgraded with some new tricks, and the new environments and maps are a delightful treat. The best part is the Steps of Torment dungeon which has you crafting a key to open a dungeon that has no access to portaling out, and the key is destroyed upon entry. If you die you have to start over after crafting the key. It adds dynamic challenges to the game. The is an early access game you can trust. The developers have a lot of pride in their project and it shows both in game and in the community. 10/10 would roll another character again and again."
76561197972808373,Recommended,219990,14921054,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,OctanePenguin,"Titan Quest lives again in this spiritual successor that expands upon ideas of loose quest progression and meaningfully-destructible environments which leads to a very open-world feel.Secrets feel secret (reminiscent of old Gauntlet games) and items have fun and unique stats, often times granting cool new abilities.For those left wanting with the somewhat shallow story of Path of Exile, they'll inhale this game's intriguing quest dialogs, flavor text, noteable NPCs, and lore drops throughout the game."
76561197971542742,Recommended,219990,13761830,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Athus,"If you like playing Diablo 2 / Titan Quest, or if u want an excellent ARPG, then u HAVE to get this game. Altho it is unfinished yet (beta) , it feels more complete than many ARPGs.Cant wait to be released :)"
76561198004433380,Recommended,219990,13988768,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,andrew.ian,Very happy with this game. Can't wait to see what this year brings.
,Recommended,219990,12198402,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,FireEatingNinja,"Speaking from only playing singleplayer thus far  - Grim Dawn shows amazing promise. I'm not particularly ""into"" buying Early Access games, but I showed this one an exception after closely watching it's progress on Kickstarter. I've sunk a good 3 days of playtime into Grim Dawn and it was worth it.I've played Diablo 2 more than any other game. I've been waiting for it's successor and this may very well be it. Even Diablo 3 doesn't hold a candle to this game. Grim Dawn is the remains of Titan Quest's engine - repurchased it's own creators and greatly tweaked and improved upon. Whatever grainy feeling I got from it has it's own charm.Grim Dawn is a game where you're rewarded for exploring and completion. Finding and killing elite or 'named' mobs give bonus XP. Leveling up dramatically improves your combat finesse with new abilities, passive and active. The skill/class system, which was the best part of Titan Quest is still fully imbedded in Grim Dawn. Doing side quests often gives stat or skill points. I like to call myself a 'Completionist."" Clearing the map, talking to everyone, doing every side quest. It's nice being rewarded for it and you will be rewarded in this game.You also get to choose where you go and in what order you do a lot of quests. There are currectly 2 wings (acts?) from the main city and you COULD go to the Act 2 area quite a bit earlier then you need to. Crate has addedoptionsso you can makedecisionsinstead of making a completely linear game.The loot grind is there. Set items. Uniques. Decent rares. You'll be searching and you'll be loving it. Some gear improves specific abilities and other gear can be used by multiple classes, depending on your spec. A shared stash makes the loot grind less painful when that unique sword drops for your caster. :bI've spent the majority of my time playing non-hardcore characters, however I normally do play hardcore in these types of games. The one character I did play in hardcore I felt like the game was well balanced for it. I think I ended up dying but it was due to my poor decision, opposed to a flaw or unfair part of the game. I do suggest if you play hardcore that you play through whatever content is currently out before jumping into it. Mistakes will be made.Note: This is not an EASY game. You can run directly into enemies or a boss 5-10 levels higher than you and get obliterated. That feeling you have when you die is something that no other games like this give - Freedom. And it's great.Grim Dawn? More likeGRINDAWN.... in a good way."
,Recommended,219990,13862648,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,bubbaste,"Fantastic game. The gameplay is great and alll but, it's the little things that make this game special in my opinion. For example, three different colour blind modes for those of us who are, the talent/constellation progression makes for a really interesting and almost unlimited amount of character builds to play around with. The story is (as the title suggesrts) very dark but also well told with some pretty good voice talents. The development team have done a stellar job and you can tell by playing the game that it has been a labor of love. Cannot recommend this game highly enough if you enjoy the genre or, if you wanted to try an ARPG, this is not a bad place to start. Thanks for reading, may you enjoy the game as much as I am."
76561198022611551,Recommended,219990,14099977,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mortigar,"Only one hour in yes, but most Arpgs you know quickly if you enjoy them or not, that being said everyones taste is different.If you like a game that has well thought out skill tree's, a reasonably well balanced RND loot system (specially at the low levels) that doesnt feel like a job to play and enjoy.Then give it a shot, it sounds like the last act is nearly finished and the gameplay feels solid even at the low end of things.It's not out to reem your wallet or your time, unlike some other games out there.You can tell that Crate, is pationate about developing this game and its worth every penny, buying this game helps them make it better and provides them the means to grow as a company and extend this game and make new games."
,Recommended,219990,13625512,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Planadroit,"I was pleasantly surprised with Grim Dawn. I danced around the idea of getting it since its release, but ignored the urge until the Holiday sale. I'm happy I saved money on the product, but if I could go back in time I would have bought it day one.ProsThe developer support seems very good as patches are released reguarlyThe developer listens to the community - New features are constantly added based on feedbackThe game has interesting classes and buildsThe gear works well with the skills and set/crafted pieces seem fun to put together in regards to buildsYou feel powerful as a playerThe future - Can't wait to see what's nextConsThe AI seems repetitive, but perhaps it's because I haven't gotten too deep into the gameYou get a bunch of quests without a lot of direction on where to go and why; however, the area forces you in the direction due to environment design (Lame, but effective)As an avid isometric RPG player, I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,219990,13757068,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Vlackrs,"Like titan quest but much better!!!Finally GD launched, they added many things since i played, more items (legendary), devotion system and more act 4.Great game."
,Recommended,219990,13758474,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Farbrorhumla Nigga power,if you like diablo 2 you will love this game :)
76561197993296096,Recommended,219990,13867777,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Tuba,"Not even completed this awesome ARPG is better than D3, TL2 and PoE. You can customize your character to your playstyle and not have the game force you to play a certain way. All the attributes are meaningful. Dual classing opens many doors and it is fun blending the skills. The loot drop rate feels just right, not too low and not too high. While it is very simular to Titan Quest, it is very different and personally I like this game more than TQ.Totally worth full price, $25 is a steal for a game like this."
,Recommended,219990,16707384,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,V3NG34NC3,"pro's+epic adventure compared to path of exile imo grim dawn is alot more rewarding for time invested.+fun in depth crafting system.+ real feeling of progression as you lvl up with rewarding drops for the tough battles, No more countless hrs of grinding in the hopes of getting one half way decent item for your build.+faction system is neat with perks.+Secret areas to find hidden loot.+good presentation with very few graphical glitches like some skill animations not disappearing on the AI after they attack not a big deal game is still in development and this happens rarely.+some mobs scale to your lvl for the most part which is a smart way to go with AI.+ Skill tree's that are stright forward and easy to understand not to mention easy to fix/undo unwanted skills  to refocus your build without costing you an arm and a leg.+recently saw they snagged a new game design assest who used to work on diablo 2 so i imagine this game will get bigger over time. the map is huge with plenty of room to add at least another 50+hrs of content on top of the already big chunk they already have, i finished my first run through in about 40hrs so much to explore and do i took my time with it i havent even touched the steps of torment yet im gearing up for that as i imagine it will be tough.Con's- This is a random issue that can occur after long periods of playing but the game will stop responding and lock up might be a memory leak or build up of game assests not bing flushed from memory this is just a guess im sure their aware of this but it hasnt been a big enough issue to be to bothersome were talking like 4+hrs of grim dawn app running, only happened once during a boss fight.i havent seen any game breaking issues aside from the random lockups after long play sessions i also cant comment on the networking aspect of multiplayer with grim dawn as of yet so i couldnt tell you weather it suffers from dsync issues like path of exile does- no tooltip dmg numbers yet to account for all your gear passives buffing up certain skills. this is nit picking as its obvious when using a new item if its better or not.- as i was a player coming from path of exile i thought hardcore deaths would send you back to standard as their is no warning label on the difficulty setting when you start a new game i died at lvl 20 and was like oh no want my *&^% toon back lmao. now you know. re-rolled in standard and still died alot in some parts which was fun/ learning exp."
76561198047910477,Recommended,219990,30591514,Posted: 18 March,all,Zaknafein,"Very atmospheric world that takes you into its prefice and makes you feel like there is something at stake. The loot is always rewarding and so awesome that every time you find a new epic or legendary, there is new ideas for builds popping into your head. Oh yea, builds. There is so many of them and really almost all of them are viable. You want to be a dual wielding gunslinger? Sure. A guy that fires a freakin laserbeam? No problem. A commando that just smacks everything with a 2-Handed mace. Why not!Soundtrack is awesome too. 10/10"
,Recommended,219990,21466369,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Deaniebikini,"This is great....Ya want lore?....IT'S GOT IT!!!Ya want loot?....IT'S GOT IT!!!Ya want action?....IT'S GOT IT!!!Ya want classes?....IT'S GOT IT!!!In all seriousness this is a great game, with massive replayabilty. A smooth and addictive gamplay loop and great art design."
,Recommended,219990,21455564,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Poopdeck Pappy,Like Titan Quest?What about Diablo 2?Fan of the ARPG genre?Give this game a chance.Highly recommended and now officially released.
76561198059849022,Recommended,219990,22027277,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,cZu,"Im 30 years old oldschool gamer that has played so many games that even famous (boring in my oppinion) Skyrim was able to atract me for only 10 hours. Games in wich I spend ALOT of time was FF series, Diablo 1,2, PoE, Dark Souls series, Fallout 1,2, Baldur's Gate's (IWD), Ultima, Warcraft untill WTLK etc. In this game Iv spend 265 hrs in last 3 weeks and I plan on spending more. If you want to PLAY wellmade game  and by accident you like games that iv mentioned higher, dont think and just buy it...you wont regret."
,Recommended,219990,21266236,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,BlackPearl,Amazingly exceeded my expectations.Grim Dawn > Diablo III
,Recommended,219990,21681787,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Dr. Kushenstein's Monster,Great game. classic diablo style arpg. nothing bad to say about it.
,Recommended,219990,21541114,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Lone Wolfe (Hoover1979),"Great ARPG, supurb visuals, excelent design and a great take on the ARPG that absolutely spanks Diablo III right and proper.  I recommend this to any ARPG fan around.  6 out of 5 stars!I backed this game right from the beginning and watched it grow and flourish from a short 700Mb demo to a near 5Gb masterpeice.  Rarely do I purchase Early Access, unless I can see a great future for a game. This game is the true personification of Early Access done right.I just wish I had more time to play this true gem in the rough.  Full-time studies and part-time employment have cramped my gaming lifestyle severely.(But no one said studying to be a Clinical Psychologist was going to be easy!)I can't wait to see what Crate has in store for us in the future.Visuals:Stunning visuals of a world shattered by the Apocalypse of Monsters and the Undead.Story:Immersive Storyline.(About time for an Original Storyline in my honest opinion).Character Customization:Go for hack and slash or use a rifle for run and gun.  The choice is yours.Playability:I could play and replay this game forever.Overall:This game is Immersive, challenging and all-in-all, a unique take on the classic ARPG.But why listen to me droning on?  Try the game out yourself, you won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,219990,21541299,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,CdrBystro,"D3 never really engaged me.  it felt there was very little in the way of customisation when it came to character builds.  It just turned into ""I'm lvl 70 now let's grind gear"" far too fast to keep me interested.Path of Exile I had the opposite issue, took too long to get to do anything fun and clearing the story just felt like a grind to me.  I was afraid to spend any points incase I made a mistake and had to restart.Grim Dawn I feel hit the middle perfectly.  I was hooked on the story, was challenging and fun customising with some interesting enemies and massive areas.  Great considering the small team behind it.  I'm hooked."
76561198008149534,Recommended,219990,20348337,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,SlacK CaT,"Still waiting for the next Diablo 3 expansion pack?Grim Dawn is the answer....A very nicely crafted game with plenty of content to satisify any Diablo veteran.The developers really have created a superior game. Alot of time and effort shows in Grim Dawnas the graphics rival that of Diablo and the Blizzard team.Soundtrack and FX seem to fit the theme nicely.Lotsa weapons, armor and items and character class is customizable.There is even a cool star chart of the constellations where you can further develop your character with (star perks)$24.99 is an excellent price for the content delivered with Grim Dawn.And theres plenty of blood and gore to satisfy the chupacabra in youI rate Grim Dawn with 8.9 out of 10 stars"
,Recommended,219990,20282006,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Psylent,"Every once in awhile you run across a game that your on the fence about but decide to take a chance with. I took a chance with Grim Dawn not really expecting much from it, but let me just sat that i am vary surprised at not only the detail that the game has but the sheer enjoyment that I'm having playing it.I did take a chance with this game and I am glad I did. It's a fun little gem that I intend to sink many hours into exploring all the different types of classes and skills as well as exploring the captivating world the game takes place in.If you on the fence and are looking for a great game that the developers have taken a lot of pride in making, both in story and attention to gaming detail, then I strongly suggest you look no further. Get this game and start playing it right now!"
76561198093891049,Recommended,219990,13701123,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,gustaff89,"Fantastic gameplay and lore. A ressurection for classic RPG ""Diablo-like"" titles. Addictive and fresh. Looking foward for the final version.Congrats for the devs! A small team with great ideas and really supportive for the gaming community."
,Recommended,219990,14139301,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Corpsecrank,Do you like arpg games? If you said yes buy this immediately. I have 60 hours in as of this review and that is having only made a single character. I took my first character to the current level cap of 40 and am currently at act 3 chapter 1 the end of the content so far. I have already gotten my moneys worth at this point as far as I am concerned. I can hardly imagine what the entire game will be like let alone any future dlc or sequels. By the time I finish my first charcter to the end of the full content I will have no less than 80 to 100 hours I bet. And there are so many other cool characters to try out after that plus multi-player.
76561198005772592,Recommended,219990,9412211,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Awsumpossum,"I scrapped my original review in favor of this one, instead.Grim Dawn is the best ARPG I have played in years and I've played almost all of them; the entire Diablo franchise; Torchlight franchise; Path of Exile; Van Helsing franchise; Titan Quest [albeit after its prime]; and many more lesser known titles.  I adore isometric ""hack n slash"" games.Grim Dawn has a lot of shining qualities and some blemishes, but the number one reason this game has stolen my soul lies in its deceptively complex nature.  Yes, you can load up a tank character, stacked with health and defensive ability, but with lukewarm damage, and spam 1-2 buttons through the available content quite easily.  For some, including myself, that was a little off-putting at first.  However, to truly min/max and tap into the untamed potential of a god, you need a deep understanding of how classes and abilities interact with each other; where diminishing returns of skills are; and so much more.  The dual class system [also featured in Titan Quest] is riddled with potential builds and each build ACTUALLY plays significantly differently [something I greatly appreciate].  Man, I love it.The game also has tons of components.  Components are similar to features in other games; they can be attached to armor/weapons/jewelry to buff resistances, damage types, health, constitution, and seemingly any other stat.  Many of them can be upgraded to a second rank or combined with another to create an entirely new component.  There are a LOT of different components.  So many so that they eventually pack your inventory full of random bits and pieces [this is one major annoyance for me.  I'd like to see a separate inventory area with nearly unlimited space for ""crafting components""; this would function similar to Warhammer Online's separate bag for quest items].  They are a nice complement to skills that you might be trying to build around in the actual mastery trees.Some people complain about Grim Dawn's graphics, I've never understood why.  The graphics are raw and gritty and complement the games atmosphere excellently.  I cannot think of another game in the genre that has truly ""better"" graphics.  The other day I logged onto Diablo 3 to see what their Ladder system was like and the graphics felt way too cartoony for me.  Sure, they are polished, but they left a lot to be desired.  Grim Dawn's graphics feel right for what the game is: a gritty tale of survival.  Sure, some item models are a little bit less desirable than others, but nothing is ever going to top the disgust I have for Path of Exile's Templar class.  ""Where're my pants, brah!?""The main problems in Grim Dawn are pretty well-documented.  Not necessarily on the steam forums, but certainly on Grim Dawn's official site [a site in which the development team is quite active and responsive; when I wrote about their ""constitution"" mechanic, we got into quite a heated debate which I really enjoyed and appreciated].  I'll touch on a few of my qualms here:1) There are a lot of damage types and none of them feel that ""distinct"".  What I mean by this is, outside of frost [which has the chance to freeze, and a chill effect], the damage type(s) you're building around are pretty much just for the role-playing side of things.  That isn't to say that certain mobs aren't more resistant to certain types of damage, because they are - i'm looking at you skeletons and ghosts! - it's just to say damage types don't have the type of cool status effects found in Path of Exile.  Some of the skills and skill modifiers, themselves, add these features, but I think it'd be nice to have some baseline effects as well.  The second reason this sucks is it can feel, at times, very difficult to find synergy between some of the mastery types.  This will certainly be less of an issue when the game officially releases with a high level cap and availability of all mastery types, but right now it is tough.2) Melee OWNS Casters right now.  All weapons have baseline physical damage, which means if they roll multiple affixes/suffixes that buff physical damage they will fundamentally be more powerful than casting builds.  Casters only benefit from %fire damage or % burn damage affixes not generic fire damage [ex. 5-10 fire dmg, 5-10 burn damage] as spells do not count as ""attacks"" and therefore don't utilize, for the most part, the weapon's base weapon damage when modifying a skill [ex. a spell will deal 70 vitality damage; an attack might deal 125% weapon damage + a flat 25 physical damage].  Right now all of the most powerful builds rely on physical/piercing damage for these exact reasons.  Similarly, spells cannot lifesteal.  Couple that with the way stat points are functioning right now [another feature I love, couldn't believe they eliminated it in Diablo 3] and it leaves casting classes at a huge disadvantage.  That said, the devs have acknowledged the problem exists, made their position felt, and are working with the community to come to a reasonable solution.My hands are literally getting tired of typing, so I think I will begin to wrap this up.  Grim Dawn is phenomenal, i've already sunk well over 150 hours into it and the full game isn't even released.  The storyline is better done than most other ARPGs [not known for their strong story-telling - this type; i'm not talking about the Baldur's Gates of the world...semantics people], with a lot of pieces of parchment that have bits and pieces of additional story/atmosphere-building littered throughout the world.If the game is to last long-term in the world of insatiable gaming desire, I think it will need to consider developing some type of end-game [they've sort of given a preview of how they plan to develop things with Steps of Torment 4-5]. Right now most of my lasting enjoyment has come from farming bosses for unique items, carving through the hardest dungeons, and experimenting with different builds [mostly the latter].  I don't think it needs to create an endgame as bonafide as Path of Exile's [which has really set the standard for what an ARPG can accomplish], but I do hope to see more Rogue-like dungeons implemented.That's all for now, pick this game up."
,Recommended,219990,16827941,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Crowzer,"I don't like HnS, yes. But Grim Dawn made me to reconsider this opinion, and now I really enjoy it. GD is still in early access, however it's come to the end soon.Grim Dawn clearly worth a try."
76561198094288481,Recommended,219990,14390993,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Garheardt the Black,"If you put over a thousand hours into Diablo 2 constantly theory crafting new characters and trying out new combinations, if you picked up Diablo 3 with the expectations of doing it all over again and found it wanting, if you hunted around for alternatives and even considered returning to diablo 2, then this game was made for you.It isn't finished yet, so if you can stand to wait, you might want to. However, it already plays better than Diablo.When it's finished? 10/10"
,Recommended,219990,16531761,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,victorsmith,"Addicted to this game, grab it till summer sale is over.!!"
,Recommended,219990,19359911,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,BioKnight101,"Well, I was looking for a new game to play. I like ARPGs and this one looked nice and had good reviews.I knew it would get me some hours of fun so I bought it on discount.I created a character, there was no character customization, I was annoyed a bit.then, I started the campaign.This game... Has SO MUCH POTENTIAL and it is already amazing.The action in this game is more than just running around spamming skills at hordes of enemies or dull bosses like in Torchlight II, here the enemies are varies and have special abilities, you have to know your enemies, and you have to kite them (or build yourself a tanky character which is also possible, but still will require kiting and moving around in combat).The bosses are really well done, the maps are very nice and not repetitive (there's always new stuff to find, eney camps to raid and underground cave-systems and cellars to explore).This game also features an ability to create a portal wherever you are (in dungeon, before boss fights, just when exploring and inventory got full...) and use it to teleport to one of the portals scattered across the entire map.I am a lazy person and this has been satisfying me since the beginning. Inventory gets full in the middle of a dungeon? or after a boss fight? No worries! Teleport to town, sell stuff, bank stuff, teleport back to your custom portal.There are two things that bother me about this game:1. When your weapon has elemental damage on it (like fire or lightning) it is not visible on the weapon itself, only on attacks. I like wielding weapons with effects like they're burning or have lightning around them, just something I personnaly like and think is missing.2. Some enemies feel unbalanced, for example: the ""Fury"" enemy is a tanky zombie with powerful attacks that has a chance of draining life on hit and shows up rather early in the game. With the help of HP potions they are not a big deal but at a certain point in the game they show up more often and in bunches which I find pretty hard to deal with. So that's challenging but I think maybe a bit too much.Generally, I think this game is definitely worth the full price and maybe even more than that.I like comparing it to Torchlight II because the mechanics and gameplay are alot alike, so I'd like to say that this game is slightly better than Torchlight II as it is now, and it hasn't been released yet, so it has a huge potential.If you like ARPGs and just fun adventure RPGs in general, I highly recommend this game :D"
76561197978691497,Recommended,219990,11295720,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Sparko,"Lets see here. If Diablo 2 was in a bar and met Path of Exile, and the two of them went home together, 9 months later Grim Dawn would be born. This game is awesome. Artwork is fresh, music is exciting, physics are smooth. Interesting combonation of traditional skills and gem creations give Grim Dawn an edge over similiar games. Oh wait... its still in alpha... and its still badass!8/10 for reals."
76561198041303445,Recommended,219990,13776285,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,frequency,"9/10pros:good loot, lots of skills(altho would want more) ,tons replayablity,realy well made bosses, lots of stats .cons: dying does not matter if u die u lose small amount of xp and u can come back to the place u died in an instant (you have infinit portals) there needs to be some harsher penalty, some aoe spells feel very buggy when used basicly most of the time u wonder why some mobs didnt get hit (tried throwing knifes skill and some skills that give attack mods that lets u hit adjacent mobs pls fix asap).however this game and DAI  were the best games i have played this year,and  for the buggy spells i expect this to get fix before launch."
76561198000897089,Recommended,219990,13697914,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cleanfabric,"I've been playing for abvout a week and I absolutely love the game.It really brought me back to the Diablo 1 Era.Pretty sure this game will keep me occupied for a while.I recomend this game, even if it's still in early access"
76561198032742896,Recommended,219990,15705910,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,woodduck,"Easily the best early access game I have ever played. Why? Because right from the initial load screen it plays and feels like a complete game. The only thing ""early"" about this game is that is incomplete; you can only progress so far through the world.All in all, a great action RPG."
76561198005373889,Recommended,219990,13660986,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hands,"Highly recommended for TQ and Diablo III fans! Even at EA stage, this game is indeed relatively polished.The only regret is purchasing the game at a discounted price, should have paid in full to support the developers!"
,Recommended,219990,13744889,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Noob,"Great game unfortunately the multiplayer lacks a closed realm. In other words they lack servers that diablo 2 had in order to host events like ladders etc... A great thing I loved about arpgs was collecting rare loot and trading it for other currency (for instance runes diablo etc.) (path of exile orbs)  or other gear during competitive ladders. I think at one point they discussed the potenial to have their own servers but the cost would be too high as of now. They would need to see how well the game goes over when it's actually released before they can jump the gun on that. Basically finding rare loot isn't as rewarding since people can alter their save files and get whatever gear they desire. If you don't care about online that's great or closed servers that's also fine.I really enjoyed most of the classes but occultist was extremely bland for me. This game has good things about it and bad things. The bad consists of horrible particles, animations and spell effects for abilities. You don't feel powerful with some of the abilities just due to how it looks visually. Some of the builds disappoint me there isn't much of a variety and some skills feel out of place. I was also full of extreme sads when I learned there was no dedicated healer with utility like in Titan quest. I expect the game to get better with time especially when it's released and when expansions come around. It's worth the price where it stands now as they are adding other acts soon.8/10 for me."
,Recommended,219990,19895661,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DollaBillYall,Step 1:  Add to cartStep 2: Confirm Purchase
,Recommended,219990,21492211,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Tararabbit111279,"What happens when diablo, torchlight, and titan quest gang bang a video game developer and you're not quite sure who the father is? Grim Dawn."
76561197973803536,Recommended,219990,21581194,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Anabolic08,"Amazing Game.Takes everything about Diablo 2 that I loved and just made it into something amazing.Extremely user friendly - controls and UI are simple and perfect. Introduction into the game is quick and easy, no hand holding, I loved it.B E A U T I F U L game - on my gtx 970, I run everything on high/very high and this game is just freaking gorgeous. The lighting is my favorite part. As you walk around, the shadows around you shift because your character is the only sorce of light in the room.No bugs, Not One. Zero crashes, zero problems. - such a refined product that I will gladly purchase from this content creator in the future with confidence.I am only 5 hours in but I can tell that I will be neglecting the rest of my steam library for a very long time.As much as I want to say this is the true successor to Diablo 2.....I can't. That would be a show of disrespect to this game and its creators.This isnt the next Diablo , that torch burned out long ago. This is the first in what I hope to be a series of games.....this is Grim Dawn."
76561198006673447,Recommended,219990,21950628,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,byzzz,"Wonderfull, deep, full of characters customization and mechanic, possibility of change scale UI and other good option. Play Grim Dawn remember emotion of Diablo 1 with this graphic very dark/noir.Grim Dawn is not a indie game but a deep, funny and intrigant game."
76561198123640628,Recommended,219990,31621068,Posted: 8 May,all,Luci(Xeno)fuge,Gonna keep it simple. for 25 bucks you get a diablo 2++ experience. 300+ hrs in and still has my attention.
,Recommended,219990,22357429,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Rakshaaz,Grim Dawn it's the best slasher\rpg after Diablo 2I definitely recommend this game - be sure to purchase!!!
76561198026162851,Recommended,219990,20822290,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Matt,"10 mins into the game and i can already see what all the fuss is about. 9 hours in now, re-rolled and loving it. HC is going to be so much fun i can already tell."
76561198031195466,Recommended,219990,21080793,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,tony-p1,"Started last week but this game is amazing!It is definately value for money!!1)Very good old school arpg game - just how arpgs should be made.2)Graphics are good-visuals-spells, everything looks cool and fine, and at the same time this game is dark and serious.3)Very good skills customization4)Gameplay is fast paced and not complicated- not easy-not hard for someone new in this genre of games(still some bosses require kitting though)I would not like to say anything negative since i do not think there are much to say but i would make a suggestion. For the end game some dungeon like-and dungeon finder should be added to make this a blast. And some improvements for the multiplayer mode would be great too. Single player mode is great. Just focus a little bit more on multiplayer after you have more resources to afford a server. I know that this game was made by a team of 4 people if i am not wrong and now it expanded at 10 people.A must play game if you love rpgs.My rating would be 9/10 for its genre and i totally recommend this game!"
76561198007271671,Recommended,219990,21466423,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Seanivs,"Excellent ARPG with a lot of polish and so many possible builds and variations to try it's almost mind-boggling. The fact the devs were fearless and allow the player to create totally unworkable, useless builds provides half the joy of learning and discovery. It's very possible your first couple of chars will be completely underpowered, so you go back and make use of the generous re-spec options to shuffle some skill points around and try again. By the time you've gotten a couple chars under your belt you'll begin to learn what works, what synergizes where, and you're off to the races.The mobs are mostly typical hack and slash fare, nicely animated, and the loot drops in massive piles like it should. Which brings me to the only minor complaint I'd level right now. NEED MOAR STORAGE! You can eventually buy what looks like four large bank tabs shareable among your various chars, but there are SO MANY crafting materials and tempting drops that they fill up very rapidlyOverall, great game, more than worth full price. A LOT of work went into it and it shows. Please show your support to how early access games should all turn out."
,Recommended,219990,19908184,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Edo,"very interesting ARPG, great gameplay. Really worth it"
,Recommended,219990,10971013,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Axxic,"As someone that has recently purchased quite a few Indie and Early development games, I am seriously impressed with this game. The graphics looks great, sound is good and the overall game play I am enjoying. If this is still early release, I cannot wait to see the finished product.Great work guys worth my money spent"
,Recommended,219990,20601613,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,VektorGeometrix,"-----The Game Diablo III Could Have Been-----Did you play through Titan Quest, but wish the game had more H.P. Lovecraft and less Rick Riordan?Have you ever wanted your own pet bear made out of thorns so you could grind those bullies at school into a chunky red paste?Were you thoroughly unimpressed by Diablo III but played it anyway because, let's face it, what other options did you have?Have you ever played a fantasy action RPG where guns would definitely have made it better?If you can answer ""yes"" to any of the above questions, Grim Dawn is a game you need to play (also, if you answered ""Yes"" to the thorn bear question, you should seek therapy imediately. Such fantasies are not healthy and the help of a professional is strongly advised).For the Low, Low price of $24.99, all of the things below can be yours today (Okay, maybe not today, but definitely in a week if you work hard)!GUNS: pistols, rifles, revolvers, revolving rifles, muskets, cowboy rifles... you get itSWORDS: BIG swords, little swords, stabby swords, choppy swords, tiny swords, blunt swords... ON and ON.ARMOR: Cloth! Leather! Metal! What else?CLASSES: Six to choose from; pick two.TALENTS: a massive talent tree unlocks perks and skills depending on which gods you show devotion to.SKILLS: Too many to list. More than you can fit on your hotbar.The game can be very demanding in big fights. Though most of the time the game sits at a comfortable 60fps (VSync), sometimes I slow down to a 21fps crawl at 1080p max settings on my:core2 Extreme 6850 @ 3.5GHzKingston HyperX FURY 8GB 1866 MHzGTX 970 4GBOh well. I thoroughly enjoyed beating it this weekend! it also has NG+ and NG++ modes for Uber Completionists."
,Recommended,219990,12506974,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MeatBuckler,"This is the true successor to Diablo II.Gritty, dark, bloody and violent hack n slash.Fantastic, even in early access.If you can buy it, Buy it."
76561198168555921,Recommended,219990,14316781,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,leofire73,"Fantastic Game! Can't stop playing for more than a day! Already leveled two characters to 40 and now I am working on another new character. I also enjoying playing in multiplayer mode with a friend in Germany who also purchased the game on my recommendation! Great job Crate!  Incredible crafting system and loot gathering.  Challenging and yet extremely rewarding playthrough of all ""rogue type"" dungeons! I played Titan Quest since it came out and beat it on every level except Legendary. This games continues and builds on that legacy; looking forward to seeing what is in store for the future! If you are thinking about getting this game and have play TQ, Diablo, or any ARPG in the past; do it! So much fun!"
76561198182331105,Recommended,219990,14733459,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,jeffreyvangowarden,"Wonderful mechanics and beautiful gameplay, with many explorables and trinkets to customize your character to your own liking. Several classes to choose from an allowed to mix classes to change playstyle. It is unique and exciting have recently just purchased this and so far no regrets as I am a fan already. I  enjoy the being able to use guns rather than always swords and shields gameplay that feature seems to me a new way of introducing newer fans of aarpg to this awesome game. However at this moment there is no voice overs for quest' I am not a fan of reading though find myself trapt enjoying the phrases of quest added to a number of listful things that are added very quickly to do's. ( The developers have done a wonderful job on this game and to not be fully completed i was a skeptic, an concerned sbout my purchase though now that i am a proud owner of this unique masterpiece my mind is at ease that i did the right thing by purchasing this title....I look forward to completion and any newer content as already hooked at this an cannot set it down....Give this game a run and you will be thankful as you spent your money wisely....................Like i said, I was skeptical as not to knowing of what layed beneath the title and cool scenery though so dag on excited that i made the plunge into the unkown and found this master piece.  10 of 10"
76561197995265530,Recommended,219990,22246746,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Maxious Havok,"So my buddy and I were chatting, casually discussing new games we had tried or thought were interesting.No big deal.Then he just drops it ""hey man, you should check out Grim Dawn, I think you might like it. Seems cool,""I look it up.... whats this? A post apocolyptic, lovecraftian game that looks like diablo 2's wet dream?Sure, Tully, it ""Seems Cool, and its only 25 dollars."" Click Click. Downloaded fast.Oh hey look at that, the skill trees are all fun.Oh hey you can mix classes?Oh what? Crafting?Wow, this dungeon is a lot bigger than I thought, and there are rare monsters dropping loot everywhere, I must be getting to the end of the act. Oh...uh..no, that was just a cave.Holy hell the map just keeps....going.YOU CAN ROTATE THE WHOLE SCREEN HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS SOONER?!Wait...Wait...why is the sun coming up? Ugh why do my eyes hurt, what the hell man where are my shoes? WHAT YEAR IS IT?!Next time my ""Buddy"" tells me a game looks cool, im just gonna ask him to cut the BS and offer me something less addicting, like meth."
,Recommended,219990,21584284,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Setcky_WHy,Exelent RPG experience. Got me really hooked. Brings the good old days of D2 experience. Really like the handcrafted huge world. It's a lot fun to explore. All in all great game if you are into this kind of genre.
76561198089816509,Recommended,219990,21556379,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,katlyn.gallivan,"First I like to say this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome way better then what I was expecting.Now thats out of the way this game to me is a great mixture of titan quest and diablo which is why I now know why people say its the diablo 3 we never got,I love how they took the best parts of both games and brought them into this one with the skill system of titan quest and the dark theme of diablo, the loot/drop system in this game is the best I've seen in any arpg's Ive ever played,Out of the four hours Ive played so far the game runs really smooth I havent had any problems with the game as other reviewers have mentioned.Now in my personal opinion I wish the mobs were bigger and there were more mob bosses maybe just cause im still  at the beginning of the game I havent seen much yet but I hope you guys can make it like diablo in that sense with future content and the other thing is i wish there was justs bows and crossbows cause i hate guns in this style of games but again this is just my personal opinion.Overall this game is fantastic and well worth the money I paid to play it,Great job guys I hope theres more content you'll be adding to the game in the near future till then I think Im going to be playing this for awhile.9.5/10"
76561197973957339,Recommended,219990,21436171,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Nasents,"If you like D3 and/or Path of Exile, it's worth a play."
76561198043288804,Recommended,219990,25961670,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DropBears,"Did Diablo 3 took your lunch money and stomped on your childhood memories?Look no further. This ARPG is the best I had played since old school Diablo 2. No Hello Kitty Island Adventures graphics (Diablo 3/Torchlight) but with a darker and serious yet unique gore art direction. I can't deal with cartoonish graphic that Blizzard seems to go for.Moreover you can customise your character build as much as you want and not limited to Blizzards skill system that a 1year can design. The dual class as well as old school of skill and stat points are found in Grim Dawn. They further expand the customisation with Devotion points which you have to unlock and you can level the devotion skills and assign them to your minions or skill too!Did I just mention minions? The minions in Grim Dawn are actually useful unlike Diablo 3's minion which seems to serve aesthetic purposes only since they just tear like paper.Crafting system is quite simple yet purposeful (you can use your materials for crafting or imbued it into your gear) and I love that they gave you a lot of inventory space to hoard your loots. Character progression never seem to miss the mark. Even if you finish 'Normal' difficulty, there are other devotion skill points to be unlock on other difficulty modes. The amount of tender loving effects put into the game is amazing, I might have epilepsy with all the things going on sometime during a big fight.Most ARPG seems to have the bread but missing the nutella topping, Grim Dawn delivers both. Definitely a well made game and you should give it a try."
,Recommended,219990,13351003,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Arch Demon,I like this game allot so much to do and so many different things you can do when it comes to the classes and skill and everythingjust wanted to update this I wrote this in 2014 and now its 2017 and I can say that even today Grim dawn is still one of my top 10 games I have played.this game is really recomended if you like diablo ish style games
,Recommended,219990,18630930,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,ladysharny,This game is a true gem!
,Recommended,219990,9441550,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Raty_,"As a big player of Diablo 3 (+2000h), I was looking for something new to wait Reaper of Souls.First impression :- The artwork of the game is very nice, it's a dark environnement and it's very well done.- The gameplay is enjoyable, it's dynamic even during the first levels.- The skill tree / point attribution systems are interresting, you have to think how your character will evolve before spending them (you can undo your choices with a npc but it will cost you some money)- The difficulty is alright, it's not that hard but still, don't forget to upgrade your gear / skills.About the complexity of the game mechanics, it's developed but easy to understand. My native language is French and I have learned the basics very quickly so don't worry about that.I haven't found something wrong with this game yet, It's just perfect. I can't wait for the other updates."
76561197996959077,Recommended,219990,17360619,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Gauntghost,"This game is not Diablo, this game is fun."
,Recommended,219990,13556395,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ＤａＮｙａｎ,"-scoreplayability90/100story55/100ost-did not listen-sfx90/100replayability70/100overall fun80/100The current build only covers two complete acts. Even so, the maps are huge, feels like an open world, to complete them, it cost me at least 8 hours per act.The sound fx is very nice, some mobs have some creepy nasty insect sounds.The fun comes from testing builds, Occultist feels a bit like Witch Doctor from Diablo 3. My main character is Warlock (Occultist + Arcanist) and I feel like playing a WD + Wiz hybrid!I've been playing in veteran difficulty and I've felt farming is somewhat optional, you can only keep scavenging green/blue items but ""silver"" won't drop much.A small color equivalence of items rarity for Diablo3 playersitem in diablo3color in diablo3color in grim dawnnormalwhitewhiterareyellowyellowmagicblue-none-legendaryorangegreensetgreenblue** thanks lakylog for noticing the rare/magic colors mistake"
,Recommended,219990,24754944,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ubergusterfan,"Every time I play this game, I left amazed by its sheer vastness.  It is just SO big.  Most of the areas are huge, winding labrynths filled with stuff to kill.  The loot is great, the combat is great, the skills are great.  It is everything you want in an ARPG.  This ranks up with Path of Exile as the two best ARPGS of recent times.  It took everything that was great about Titan Quest and made it better, darker, and larger.  The dual classing is just as amazing as TQ, and the game is more fun and robust.There are a couple things I don't like.  The UI is dated.  It looks exactly like the UI from Titan Quest, which is something like a decade old.  It's time for an update, even if it's just cosmetic.  That being said, everything is functional and works.  The Auto Sort and Auto Combine features are a huge lifesaver.    The other thing I don't like is the game occasionally crashes, for me it is mostly on startup or shut down, but sometimes when Alt+Tabbing as well.  Fix those things and this game would be nigh on perfect."
,Recommended,219990,20101301,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,HawkStone,"tl;dr Bla, bla, bla, etc. etc.  This is a solid ARPG that is fun to play.ForwardAs a Diablo-alike Grim Dawn (Grim Dark) plays like you might expect.  GD has a bit more polish and content than many games from independent developers.   This game is definetly worth it at full price, and it is a steal when on sale.PROS(+)Lots of cool skills, items, zones, critters, and(+) Theory crafting.(+)  More pros than cons.CONS(-) Many zones are linear and can be hard to find your way in(-)  There are too few fast travel points, which can lead to having to retracing your steps (especially if you die).Not that I ever die because I am uber/wink(-)  There is a respec option, but it is only a partial respecFair warning, I haven't had a chance to try to coop yet.  Hopefully I will get a few of my friends to buy it to try it with me soon.Friends?  I think I saw a TV show about this a few years ago"
76561198072604105,Recommended,219990,21547115,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Beast Mastese,"If you're an ARPG Fan, you'll love this Grim Dawn...If you're not an ARPG Fan, Grim Dawn might make you one. The long and short of this is, it is exactly what you've already been reading, a very well-crafted and enjoyable game.Grim Dawn's Class systems provide the kind of depth and diversity required to dispel the anti-choice deception which plague the majority of RPGs available to us. The option to engage in multi-classing between the 6 available classes adds a secondary dimension, while a devotion system on top of that adds yet a third layer to core possibilities and endgame outcomes.While you will still end up seeing ""optimal build"" templates offered up down the road, rest assured that these will only be pathways for the unimaginative or lazy. Grim Dawn truly frees us from the bonds and anxiety that sometimes cause us to have to choose between what we want, and what we feel we have to do in order to create viable end-game builds.But what is an ARPG without loot? This is truly the crack from which ARPG fans smoke. Grim Dawn has this covered and you'll find it ultimately as fulfilling as you would expect. We are presented with stockpiles of standard ARPG loot fare (""common"", ""magic"", ""legendary"", ""epic"", etc.).While not unique, we can further customize this gear with augmentations along the way. Loot is truly the fourth dimension upon which our characters are built and, in compliment to the class and devotions systems, provide us with now exponential possibilities to reach our own personal end-game. Unlike games like Diablo 3, loot truly becomes the icing on the cake, and not the whole cake itself.Lastly, I read somewhere that what Crate did with combat was to simply ""make it satisfying"". While I can't quite put my finger on exactly how they do this, I can tell you that it's exactly that. The combat is not a burden and does not detract from the overall experience. It's extremely fluid and, given the number of ways in which you will dispatch hordes of foes, you'll start to question your own true control over bloodlust.At the end of the day, Grim Dawn is that once-a-year gem that leaves you asking why the hell you didn't hear the hype train rumbling down the tracks before this. Especially given the value price attached, Grim Dawn is refreshingly awesome. It's an experience you shouldn't deny yourself."
,Recommended,219990,26130922,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,DouxIsDead,"This game is a great example of what Diablo 3 should of been, Grim Dawn is Top-down Isometric ARPG set in a dark apocalyptic world filled with deadly monsters. Although, repetive enviroments does set back the Atmosphere by a lot. The world might be large, but you may see smiliar enviroments throughout the first playthrough of the game.It has a dual class system which let's you have dozens of combinations fitting your play style, hundreds of items that are unique in their own way, and great CO-OP where loot isn't shared. *Something that every ARPG needs*+ProsGreat Class SystemMany unique itemsLove the setting of the gameVoice ActingHundreds of Quests18-30 hours of play timeFrequently updatedGreat Developers- ConsRepetive EnviromentsSlow start to the game (Can get boring for people who are new to ARPGS)Story isn't enforced, and you quickly lose track of what's going onNot many difficulty optionsAside from that the game is fantasic, and should be played by everyone."
76561198006934852,Recommended,219990,32164939,Posted: 3 June,all,-- ExotixisT -- (eks-ot'i-sist),"An overall excellent ARPG along the lines ofVan Helsing: story, visuals, music, combat, loot, coop.The only real negative (aside from minor bugs) was having to play through on lower difficulties to unlock those higher. While not unusual for the genre, I'm not a fan of repeating RPG content.- Skinny from the Fat B*stard(curator link)"
,Recommended,219990,21504801,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Samsara,rocksolid
76561197962499644,Recommended,219990,21502080,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,DrKrunkenstein,"Stay a while and listen.Because you can't anymore where we should have been able to. Remember the good old days of ARPGs? Well so does Grim Dawn. If you like Diablo, Diablo 2, and Titan Quest, then you want Grim Dawn. It's the classic ARPG formula expanded on and upgraded.Visually the game looks ten years old. So far that's just fine because it's mechanically pristine. Play it. Give these developers your money."
76561197977513885,Recommended,219990,21572360,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Al,I seldom do a review but this game screams for one.  This is a real treasure for Torchlight 2 and Diablo 3 fans. Considering the price it is a steal. If you like RPG this one fires on all cylinders. I am having a blast and can't stop trying out new characters. I am running graphics on High to Very High on my 780TI and all is smooth. Game is beautiful.Be aware I had a difficult time getting the game to initially start up {Windows 10}.  If you get a black box run the repair.exe in: C:\Program Files {X86}\Steam\Steam Aps\ and open the GRIM folder. Worked fine after clicking the repair icon.
76561198030693229,Recommended,219990,21540046,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,chadandbrandyjohnson,"This game simply puts Diablo 3 to shame.  Multiclass.  No permanent internet connection.  Beautiful graphics.  Plenty of enemies exploding in chunks.  It's fun and just the right amount of challenging.  Plus, they made respec CHEAP so you really can't go too far wrong in making your character without being able to easily fix it.  The Steam controller works like a charm on this game as well.  If you have any interest at all in ARPG's, grab this title now.  $25 is a bargain."
76561198080234755,Recommended,219990,30951807,Posted: 4 April,all,Da1stRuletez,Hello to people there.I had really long time to play an rpg and like it sooooo much.I am and rpg fan and i really play lots of rpgs good and bad.This onei saw it once byluck in a video and then i decide to see what ppl say in comments here in steam.most of em ofc are positive and i got the same opinion.i play it lots of hours every dayand i didnt get bored even once.Really very good nice game and hope the company soonadd and expansion or more dlcs.
76561197970411330,Recommended,219990,22321623,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,FreeBander,Excellent...Awesome...Fun...Don't Miss this One.
76561198011318211,Recommended,219990,21531961,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Toiletplayerx,The Game Diablo3 should have been
76561197994401667,Recommended,219990,21540796,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Krom,"Grim Dawn is made by the same people who did the Titan Quest series, so if you liked those you'll enjoy this for sure.  As someone who has thousands of hours under my belt playing ARPGs going all the way back to the original Diablo, I feel like this game strikes a nice balance in terms of complexity between Diablo 3 (modest) and Path of Exile (very high).  Between the 6 classes, the possibility to Dual Class, unique gear, and Devotion system there is a lot of depth and build diversity here to keep you busy for 100+ hours.  If there are any useless skills in this game, I haven't found them yet.  Everything is viable.  My current favorite is a Druid build where I run around with a rifle that shoots lightning everywhere, I call it the Boomstick build in tribute to Ash from Evil Dead."
76561197988630641,Recommended,219990,21540256,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ChuxShadow,Great ARPG!!! Feels and plays like the classic Diablo II
,Recommended,219990,21454299,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Zaheer,Best game ever.
,Recommended,219990,20353820,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Yokfu,One of the better ARPG's out there at the moment. Great class building loads of item to support about just any build. Quests that are actually part of the game world not you standard unimaginary kill moar boar types of quests. They matter and allow you to set the pace of the game.Older engine which is no problem and still has very good graphics. They really set the atmosphere for the game. And it runs very smooth on my rig. I had the occasional crash but nothing serious and almost all software does so now and again.It still has to be released from what i gathered they are polishing the game for release which is great :)The only bad thing i lost my shared stash once. I believe this is more due to steam cloud than the game so it might be smart to turn that off as i heard more people with the same issue.So if you like ARPG's why is this not in your library yet?
,Recommended,219990,21496952,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,@xaker89,Best ARPG so far! 8/10
,Recommended,219990,20471759,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Valygar,"Awesome game, much better than Diablo IIIThis company did a much better work, because they cared about the most important thing : gameplay.Blizzard, learn to paint"
76561198014546506,Recommended,219990,20462160,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Joachim von Cockensocket,"It's Titan Quest, but it's now set in a semi-Victorian-era territory, with the overall feel being somewhere between Salem and Innsmouth. A good old-fashioned hack-n-slash/shoot-n-loot.A realm of chaotic energy forced its way into the material world and did an apocalypse, and a hell-cult took advantage of the mayhem to gain a ton of power for itself and is now summoning demons to harvest more blood to summon more demons. Fun times for a recently-possessed rando like yourself to find themselves in, 'specially with a noose around their neck.If you have an extra $25 to spend and have a fondness for isometric♥♥♥♥♥♥wrecking, jump on it. If you have less than that, go hit up a friend for some extra dosh or something, I dunno.[EDIT]Removed the bit about Early Access because IT CAME OUTIT CAME OUT, MANFEATURE COMPLETE, 100% FINISHEDIT CAN HAPPENIT CAN HAPPEN, MANEARLY ACCESS GAMES CAN FINISH"
,Recommended,219990,21452374,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Stels,The trailers and pictures don't do the game justice. It is way more than what is shown.
,Recommended,219990,13675074,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kosch,"Super polished game cant belive how awesome this is for an early access. This is what Diablo 3 should have been. The game is slick, smooth and multi player is great. Buy this game now and support the dev!"
,Recommended,219990,14865690,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,scottybomb,"Grim Dawn takes the lessons learnt in Titan Quest, slaps them into a grimdark world on the verge of coming to an end, and sets you loose. It's a fun Diablo style hack-and-slash action RPG with a pretty deep class system and lots of interesting loot to discover, a lot of fun enemies to overcome, and a detailed world to explore. Pretty polished for an Early Access game, and worth checking out if you enjoy games like ""Diablo,"" ""Torchlight,"" or ""Titan Quest."""
76561198023372815,Recommended,219990,13576116,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,philcassell,Video card issue.  Go to link below.   Will give a review once I get in to the game :)Update:reinstalled and found this -http://www.grimdawn.com/forums/showthread.php?p=131106#post131106Now it is maxed out where it is suppose to be!Time to have fun!Peace
76561198075190086,Recommended,219990,13739668,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,escape2?,"I, too, was a HUGE fan of Titan Quest/Immortal Throne.  The one difference between Grim Dawn and Titan Quest that I'm not happy with is level of zoom in Grim Dawn.  If I remember correctly, you could zoom in a lot closer in Titan Quest.  On the plus side, I love the ability to rotate the camera.  While no game is ever perfect, I'm very happy with this game, and I'm looking forward to more content when the game is finished, as well as future expansions."
76561198047210937,Recommended,219990,13811868,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Shythead,great game has aways to come but i am excited for what is to come.
76561198024050400,Recommended,219990,13817549,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,iHugTrees ^_^,"If you like Torchlight or Diablo, you would love this... The atmosphere is darker, and the music is appropriate between the different levels.  Played 20hrs straight without a problem.Lots of well-written diaries to be picked up and read.  Gives bonus XP too!A very rare Action-RPG to keep me hooked with both fighting and atmosphere.  The game has very well thought out game mechanics (I can see from the myriads of character stats, straight-forward yet deep)."
76561198023411433,Recommended,219990,13972266,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Thuron,Just a great deal of fun collecting loot to build your character along with a awesome variety in enemies and tons of mini bosses.
76561198122540780,Recommended,219990,13706382,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Symo420,"Everything you could ask from a overhead 'Hack n Slash' plus a little bit more. Smooth gameplay, a large world to explore, five character classes, quests and tons of loot! The skill trees could be a lot simpler though, as they can be pretty overwhelming at first. A voice actor or two wouldn't hurt either. Once it is polished off, it will be a great game.If you grew up playing Diablo, click the Buy button. You wont regret it."
76561198035990119,Recommended,219990,16802071,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,ARZACH,"Though this game is still in early access at the moment, you already get a huge amount of content for your money.If you like dark fantasy and old school Hack & Slash games like Diablo I and II, Darkstone, Sacred or Dugeon Siege, this is definitely a must have. Furthermore, you get the incredibly flexible skill tree and leveling system from Titan Quest, which make the game even deeper, with, even at its early access stage, huge replayability. In addition to that, there's also an interesting crafting system.The grim atmosphere is well rendered with realistic graphics, which recalls of Diablo II style. This is much more than a promising game, this is already, in my opinion, a great game. Get it now, when it's cheap :D"
,Recommended,219990,16664622,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,GORE,"Grim Dawn has to be one of the most interesting Early Access games I have played.  I'm not a big ARPG fan but I still manage to find this game really enjoyable. The game runs smooth and looks amazing on GTX 960.  The character customization allows you to create a build the best suits your playing style.  The only problem I've got  with Grim Dawn, is that it is a loot game. There is tons of loot to collect  and save for other characters but your limited on the storage space. There is a Storage bank in the main town but I found that I have fill most the the slots or don't have enough money to buy more slots just before I finish chapter 2.  Saving to much gear that would be great for other characters on my next play through.Grim Dawn is a very solid early access game. If it wasn't for the early access tag, I wouldn't have known the difference.  I strongly recommend for anyone to buy."
,Recommended,219990,13680591,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Widerstand,"Now, keep in mind that this little piece of art is still under heavy development and that Early Access Review title is quite important when it comes to judge such projects based on user reviews. Currently, there are some optimization issues that might or might not bug you out and they're obviously are going to be solved over time. But, regardless, they won't keep you having fun with this game.Grim Dawn is an attempt to create an old school RPG in an interesting, industrial world where you wake up to your funeral and thrown into these series of apocalyptic events. - and it does what it claims perfectly with its lovely storytelling, well-designed scenery and lots of details that you'll find yourself paying attention, unintentionally.It features Dual Class System which is a decent way to theorycraft but not as detailed as Path of Exile. Combat System might seem a bit dull at first, but its a Progressive Game and you'll unlock the capabilities of your characters over time. So if you're giving this a try, you should give it a hell of a try to have fun with it. - Very detailed Character and Item Models; Breathtaking, well-produced Soundtrack; Quite variety of foes; Awesome Storytelling and well-placed Lore elements; Carefully designed world that will provide a lot for those who are observant enough.This game is going to be strong title and it has a huge potential of being a cult. - Its Development should take the time they need to finish what they've started. So, don't be impatient about it. Action RPG is a hard category to progress on. - and so far, Crate Entertainment is doing a very good job."
,Recommended,219990,15913167,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,xanaki,"This is one of the best ARPGs at the moment out there. Much more vivid than D3, for me atleast.I whole hearthedly recommed this game :)"
76561198079591539,Recommended,219990,13802510,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Shinzou Wo Sasageyo,"Feels like a sequel to Diablo II,with far more balanced skill, avalaible builds, many quest. Farming item has never been so exciting. Thank you, Grim Dawn.."
76561198028844047,Recommended,219990,13967145,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,sjam101,"If you've ever played diablo and wanted a bit more customization and a bit less of the inventory hassle, this might be the game for you, the ability to automatically join similar component items together instantly if they are in the same bag and auto sort each bag independently is amazing I am playing a witch hunter (find out which 2 classes unlock that sweet combo), I can summon my 2 pets and set my Raven to agressive mode and my Hellhound to defensive mode and dual wield bladed weapons. My character basically works as a catalyst for his allies, thus having pets makes it a whole lot more managable when playing by myself, as taking time to heal and look after their health bars does distract from enemies. The game is amazing, I urge you to find a playstyle you are actually good at because I realize that I am NOT a tank now..."
,Recommended,219990,13837468,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,eumaL,"This game is way more fun than I expected. It is a hack and slash game: simple and fun. The gore is over the top, but otherwise the graphics are satisfying. There are a few really powerful combinations of skills, and some fun ones. In the end, the game is really all about the the loot, though."
76561198019483113,Recommended,219990,14818400,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,TheBlazingMoon,"Excellent ARPG. Plenty of stuff to do, enemies to kill, loot to hoard.The dual-class system allows for an amazing amount of customization. There are 5 classes to choose from (Soldier, Demolitionist, Occultist, Nightblade, and Arcanist). Once you reach level 10 you can choose a second class to compliment your first, or just stick with one. Each class' skill tree has enough abilities that you can't even come close to maxing out everything. Your choice of skills actually matters and will affect how you play.Even just with the same two-class combination ( I have 3 different soldier + occultist = witchblade) there is quite a variety as to how one can choose to play: ranged w/ guns, ranged w/ 2-hand melee weapon (Really? Yep.), dual-wield melee, 1-hand and shield, 2-hand melee.The game can be non-linear - if you want, you can skip most of act 1 and go to act 2 earlier for a challenge. There are lots of hidden areas to find, some with challenging enemies, others with chests containing guaranteed epic loot.All this and more from an Early Access title. One of the best Early Access experiences I've had with any Steam game and it gets better with each new patch.Absolutely worth full price, $25 is half the cost of a certain other 'AAA' ARPG that didnt come close to what fans were hoping for (and it's a steal at the current 50% off sale price!!).  This game will not disappoint."
76561198000562952,Recommended,219990,16450994,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SilentOne,"Even in it's development stages, I can confidently say that I have definitely gotten my money's worth out of this game. Not only is it a spiritual successor to Titan Quest, it is a game that will get you hooked on end with epic content and storyline.PS: If you play the Arcanist class, work your way up to the Aether Ray skill tree and build up high energy regeneration. It's a lot of fun mowing down waves of enemies with a powerful beam that vaporizes everything"
76561198057277460,Recommended,219990,13868529,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,dassao,"A Great Option for ARPG FansLong story short: If you like Action RPGs with a dark atmosphere, then give Grim Dawn a try. I did, and I am enjoying it.If you're like me and you want an ARPG that isn't cartoonish and bright or colorful, your options are pretty much Path of Exile, The Adventures of Van Helsing, and Grim Dawn. Having played the former two first, I can't help but compare Grim Dawn to them, but this is actually in this game's favor.Van Helsing, in my opinion, is plagued both by a poorly made skill tree with few viable builds, limiting replayability, and also by the  fact that the game just feels small; it's short, and the lack of customization in appearance and build limit the time one is willing to invest. PoE goes to the other extreme. The passive tree is so massive and branching that countless viable builds are possible, but the result is that leveling up is a bit tedious, with little sense of progression some times. Grinding for x hours just to get what feels like +1 strength is not always fun. It pays off in the end, but the going is rough.Grim Dawn hits a great middle ground. Though you only get enough skill points to focus on 1-2 skills, with a few one-point wonders if you like, those skills generally have several passives that can totally alter gameplay, and you feel the change as you level them. There are many ways to build each class alone, and you're also given the option to dual class. This gives quite a bit of customization, without being dauntingly complex.The Game looks great, and the sound is executed quite well, particularly with melee attacks. I found myself not quite minding missing my target because of the satisfying metallic sound of a sword slicing air, only matched by the lovely sound of a club smashing flesh. The pacing of the combat is slower than a game like Path of Exile, but the sound of the heavy hits gives more of a sense of stength and impact, so I didn't really mind. The music sounds great, and while I'm probably not going to be whistling any of the tunes any time soon, it does a fair job of keeping me immersed.Probably my only warnings are that the game is not perfectly optimized (yet; this is early access). My computer is able to play PoE, which has better graphics, on middling settings at high fps, but I had to turn down all this games settings to the lowest and lower the resolution or else my character would attack or move a full 1-2 seconds after I click. The game isn't complete yet, but it does seem that the developers are working well on it, so I look forward to what the future holds and can comfortably recommend this game.Atmosphere - 8/10 - Nice and immersive; the Zombie/Demon/Cthulu-pocalypse looks pretty cool.Plot - 6/10 - Pretty good for an ARPG. Quests have a bit of weight to them.Sound - 8/10 - Combat sounds nice and satisfying, and things sound like they should.Music - 7/10  - Keeps my own music off, and fits very well for the atmosphere.Gameplay - 8/10 - Controls are great (toggleable classic targeting is an amazing option more games should adopt).Graphics - Don't rate em, cuz I don't care. See Atmosphere."
76561198045412179,Recommended,219990,13941736,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,zaniix,"If you liked D2 and or Titan Quest you must lay this game.  It is not finished just has the start of Act 3 and level cap is 40, but it is really fun and I have been replaying it over and over trying to find the best combo of class combination and skills.Performance currently can be an issue even for powerful machines because it is CPU dependent and does not use multiple cores right now. The game needs to be optimized and I am sure they will do that before final release, but it runs pretty well on my 4 year old PC.The game is worth the money you will not be disappointed.Give this a try!"
,Recommended,219990,14031948,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Gilles.of.Augustine,"The first game that could make any real claim to being a legitimate successor to Diablo 2 (this was before Torchlight, Diablo 3, and Path of Exile) was Titan Quest.Grim Dawn keeps alive the design philosophy of Titan Quest, but with gameplay and ease-of-use improvements all across the board. It's the best ARPG since Diablo 2, hands down. I finished Act 1 in Early Access and it was so good that I had to promise myself I'd wait until the full release to play any more. Otherwise I would've played through the Early Access areas so often I'd become entirely burnt out on them before the game actually came out.This game is what Diablo 3 SHOULD have been."
76561197970410136,Recommended,219990,14048079,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,seraphimkai,"Basically, do you like dungeon crawlers aka Action RPGs? Do you play games like Diablo 1,2 and 3, what about Torch Light 1 and 2, did you like that? Maybe you were even luckly enough to play the lovely Titan Quest? Ah Titan Quest. I loved that game, and still do. Grim Dawn, is basically everything that made Titan Quest fun, but with a grim dark story of humanities last desperate struggle. I don't want to say it is a reskin of Titan Quest, because that is unfair on Grim Dawn. Like I said if you like ARPGs then you'll ""probably"" like Grim Dawn. As for me, I love a good bit of ARPG, more stuff exploding from AOE's the better. *Thumbs up*"
,Recommended,219990,13995298,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,edge2000,"This game is actually quite fun, I must say I was pleasantly surprised. Even though this is an early access review, I can say this game already has it together.It has an amazing skill tree/multiclass system that I absolutely adore! It's ""Hardcore"" enough as to not put off those kinds of players (i.e min/maxers,etc.) but it can also be played quite casually. If you have played other dungeon crawlers/hack and slash rpgs you will feel right at home here. While the game is terrific, it's not without it's short comings, such as sometimes your fps will drop, I have had a couple crashes (literally only 2), pushing your skill buttons on the keyboard can sometimes feel a tad unresponsive, just minor polish and optimization stuff. Overall the game is quite nice and with the recent addition of multiplayer the game just got that much better. This is definitely one to keep your eye on!Also, be sure to check outswhipgaming.blogspot.comfor more game rundowns!"
76561197992983984,Recommended,219990,14222709,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,MAD DOG,amazing to my eyes! great game !can t wait for the rest! love the music 10/10. diablo can die now in peace!
76561197979940774,Recommended,219990,13850807,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,MaW,"Fantastic game! Just like Titan quest 10/10For all you titan quest lovers, THIS is the game for you!"
76561198005576427,Recommended,219990,14857959,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,drakenrahl,"Grim Dawn is pretty much a Diablo-style game. It' still a work in progress at the time of this review, but if what I've seen so far is any indication then the final product should be enjoyable and well worth the time and money you invest in it.  The ability to mulitclass is a welcome imporovement over other games of this genre and it bring a lot more depth to character development as you level up.If you like Diablo or Torchilight, you will like Grim Dawn."
76561198057059592,Recommended,219990,16771050,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,侍Warmaster,Best Arpg :)
,Recommended,219990,12233801,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Ryan,"Grimdawn is a amazing game, similair to titan quest, but... GUNS AND ZOMBIES!And of course steampunk themed game.So far i've enjoyed every hour playing this game.Fine loot, and more!So if you like the world in demonic-like chaos, zombies weapons and more.You should defenitly buy this game."
,Recommended,219990,14963797,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ArmstrongDicksmasher,"So far the most entertaining and engaging of the diablo-clones, could use a couple pointers from path of exiles combat system but otherwise really very nice.Classes are well crafted, lots of customisation, multiple skill trees, for your class, for your horoscopes of all things, for your specs, its nuts. You can boost yourself up quickly if you are lazy and join multiplayer groups, everyone has surplus gear of classes they dont use, i've gotten heaps of gear from such people, your single player characters can be multiplayer if you want, its easy to switch back and forth.I like how they have a simple respec system, content is great, i can micromanage stats and skills to my hearts desire and i can feel the difference, its the ARPG to buy folks, my favourite out of TL2, D3 and PoE!My only small issue is with online people bugging out the game when they join or just the occasional crash, but its no big deal, it's possibly related to my meager internet connection.Definetly worth a buy, especially considering this is the devs first game and the more successful it is the better they can make sequels and the like, Crate is a very promising dev team, and a surprisingly small team too!And even more amazingly, they are STILL making more content for the game, in my book they beat all other contenders a long time ago, and they are still making more for us! sure its mostly paid, but at this point i dont care, all their content is varied and worth playing."
,Recommended,219990,15196471,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,[MoC]Drakkyn,Great game thus far in early release.  My first playthrough was bug free and enjoyable.  Can't wait to see the rest of the content.
,Recommended,219990,13938703,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,MightyFlameboy,"I procrastinated for a long time buying this game since I hadn't bought an Early Access game before. Also, I was worried that I couldn't adapt to the visual and combat style of Grim Dawn as I had been exclusively playing Diablo 3. Still, I succumbed to temptations of wanting to play an alternative ARPG. Boy, I'm so glad I did because this game is worth every single penny I paid. It takes some time to get used to the dual class system and crafting system, but once you get a hang of things, these two aspects of the game will keep you playing and playing for hours. There are plenty of welcome twists to the usual ARPG mechanics but still stay true to tradition. The game is not yet complete but I've already clocked 20+ hours on 2 characters, and hoping to create another few more before I become burned out on games (lol). It feels awesome to be part of the developmental process for such a promising game. Buy it now! Don't procrastinate like I did!"
76561198018646433,Recommended,219990,14173486,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Chefkush,"This game is in beta and still better than most arpg's out there.  I would say that it is better than most games that are out there, period.  It sits up there with D2 and PoE as being one of the best in the genre.  The dungeons are big.  The loot drops are exciting (although I wish they stuck to the more conventional colour coding...white,green, blue, yellow, purple, gold). The whole yellow being the ""magic"" tier throws me off.  Plenty of named mobs and mini boss types.  Oh yes and right from act 1 you get ""side"" dungeons to go grab loot from, They require special keys and whatnot.  I am overly excited to see this game as a final product but will continue to play through beta.p.s.  Add me if you care to play some mutli-player loot grinds."
76561198026510664,Recommended,219990,13840480,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,UltorDivinus,"You can feel the spirit of Titan Quest floating above this game. In a positive meaning, of course."
76561198000820362,Recommended,219990,13899570,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Bahamuth,10/10 soundtrackvery satisfying gameplaycouldn't stop for several hoursit's titan quest 2 :)would buy again
,Recommended,219990,13967837,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,baidu king,good game with a very slowly update but worth well !!!!!
,Recommended,219990,13874789,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SILENTMOGG,"EDIT: Just wanted to say that playing this game during early-access and then post-release felt like getting a bunch of free DLC. The game felt solid enough during early-access, and now that it's finally been released it is just keeps getting better. It's great to run back through earlier segments of the game with new characters only to find they've changed up the map layout or added in some very nice detail. Also hidden areas. Hidden areas everywhere. LOVE IT.Simply put, this game is brilliant. Nabbed it on sale, but I'd readily pay full price.Still in development and already surpassing other slash-n-loot type games (ie Diablo 3). IThe details are rich, and the loot seems endless. And the classes are pretty fun (even better when you get to mix n match skills). Plus the overall aesthetics are really great. Armor, weapons, creatures, it all looks fantastic.As for gameplay, the hits feel solid, and the spells are pretty sweet. The screen-shaking criticals are a nice touch too.I've only ever had the game actually bug out and crash on me twice, otherwise it's pretty much flawless. Can't wait to see what further improvements are made."
76561197972940535,Recommended,219990,11571707,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Blackthorne,"Is still in development and I will quite happily say to one and all who are into RPGs to get this game. Right now. Yes, get yourselves an unfinished game. You will love it to bits, and if you're a fan of TQ then you're in for a real treat."
76561198025139328,Recommended,219990,13703564,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,id777fei,"Awesome game thus far.  It's been a while since I've played a game that was both challenging and fun.  No more hand-holding for you little tykes, this is an ARPG for people that want to explore giant maps, slaughter hordes of baddies, and build characters from the ground up.  5pick2 character classes means lots of different classes to play as, and with dozens of skills just begging to be synergized across each.  Definitely worth supporting."
,Recommended,219990,13902361,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Kelz,"This game has a lot of potential and can get highly addicted. I like the skill tree, how it works, and the mechanics."
,Recommended,219990,13932400,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Recursion,"Great Action RPG, especially since even being really early its still really good. Not particularly interesting enemywise, but the story is actually pretty good when you look at the remnants of civilization and the scraps of written lore. Plus, the classes are all pretty unique and a good combination of passive and active skills. Not to mention, once you hit level 10 you can choose to spec into another character class, resulting in some hilarious mixes of power. Currently, my favorite is the pyromancer, a mix of the base demolitionist and occultist classes which results in an engineer obsessed with dark pacts, fire, and having a pet raven. I named him Gerald."
,Recommended,219990,13867416,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,hunglyka,"I never go into ""early access games"" with high hopes. But GD has delivered!! A clever cross between PoE and D3. Plenty of content to play with. With more on the way."
76561197969519792,Recommended,219990,13951681,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,The Nozzle,"I ended up playing this all the way to the end of chapater act 3 almost daily, I couldn't seem to put it down.  For anyone that played the Titan's Quest series, you will see some similarities in the combat and general flow of the game.  They did a great job of making an interesting crafting system as well as items that can be attached to gear, unlocking abilities and adding attributes.  I will definitely find myself tinkering around with a lot as the content continues to be released.  The boss fights were challenging but I was also ahead by about 2 or 3 levels at most points in the game so that was a factor.  I would recommend this to anyone that was a fan of the teams original games as well as anyone looking for something like Diablo but with a deeper story line as well as more side content."
,Recommended,219990,35443923,Posted: 3 October,all,nUTcAzE,"One may think that if a person logs a couple of hundred hours in to a game, that person really likes that game. Cant argue with that. It's good."
76561198237100808,Recommended,219990,32682363,Posted: 23 June,all,KingLRZ,"This game is acturally better than what I thought it would be when I decided to purchase it. I thought this game will just be another Diable clone or torch light dublicate, however, it does have some new gene in its bloodline, and did surprised me a lot during the advanture. The story, hmm, well, it's pretty old school, but you know, other than save the world, heros basically have nothing to do. The gameplay is fantastic, dynamic, and just great. The graphic is pretty good in its way, as a darker environment is what they wanted to create.Overall, I would give this game a 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,219990,24945130,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Soldier1stClass,"Very good game in the ""diablo-like"" universe of games, Played both this and Path of Exile and this is far more polished (and less confusing when it comes to builds that massive passive tree sheesh) controls better and has much better animations and effects I highly recommend this"
76561198019932893,Recommended,219990,21492495,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Sonniger Tau,"If you like Diablo 2 LOD  madly  and if you  don`t like Diablo 3 so much that you haven`t even bought and the Path of Exile seems very difficult for you in this case  the Grim Dawn is a good  option.In addition to good graphics and amazing gameplay you can feel  the  growing developer skill in comparison to the previous games of this company.At high difficult levels  this game is sometimes very hardcore and doesn't forgive mistakes.In my opinion  Grim Dawn is not bad arpg hack&slash  from the new games with isometric .In spite of  Grim Dawn does not overshadow  Diablo 2,  it can compete with  Diablo 3. ^^"
76561197995781174,Not Recommended,219990,26713326,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,hedgewitch,"Revised review after approx 590 hours of playMy original review was very favorable (you can read it at the end of this revision) but after putting almost 600 hours into this game, I have a much more mixed and negative feeling about it.First, there are some annoying techinical issues: lots of freezes and  crashes to desktop, incompatibility with various NVidia drivers and anti-virus programs (which cause the executable to be flagged as malware and require manual firewall exclusion) framerate drops in towns and rubber banding in some areas a la the original Titan Quest (which is not surprising as it's the same  ancient engine.)But my real issue with the game after playing it for a prolonged period is more basic--it just stops being fun.Reason one: the Random Number Generator is very very random indeed, and some characters will never see a decent drop after a hundred hours in all difficulties, while others scoop up multiple duplicates of every low level 'Epic' item created. The drop of really good or even temporarily useful items is phenomonally low and requires hours and hours of repetitive play through certain specific areas or from a few select bosses you must fight over and over.Yes, the farming grind is an integral part of all ARPG's, but here it is constant, unforgiving and boring, as well as rigged against the player.Reason two: and the really crucial one, is the attitude of the developers toward 'balancing' builds in the game. They are so hung up on the idea of balancing content for the 3% or so of players who have high level characters and gear that they nerf skills and items to oblivion, impacting every player in the game negatively, out of fears someone will create an ""OP"" build that can 'facetank' their Crucilble challenge content, which most don't even own.Almost all ARPG players create a basic 'farming' character that is designed for power and survivability--forget that here. Any such build that surfaces is instantly nerfed. I scrapped five different builds in as many weeks because of changes to their core skills, which were in no way overpowered for farming or for normal play. Higher level and hardcore players face even more frustration with this.In general I would applaud the concern and continuous involvement the devs show, but in this game, they are gradually reducing every fun aspect to nothing but an unrewarding grind. If every build is as good--or as poor--as every other one, then what's the point of making new builds? If you aren't rewarded with some gear that will help you survive and you are thus forever severely disadvantaged against the adversaries you fight, to the point where you cannot advance despite hours and hours of leveling, what is the point of playing?I have uninstalled the game, and shelved plans for an expansion purchase for these reasons, and can no longer recommend it.Original review after 30 hours of play:Highly recommended for anyone bitten with the hack-n-slash bug--really one of the best iterations of the formula I have played since D2:LOD. From the makers of Titan Quest I would expect nothing less than a first class explorable world and intricate skills system of dual masteries, but the game is far more than a cut and paste arpg that merely reproduces what's been done before. It does draw heavily on what worked well in older games, but it manages to do so while paring down the extraneous elements that so often end in boredom--bugs and grind, in paerticular. There is just enough story and plot and dialogue to involve you in the game world, and not so much that you just want to click through endless bad cinematics or poorly spelled gibberish to get back to slaying and gathering loot. There is a great feeling of nostalgia for me in the often huge and complex, always dark and dangerous maps and dungeons--they really take me back to many games I have loved and sunk vast quantitites of hours in--Arcanum, Diablo, Divine Divinity, Titan Quest of course, even Planescape and the original Fallout. It's all here, but redone in a contemporary and fresh way which leaves games like Torchlight (which I have enjoyed) looking cartoonish and shallow.  All in all, a well-balanced, well-executed and addictive addition to the ARPG genre, destined to become a classic."
76561198162867359,Recommended,219990,19061096,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,christinab9297,best game since diablo 2... Love it lots of fun and never boring I recommend this game to anyone that likes a good hack and slash fun....
76561198044911127,Recommended,219990,20197051,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,AsGoodAsAHacker,"Extremely detailed game mechanics that surpass that of any other game grinder out there. Lots of fun and very engaging. Highly recommended. Best money I have spent on a game since Torchlight 2. Expect a challange as well, this game is probably not for casual play, build planning is required so expect to create a few new characters after your first."
,Recommended,219990,14441969,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Schwifty Swisher,"I played Diablo 3 a lot, leveling up quite a few characters and then I found myself at the end game with RoS. As much as I love Diablo 3, I find myself turning to it like cocaine. As much as I love cocaine, once I start, it ruins my life and I keep doing it until I burn out. As I weened myself off of Diablo 3, I tried other games. Torchlight was a bit too cartoony fo me and Path of Exile didn't quite give me that fix that Diablo 3 did. Then I found Grim Dawn on here and it seems like a great mix of Diablo 2, Diablo 3, Path of Exile and the old-ish Titan Quest. While the game is in early access, it proves to be a competent ARPG so far. I can't wait to see what they do with the game and hopefully they create an intriguing end-game that keeps me interested like RoS did. I got the game on a sale and it is worth every penny so far! The game is now finished and it is excellent. Now time to spend some serious time with it."
76561198036710314,Recommended,219990,28886977,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Verrix,"I've gotta say, really enjoying this game so far. As has been stated, It's basically a combination of Diablo 2 and Torchlight 2. Definately the way Diablo 3 SHOULD'VE gone!Enough variation in the skill trees for replayability, plus multi-class to change it up even more!My only ""complaint"" would be no random generated maps each playthrough..8/10 - would buy again!"
,Recommended,219990,18702969,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Richard Rear,"Definately worth the buy if you love hack and slash dungeon RPG's. Lots of loot to be had and already well polished, can't wait to see what they add in the future patches."
,Recommended,219990,17556829,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Systek,"Feel like Dungeon Siege 1 but better :) (And i love DS1)I hope he translate the game in final version or later. [UPDATE Scroll down]Great Work Crate!So must early Access!Update: B27 Release and! I found Community Translation, great work! So nice game!@Crate Entertainment: You are my new fav. indie game dev. thanks for itUpdate2: Final Release and! Perfect, great community, great work, great DevTeam. Best H&S Game"
76561198165817544,Recommended,219990,34424220,Posted: 22 August,all,FreschKay,A more than worthy sucessor to Titan Quest and in terms of build-depth and world-building by far the best action RPG on the market!High replay value and atmospheric envirorments make this game more than worth it's money.
76561198074448078,Recommended,219990,22520569,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Jokal_Click_Boom,"its like Diablo on steriods. Everything you wished they did in D3, Grim Dawn did and that more. I highly recommend it. 10/10"
76561198156009939,Recommended,219990,21427087,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Dhargon,"Waited with trying out this game after the final release build.Only have about 90 minutes in it right now but my god..This game is epic!The sheer vastness of the skill tree + combining and devotion is amazingThe game just seems big enough and pretty well balanced looking through it all.If you are an ARPG fan, this should be a buy for you!"
,Recommended,219990,21448940,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,unbind life,"5/5 if you like TQ, D2, PoE"
76561198042102876,Recommended,219990,21468065,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Whiskeyjoel,"Even when it was still in early releasem, this game was amazing, and you could see the vast potential it had. As time has passed, that potential has only grown, and the game has become progressively better and better with each update. Now that the game is ""content complete"" and officially out of early release, I'm almost sad in way that there will be no further work done on it. However, I've been following the developer closely, so I know I can look forward to mod support, and most likely a sequel down the road. Both prospects make me as giddy as a virgin schoolgirl on prom night."
,Recommended,219990,20310435,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gilbeast,"First I will start off with a disclaimer. I am a huge fan of the isometric dungeon crawler genre, but I know it is not everyone's cup of tea. Also this is my first review ever.With that being said this game in my opinion is hands down the best ARPG released since D2 LOD. If you are a fan of titan quest you will feel at home with how the core game feels as the same engine is used. The story is dark and gritty with an alternate world that has recently expierenced an apocalpyse of sorts. Needless to say there are plently of monsters that need slaying.Pros:+Excelent skill trees with meaningful passives. ( I miss passives that actually change your build, and I am happy to see the return to form, very similar to D2)+Items are meaningful, uniques and legendaries feel just that unique and legendary. This is one of the most important factors in the genre, and I feel comfortable in saying this game has the best item attributes around.The items in the game can dramatically change your build. Like D2 One of the great features of this is granted skills from items (another feature missing in many of todays arpgs)+Plenty to do after and during the story. While many arpgs simply have you killing monsters in the hopes of getting loot, this game adds a couple of new layers to the loot grind. The first is a reputation system, that allows you to buy specialty items and recipees. Which brings up another neat feature which is crafting. Crafting in this game is actually very useful and can help create unique builds, especially through relics (items that you can equip in a relic slot granting specific bonuses and a new skill). There is also a roguelike dungeon in the game that if beaten grants a reward of treasure chests galore. There is plenty more I have not mentioned like the Nemisis system, and devotion shrines.+Both offline and onlineCons:-Graphically speaking it does not push the boundaries, but that is to be expected in the genre.-Combat while not bad, is typical of arpg's. Nothing boundary pushing here. Basically the combat is near identical to titan quest which is no surprise. Still the combat is on par with any other arpg out, and the build possiblites pretty much gurantee a style for you. I only put this in the cons because some people may not be a fan of the basic combat style of arpgs.-Some people may be turned off by the large number of passives in the skill trees (I myself love passives)- There is no serverside online. Meaning the characters are saved to your computer allowing others online to modify/cheat their character. (This can be mitigated by playing with friends, but it would be nice to have anti cheating measures)Overall:This game is a must for arpg fans especially those that enjoyed titan quest and d2 lod. While the combat may not be as smooth as d3 or the trade community as active as PoE, I beleive that it more than makes up for it in the sheer number of awesome items (once again one of the most important parts of an arpg) and the many builds you can make. With devotion shrines to be found or reputation to be gained, there is plenty to do, and you will not have to worry about only grinding the same area over and over. If you are a fan of the genre this game is for you, if not then you will most likely not enjoy the game. This is a game that caters very much to people like me, that is to say the developers bring back the feel from the late 90's early 2000's that I loved so much."
,Recommended,219990,21674096,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,「§NG」| Crismo - [Nick],"10/10 - Would Diablo 2 and Nox again anyday.I bought this game on March 10th, 2014 while it was in early access, I saw it, I loved it, and I bought it based on what I saw. I only played it once for about 30 minutes after I bought it until just last night I decided to pick it back up since I saw it had just recently came out of early access as an actual full release game (celebration for an early access game that made it!) and decided to play for a little bit. Well what do you know, a little bit turned into nine hours straight, and I've got to say this game is damn good. The content is amazing, the quests, the skills, skilltrees, classes, combat, items, graphics, everything is just awesome, and the game is massive. The price-point here is excellent, only $25, that's a steal.Love this game so far."
,Recommended,219990,20015464,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mal'Zael,"♥♥♥♥♥. Too much loot, too much, It's a Litt... *dead*This is the RPG game that I've been waiting for since Reaper of Souls, I'm not a story guy but my concern with any video game is the gameplay. I can say that Sonic Boom story is good except that it's unplayable so it sucks (That type of things).I wasn't that impressed on the first view or on the last patch but I was lucky enough to buy it weeks before the final patch kicks in, then♥♥♥♥♥♥just got real. I'm glad they patch most of the issues I'm having in the game so bless them, I have a few things that need to itch is that sometime that I got stuck in halls of enemy because the mob block the main target and didn't charge based on the nearest mob on the cursor so If they read this (Please please read this) I want my charge to be 100% hit, but if not it would cancel the spell so I won't get frustrated when die thanks to the cooldown.but here it is, Thanks for making the game and I really love it.I have to add this to the Dev:The lobby is a little weird, I had like 3 minutes problem that my friend confused how do we look at the lobby. It turns out he had to press play to view the lobby. weird but I wish there's an instruction."
,Recommended,219990,31319688,Posted: 23 April,all,Really Humble Guy,"This game is what I wanted Diablo 3 to be. The depth of the skill builds you can do it fantastic. The enemies were unique and challenging. The loot was actually fun to receive and play with. There was a good feeling of progression as you went through the game. Only downside is that the story didn't get really resolved by the end of the game. It seemed to just kind of end after one big fight (albeit this fight came long after a lot of other content). Obviously setting up for DLC or a sequel. If you want a good hack and slash ARPG, Grim Dawn will not fail to disappoint."
,Recommended,219990,13512947,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Chad Thundercock,"Massively enjoyable, for an early access game can safely say it plays exceedingly well, has a coherent plot and a solid future. Get it while it's hot."
,Recommended,219990,14926655,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,GrOVER??,Fabulous.Yes.More like this.Just like this.
,Recommended,219990,11434514,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,chopper [FD],"Very polished for early access. The gameplay doesn't get boring, it just keep improving as you open up skills. Finding good items and creating build variety is not a problem. A solid ARPG."
76561198027555591,Recommended,219990,13515565,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Nozgos,"Grim Dawn is refreshing and unique while still maintaining familiar user interface and combat skills/mechanics from Titan Quest. I enjoy the dark and gothic atmosphere and would even describe much of the game's overall presence as ""Lovecraftian"". I am definately hooked and looking forward to playing this."
76561198077176812,Recommended,219990,15012214,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,The 420th Gunslinger,Grim Dawn is an excellent game! I highly recommend it! Well Worth the money ! It's Diablo 2 on crack!!!ANy Fan of Diablo 1 and or 2 especially if you were a fan of diablo 2 expansion then this is a MUST HAVE ABSOLUTE MUST HAVE!!! The creator of this game is amazing and he/she should have designed diablo 3 because as we all know that game was sub par.
76561198071372435,Recommended,219990,13931491,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,elkingtondavid66,"Nice game , it is in my opinion a Fallout , meets Diablo style game  very addicting . hope to see some DLC in future"
,Recommended,219990,13516716,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Hbliss,"I'm sure a lot of folks like me binged hours into Diablo II and have awaited the next action RPG to yield an equally addictive and entertaining experience.  This is totally that game, more than any other since.  I didn't care for Diablo III and didn't spend much time there.  Torchlight II was fun, but lacked the darker aesthetic.I've just purchased Grim Dawn today and couldn't be happier.  I love the Titan Quest style, especially the dual classing which really makes character building more interesting and worthwhile.  Seriously, if you've been searching for the hack and slash that has D2's addiction factor but with more freedom and character depth, don't hesitate."
76561198030895844,Recommended,219990,13563319,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,straydd36,Absolutely Fantastic.....Im not going to say this is better then all the other ARPGs....It is. If you were about D2s immersion and overall atmosphere you do yourself a huge diservice by not paying 20 bucks for this masterpiece. Right now it is 16 bucks buy this help these guys out I promise you. This game is not even complete you would never know it. Huge world intersting characters.I have around 20 years exp with this genre and I'm a huge CRATE fan.I love Diablo 3 but its all about show and cookie cutter lots of multiplayer love. It has vastly improved 10 fold...But this feels more like the spiritual child of D2. It is a whole lot like TQ as well. Man o man if i didnt get one thing for Xmas but this id walk away very happy.Just some detailed info I had to dig around for....character models look nice not quite as good as D3 but you're armor changes appearance you can be a male or female. UI is very nice and minimalist. Act 3 is getting close to completion.You can check GDs web site they have 3 packages for purchase. 20 bucks gets you a hell of alot. Im excited for the future and potential this game has give it a shot you wont regret it. Yes its far better then PoE sorry guys. It just flows better looks better skill tree isnt this over inflated wheel of hp and mp increases (lol). BEST feature yet...IT works offline....OMGodders!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Graphics 9Sound     10loot         9skills        8quests     9addiction level 10Overall quality  10 (game is not even finished)Great job guys keep up the hard work !!!!!UPDATED REVIEW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UPDATED REVIEW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Over a year later Grim Dawn is content complete. I will say once again If you want the best ARPG ever made purchase Grim Dawn .Better than Diablo 3 Yes it is. Keep in mind it is a bit different than Diablo 3. Better than Path of exile!00 times better....I don't even know why POE is considered 2nd best its not even close to Grim Dawn. POE is generic plain and simple and it is a typical F2p game but I won't taint this awesome game with talks of junk. You will probally be pressed to find enough time to give this Gem its due.The world is meticulously crafted everything placed has a reason...There are intersting quest there are factions for rewards and in depth crafting system a huge seamless map. The loot is awesome and the new cap is lvl 85. Theres also Devotion system and a whole lot of ways to customize your class. Graphically the game is gorgeous there is a huge amount of polish already and even though GD is content complete they still have a build 30 coming to add more balance and fix bugs which in the 70 hours ive never seen. So final release of game drops in February. THE game is on sale for 15 bucks...is it worth it LOL. Its worth full price and then some I would of payed 100 bucks for it if thats what they asked...It is that good and CRATE entertainment is purely awesome.Combat is Visceral and every hit is spot on. Where Diablo 3 is very good with combat Grim Dawn is not as flashy with skills but make no mistake the combat and effect suit this game style perfectly.Its kind of nice seeing your enemies rather then them being lost in a hail of multishot and meteors HAHAHA. Dont think take debit card remove from wallet or purse buy this game it is one of the best games ever made period
,Recommended,219990,12959529,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,VanDamn,"Great game from the creators of Titan Quest and Immortal Throne. Still in early access, still lacks some polish compared to Titan Quest, but very promising.UpdateThe game has come a long way since I first played it. For everyone who likes the survival/post-apocalyptic arpg-genre or was a TQ:IT addict like me:I seriously recommend buying this game."
76561197998139498,Recommended,219990,13821071,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,alsafysh,"'m not sure how to feel about Grim Dawn.It's still in Alpha/Beta/whateva but I've put 20 something hours of 99% non buggy gameplay in. It's not complete, but from what I've read there will only be 3 acts. and I've finished up to act 3 chapter 1 very quickly.Unfortunately, there is so little story delvelopment and change to atmosphere/landscape setting for the first two acts that I did not even know I'd finished them. So for 20 something hours I've felt like I did nothing and went nowhere except advance a character from 1-35. Maybe that is intentional. It is the apocalypse after all and there's nothing to save except a few stragglers of humanity. Maybe I just don't care about the characters AT ALL. There are factions in the game but no clear way to use them. Honestly, I would LOVE to do a play through where you don't help prison town, but they seem to be the gatekeepers of the storyline.STORY 1/5Speaking of the setting. I do love it. It's a wonderful post apocalyptic nowhere WITH magic and demons. Really can't go wrong there. I could do without the high contrast everything trying to impose a sense of grime and rather have it implemented well, but it is still interesting visually. I think it's just a sign of the times with all these false HD mods using super sharp textures with higher contrast and calling it HD instead of actually making it at 2 or 4x at high resolutions. It's a personal preference for art direction so I would never stop playing for that.SETTING: greatClasses are interesting and fun to experiment with. Titan Quest is my all time favorite ARPG with the dual class system and 9 masteries the replayablility was endless. Grim Dawn is not it's equal, but in this instance it's not disappointing either. This time around we only get 5 thus far, but you can also dual class. Although I'm not sure how useful it will be considering you spend so many points just trying to go down one tree you barely have enough left to secondary. (at lvl 40) When and if lvl cap increases this may add more replayability. BE WARNED there is no buy back on mastery points, only skill points. Don't lock yourself into mastery points you don't intend to use to buy skills at this stage of development.I was constantly hitting spots where monsters were 5-8lvls higher then me, so some tweaking should be done there. Some of the monsters are so f'ing overpowered towards the end, even as your character is the same level they are 1 hit kills. Playing a war of who can run to their grave, hit the monster a couple of time while running away, accidentally hitting the wrong thing then insta dying is not fun, and it's just not acceptable on normal mode where resistance gear is hard to come by. Monsters should be a challenge, but making their str 999999 is not the way to do it.Gameplay (assuming balancing will be done before release:) THUMBS UPAll around I'd wait till release unless you want to support CRATE which is why I got it. I'm sure it will be worth the price eventually."
,Recommended,219990,17131608,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,MasterTricks,So far so good! Im extremely impressed by this early access. I usually dislike early access but the community this game has drummed up peaked my interest. All I can say is DAMN THIS IS FUN! Keep up the good work and put the greats to shame (Torchlight/Diablo/Sacred).
76561198051075439,Recommended,219990,23124379,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,conner9611,"Grim Dawn is great!  130 hours in, and I still haven't seen everything, done everything, played everything yet!  I have a shaman/solider @ lvl 37, a warlock/arcanist @ lvl 44 and a solider/nightblade @ level 43.  All my hours have been in Veteren difficulty, which is really difficult.  This is a nice change from playing games like Diablo 3, Torchlight 2 and Van Helsing series, where the difficulties seem unbalanced to me.I highly recommend this game, especially if you are a fan of the Diablo series, Torchlight or Van Helsing games.The combat is smooth, the skills are great, the devotion mechanic is fun and the difficulty is a nice challenge!So far the only con I can think of is the massive maps.  Not enough riftgates (home base portals) in the world.  As a father and husband, I have limited time to play, and so consently having to re-clear areas to reach the next riftgate that is at the other end of the map can be very fustrating and repeditive each time I log in.As for multiplayer, I can't say.  I'm a solo player by nature, so I have yet to try out this side of the game.  Supposely sometime in the future, Crate said they would be adding a Survival mode to this game, which I think would be a fun feature.Also, as a bonus, you definatly get alot of game for your buck!  Huge maps, alot of monster models, cool spell effects, side quests and dungeons, hell it even has side maps to its side maps!"
76561198062890698,Recommended,219990,20737783,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ed_Teach,"After playing the old game Titan Quest IM i've been waiting for a similar in this genre, or any other game as good as TQ in this genre, none have been made unfortunately.Then i found this game and saw maybe this is it, after buying and playing the game i got so hard into this game that i can't stop playing it :) you even can feel yourself playing Titan Quest 2. At long last i found the game i've been looking for!No wonder that the game still need some improvements, adjustments to items and devotion trees perhaps, more end game content, some bugs fix before the final release that so close.But in the front line THIS GAME IS SO GOOD, unique of it's genre, fun to play. Very suggested +1.Keep going Crate, make this game better and better!"
,Recommended,219990,32690115,Posted: 23 June,all,Plasmastrike,Best game on Stream
,Recommended,219990,20611542,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,The Duddler,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgKmY9jJIacSo, should you buy Grim Dawn? I recommend it for anyone who wants to scratch that ARPG itch. This game is all about the interesting characters you can make by experimenting with all the customization options you get. The dark atmosphere and gritty world is a callback diablo 2 fans will appreciate. The audio compliments the gameplay nicely. The game runs well for the most part and loads very quickly. If you’re looking for a grandiose endgame with online ladders and seasons and rift farming, stick with diablo 3. If you want meaningful character customization and you liked diablo 2, Grim Dawn is something you’ll want to look at."
,Recommended,219990,11149217,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,blankets,"10/10 this has no content but i managed to put 100 hours into it, it's not even finished"
,Recommended,219990,10970765,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MrManiac,"This game is one of the prime examples on how an ARPG should be.It reminded me a lot of Diablo 2, and it has the same ""grim"" atmosphere.And it can only become better, because it's still not finished, even though it already has a lot of content.And for a seven-men indie company the graphics are supreme!Way to go Crate!"
76561198029363860,Recommended,219990,10658027,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JavaDevil,"Like a grimy cousin to Diablo 2. Smaller in scope, but nevertheless a worthy addition to any ARPG fan's library. It's not very pretty; if you're a graphics fanboy, there's a lot to nitpick about the scenery. A love of dark atmosphere is a must, as 90% of Dawn's look is centered around an amalgamation of Dark Ages/Post Apocalyptic themes. No sunshine or secret rainbow levels here!Also, what's not to love about taking a shotgun to a zombie's face in the middle of a rainstorm, and then tossing a molotov into a group of walkers immediately after?  You level at a reasonable pace, as well. Aye, it's a ""one more level and then I'll get off!"" sort of game.Also of note: no quest guidelines or help. When you're given a quest (find my necklace!) you have to actually READ the quest info and pick out clues as to where it might be (which are almost always obvious anyway...""Oh! She said in the second paragraph she left it in her house in TOWN so it must be there, right...? Only, which house is hers? Guess I gotta check them all!"") Nothing brain-boggling, but it's nice that it pays to READ stuff rather than look at your map to find a highlighted location (as in most games). Might be a turn off for the impatient, though. Still, there are always plenty of monsters to shoot/stab/immolate/bash.And for under $20, this game is a no brainer. Will definitely suck at a few hours out of your life."
76561198012240096,Recommended,219990,15303281,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,J@5on8a11,i really enjoyed so far the gothic scifi theme runing the a ranged gun or hitting with a flaming sword while throwing flaming canisters reminds me of a more dark version of the world thundar the barbarian seemed to live in i enjoy the quest system tho i would  like to see alot more item varation in loot drops to many of the same white items gets boring and the 2 bosses that i hit were pretty fun overall alot more fun than poe not as wastefuly over done as d3 and thankfully not as cornball as torchlight as the few comparisions to titanquest this games is a lot better with tons of class details to play with and change I would HIghly reccomend this game so far 10/10 ymmv
,Recommended,219990,22577220,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Orma,"Best diablo ever, much better than path of buy stash tabsEDIT: Devs are kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tho"
,Recommended,219990,18386195,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,WAR M ACHINED,"It looks nice. the UI for the skill tree is a little fluffy...... But ARPG's need choicesThinly veiled attempt at faction makes for options, such as city quest work, story chaining, or heavy strategy.Mechanics are smooth, at least,  what I can use of themI like it I hope they add more before they either dont release it. Or just go full patch"
76561197970339840,Recommended,219990,22409454,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,illequine,"Surprisingly brilliant ARPG.It's probably been said already but it's the diablo 2 sequel that never was. Takes some of the best features of most ARPG's and incorporates them into itself. Notably, diablo and torchlight,Again, suprisingly the lore isnt just thrown together, it's actually an interesting world with well thought out lore.The skill/talent system puts diabloIII to shame. I like D3 but this is something that's been sorely lacking in D3 since it's launch.If i'm comparing it to D3 too much, it's because Blizzard could learn a lot by looking back.Honestly, for the pricetag, if you enjoy ARPG's you'll get hundreds of meaty hours out of this game.9/10"
,Recommended,219990,20779804,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Oregono,"BEATEN!# Level 41 / MAX IS 85 I think- Pure Warrior (melee)#32 hoursVery fun action RPG. Lots of customization, fun solo, great gear, and a variety of enemies.Pros:- Right balance of loot to sell/use/save- Difficult enough on normal without being impossible (solo)- Varied enemies and environments- Open world that is blocked off in such a way that you can ""construct"" paths to previously off-limits areas with loot.- Lots of sub-systems to explore (crafting, etc)Cons:- Story (typical in an ARPG) is interesting enough, but you probably wont care.- The map. I wish there was a transparent overlay map.Neutral:- Class system is designed in such a way that is meant to combine two classes, giving you more varied skills. If you go just one class, then you will have more powerful skills, but not a lot of variety. (Not necessarily bad)- There are a lot of passive skills. This is fine, but it doesnt add to variety or give you any visual queue other than stuff being more effective."
76561198047213268,Recommended,219990,33193867,Posted: 3 July,all,Orange,in the grim darkness of far future there is only dawn
76561198050659872,Recommended,219990,20576687,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,DedZedNub,"I'm playing on a computer with Intel HD 2500 Graphics on an i5-3400 (aka 3.4 GHz Intel Rating) CPU at a resolution of 1024x768, most settings on low, shadows off, post processing off.And guess what?  It runs more than adequately.  It runs almost as well as Titan Quest, so far.  Like Titan Quest it slows a tad when you near flames and a little bit more when you view through multiple levels of transparencies (such as looking thru tree limbs, walls, and other objects to see behind them), that's about it.The atmosphere is great, sort of a mix of Diablo 1 and 2 meets Path of Exile.  All of the great features of the Titan Quest Series' features are there, such as innumerable stats so you always know what is going on under the hood, to good art direction, and the ability to choose 2 classes if you want a hybrid character.All I can tell you is that if it runs on my rig, chances are it will run on your rig, laptop or not, provided you choose the right options.  The main purpose for this review is to get out the word that it does run ok on such a set-up.If you enjoyed Titan Quest and Immortal Throne, or you really long for a quality, good looking update to Diablo 1 and 2, with new lore to explore, but that same feeling of slightly claustrophobic dread, this looks like a winner.  So far, I enjoy the beginning more than Titan Quest/Immortal Throne.  The way the factions and various magic systems are divided, also seems to allow for better balancing while meshing perfectly with the new lore of this game, which is new to my experience.  It makes it enjoyable to explore and simply to experience the game.   There are numerous new features beyond TQ/IT as well.I'll play more to see if I run into any issues.  I turned the shadows off mainly to avoid slight polygon effects showing up under shadow calculation (after a while some shadows looked like flashing black triangles), and to pick up a couple frames a second.  Turning off post processing didn't hurt the look at all, but picked up a several frames a second also.    At the settings I described above, with Details at Medium, and the rest not just mentioned at low, it looks just like the quality of Titan Quest at high.That's a good sign.  It is 1-16-2016.  I got the game on sale for about $15.  This is SO FAR exactly what I wanted.  I'll update the review when I have put a good 40 + hours in.EDIT IN DETAILING BEST GRAPHIC OPTIONS:For playing Grim Dawn on the Intel HD 2500 I also recommend keeping:-- Anti-Aliasing Off (not needed at these resolutions and can slow fps down),-- Anisotropic Filtering Off (tends to cause slight lag at least on Titan Quest/Immortal Throne in certain situations, and on isometric games tends to just increase the detail clarity of textures very near to you unless you put it very high, and tends to act on lighting and shadows causing more lag, but try AF at 2x or 4x and see if it is ok for you).-- I'll try 1360x768, and some other resolutions next, but the reason I used 1024x768 is because I knew from previous experience that this gave the best responsiveness on TQ/IT with some good lighting and mild shadows, rest on high).  You may be able to do about as well at 1280x720 or 1360x768, worth trying.  For me my custom colors and set-up work only at 1024x768 and 1360x768, so those are the key options I try first, works on most games for Intel HD 2500 GPU (with very rare exceptions).-- Although Triple Buffering did smooth out the movement a touch entering in and out of transparencies, movement of the character became a bit unwieldy with lots of enemies and transparency effects while in buildings so ... my guess is that it overwhelmed the GPU at that point past the ability to smooth, as it tried to keep up with the 3 frames ahead stored in the buffer.  It never helped much with a slow GPU in TQ/IT either.  If you have a fast GPU, that may be another story.)EDIT IN #2 :-- I tried a bit 1360x786.  As with Titan Quest, it can be done, but it is a bit laggy on the Intel HD 2500, so for me it is not quite worth it.  The 1280x resolutions usually will run a bit bigger, but on my system they will not be full screen within a window, that is with black bars, which I prefer for a higher concentration of pixels per inch at a resolution.  Also my colors don't look as good as the custom settings don't really stick to it.  They are worth a try if you like and use often those resolutions.  On many games 1280x720 will run about the same as 1024x768, it might be close also in this game, but no guarantees.I continue to enjoy the game immensely for its atmosphere.One thing some of you may find interesting -- at the moment there are some furniture which do not highlight and are destructible.  Occasionally these are shelves or slightly different looking cabinets.  Although they do not highlight under the mouse cursor, on rare occasions they can provide look and rarely some very good loot.  It is not a bad idea to try destroying any furniture around you.  It will all refresh anyway on the next restart of the game, as the map seems to reset in that way, along with the usual restock of enemies when you restart/reload a game from the main menu."
76561197971043808,Recommended,219990,14183855,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,diabetus,"When I first started playing this game I did detect similarities with this and Titan Quest. That isn't a bad thing. I love the Titan Quest series, and I don't honestly know what happened to the team who created Titan Quest, or who specifically is a part of the creation of Grim Dawn, but those who are working on Grim Dawn are doing a fantastic job. A new environment, new classes, new skills, and a pretty cool gem system are all enjoyable. I think the best thing to note here, is that it's a hard game. It's not forgiving. I wouldn't suggest going hardcore at first. Mobs are constantly scaling to your level, but only within reason. The battles are very intense and I feel like this game in the 20 hours I played of it, is definitely a great co-op adventure. I didn't play this single player, but I loved playing with my friend in co-op and didn't experience any technical issues, just one random disconnect. I like this game a lot, I guess the only problem I have right now is I don't know when to expect completion, or how many chapters are to be in this game. In my 20 hours my friend and I completed a lot, we explored, we killed maneater, we found out that there is an actual order of which things should be taken, but we ended up killing like, the final boss, then the other bosses scaled to our level, and we fought them at random times or when we actually progressed through the story at those given times. There are a lot of options in this game, and really the only requirement is to want to explore and enjoy yourself. If you don't want to kill a boss, you really don't have to. I am sure there is a requirement for some instances to get into a next chapter (which we are limited to just the 1 right now) then maybe a huge final boss encounter must occur, but really it was a lot of fun to be able to not have to do anything, but still doing things.TL;DR1. Dungeon crawler.2. Quests are pretty optional, but also seem to finish naturally.3. Challenging, mobs scale to your level.4. Class/subclass specifications make multiple play throughs a must.5. Exploration with very few deadends.6. I like Blizzard games, I am not biased. I didn't like Diablo 3, I feel this game beats it. Hard.7. $25"
76561198036501540,Recommended,219990,21541021,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ash-za,I LOVE this game!
76561197998863399,Recommended,219990,21447225,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jeckenn,"Seeing as Grim Dawn goes to full release today, Feb. 25, 2016, I thought it prudent to write my review today. I have to say that Grim Dawn is the best ARPG I have played since that old classic Titan Quest Immortal Throne. It takes on the two class system that TQ had plus it adds another way to spec out your character with a Star Constellation map and as you find desecrated shrines and restore them you gain points you can use to fill out the various constellation adding further character customization.Grim Dawn to me is the ultimate single player ARPG that also has multiplayer co-op and PvP built in, in fact it reminds me of the good old days of that classic Diablo 2 which I had a TON of fun playing multiplayer back in the day. The developer has been very active in the Steam Forum for their game during Early Access and they have delivered 100% in all promises made to the contributors in the Kickstarter that began this project and through out Early Access. I consider Crate Entertainment to be one of my favorite developers in the game development business and I can't wait to see where Grim Dawn goes when they release the toolset so the modding community can begin to take this game in very interesting directions in the future."
,Recommended,219990,20795822,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,MindCrime,This is digital crack!  Everything I loved about Torchlight 2 but bigger with better graphics.  It's a polished ARPG not to be missed.
76561197974927402,Recommended,219990,19792197,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,CNN is Isis,"One of my favorite game of all time, best ARPG of the modern era hands down. The build choices and quality of the gear is fantastic. The monsters are great and the subject matter nice and dark.The action is smooth, nicely animated and the audio is very well done.I definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes loot or ARPGs.I can honestly say I have no cons that come to mind. It's got MP, and SP offline.I give it a 10/10 until I find something to ♥♥♥♥♥ about, but not even the UI is troublesome (once I hotkeyed 2nd hotbar for toggles).Depraved Sanctuary run anybody?? Whee!"
76561198108764817,Recommended,219990,7962600,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,brainiac,"Love it, it definitely plays in the same league as the wonderful Titan Quest! If D3 disappointed you as much as me then this game will save the whole genre for you. Really."
76561198183577638,Recommended,219990,26123845,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Marco Polo,This game reminded me alot of Titan Quest. It's the way Diablo 3 should have been. It's a good RPG game worth adding to your collection.
,Recommended,219990,32886260,Posted: 27 June,all,PeeT,Games good
76561198023260307,Recommended,219990,19965954,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,eds604,"Was waiting for some of my friends to play this game, and see what they would think, and buy depending on their opinion. Then it was in the wintersale, bought it.. no regrets. Gameplay is awesome, questing actually is very different then other games, not too obvious (not the standard follow marker, kill 10 boars, talk to this person, done). You complete quests while exploring, wich is something i really had to get used to, but really enjoy. The build diversity is insane. at lvl 10 you get to pick a second class and the devotion system allows you to alter your skills and build even further. This game really is ''play how you want''. Lookig forward to trying out many more classes. Best ARPG i have played in years. I'm lvl 33 now and just cleared act 1, Barely done anything in act 2.Bottom line, if you like hack and slash, experimenting with an insane amount of skills and about 30 class combos, this game is the game for you."
,Recommended,219990,29869763,Posted: 12 February,all,Apart,"The Grim Dawn has brought ruin and Darkness to the world of Cairn. It has become the wargrounds for the Aetherials and Chthnonians. But you, as the outsider, possessed by otherworldy powers, have to vanquish both of these armies and their leaders.Grim Dawn is possibly one of my favourite games right now. It gives you a very Diablo-esque feeling on the Titan Quest engine.Pros:- The story is quite entertaining.- Secret areas that are at first sight, pretty hard to notice.- There are hidden quests that will reward you handsomely.- Very unique classes with each their own set of combinations of Masteries.- Very entertaining to play with friends, the more the merrier.- Lots of friendly and enemy factions, with each their own rewards. (Extra spawns, Nemesis bosses, Augments)- Active community with lots of information regarding builds, mods, trading etc.Cons:- After reaching maximum level, there is not much to do.- Once you have enough Resistances, nothing poses a challenge anymore."
,Recommended,219990,21507617,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Immortan Donald,Finally a true and oldschool ARPG with loads of ways to costumize your character. The game also has really dark atmosthere a-la Diablo 2 which is very cool. Definetely one of the best ARPGs to date.
,Recommended,219990,21476416,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,X4MHD,"G R I M D A W NThe aRPG after Titan Quest aiming (successfully) to do better than Diablo.PreludeFebruary 2016, the release of the game. It was a long haul seeing 2009 as the start, yet everything has come through: The story has become the sky, the gameplay like a bird flying, the mechanics as if the Gods 're watching.The GameOkay, so I've had this game for a while already (2014 I think), played it until the final quest (early access), just to find it was missing the final chapter. This was remedied a few months earlier (2015), including the implementation of locked achievements. These got unlocked just prior to official release (2016). So, now that everything is here - we can start playing for realsies! Some people have wiped their progress to start afresh.So, what of the review now that we have read your prelude and game chronicle?Right, well. I could start listing the pro's and cons of this game. Actually review the game.But I think I'll just tell you this one story:Just yesterday I told some of me mates about Grim Dawn. There was one pouting with his lip, mentioning not doing any Early Access games, although he does like (a)RPGs; One was scatting about engines on and on saying Grim Dawn should 've gone with an Unreal engine; Several others grimaced they only play AAA titles.Let's just say I have enough blood in containers now to summon a small army of Chthonian horrors.VerdictBUY IT!*If one enjoys action RPGs.or face risking the:Chthonian cultists, who want to use you for their blood rituals!Aetherials, coming in many forms, none of which are good for you."
,Recommended,219990,30624673,Posted: 19 March,all,batt3ryac1d,Amazing so far. Ever more polished than it's predecessors and soooo much fun. 10/10 buy it now while it's 50% off.
,Recommended,219990,30597341,Posted: 18 March,all,CarlosWeiser,It reminds me of that days when i played Diablo2 .
76561198328605233,Recommended,219990,30931835,Posted: 3 April,all,djeww,ok so i'll make this short and sweet this game is damn good. as a long player of action rpgs and a huge fan of diablo 1 and 2. 3 not so much but thats off topic. grim dawn is the gritty arpg you have been waiting for all these years the backgrounds and creatures while paying tribute to diablo have there own feel and substance the loot is awesome a plus for anyone with a addiction to grinding for that 1 sick item you wanted to complete your build and top it all of with a skill tree that lets your mix and match skills evolving your char into a monster of your own creation i made a shamman/occultist cross and laid waste to my enemies. so yes i reccomend this game now go forth and survive the GRIM DAWN
,Recommended,219990,18105653,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Noble Glory,"Grim Dawn is a strong action ARPG in the vein of Titan Quest. Overall the graphics and sound are solid, with many options for character building. In Grim Dawn, you have the ability to specialize in two of six different masteries with a multitude of skills to invest in across each mastery. There's also a fair amount of items, as you would expect, and hunting for rare trinkets and crafting can often prove rewarding.Overall Grim Dawn offers much stronger character building components than other more well-known titles in this genre (i.e. Diablo 3), with solid presentation and gameplay. I would definitely recommend fans of the action RPG genre check this title out, especially for the more than reasonable list price of $25."
,Recommended,219990,17701878,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Shamuskie,"This game is in the late stages of early access with most of the content being out and the 6th class (shaman) having been released.  I bought this game prior to build 27 being released and I've loved it ever since.  If you're an ARPG fan, forget D3, and other games that are super mainstream.  This game is a nice slide to the right and definitely keeps you entertained.  It's challenging and fun, multiplayer scales well and makes things more interesting, and they're still not done adding stuff.  Can't wait for the full release at the end of the year.  $25 well spent in mind.Also, I love the nightblade's ability to shadow strike (or what I like to call shadow stepping) enemies.  Popping enemies has never been more fun! :D"
,Recommended,219990,21488562,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kali-Long,"First Impressions w/ Pros & (somewhat) Cons.-	Nostalgia of Diablo 2 crossed with Path of Exile-	Classic ‘old school’ look with updated graphics-	Male and female character option-	6 main classes. Combine 2 to create one of 15 unique classes-	Immersive day and night cycles-	Easily accessible multiplayer mode-	Ability to use existing characters in new or existing single player or multiplayer games (no need to start over)-	Combat/difficulties don’t seem overly challenging but are still enjoyable.-	Ability to move camera angle is a great feature (Ability to turn this off in options as well for a more typical arpg camera)-	Optional instanced loot (No need to share!)-	No initial character customisation-	Currently no caster staves or wands-	No quest helper – Must read quests and follow directions to find objectives. (I personally prefer this but some people may not)-	Haven’t encountered proper crafting (unsure if it exists) but inserting gems to gear is very simple.I’ve been looking for something to play since Diablo 3, and I think this is what I’ve been looking for. Though the game looks very similar to older ARPGs, it is still very graphically pleasing. Story seems a little slow to start, but still piqued my interest. For those who have played typical top down ARPGs before, the controls and interface should be familiar to you, but to those who aren’t used to this style of game, may find it difficult to get used to the interface as there isn’t much of a tutorial – So make sure to familiarise yourself first before running out into the wild.Going out into the world, the day and night cycles really make a difference. Night time is quite eerie and foreboding, whereas during the day, surroundings are more visible and sun rays shine through trees.  First thing I noticed with quests is no quest tracker. The only indication of quest objectives is when you’re basically on top of them. I found this a little difficult and time consuming at first as I’m not used to this kind of questing (thanks modern games :P) But quickly got the hang of reading quests and following the directions.Classes so far, are amazing. Can pick 1 class at level 2 and the next at level 10 to create a unique sub class. Each class has a large number of abilities, and the ‘Devotion’ trees give extra defensive and offensive passives which are quite extensive.I haven’t played the game for very long but have played in single and multiplayer settings and find them both easily accessible and fun. I’m a bit picky when it comes to this game style, but Grim Dawn definitely has my vote!"
76561197964442295,Recommended,219990,21502682,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Scargy,"One of the best arpg i had the pleasure to play, i still cannot believe such a small team created such a awesome game, guys just buy this game you will not regret it, specially for this price the game have everything, dont be sceptic and dont waste time, this is such a good game!"
76561198063147009,Recommended,219990,21503725,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,soccerfreakjfj,"I have been a fan of Diablo for all of my gaming life.  Diablo was the first game I bought and I loved it.  That being said, Grim Dawn has taken what I liked about the first two Diablos and improved on the mechanics to make it one of a kind but still with that dark feel that the Diablo games had (before #3).  This is a must have for Diablo fans and all hack & slash fans alike."
76561197966567285,Recommended,219990,21501797,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Robotron,"Awesome game, this is hands down my favorite ARPG since Diablo II.  Great systems, great items and wrapped up in beautiful grapshics.  Get ready for a great ride!"
,Recommended,219990,21510702,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Atramentos,"Before I give my review I figured I'd give everyone a back story of my experience with ARPG's. For a good portion of my youth (until around the age of 18) I was a console gamer, specifically Nintendo. So my exposure to the genre was very minimal. It wasn't until I ran across a copy of Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance on the gamecube that I got my real taste, and once I didn't I couldn't get enough. My brother and I played the hell out of that game. We probably spent around 200hrs on it (which was pretty insane at the time). Moving on I graduated highschool and finally decided to venture into PC Gaming. One of the first games I played was WoW. I started around the end of Burning Crusade and grew tired of money grubbing Blizzard by Cataclysm.  Afterwards I spent some time playing Path of Exile. I eventually grew fed up with it due to how imbalanced the game felt, the numerous bugs (this was during early beta, so I'd hope the bugs have been fixed by now) and it's convoluted, passive (boring) skill tree. So after one frustrating night realizing that my build was not exploitive enough to work, I gave up on it. For a couple years here, I didn't play any Diablo-like games. Until on a whim I purchased Torchlight 2, and for a while I was entertained. I guess the only real reason I quit playing it was do it's cartoonish graphic style (I know shallow, right). But I blame WoW for that one.  Torchlight 2 is still a very fun game, I'm sure I'll eventually return to it someday, maybe dabble in some mods.  Around this time Diablo III came out and I was still too butthurt with Blizzard to give it a try. I didn't want to have anything to do with it's corrupt auction house or it's WoW like graphic style. I have since learned that it's in a pretty solid state now (the auction house has been removed and numerous gameplay changes have occured) but I don't trust Blizzard as far as I can throw them. Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.But I digress. Grim Dawn is a fanastic game. The visual's and atmosphere of the game are very eerie. The amount of customization is incredible. The sheer number of builds is awe-inspiring.  The story is compelling enough to keep you going. The gameplay is top notch. There is controller support. And so on and so forth. This is the best ARPG I've ever played. If my experience with this genre is reminiscent of your own, do yourself a favor and buy this game. If you are looking for an excellent ARPG, buy this game. Seriously, I can't recommend it enough. Support these developers and buy this game already!"
,Recommended,219990,21501460,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TheTacticalNinja,Really fun Arpg. Building your character is just half of it. Componets can help you a lot. Devs still is doing hard work on this game.10/10 Will keep playing this game.
,Recommended,219990,21572880,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,onfirealive,Great action-rpg.I really feel it's worth the price.
76561198073166006,Recommended,219990,21554837,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,tatmouse89,"This game is great.Solid ARPG mechanicsvery cool dual class progression systemlots of little quality of life things like a built in loot filterI've been playing the veteran difficulty and it is usually easy enough if I'm paying attention, but there are significant spikes in difficulty at times, and I think that's how it should be.Crafting, bounties, and apparently the game is open to modding so that should be sweet when the community starts pumping out content.Oh...and custom servers like d2 or torchlight style.I'd like to see slightly larger status icons on the HUD or have them somewhere my eyes are more prone to be. I usually don't even know when i've been poisoned or something since the icons are small and at the bottom right of the screen.Not sure how the end-game will hold up but so far this is a very good alternative to diablo 3 for just $25If this style of game is your thing, then it is totally worth trying."
76561198023138709,Recommended,219990,21503858,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Meat Shield,"Great hack and slash like Diablo 2, Titan Quest or Path of Exile. Great enviroment and smooth game. Love it"
,Recommended,219990,21502173,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,SSS,"If you liked Titan Quest, Diablo 2, Torchlight 2 you gonna likes this too. Very well made game."
,Recommended,219990,25765783,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Peanut Butter,"Grim Dawn is a familiar, yet satisfying action role-playing game, with an amazing world to explore and plenty of loot to discover. Grim Dawn is very rich in content, providing many different classes, customization, devotion tree, faction system and many more. I recommend this game to anyone who loves ARPG or is looking to try out a new game."
,Recommended,219990,21450459,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Tekky The Human,THE GAME IS GOOD.SO SAYS ZARDOZ YOUR GOD.
76561198030888059,Recommended,219990,21206690,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Tenkillsmore,"This is a good game for board and sword as well as magic casters in the first level. After you advance to elite if you are S+B for some reason the devs have made it so your characture will die many times. I am sure too many people cried about being op, I like being op with S+B but you won't get that here. However if you like spells and casting you can take out most anything the game throws at you. The devs have gone way beyond what they promised and have done an amazing job in all but the afore mentioned S+B. The game has some hand holding but so far its not a game breaker if you like old school, if you need a glowing path to find your way around you won't get that here. Lots of loot to find, but no random dungeons or maps [I say thanks for that] This game will be finished soon, then it will be modable. I have over 1500 hrs in this game and the S+B part is my only complaint, the rest is fantastic."
76561197985722163,Recommended,219990,20556105,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,[NTF] TacticalNuance,"Excellent. Between Season Diablo 3 characters and this, its a no-brainer. Really excellent, the weight to the fighting is really good, feels better than any other combat I've seen. If you like Diablo 1/2/3 or Path of Exile or Titan Quest, then let this game surprise you, its right up there at the top of this particular tree. Having now played it for a few hours I'd have happily paid full premium price if I'd known how good it was going to be, as it is its a steal."
76561197998249375,Recommended,219990,21661953,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ragnazz,Best Hack and slay game since D2 im lovin it !!!! Great Job Keep up the good work :)
76561198071966029,Recommended,219990,21400587,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,VirtualFunction,If you like ARPG's then this game is for you!
76561198020646368,Recommended,219990,20561748,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Draeziel,"Being developed by the same team as its quasi-predecessor Titan Quest and using the same engine, Grim Dawn plays a lot like the aforementioned Titan Quest. That is, it is a classic hack-and-slay. As this is written, the game is not releaed yet, so some of the now mentioned points might change until release. Unfortunately, there are severe technical issues contained in the current build (which is build 30), for example local multiplayer not working with 3+ players and a high rate of random crashes. The difficulty is somewhat higher than one might be used to from other hack-and-slay titles but still enjoyable. Apart from that, gameplay is designed quite conservatively. That means one should not expect an extraordinarily innovative gameplay but a hack-and-slay ARPG like many others before. On the other hand, this also means that the gameplay is really great (there is a reason there are so many hack-and-slay titles), so this is not necessarily a bad thing. In general, the gameplay experience is captivating and the atmosphere created in the game does help this a lot. In conclusion, I can really recommend Grim Dawn to anyone who is willing to ignore the troubles of early access (else you should probably wait unitl release and get it then)."
,Recommended,219990,20499875,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Pigeon,"If you ever wished that Titan Quest had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love child with Diablo 2, this would be its edgy cousin that realtives avoid at family reunions."
,Recommended,219990,21540177,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Critical Hit,"It's amazing. Clickclickclick. I can't get enough. Haven't enjoyed an ARPG this much since Diablo 2. Packed FULL of content, the skill system allows for very enjoyable experimentation. Also, you can't beat the price. It's polished, it's beautifully made and above all it's FUN. Go buy it!"
76561198031621144,Recommended,219990,21541962,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,sirkaos777,"Best game i ever got in Early Access, to me it is what Diablo3 was ment to be play your way. I love to play as a lot of odd ways caster with 2H axe or Fireball tossing tank"
,Recommended,219990,21539930,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Neptus,They crammed so much content into 3 gigs.
76561198036299846,Recommended,219990,19388456,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Zorgilon,Very good game for diablo funs with very nice themed classes and skills. Nice gameplay too.If that game had a decent trading system and end game maps like PoE i would play nothing else.
76561197984503913,Recommended,219990,14892594,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,SKINZ,"Dont even like these sorts of games, but im just gonna come out and say it...This game is awesome!!!"
76561198084126091,Recommended,219990,14928561,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Ecton213,"Grim Dawn to me is like a mixture of Incredible Adventures of Van Hellsing mixed with Titan Quest. It is a little bit like Diablo 2 or has a similar feel at least. A very good game, fun classes and skill trees and game has a lot of potential where they are still making it. And they do regular content updates! :)"
,Recommended,219990,16609548,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hanzyd,"Written with 80+ hours played and Build 26 Hotfix 3 of the Early Access.The Game is at the moment on Early Access so it's NOT finished but it has lots of content even on normal difficulty.At first you WON'T choose a class, its until level 2 when you choose your first class, and when reached lvl 10 you will be able to choose a second one.The game counts actually with 5 playable classes so simply do the math: 25 possible and DOABLE combinations (Many ARPG/RPG games don't have all classes doable, so if you became a class for farming / AoE you'll be unable to do certain bosses)PD: The devs confirmed they're working on a sixth class before the game is done.I'll leave the lore untill the game is complete but if you're interested on it, simply google it.So, you're on Devil's Crossing, an old prison transformed into a Zombie Apocalypse-like Camp. Lvl 1 and nearly naked.Let's talk about game mechanics.You'll find things called ""Components"" you can complete these components with same components to complete them and unlock some benefits with their completion.You can also rotate the view to find secret areas (There's some secret areas and breakable objects)The game includes a system which replenishes your HP if you're well fed (Very useful to save some potions).There's also FACTIONS you can level to get good rewards, but you can also ""level"" the enemy factions to get more enemy spawns, more hero enemy spawns or even Nemesis bosses to spawn.There's some other mechanics and things you'll discover by yourself.If you liked Diablo, Diablo 2 or even Titan Quest (The game its from the same creators) you should buy it. What are you waiting for?"
76561197965794861,Recommended,219990,16736810,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sarara H.,"This is a great game and it keeps geting better. I hope it can beat down ""DDD"" and the likely ARPGs."
,Recommended,219990,13570682,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Spooksman,"I was very pleasently suprised with this game. I decided to pick it up after watching it for a few weeks, looked like your typical over-the-top RPG so I thought to myself ""Is this really worth my time and money?"" I ended up caving and buying the game, hoping it would be both challenging and enjoyable. Boy was I right! This game has an excellent community, a nice multiplayer system (that is still very new) and a interesting storyline. HOWEVER; the game is as of yet NOT COMPLETE. So if you don't want to contribute to a project that, in my opinion, is a very worthwhile one. This does not however mean that the game is unplayable. It is quite the opposite in fact, I have logged quite a few hours and plan to log many more. Often updates keep new content coming, patience is a virtue!All in all, my EARLY ACCESS GAME rating is a 8/10I look forward to seeing you lads ingame soon!"
76561198047954432,Recommended,219990,15834969,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,kryptachronicudilite,game is amazing. i played d2 for 10 years and feel this game could have some real potential.
,Recommended,219990,16608269,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DoM,"This is what I expected Diablo 3 to turn out like. Great game so far, looking forward to more free time to delve deeper into Grim Dawn!"
,Recommended,219990,16784152,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mystic_Prophet,"Well done storyline, choices actually matter. Some ability to correct build mistakes, but not so much that your build choices become trivial. Very addictive."
76561198042093566,Recommended,219990,16830531,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ObsidianTyrant,"Great Game. Love the open world feel, and the grim, apocolyptic atmosphere. Highly recommend this game to any ARPG fans!"
76561198000088094,Recommended,219990,13583596,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,GOObER,Is it better than Diablo 3? In some ways yes and some ways no.Diablo 3 gets much better updates for sure and seems to be winning out in the end.And then there is Path of Exile which may overtake them all when it's done.
76561198004907635,Recommended,219990,15887475,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,tilltugg,"I really love it! As a fan of Diablo and to some degree Titan Quest - this feels like something in-between. Visually I suppose it looks more like TQ (If I'm not mistaken, some people behind GD were also involved in the making of TQ). I made a character and dinged it to 40 (current level cap, as the game is in early access), and after that I just HAD to create another character and try something different... and then a third - And this is all singleplayer! I haven't even begun to touch the multiplayer aspect of it. Of course there will be tweaks and changes to come but as is - it's already a very enjoyable experience! Don't expect an Oscar winning script, though.. It's a hack'n-slasher! (But a good one at that!)"
76561198024091018,Recommended,219990,16638657,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,kevjones2006,"This game is getting ridiculously good! The art,atmoshere and setting is just what I was looking for in this type of game. Highly recommend this to any ARPG fan!!"
76561198040457997,Recommended,219990,11541010,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Keemossi,"I'm a fan of Diablolike hack'n'slash games. Like, a huge fan. And from the creators of excellent Titan Quest, this game is damn awesome effort. It's a pre-release so far, but already so good.It's not fair to compare this to Diablo 3, there's a huge difference in budgets. Nevertheless, this game is nearly as fun to play, and the atmosphere is much better. Where D3 failed, this game succeeds.The Diablolike games are a group I find hard  to put in any order of preference. Still, I'd say this game is in a good place with D1, D2, D3, Titan Quest, Sacred(s), Nox, Throne of Darkness, Path of Exile and  a very few others. Certainly vastly better than the miserable attempts Torchlights were."
,Recommended,219990,13970483,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Lezard,Great gameplay and atmosphere.
,Recommended,219990,19688457,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Guts,"Do you remember after Diablo 3 came out and you were really dissapointed in blizzard and it left you wanting? This game is everything that Diablo 3 wasn't and more, and it's made by the same people who made Titan Quest. It's in alpha and it already has loads of content and devs who are constantly updating the game, fixing bugs, and adding more content weekly. I just got done playing for several hours with 3 other friends in a party and it ran smoothly and we all had a blast. It brought back memories of staying up all night in high school with my friends lan'ing Diablo 2 and Titan Quest. This game is definitely going to be the new titan quest and more. You can play two different classes which leads to a lot of different combinations and playstyles, and the devs are adding in new classes off and on as well which is really nice. I'm currently playing a warder which is a shaman and a soldier/warrior. It's a blast; this game is a work of art and definitely deserves to be given a chance. There are a few minor bugs i've noticed but they are visual and aren't pertinent to gameplay and progression. If you're thinking about trying out Grim Dawn because you're trying to fill that empty hole that Diablo 3 left you with, do it. I doubt you'll be dissapointed."
76561198028436422,Recommended,219990,11518819,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Noobling,"If you are after a ""diablo"" fix"", then look no further. The thrill of the loot is very live in Grim Dawn. This game is highly addictive even though it is still in the early access stage. The combat animation and the diversity in skill builds are satisfying. I highly recommend."
76561197970305080,Recommended,219990,12150645,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Hobbes' Mandibles of Death,"Ok so I have played over 70 hours and I have several characters at the current level cap. This is an extremely good game, and there are plenty of reviews going into how it brings back feelings of great old ARPG titles and that is exactly correct. I will go a little different direction. I have about 600 hours in Diablo 3 and I would say that Grim Dawn has none of Diablo 3's failings. The game feels gritty, atmospheric, interesting story line, and so on. However, it is weak where D3 is strong: game responsiveness. In Grim Dawn you will often feel a slight barrier between what you want to make your character do (and the buttons you are pushing to make that happen) and what your character actually does. But remember, this is ALPHA, so I fully expect all of that to be smoothed out.This game is more than worth the money. Feels like STALKER mixed with Diablo 2. Great fun."
76561197970505538,Recommended,219990,13562725,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,seahawkseven,"Not many games hook me enough that I play till I realize its one in the morning. The world is nicely detailed and the skills, while they could use some better visuals, are fun to use. I especially enjoy skills that can take on groups allowing me to charge into a pack of soon-to-be loot pinatas. It reminds me quite a bit of Path of Exile, but without the randomized areas. If I had to compare it to something it would be a mix of Path of Exile and Divine Divinity. Definitely worth a try in its current state and the price they are asking."
76561198085437892,Recommended,219990,18257340,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Sir Mixabit,"This game is very reminescent of the Diablo Franchise (sans Diablo 3). I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys ARPG's in general as well. Very grungy storyline, graphics are very tstefully done! Even as an Early Access game, this game shines brightly with hidden potential (think about how much time you spent playing similiar style games, and how much fun you had...) Definitely worth the price! get it while it's a steal, not that full release price would'nt be worth it either!Edit: This game is still an amazing go to game, a must buy for any fan of the genre"
76561197969987077,Recommended,219990,12933373,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Marn,"I searched for days on Steam for a new game to play.  I have really enjoyed the couple hours I've play thus far and would tell anyone I know that likes this style of game to buy it.  Well worth the money, even while it's in early access.  Can't wait to see what else is in store for me and as this game developes more."
76561198021708061,Recommended,219990,13548004,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,daft73,"If you like ARPG...give this a game a go. With work still to be done Crate Entertainment has got a gem here, worth a close look. Along with the usual suspects...loot, quests, class development, and breaking items, comes some new twists and Ideas. The ability to multi-class a second class with your original, and an interesting combine system to upgrade your gear are just a couple of the nice additions.Work still needs to be done, but what is here is stable, fun, and nicely developed. You won't get that , ""well it looks nice but...."" feeling. Graphics areGRIMbut detailed, nice spell effects, sound and music seem to fit perfectly, and the game is performing well.Comparisons with other established ARPG's will be in abundance, though with Grim Dawn youwon't feel like your playing a cookie-cut gameto feed the populace, for this game has an identity for sure and I see great things only."
76561198046541989,Recommended,219990,13613098,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,dpoole,"Really enjoy this AARPG, updates have been slow but methodical and well developed. 8 out of 10 so far with 10 potential."
,Recommended,219990,15903282,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,redwings9697,"I don't buy Early Access games, but this one surprised me. Looking for a Diablo like clone, I found this gem. Develops are constantly working and updating the game, and they actually listen to feedback. The game mechanics are fresh, and allow for far more open customization of play styles than Diablo 3 does. I loved my Demon Hunter in D3 but here I get to play with a ranged character with other classes mixed in, and I can revert and change at any time.The game is a fresh entry and one that needs support. I said it before, early access is always a risk, do your own research, dig for yourself, and invest as you feel you can or should, and never take everything at its word, even me. Take a look at Grim Dawn, you may enjoy this great surprise of a game."
76561198004490889,Recommended,219990,15590588,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Nero1024,"[Based on 1.0.0.2] So far game is superb. I'd give it a score of 9.5. Game have some issues here and there, but hopefuly they will be fixed in comming patches. Lots of content, good story, music and atmosphere. Basicaly, almost everything about this game is good. Definitely recommend)))"
76561197967150380,Recommended,219990,14153992,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,KilrB,If you like arpg's do not miss out on this game.
,Recommended,219990,13566690,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Solely,"Bought this game in early access state, but it's already good shaped. The game is from the creators of Titan Quest, which you can see quite early with the skill trees and second mastery which combines to one class name. The five possible masteries you can choose from differ in playstyle and even after choosing one, you can play how you like it. For example playing a melee demolitionist or a melee arcanist with soldier as second mastery. You're free to do what you like.I'm close to finish the first act and I can't wait to see the following acts, their setup and bosses. Nice game!"
76561198030123620,Recommended,219990,11704250,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,mrblunt25,"I'm not normally one to write reviews seeing as how Im very lazy, but I wanted to give grim dawn a big huzzah, as most reviews have said this game plays like a finished game and it seems like the devs are really giving it their full effort to make a fame to stand the test of overly critical gamers. I have had this game for a couple days now and I cannot set it down. There are rarely bugs, the challenge is adequate, it is already deep with a great and I feel original story that is only going to progress as the game is finished, and the music while repetitive is like having sex while camping (♥♥♥♥ing intense, get it haha anyways). I give this game a solid 9.5 out of 10 and plan on playing it and following the development very closely. Keep up the great work Crate games."
76561197970662474,Recommended,219990,13520992,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Billy Plonka,An excellent game! Not a resource hog like Van Helsing. Detailed where it needs to be and simple everwhere else.  Great graphics and cool maps. What is not to like :o)
,Recommended,219990,11923527,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,SPLITTIN.WIGS,"Being an an avid isometric hack n slash/arpg fan since since the 90s/Diablo 1 days, it was only normal for me to like this game, but the way it stands out from the rest of the lord of terror's followers is fantastic. The classes are a fresh take, rather than just having the typically renamed warrior/mage/rogue combo that most clicky clickers have. The atmosphere and environment along with the spell/attack visuals deliver a top notch experience and it never fails to scratch that diablo 2 itch I've had since I was 11. I won't forget to mention that it's actually difficult at some points to a hardened arpg player, where as others in the genre were/are a breeze to beat. I've been playing since early, early alpha and will be playing for years to come."
,Recommended,219990,15792192,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Zirenz,"Remember buying this a year or two ago on here. The way the game has developed since I first played has been mind blowing, and to think they've done it with a team of 8, incredible!This game deserves far more credit and recognition, it is a highly polished product despite the 'early access' tag. So if you're looking for something new to play, or generally an ARPG fan get amongst it and try it out, there is so much content to enjoy."
76561197993437321,Recommended,219990,26456535,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Carm3D,It's like Torchlight or Titan Quest but with better graphics.  And unlike those games...I can use my controller to move around.What a stroke of game design genius!! :DVery happy I bought this.
,Recommended,219990,21470470,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Chaostos,"I have to run, but want to make a quick review. Grim Dawn was constantly updated and now its complete.It can be played solo and online with up to 4 people. Simple to host and join the game, no need to portforward or be a wizard to get it to work, if you got a new rooter/pc etc.It even got LAN. (so it's a bonus for quality LAN or Tunngle/Hamachi people)Solid options menu.Dark atmosphere, addicting combat, impactfull feel of it, big world map filled with adventure, quests, bounties, secret areas and chests, high-end-game areas, enemy heroes and a couple of factions to join and reap rewards.Challenging dungeons that need a key crafted and close once you pass inside.Crafting and Recipe system.The Good1. Multi class. Combine two classes to get the maximum pleasure.2. Gear can have skills and even if not, you can insert gems that add skills. Wide build possibility.3. Find shrines on the map that grant you acess to Constelations - In short: augment yourself even more, you can add different constelation skills on top of the ones you have. It's glorious.4. MinMaxers dream/horror, Mastery skills and Atributes can't be respec'd, but the Skills learned can. Use grimcalc (search it up) - for an ease to plan your build beforehand.5. Factions with Bounty/Rep system , giving quests, faction specific augments for gear and gear itself. The more the enemy faction despises you, the heavier guys you will encounter.6. Some quests, do have some minor (and hilarious, in a dark way) consequences.7. Explore large locations, void, basements, dungeons and secrets to discover. Hand crafted, but the route can differ as roads/ways can be obstructed. Gives that bit of variety.8. Things like camera pan, display loot by rarity, body count (if your pc can handle it) etc. small things are there to tweek.... and more, but I want to keep it short.The BadNo glitches found myself. Got a medium-high end PC and a fresh Rooter. No magic needed to play for me or find servers, players.The UglyThe highly detailed world, day and night cycle (light radius, feeling of ambush), weather, the desperation and death all around you.All the enemy factions. This abominations are realy asking for it. Tombs of our ancestors desecrated,Blood and guts, limbs fly, acid spills and chaotic/aetherial fire burns what's left of once proud human civilization.It is truly a Grim Dawn."
,Recommended,219990,21557281,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,TheLastDrink,"Great game with mad potential. It takes a lot of inspiration from past ARPG games, especially Diablo 2 and expands upon it. The game has some overall clunkiness to it with a story I wish would more ambitious and get to the point quicker but I think this is a damn fine game."
76561197961682905,Recommended,219990,21476300,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Razgril,"Grim Dawn is quite an enjoyable game, if you like ARPGs in general you will most likely find this game loads of fun, being a spiritual successor to Titan Quest.The game performs well on low end computers, and is quite beautiful in more detailed graphical settings. Plenty of lore to delve into, and loads of items to find, ways to build your character, and with difficulty settings that can be truly challenging.Definitely recommended."
76561197985700639,Recommended,219990,21465856,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Canek,"It is difficult to describe a good game in this genre, as usually Arpgs are defined for the ""feeling"" or the ""experience"" you get while playing. Most will say the graphics are good or bad according to their rigs, some will mention the music, some the ambience, some others will even mention the dialogues, and most will talk about the loot.I will say the whole experience feels organic; it is perhaps more dark than Path of Exile, but it doesn't feel with a weird pace. It is as smooth as Torchlight II, but far from the cartoonish feeling. It does not feel as large as Titan Quest, and yet I have not able to advance very deep into it. If you had a chance to play the undisputed best of this genre, Diablo II, and crave for a close experience, this is as close you can get, so far. If you have no clue of these games I am mentioning, or you are new to the genre, go ahead and buy it. It is solid overall."
76561198008058725,Recommended,219990,21476747,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,dashi342,"I was a huge fan of Titan Quest, and this game harkens back to that game quite well. I enjoy it more than Diablo 3. You can tell it was crafted with love and care. All the classes are fun to play and the world is interesting and well-crafted. You should buy this."
,Recommended,219990,23225394,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Fracture64,"A very good ARPG in general and excellent successor to Titan Quest.It partially fixes my main gripe with Titan Quest - no random maps. I'm absolutely loathe Greece after replaying it so many times and I usually become bored before I reach Egypt. While maps in Grim Dawn also not random they have random roadblocks so it doesn't feel as repetitive.While I didn't complete it yet, I have about 75 hours of playtime (I levelled few characters till various ""ends"" when game was in Early Access) and I'm still enjoying it.And don't forget what it got proper mod tools about month ago, so it probably will have lengthy post release life."
76561197970934684,Recommended,219990,18453400,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Aetrion,"By far one of the best action RPGs I've played in recent years, and one of the best early access products on steam. Nothing about this game is really revolutionary, it just does exactly what you want it to do and does it well.The setting is interesting, as this game seems to take place in some kind of steampunk world after it has been invaded by lovecraftian old gods, and humans struggle to survive against the tide of horrors.All the swords, guns and spells in this game feel extremely satisfying and impactful to use. That may not seem like its very important, but this kind of game just feels so much better when every hit comes with a nice big crunch."
76561198043558521,Recommended,219990,21547241,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Danny,BEST GAME OF THE YEAR 2016 ?   Thanks to the producer !  I am very impress and was waiting for a game like this for awhile now.  thanks thanks thanks!
76561198031348391,Recommended,219990,21502573,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,in your FACE,"Very good and solid Action RPG. If you like Path of Exile, or want to do someting a bit more challenging than Diablo 3, this is the game for you! Also, for this price? Just try it! 8/10"
,Recommended,219990,18937597,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,uKinkyThing™,Awesome RPG that is just like Titan Quest.
76561197961140460,Recommended,219990,22690147,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Nighthawk46,Grim Dawn is set in the war torn world of Cairn and is easily one of the best arpgs I have seen in years having been developed by Crate Entertainment an indie company formed with some of the talented devs of Titan Quest. Crate was able to gain rights to the Titan Quest engine and began developing Grim Dawn which in my opinion is a worthy successor. While Grim Dawn does take inspiration from fan favorites such as the diablo series Torchlight series and Path of exile it introduces it's own unique ideas to these systems as well. Some of the things enjoy are.The Dual Class System:Having been developed by some of the people that worked on Titan Quest one of the core features that i really enjoyed about Titan Quest makes a welcome return here in the dual class system. Upon entering the game you can create a Male or Female classless hero at level 2 you will have the ability to pick one of 6 class trees.SolderDemolitionistshamanarchanistnightbladeoccultistyou can further flesh out your class at level 10 by combining a second of these trees. This combined with all the items that grant skills and augments to skills makes for some deep customization options which is one of the things i enjoy about rpgs in general.The devotion system:while it is apparent that this system takes inspiration from Path of exile's massive skill tree the devotion system in Grim Dawn is quite unique in that you have to go exploring throughout the would to find shrines which need to be cleansed. once cleansed you will gain devotion points which can be spent in a constellation map to augment your skills.Open world:Cairn  is a huge open world providing hours of fun content to delve into quests some with consequences /lore/Factions/Bounties/Dungeons there is allot to do in Grim Dawn and Crate have already confirmed they will be adding more content updates and full expansionsComponent system:The component system works similar to the gem socket system present in other games in the genre. The difference here is that instead of having  gems and socketable items Grim Dawn has different components that can be added to any tier of item. Some of these components can really improve your build by having skills tied to them. For example I have a character that has a lodestone socketed into my offhand this item grants a lightning nova skill and to take that even further I have tied the lightning nova skill from the lodestone to the scorpion sting ability in the devotion system which adds an aoe poison to the lightning nova.There are tons of components for every gear type and you can combine these components to make more powerful ones. While I do enjoy this system it is not without it's flaws the biggest one being that if i want to modify or remove an item from a piece of gear I can do that  by way of the Inventor's apprentice however you can only keep one or the other the component item or the piece of gear. This can make the decision to salvage quite difficult if both items provide significant additions to a build.The Loot:Loot in Grim Dawn like other titles comes in different tier types Common/Magic/Rare/Epic and Legendary. What makes the loot different from other arpgs is the fact that like the component system some items can augment existing skills even after you have maxed them out on the skill tree or like the lodestone mentioned in the component section some loot can have specific skills tied to the item. This really makes for a unique customization experience.The Inventory system:While the inventory system is in many ways no different any other arpg out there there are a few things that are worth mentioning about the system in Grim Dawn such as quests that give bag upgrades for rewards a button that automatically combines components and my personal favorite and something that everyone has been asking for in several games of the genre. an AUTO SORT BUTTON!!! for those of us who hate playing inventory tetris. The stash system is also really well done as it has a character specific tab and an item transfer tab. The item transfer area can be upgraded to have more tabs within it as well so there really is no shortage of space.Questing and Lore:Quests in Grim Dawn come in many forms. Some quests unlock vendors and crafting abilities some have choices and consequences. For example maybe there are 2 warring factions in the game if you choose to help one you will become enemies with the other. These kinds of choices make for a rich questing experience. while exploring the world you will find tons of pages and notes on the areas that you are exploring I have always been a fan of finding lore in these types of games and there is no shortage of that here.Crafting:Crafting in Grim Dawn borrows some of the ideas from Diablo 3's artisan system they have blueprints that you can find through out the world to increase the list of items available to craft. You can craft components and potions to give you extra damage or resistance fore specific monster type as well but the thing that stands out to me is the ability to craft relics these relics like other loot in the game can ultimately change your play style for example you might have a character such as the demolitionist that uses pistols but can't dual wield them no problem you can craft the gunslingers talisman equip it and you have your ability to dual wield pistols.Factions:While exploring the world of Cairn you will encounter different factions and settlements that will have their own set of bounties and quests for you to do. These factions have quartermasters which are merchants that sell items specific to that faction depending on how high your friendly reputation is with them. As stated before in the quest section some factions are at war with each other so helping one faction may and in come cases will in definitely either damage or completely ruin your reputation with certain factions. If your reputation gets significantly low with a faction they will spawn more elites and nemesis monsters to hunt you down. This in my opinion makes for a very engaging exploration experience.Single/Multiplayer modes with server browser:Grim Dawn features the ability to play your characters in both single and multiplayer modes. the multi player is easy to use the host options are quite good due to the fact that you can host a game for up to 4 players and because the game features a server browser rather than an account based system the player hosting the game  can easily customize the number of players allowed in the server weather there is instanced loot and even put a password on servers so that only friends can join this is somthing i wish all games like this had.The Cons:While I really Enjoy Grim Dawn I do have one minor complaint. I wold love for there to be more voice acting especially since there is literally tons of lore notes in the game and being a person that has some visual difficulties reading a whole bunch of text does tend to put allot of strain on my eyes so having audio to listen to is a big help but I also understand that they are an indie team and are only able to work with that they have and this grype aside they have made a fantastic rpg.Final Verdict:If your looking for a new action rpg title to dig into Than Grim Dawn will not disappoint. It has something for new comers and old veterans of the genre alike. It is a great value and well worth the asking price and i highly recommend this so i am going to give Grim Dawn a 9 out of 10.
,Recommended,219990,25612153,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Plowbeast,"Pros:+ Game rewards you for exploring and customising character instead of punishing+ Well done GUI, random generation, recipes, and tools for smooth leveling or looting+ Good variety of monsters and enemy tactics (No endless recolored enemies)+ Just the right amount of plot, atmosphere, and expositionCons:- Graphics may not always be appealing and some mild frame stutter- Heavy randomness mean that your character WILL die and WILL miss its attacksIf you want a solid action RPG that just flows without being too superficial, this is probably the best I've played in five years.  A bit deeper than Torchlight but much better gameplay than other RPGs with a large variety of build options, you should be able to enjoy multiple playthroughs."
76561197968741718,Recommended,219990,30767162,Posted: 26 March,all,Lolzibar,"Loot, popables all over, great inventory, decent size,solid depth,more loots,doulbe class, every part of the map has something of value, secret rooms and the best of all Soiled Trousershttp://grimdawn.wikia.com/wiki/Soiled_TrousersVery NIce!"
76561198028586079,Recommended,219990,33169292,Posted: 2 July,all,Medic-Named-Hope,"Would give up sleep again.  A little vague in the beginning, easy to get lost due to the TINY mini-map, but overall a great hack and slash game."
,Recommended,219990,21535359,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,cpt cannibal,"This summer (2016) we will celebrate the 10 year anniversary of Titan Quest.  It's expansion, Immortal Throne (2007) shored up many of the game's weak points and cemented it's place near the top of the heap in the action-RPG genre.Say what you will about other games since, there are positives and negatives with all of them, but almost a decade after the original TQ launch we FINALLY have a worthy contender.Created by former members of the Titan Quest team, running on the (modified) Titan Quest engine, this game feels like what many WANTED from Diablo 3.  (To be fair, while D3 launched as a mess and has since been turned into a quite enjoyable experience, it is still very far from perfect.)So, let's take a look at Grim Dawn:Fun and enjoyable combat?  Check.Grim (had to) setting?  CheckOnline co-op?  CheckOffline Singleplayer?  CheckOfficially supported modding?  CheckController support?  CheckIntricate skill system with stat points to allocate?  Tons of shiny loot?  Well-crafted world?  Great art direction?  Impressive music and ambient sounds?  GREAT GAME??  CHECK!!!"
,Recommended,219990,19955349,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BladeOfKitta,"Some of the team from Titan Quest have done it again!  Spiritual successor,  to be sure. More fast paced, yep! Story, great! Only small gripe is I wish everyone was fully voiced. Other than that you can't ask for more in an ARPG. I'd gladly pay more for this one to get the expansion. Hell, if I could, I'd buy a backer set even now to upgrade to it before it comes out! Buy this game. youll thank me later!"
,Recommended,219990,21540117,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DezertPunK,"Others have reviewed Grim Dawn better than I could but I still need to put in my two cents.This is Early Access done right!The amount of work Crate did balancing this game is amazing. Grim Dawn is probably the 1st game since patching became bigger than The Beatles to not have the gaming community up in arms about balence issues while still managing to have depth beyond the character sheet math.(This team deserves a lot of credit, I've had more fun shooting & torching zeds in Grim Dawn than any FPS to date!)- Updated after 60hrs -"
76561198020203530,Recommended,219990,21450165,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Proffessor,"This game is downright amazing, I have so much good to say about this game . Its worth every penny times 10. I have about a thousand hours offline and plenty online. I still have not played every combination of classes. From vast unique game styles this game is not like other games. You can literally do what ever you want and play how ever you want. Please check this game out. Its incredible"
76561198011263543,Recommended,219990,21450409,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SurgeOfDestiny \[T]/,"This game is great. Not only are the Developers fully involved, But the game plays great, Has loads of content, and more coming. It feels like a cross of Dungeon Seige and Diablo 2 with some titan quest in there. Seriously. If you are a fan of ARPG games. Play this.Edit:  I am updating my review as the game launched today. It has been a long road of early access and Grim dawn is better than ever. If you were waiting for the game to launch then dont hesitate. This is a near perfect ARPG and should be given your time."
,Recommended,219990,21468286,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ol' Pocket Turtles,"Only have a little time invested in it so far but I can tell this is gonna be my new RPG. it plays like D2 and feels like a Buldar's Gate adventure. Huge maps, an insane amount of items, skills, and spells are going to be what brings people back.This is a wonderfully crafted ARPG and I couldnt recommend it more. Yes, it has a few things to work out still (the multiplayer is buggy and the server list doesnt even work, to the best of my knowledge.) but it's deffinately worth your time and money.Gotta play more / 10EDIT #1: lobby finder is up and running. +1EDIT #2: OK. so now I've put a few more hours in and its absolutly amazing. i feel like there could be more to it, but that's what EXPANSIONS are for. Between the constant little tweaks and  how active Crate is in the community, this game has a bright future on Steam, and hopefully your Games Library.9.9/10 still hoping for a Random Dungeon Generator / Boss Rush / Endless mode. The game doesn't NEED them, but it would certianly help with the life of the gameEDIT #3: They added Endless mode. 10/10 Fingerguns"
,Recommended,219990,21681133,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,BlackThunda,"Brings back that diablo 2 feel with sleek new graphics. Definitely worth the money, gonna sink a ton of time into this game. Good job devs :)"
76561198040770306,Recommended,219990,33091130,Posted: 1 July,all,Lynx,"Good:1) Dark atmosphere2) Decent crafting system3) Satisfying ragdoll system4) Class combination system5) Level exploration. Rogue-like dungeon, hidden path, baldur alike quests.6) Music. But variety is not enough. And sometimes there is just no background music at all.Bad:1) No stats reset. Maybe a good feature in the past but not really user-friendly now.2) Game experience is heavily based on your build. Melee class like soldier is not recommended for beginner because playing as soldier is tired and slow. One has to google a lot about the builds before he starts the game otherwise would waste a lot of time. The game should have something like build recommendation.3) Story not appealing.4) Level art variation not enough. Levels of the same terrain continue for long time before the next style appears.Last, Crucible Mode DLC highly recommended. Easy level-up and gear accquirement.Considering the developers' number might be even smaller than Blz's art team, I give 9/10."
,Recommended,219990,11187214,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,buzz001,"I was bored with what I was currently playing and this was on my wish list because of the connection with Titan Quest, so I bought it. I have'nt stopped playing, for an early access game it is well polished and richly detailed. I can't wait for more content."
76561198034342020,Recommended,219990,14992040,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Kaim,Best Action RPG in a long time for me. 10/10
,Recommended,219990,14503886,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,blindserialkiller,FANTASTIC!
76561198017107138,Recommended,219990,11308069,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,madaje7117,"I had been keeping an eye on this refusing the buy early access games anymore with being burned on too many of them. During the summer sale the price was too good for me to pass it up.Most companies would have sold this game as finished already. For example while I really liked Banner Saga and would recommend that game it was really short and it seemed to me it was released earlier than it should have been with the ending just leaving you hanging. If they come out with a sequel it should have just been a continuation of the original game instead of a seperate game. If they don't..... well let me just say it is one of the worst game endings ever. Worse than Mass Effect 3 IMO.It speaks volumes on how the company is more worried about the product than the money they are getting. Both matter, but few realize that if you have one then the other will follow. These days were are lucky if a game works in the first place. Personally I would rather support companies like this than the others out there.All 4 classes are fun to play and actually you can make 7 different classes based on combinations of the 4 types with them letting you choose to go into another tree at level 10.The music on the game is either great or kind of annoying. I wish I could choose wish tracks I listen to, but overall it's better with the music than without.There are actually some choices you can make in the game. I wonder how much the difference is based on those choices. I'm playing through with a couple of other characters to see how much the differences are. It will be interesting to see. Most of these hack and slash have no choices involved in them.In most of these games when it comes it to the story I just click through it and want to get past the yada yada and get to the action. In this game I actually want to read the story, which is very unusual for me. I mean World of Warcraft Lore to me is unknown. Ask my brother and he can answer most questions you would ask him about it. I once asked how he knew. He answered oh I read everything about the quest when I do them. I was like .... oh .... I just play....    When I find a piece of the story in this game I try to find a place that is safe to read it. Forgetting... oh yah I could have gone to town to read this safely."
,Recommended,219990,11325910,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Stupid Sexy Saltzpyre | trade.tf,"I'd been looking for a good hack & slash since D2. D3 was visually great but the grind to level cap was quick, and getting the best gear for that level was tedious and boring. Torchlight II had some potential but with only 4 classes, and essentially the same quests every playthrough burned out its playability fast. If you've had similar frustrations, Grim Dawn is a great replacement to the prior two titles I mentioned. I'm writing this July 19th, and they've yet to release multiplayer in 'late July', but with just the single player its great so far.-----------------------------------------------3/30/15There's 3 acts now that can take a day or two to complete once you get some experience with the game, but first playthroughs will be satisfyingly long. I'm not sure how long they plan on making it, but there's definitely an act 4 in the works.They also finished the 5th class, which makes for 10 possible combinations of 2, plus just going pure one class builds makes for 15 setups for a charcter. With near endless skill combinations, you won't often see similar builds to your own.Combat is actually punishing on Veteran difficulty. Unlike D3 where an elite's random mix of skills can devistate you but the game is otherwise a breeze, GD's mobs have some base skills that can overwhelm you with immobilizations, debuffs, and various protections that make them durable.Multiplayer is great, I had some hold ups getting LAN to work, but seems they fixed in during the recent 5 month break I took from the game."
,Recommended,219990,13675830,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Cambin,"If you enjoyed Titan Quest (or more commonly, even Diablo II), this is a great Early Access game that follows along that theme. The story, while not complete, will keep you busy enough as the development process continues. The classes that I've tried feel interesting and powerful. Loot starts to get interesting as you progress as well.If you're not scared of the Early Access tag, which in this case you shouldn't be, I would gladly recommend Grim Dawn for fans of the above."
,Recommended,219990,14796773,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Scallawag,"**Early Access, bear this in mind!**Okay with that nonsense out of the way, Grim Dawn is the post apocalyptic stepchild of the fantastic Titan Quest/Immortal Throne. A lot of the same gameplay mechanics are in place and the small developer team are constantly adding new content and making adjustments based on feedback. If you like ARPGs and especially if you enjoyed TQIT I'd definitely recommend Grim Dawn. Not going to go into too much detail about it as I honeslty haven't had the time to spend with that I'd like over the last few months, just know that as with any early access titles there will be build that might break some aspect of the game and features are added and dropped as they work on polishing it. I paid $30 for this not long after release and for the discounted price I can't recommend it enough. Enjoy."
,Recommended,219990,12893996,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Nazgul,"Really good 'sequal' to Titan Quest. Well though out, great loot in a different setting to your usual ARPG.**2nd full release edit at bottom of review****EDIT**I took a break from this game for about 9 months. There were only 4 classes when I left and the first 2 sections of the game. Upon my return I've found a more richly detailed game with greater depth thanks to the new faction mechanics, expanded crafting and larger game area.OVERVIEWI haven't actually got to where I left with my new Shaman yet but that doesn't matter. I guess that if your reading this you've played Titan Quest, DIablo 1,2 & 3, Torchlight etc. and are wondering how Grim Dawn stacks up against these?The answer is extremely well (imho). Don't be expecting an easy toe to toe, ledgendary heavy loot-fest like Diablo. GD's bosses can be really hard and even with the best built chars you'll often have to run away and return to kill them. Spamming health potions won't help you. I think people have lost their way with this genre (both players and developers) but in my mind GD will but it back on the right track.QUESTINGIt's the standard fayre of getting missions, completing them and handing them in for rewards. However, there's no flashing beacons on the map, no arrows pointing you in the right direction and no, your Mum doesn't spawn to hold your hand. You'll have to pay close attention to the directions of the NPCs. This is a little difficult when you first play as you have no idea where you're going but that is NOT a bad point as it only encourages exploration.Exploration is really worthwhile as you often find a well secreted dungeon or ruin with some good mobs and stash of loot where you were least expecting it. There's also some areas that you'll need to revisit once you have the proper tools to gain access too.LOOTThe main reason we play ARPG games right? Quest rewards are like a Siberian soup; thin and under nourishing. Again, this forces you to explore and sweep the map clean like a Biblical hoovering of fire and brimstone. That said, I find the quest rewards serve the main purpose of gaining faction favour which in it's own right grants access to special rewards of its own.As mentioned above this isn't the item hoarding certain racial group loot trawl that goes on in D3. Crate have explicitly stated they want you to engage in traditional 'runs' as only the best loot will drop from bosses etc. This means that you have to re-play. There is no tailored drops so you might get set items for another class and it may take a long time to get all the pieces for you current character.This brings back the value of loot, which was wiped off the map by D3. Those ledgendary and set items are exactly that; items you invested the time to track down and collect. They mean something here. Remeber the feeling of getting one of those ridiculous runes in D2? The ones that had a one in a billion chance of dropping? Imagine that but not quite as bad.CONCLUSIONGD can be hard. The number of different damage types could put you off, but don't let it. Thrive on the challenge. Stop being spoonfed and when your♥♥♥♥♥♥gets handed to you, rise to your feet once more re-think your strategy and charge!This is what makes the game a lot of fun. Sure, dying a lot can be frustrating but you just need to think around the issue. There is a ton of replayability here in a well thought out setting with plenty of scope for expansion. THe core game systems can seem a bit complex at first but stick with it and it will click.If you have £18 (or whatever it is in your money) to spare this is definitely worth the coin. Well done Crate Entertainment.**Full Release Edit**Now this game is in full release I'd just like to further impress upon anyone reading this that Crate have done an amazing job on this game. Sure it took 5 + years to get to its current state but don't forget there are only about 8 full time employees at this company!! What they have achieved is f'king brilliant.In much the same way that Path Of Exile changed the genre with its generous free to play ethic, Grim Dawn is also re-railing the ARPG. The graphics have been tweaked to be more detailed in the final release and certain areas have been totally re-designed for the better. The game feels a lot better balanced now and more focused to me. With crafting and factions and the devotion system there is a ton of juicy skills and levelling to be done which will leave you wiping residue from your loot chin for months to come.Grim Dawn makes DIablo 3 look very very badly executed. Above al though the full release is a massively fun game and that is why you should support Crate and invest some of your life into this game. 9.5/10"
76561198045042116,Recommended,219990,12971896,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,gyadarun,"Awesome game, very very promising alpha version.If you enjoy Hack&Slash you should enjoy this one by the creators of Titan Quest."
,Recommended,219990,13842077,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,kazereal,"It's a decent hack&slash (version 0.3.1.2, build 23 at the moment).Graphics are detailed, there's enough depth in character customization and so on.Developers have pretty good knowledge of the genre it seems so this can get pretty good as development progresses.Already pretty promising so far.Recommended for fans of the genre."
76561198053342973,Recommended,219990,13909499,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,GhostDemon,"************ EDITED REVIEW *************Alright so since I last reviewed this game I spoke about the similarities between this game and its counter part. Titan Quest. These two games are very similar however Grim Dawn has taken what was a great concept in Titan Quest and made it even better. There are 6 Classes to play now. All can be combined with each other to give you a unique playing experience that fits your profile. Would it be nice if there were a few more masteries? Sure. But right now the game in my eyes is perfect.Grim Dawn has a great story so I wont include any spoilers. One of the few games that I really enjoy playing that gives you the ability to make decisions on who to save, or who to kill. These decisions can either help you if you help them or it can hurt you.Factions. Just like in many RPG games there are factions. Good ones, and bad ones. In Grim Dawn Reputation Factions are of major importance as they provide you with decent high level gear, and Augments that can enchant your gear with various additional damage types or resistances.Act Three was recently released a few months back and I have to say just like Act 1 and Act 2. Act 3 is really good, and it keeps me on the edge of my seat waiting for them to release Act 4 and hopefully the rest of the game.Ive owned Grim Dawn for a little over a year now and I have to tell you, Everyday I have played this game I get addicted more and more.Do I recommend this game? You bet your♥♥♥♥♥I do. If you want a damn good game where you can get lost for hours and even more with friends. Buy it. What are you waiting for Cupcake, hit that buy button and enjoy the epic experience that is Grim Dawn."
,Recommended,219990,14426299,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Tourney,"I was sceptical at first, but found that Grim Dawn is solid game. The customization alone was enough to impressed me and with 6 unique characters made I still find myself thinking of new builds to create. Aside from that, the game is no pushover. Even after a couple runs through the game I find that if I'm not careful I'll die to the most obsurd things. I really have a lot fun playing and eager for new content to be released. It deserses a perfect score."
,Recommended,219990,12149730,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Rar,"Amazing game, can't wait for future updates!"
,Recommended,219990,14221167,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,S.T.A.R.S,Great RPG fun. Must but for RPG fans.
76561198053670744,Recommended,219990,31491825,Posted: 1 May,all,Dennizon,"This is a truly fantastic game for anyone who loved Diablo 2 and Titan Quest.  While I rarely write reviews, and you can read many more useful ones than this below, I wanted to contribute to the positive numbers of reviews so that this game will continue to develop.  I even bought the useless loyalist package on Steam to support the developers.In this game you can expect to find fantastic class options, loads of customizable skills, great isometric style graphics, atmospheric music, a great loot system reminiscent of Diablo 2, hidden areas to discover that are cleverly concealed on the map, and a decent storyline that has enough background lore and open ends to allow for lots of future, additional content.  There is currently a new expansion in the works, and hopefully the developers will continue to add to this game over the coming years, rather than embark on a new project, because the only bad thing about Grim Dawn is that it comes to an end.If you like ARPGs, then this is the  best of those games on the market right now, hands down; Diablo 3 does not even come close."
76561198093253279,Recommended,219990,20945748,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,clocutron,"According to Steam, I have 19.2 hours on record for this game and I have to say I'm loving every bit of it.  Crate has done a fantastic job with this game, crafting a truly unique and memorable RPG.So far, I feel that the main storyline and sidequests are quite engaging, there is plenty of variety of enemies and environments, and a vast array of weapons, equipment, and enhancements.  Character-building is very satisfying with many choices in the skill trees of the six masteries, including the ability to multi-class.  Character progression seems fair and balanced and, while I generally enjoy farming for XP and loot, I've found that there is plenty just by thoroughly exploring the map - I have not had to do any dedicated grinding to find decent items and gain enough experience to continue through the game.  There have been a few challenging battles while not being frustratingly difficult and there are always rewards to match the difficulty of an enemy.  Overall, I feel that Grim Dawn is a fantastic action RPG and well worth the $25 price tag.I have found a couple of minor negatives though.  Even after 19 hours, I still feel like the movement control is a bit strange, especially in that the character can be a little slow to respond to mouse clicks.  I also have a bit of an issue with money.  Common items are worth almost nothing and even magic items are worth very little meaning you can fill your inventory many times and still not have enough iron to buy anything.  Nearly all of the worthwhile items at vendors are vastly out of range in price and, when you do manage to buy something, the resale value is virtually nothing.  Finally, my biggest complaint about the game is the music.  I generally find the soundtrack to be quite bad - very often slow and somber, even downright depressing.  I would prefer for the music to convey a sense of adventure commernsurate with other aspects of the game.Music aside, the sound effects are really good.  Graphically, the game is absolutely beautiful.  I don't have a good enough graphics card for high settings yet it still looks fantastic.  The game runs well on my modest machine - I've not had any freezes, crashes, or other glitchy behavior.  Loading seems a bit slow but that's probably dependent on my computer, not an issue of the game itself.  Even though it's technically still in Early Access, the game seems fully polished and I have not noticed any evidence of it not being a complete, ready-for-retail game.Overall, this is an excellent game and is well worth the asking price.  I highly recommend Grim Dawn to any fan of action RPGs."
76561198008012572,Recommended,219990,13798975,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,mrtwinn,"In the grim, dark, grim darkness of Grim Dawn, you will slaughter enemies in their hundreds and thousands with chainaxes and semi-automatic muskets until you get eaten by a boss monster.If that sounds negative, it isn't. The folks behind Grim Dawn also produced Titan Quest almost a decade ago- anybody who plays both of them will see obvious parallels, right down to individual powers and skills- and know exactly what they want to offer. This is a straightforward hack'n'slash: you see something moving that isn't you, you click on it and hit hotkeys (and occasionally run away until you can drink another health potion) until the critter dies in a spray of bloody gibs, then you rinse and repeat. The formula's as old as the original Diablo, but Grim Dawn provides enough character-building options that it feels fresh. Monsters are fairly straightforward- you've got slow melee, fast melee, shooters, shooters with some area effect, some immobilization, boss versions of each type, etc. They're mixed together enough to provide some interesting tactical challenges.What else? As mentioned above, the setting employs copious amounts of Grimdark(TM): 19th Century weaponry made out of junkyard materials, armour alternatively borrowed from The Road Warrior and a Victorian costume shop, abandoned and burnt-out buildings, spiky axes made for a steampunk serial killer, you get the idea. Goes well with the gameplay. Buy it and kill stuff, or don't buy it and don't kill stuff (unless you're playing another game that also entails killing stuff.)"
76561198027292052,Recommended,219990,15013759,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,morelius,"I simply love this game. It's Diablo done right. Great characters, interesting story and for an early access game, allowing me to enjoy almost 50 hours of game, that's amazing.Great and fun gameplay, great visuals and surprisingly good sound effects and mix.Thanks for a great game so far devs! Looking forward to give it another go as soon as more content is available.Get it and enjoy it!"
76561198036732474,Recommended,219990,11332555,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,abetow2531,If you're an ARPG'er than I would buy this game.  This game is going to be a hit when development is finished..  I've been playing for a while and I'm a Lvl 12 soilder and this game ROCKS!!!!!!!  I'm looking forward to the finished product and the expansions!!!  For a small development team they do an awesome job with the builds.
,Recommended,219990,12093575,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Ambulism,"The idea of an open world dungeon crawler like this is a little bit intimidating. However, it's 100x easier in multiplayer to cover all of the ground that needs to be covered. I mean, even diablo's maps bottle-necked after an area. But I do find myself getting frequently exhausted between opening the map and going back to areas I missed. The mini-map doesn't exactly let you know if you've been there or not.Other than that, this game is actually fantastic. The whole concept is thrilling. It's as if Titan Quest and Diablo II had a cute little post zombie apocalypse baby. There are a few things that bug me, but they're seriously miniscule and don't even matter.1. The map doesn't bottle-neck ( I know I already covered that. This is for the lists sake)2. Not a whole lot of variety in color. I realize that ""Post-Apocalypse"" ultimately makes you think of brown and grey. But not EVERYTHING has to be one of those two colors, you know? It makes every area look some-what the same. Dull and un-vibrant.3. None of the characters have voices, which is a shame because they would be fantastic with voices. A voice is what makes a character truly memorable. When I say ""Decard Cain"" you know exactly who I'm talking about. He probably has one of the most memorable voices in gaming. Other than perhaps Sheogorath from Oblivion.Anyway, think about getting some voice actors, and turn up the contrast on the new areas! Those are my two tips :3If you read this all the way down to the bottom. I love you."
76561197996950776,Recommended,219990,13513806,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,baby jesus,Easily my favorite early access game.A must have for fans of action RPG's
76561198136577904,Recommended,219990,15071585,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,starvingAFR0can,Fallout meats Diablo. Nuf said
76561197960514899,Recommended,219990,21273812,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mindless,"Haven't logged that many hours in the game yet since I recently started playing it again. Bought the game 1½ years back or so when it was still a bit rough around the edges and the game world, skill system and other things weren't as fleshed out as they are now. Back then me and my brother teamed up in multiplayer and hacked our way up to lvl45 and killed the then final boss (Act 3) and we had a blast with it. It was the Diablo 2 and Titan Quest sequel that we hoped for but never got, a game that you wanted to pour absurd amount of hours into because of how fun it is.Despite being an early access game (even back then) it was way more polished than many other games you see get official releases today.Now that Grim Dawn is ""content complete"" (all content is in the game) and for the most part finished, pending some balance / polishing it was time to give it another shot.I rolled with a Soldier / Demolitionist (Commando) combo and my brother Shaman / Arcanist (Druid). We've been having an absolute blast. I tank♥♥♥♥♥♥with Fire Retaliation damage and he blows stuff up with Cold and Lightning damage.The game is way more polished then it was back then. New items, new mechanics, whole new skill tree (Devotion) that adds another dimension to your character customization. Every time we play it's a blast, everything from cool enviroments to cool monsters and awesome bosses. Plus the game provides a reasonable challenge at Veteran difficulty during your first playthrough.Pros:-Big game world, likely 30+ hours if you clean the map of monsters.-Huge class diversity / customization (without being overcomplicated).-Polished gameplay with great feel and impact.-Great visuals with tons of cool spell effects, monsters and so on.-Tons of cool unique items that make you want to test crazy builds.Cons:-Multiplayer can be choppy at times and sometimes players can get out of synch.-Searching for servers multiple times in the menu can sometimes make the game crash / not respond.So, what are you waiting for, go buy what is objectively speaking the spiritual successor of Titan Quest and all of its awesomeness. Undoubtedly a future classic that people will play and love for hundreds of hours and come back to in years to come."
76561197993615104,Recommended,219990,13015801,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,"Goose Whimsey, PhD","A dark, atmospheric Action RPG. It has a lot of customization, a lot of potential, and its a lot of fun. One of the better early access games at the moment, and you can see the developer behind it has a lot of passion for this project, and keeps putting a lot of work, content, and polish in it with each update."
,Recommended,219990,14440193,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Chronic Complainer Reviews,"This is a great hack n slash aRPG with both single and multiplayer functionality. THe game is still very far into its infancy but what s already in the game so far is amazing to see and experience. The skill tree system and dual classing adds some variety to building your character and personalizing it as you see fit. Components are another way to further personalize your gear for your needs which can add various stats to weapons armors and accessories. Currently the story is incomplete but give it a few more months and the rest of the main story should be complete. Legendary items also are not in the game yet but once the level caps are raised and these are introduced even more personalization will be available. Each class has its place and any combination of the classes is viable. You could even choose to fully spec into a single character rather than invest into 2 classes.  Another cool feature is hidden areas that do not show up on the map. It is always nice to find one of these especially if its one no one else has found yet. Steps of Torment is currently the hardest content in the game and is quite a challenge. It took me nearly 200 hrs to be able to complete it. As such as more content is added, level caps are raised, and harder difficulty modes are added there will be plenty of replayability in the game to last you quite a long time. As such this is a great game to invest your money in if you love aRPG's and want to get the most out of your money. It may not be a complete game but when it is complete you will not regret spending a single cent on this game.8/10"
,Recommended,219990,12607014,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,david.a.hood,"Lovely little game, like Diablo 2 with a gritty, post-apocalyptic feel to it."
,Recommended,219990,16653862,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dj El Marriachi,"This is what an Arpg should be like. Played most of them incl Torchlight 2, Diablo 3, Sacred, Path of Exile and of course Titan quest. but this is probably the one i'm going to keep playing the most for years to come.at this point it's still early acces, but has tons of content. I'm 41 hours in on my first char and haven't even finished the content yet. It's got meaty combat, interesting skill trees and a very satisfying loot and crafting system. And it doesn't even have the legendaries and other systems in yet.It has a few bugs here and there and it really needs some optimization, but they already said they will work on that when the full release is near.I honestly feel bad for buying this game during a steamsale. Because its pricetag now is already very cheap for what you get. This small indie team deserves more.*small update after the latest patch which made the game content-complete as per 24/12/15*What can i say? They nailed it. For me this game is the perfect mix between Diablo 2 and Titan Quest. GD might start off a little slow, but if you really love arpg's you will make a click once the game opens up and shows you all it has to offer. It's really really good and i know i'll be playing this for years.*even smaller update""It's been officially launched now and they definately got the performance optimized a lot.Even on my semi-crappy GT 635M card it runs pretty well on medium settings.I still stand by my first comment that this is the arpg i have been waiting for. I'll be playing this for years. Most addictive stuff ever! No it doesn't have the nice animations and polish of Diablo 3, but every other system in the game is better than Diablo 3. And trust me, after 500 hours of Diablo 3, i know. I see some negative reviews expecting a Diablo 3 clone, please people, watch some playthroughs or reviews on youtube. This is more like an oldschool Arpg, Which doesn't mean it feels dated in any way. It doesn't... at all."
,Recommended,219990,11016280,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Clawdius,"Grim Dawn is easily the most entertaining ARPG I've played since Titan's Quest, Crate has taken that engine and polished the solid mechanics of TQ until they shined and used them as the base for this story of a world in the throes of an apocalypse. Path of Exile came close to striking the right notes, but high end hardcore play was impossible for those without stellar internet connections due to constant desync issues that would lead to you being killed by invisible monsters. For the asking price PoE was a great game, but Grim Dawn feels like a title that will go a long way toward scratching that ARPG itch better than any ARPG did for me in recent memory.The game, at this point (early July 2014) only has two of its three chapters implemented and lacks multiplayer functionality at the moment. Multiplayer should be coming soon, and not long after the final chapter of an entertaining story will unfold. If you're a big fan of ARPGs but lately products like Torchlight 2 have lacked j'en sais quoi, Grim Dawn may be just what you're after.Also, you get to shoot monsters in the face with muskets, and who doesn't love that?"
,Recommended,219990,11333998,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,VeriDF,"One of the best ARPG games I've actually played for a while. Diablos 2's true heir. Next patch looks tremendeously promising, with Multiplayer and a new Class. You MUST BUY it if you ENJOYED Titan Quest and/or Diablo 2."
76561198066395015,Recommended,219990,12757269,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,CrimzonRazor,"Very polished and deep ARPG, its clear that this is from the same minds that brought us Titan Quest. Great combat system with a skill system very much like Titan Quest. Beautiful gore blood sprays and splats, wood splinters and cracks all drawing you into a dark and dangerous world. Arpg's are all about the loot and this game already has loot galore. Only the first two acts are in the game at this time and they can easily keep you hooked for a few hundred hours collecting loot and trying the different classes mixed together. That’s right you can mix match any of the classes together for some crazy combo's Titan Quest players will feel right at home with this. This game is already very well done and its still in development if you love argp's do yourself and the developer a favor and buy this game you will not regret it. They listen to their player base and you can tell by their updates that tend to hit on what the players want. They have polls on their site so you can vote on things going into the game. The charm and fun you get from this game is a true pleasure that every gamer should be part of. This is easily one of the best early access games out there and gives you a solid game to play from the time you install it."
,Recommended,219990,12963457,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Skyclaw,"So before I even get started, at the time of this review, this game is in early access. THAT MEANS IT AIN'T DONE YET! So just bear that in mind. Now, that being said, this game actually has a bit of a pedigree behind it. This game is a dungeon-crawling, action based rpg much in the vein of Diablo, Path of Exile, etc. Now if you've seen any game footage of Grim Dawn already, you may be thinking ""Hmm, this gameplay and talent interface sure seems familiar"". Well there is in fact a reason for that. A few years back, there was an action rpg based very much in ancient mythology called ""Titan Quest"". Several of the original developers from TQ are now working on this game. Much like Titan Quest, this game has what I would describe as a ""Hybrid"" class system. Meaning your character starts as a blank slate, then after your first few levels you get to choose your class specialization. A few more levels down the line, however, you get to pick ANOTHER talent specialization, merging the two into a hybrid class (ex: If you start as an Occultist, and then merge it with Demolitionist, you will become a Pyromancer).The game also has a unique blend of dark age/black powder technology with a sort of Grim, Victorian aesthetic, which I personally really dig. Although the game still isn't technichally finished, I feel I can safely recommend it seeing as the developers behind it have some credible history in the genre, and the game still feels functional in its current state."
,Recommended,219990,16515507,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Reasonableman,"Grim Dawn is effectively a grimmer, darker, dawn-ier version of Titan Quest by the same team. As action RPG's go, it feels slightly dated as a consequence; they're using the same engine, after all. It's still not finished, but it still adheres to the potion-munching style of its indirect predecessor, a type of hack'n'slash I don't really care for personally. It's pretty difficult. If that's your thing, either go for it if you can handle the unfinished story, or wait it out until the game's done. 3/5"
,Recommended,219990,14440209,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,GoddoJJ,"If you're a fan of Diablo esc. games like Path of Exile etc. this is a must buy. I know it's early access, but damn did I have fun. Only played 3 hours but it will turn into maybe hundreds of hours.Dual classes, quest decisions, great music, explosive combat and lots of blood."
76561198051170377,Recommended,219990,17590944,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Tsal Vlaxitov,"I liked Titan Quest.This is more fun to play than Titan Quest.It might not be a perfect ARPG game, but its way more fun to actually play than my experience with that abomination called D3."
76561198047580115,Recommended,219990,20479394,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Messitröen,"Better than D3, as good as PoE!"
76561197992647451,Recommended,219990,23478597,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,VanDaL,The best $25 I had ever spent on a game.  10/10
,Recommended,219990,21288060,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Gor,Good Game
76561198029681735,Recommended,219990,21773647,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,洛基LoKiلوكي,Much like diablo 2 but with awesome graphics.
76561198012270392,Recommended,219990,21741179,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Goose,Excellent.
76561197990766081,Recommended,219990,22074273,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Grendel,"First off, one of the Devs helped me fix an issue with launching, for which I say thanks.  If you have widescreen 2560 x 1080 Win 10 and had a problem like I did where it would launch into a half black screen, run the repair file in the game folder.The game itself so far is sweet if you like this style of game...diablo, van helsing, etc.  What else can I say?  Good music, nice graphics and options.  Multi-class is cool...I got a shaman fighter.  Still trying out this game but really liking it so far."
76561197996479658,Recommended,219990,20371471,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,díbeartach,"The Grim Dawn developers have created a superb ARPG game whose only flaw that is that it will devour huge chunks of your life, resulting in sleep deprivation and strained interpersonal relationships.The gameplay is rock solid and fluid, the environment is a beautifully detailed, nightmarish wonderland with enough goodies to satisfy the most voracious loot ♥♥♥♥♥.Even the names of weapons and armour etc. are bizarrely attractive ! Who wouldn'twant a 'Prismatic Enviscerator'  to mash their enemies to a bloody pulp and decorate the local flora with their entrails ? Why wouldn't you wear 'Boots of the Fleshy Hulk' to stomp around and casually kick in doors. No keys required for the hero of this saga !As a grizzled gaming veteran, especially RPGs, I can't remember the last time I enjoyed a game so much ! I rarely write reviews but games of this quality and soul come around very rarely and the developers deserve our full support and encouragement. If, like me, you're wary of Early Access or on the fence, abandon all doubt and purchase."
,Recommended,219990,21537534,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,› Swade9wade,">Buys game.>Brother sees me plays it.>Brother calls it a dumbed down Diablo III.Grim Dawn.Big world, very deep customization, and very rewarding loot when you find it, or defeating a boss.Diablo IIISmaller world, shallow customization, and not so rewarding loot when you find it, or defeating a boss.>Dumbed down Diablo III he says.>10/10 Will prove brother wrong again."
,Recommended,219990,10979046,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jonnie,This was good :)
76561198015475346,Recommended,219990,13215429,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Perilos,"The Diablo competitor you whished for!Grim dawn is basically the sequel of the nice Titan Quest. Which wasn't so successful.They’re using the same engine as in Titan fall and the world is hand made. They add content every few months and add stuff like two hand weapons you missed for in Titan Quest.You can choose between four classes. Later you can add a second class, resulting in a new class. You can make a cool mix of skills. But if you want to keep it classy, you also can combine a warrior with a rogue, resulting in a heavy battleship, raging through the lines.The setting is really dark and doesn't change that much. It can be depressing over the time to run every time the same themed cave or village. The maps are big and not random generated. So you don't have different results in different runs.The combat system is classic hack & slay. You beat monsters, use skills and drink some pots to heal you. The classes are good balanced in my opinion and the story is okay. The graphics are a little bit outdated but fit the dark theme of the game.If you're looking for a classic hack & slay but get sick of Diablo 3, here you go.8/10"
,Recommended,219990,10940460,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[EcG] Keltair,"If you liked Titan Quest at all, buy this immediately.  Same great game engine, updated.  Feels great with that meaty impact to the combat that PoE is missing, and has great loot and skill tree combos that give much better replayability than D3. Best in class in 2016 in my opinion."
76561198006626069,Recommended,219990,21587243,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,McAuliffe,SUPER-AWESOME Game for me...except for my mouse hand....my mouse hand hurts.... 10/10 A real gem!
76561198022644146,Recommended,219990,23806994,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Naviak,"I love everything about Grim Dawn. The style, the game play, the story. Nothing about this game has been dissapointing. I think they did pretty well balancing the game and is something thats fun with or without other people to play with. Highly recommend."
76561197983225082,Recommended,219990,16577357,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,baddog993,Good loot and an interesting class system. You can be 2 different classes on the same character. So plenty of skills to try out. The enemies look good and the maps are huge and interesting. Sounds are good. The graphics while a little plain looking by Diablo 3 standard look good. Glowing weapons and armour.  You can play it on a LAN or the internet.The crashing issue seems to be fixed now. They have updated the game to make inventory a lot easier not to mention the new class of shaman. I like it. Good game and still priced very reasonable.
,Recommended,219990,12713182,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,クリルストラム,"This is everything I was expecting. Looks and plays great, I'm very pleased with it. Can't wait for more content!"
,Recommended,219990,15291148,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,MetalStef,"Plays like Diablo 3 (a good thing!) and has a grittier art style, more akin to Path of Exile but with better and smoother effects, animations, and world design. Tons of loot to sift through, and an endless supply of monsters to smash.Needs some polishing yet, but this game is VERY promising, very challenging, and a ton of fun!"
,Recommended,219990,23921746,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,The Erect Trooper,Finds a girl in a dungeon.Talks to girl.Girl suspiciously speaks good English.Call girl out on that suspicion.Girl turns into demon.11/10 will not trust little girls in creepy dungeons.
,Recommended,219990,10992221,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,HypnoticSheep,"The gritty, zombie-infested Titan Quest I never knew I wanted."
76561197970894891,Recommended,219990,13381076,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Paulos,"Warning: This game is more addictive than crack and heroin. Even though there a just only 2 Acts at the moment, the different combinations of characters armour and weapons, make it so replayable, I have maxed out around 6 characters and each one has found a completely different item to the others - at the moment my current character has got Soiled pants in which you can throw feaces at your enemies (poison damage)! Can you do that in Diablo? Brilliant fun game."
,Recommended,219990,11253742,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,DeathsWill,"If you liked Titan Quest  you will love this game, even in developement this game is fun and addictive."
76561198090783733,Recommended,219990,10464079,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Demetriios シ,"I`ve been looking for a game like this for a very long time and finally i found the one that I think i can have easily 100+ hours of gameplay on even though its in Alpha it feels very polished for me. Good storyline, fun quests and tonnes of skills to be learned. Definetely worth every penny."
76561198044646766,Recommended,219990,23975397,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Stirner,"Best ARPG and Indie I've ever played, surpasses the three Diablo games, PoE and both the Torchlight games in a lot of aspects in my opinion. Definitely Diablo 2's spiritual successor.10/10 would mix classes/masteries again."
76561198036646095,Recommended,219990,8993892,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Giblix,"This review is for those enjoying the old school isometric hack and slash games such as Diablo 1, 2, Titan Quest as well as Dungeon Siege 2. In my opinion this game, called Grim Dawn, will be among those epic games should they keep up the way they're doing things right now.The reason I find this a gem comes from the confidence in Arthur Bruno as lead designer to lead his team in the right direction. It is clear he loved playing the Diablo 1 and 2 games and learned making these games at Iron Lore with TitanQuest. The way he talks about game design and the ideas he has only makes me hope that there will be enough resources available to make it all happen.The environments are really grim and atmospheric. In D3 there was a lot of gore and brutal depictions of corpses with their entrails hanging out, but due to the comic book color scheme it never really came across the way it should. And that is what Grim Dawn does really well. Fog moving across the marshes, ambient sounds in dark caverns, zombies clawing their way out of the dirt behind you for an ambush and cutting of escape routes. There is a lot of attention to detail as well to convey the correct feel of the world you move in.Some quests in Act 2 are relatively short and simple, but they still manage to invoke an emotional response. They fit in so well with the setting that it is believable for such situations to occur. After mentioning the D2 experience of act 1 where there is a lectern leading you to a ruined keep. At the bottom there is the vampire queen... One of the upcoming dungeons delivered that same feeling. This game really takes the best elements and adds its own interpretation of it.The mastery setup comes from Titan Quest. It isn't your typical skill tree and allows to combine skills from multiple classes to create your own play style. Of course some skills need to be adjusted or entirely replaced, but the basics are there. I'm glad the masteries aren't filled with passives like Torchlight 1 and 2 which greatly reduced the fun of playing due to lack of active involvement. I'm also happy that you need to unlock skills and be stuck with your decisions. Sure you can respec, but it isn't meant to re-build your entire character. A system like that from D3 is horrible and reduces the fun of replaying and building new builds.On top of that making decisions actually leads to set repercussions. You might not want to invite some NPC's you meet in the wild to move into Devil's Crossing. Something similar like Fallout might happen that you go back and the entire Vault and your family is dead due to that decision. Although its not that intense (yet) in Grim Dawn. There are other decisions with consequences like helping refugees or finding what happens to that little village. Or Direni that gives you the key to Depraved Sanctuary...or you kill him. Both with future consequences into Act 2. Which is quite refreshing to see these days. Especially since many games tend to cater to as large a group of people as possible. And they complain about wanting to make meaningful decisions, but not deal with consequences and being ""locked out"" of some content. Which means re-playability if you enjoy the rest of the game and want to try different decisions.The items in general are quite interesting as well. Green and Blue are not automatically better for your character then a Yellow item. Pieces have their own stats as well as possible additional skills like summoning a Hell Hound, Revenant or Harbinger and other things that can proc. You can adjust your items by adding components found on your journey. Components that can stack 3 or 4 times and give additional skills and bonus stats upon completion. That adds even more customizing to your gameplay, play style and character build. Soon we're going to get a crafting system which also has an element of gambling added into the mix. There you can use components found to create pieces of armor and tonics with specific effects according to crafting blueprints you can find.Enemies are quite diverse and challenging as well. Those skeleton Revenants, Deadbolt Archers and priests look amazing. Same for the zombies in act 1 which come in diverse forms with their own strengths and weaknesses. And what about human opponents using the same skills that you as a player have access to. Encountering them might even inspire some to try out a build incorporating the same skills as those opponents. The battles are balanced not around a single unit, but the entire group of opponents. Enemies move slightly faster then the player character which invokes a bit slower combat then most games in this genre. This may seem odd to most, but it actually creates more tactical and skill based battles. You can't just rush in and start whacking away all the time. If you're ""unlucky"" with the random monster spawns it might be the case of a small area being infested with 2 hero Reanimators, a corruption that summons zombies, and the rest of cold ones and mutants thrown in the mix. At those times tactical movement and picking your battles to clear the room is needed.Graphics wise people might complain it isn't cutting edge, but that isn't odd seeing the older engine from Ironlore that is being used. However that doesn't mean the game looks bad. Quite the opposite actually. In my opinion it looks perfect with quality models. Looks way better then D3 and also beats the bulky disfigured models of PoE. Animations are good as well and are only lacking in the rare places. Those places you don't really notice due to the fast pace of going from one battle to the next.There are so few bad things in this game that I don't even know which ones to mention. The only downsides people can note is the scale of UI, fact that the game can drop in FPS, occasional clipping here and there and the main title screen not having enough crips and detail. Can we really call these deal breakers during an alpha? A development stage where such elements are there for practical reasons, placeholders as you will. These will be dealt with once we get near the actual release and the game will be optimized and cleaned up. For now those elements are not high on the priority list which is understandable for an alpha.Crate listens to feed back. Heck they even re-build Act 2 due to the complaints from us playtesters. Even now they're working really hard to make it even better and better as we speak/type. With adjustments being made to previous areas while working on new content. Like many I've played a lot. 40-50hours with an illegal copy around Build 10-13. After that bought a copy at build 15 on Steam and am around 90hours. That is a total of 140 hours for just the alpha. Not many games can boast that amount."
76561198031547271,Recommended,219990,14395718,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,grex,...this game is the best arpg since d2
76561197969161763,Recommended,219990,14796871,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,snilldog,Steampunk Titan Quest.More diablo-esque than D3.
,Recommended,219990,10943921,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Shagwell,Some things are better than Grim Dawn but not many.
,Recommended,219990,8777351,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Wook,"This game seems really interesting. I have played about an hour so far and its pretty good. I dont know if I would say $30 good. More like $20 good. It has a dark asthetic and more of a difficult gameplay than say torchlight or D III. There have been some comparisions to D2. I dont know if I would say that yet, but its good. The text is very hard to read however."
,Recommended,219990,7846208,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,jcfranks87,"While the game's content has yet to be fully fleshed out, the core gameplay is intact and visceral.  Grim Dawn comes into an ARPG market dominated mainly by Diablo 3 and Path of Exile, but offers an experience notable different from its competitors.For those that remember and love Titan Quest, the gameplay of Grim Dawn is both nostalgic and improved.  If you've never tried TQ (you should) GD offers a unique experience for an ARPG.  Character progression revolves around gear, which drops often, stats (simple but varied) and a set of talent trees based on classes.  You may choose two classes, and therefore gain access to two trees, each with varied but coherent abilities and passives to allow a diverse range of powerful characters.  If you enjoy trying out different builds just to see how they work, Grim Dawn can offer you a lot of replayability.GD has no private servers, and at this point doesn't even have multiplayer implemented.  The idea, though, is that Crate wants its players to mod the game as they please.  While this does allow for ""cheating,"" in a game with no ladder boards, no action house and no intent for an economy, it feels perfect.  Grim Dawn isn't about grinding out the best loot, being the first to kill X boss, or the fastest, or whatever. Grim Dawn is about killing monsters, exploration, character building and just all around fun.If that's what you're looking for, you should give Grim Dawn a try."
,Recommended,219990,9445360,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Warondar,"VERY EARLY INTO EARLY ACCESS============================It's pretty amazing how this small 7 person studio is capable of creating such a great looking and fun game, and it's not even done yet!Even for an early access game, I find it pretty polished and haven't seen any bugs as of yet, with 12hrs in or so.  If you like games like Diablo, Torchlight, Path of Exiles, and so on you'll have no problems loving this game.I'm still playing my initial playthrough as a warrior type, and find the combat to be pretty sraight forward, the different mobs including unique named monsters and bosses, drop the varied color coded quality loot you find in all games of this type,  with some good itemization and stats overall, especially for set collections.  I can't wait to see the full game at release, because right now it's already a very nice and fun game.MID-POINT INTO EARLY ACCESS...March 17th, 2015 Update============================So, it's 1 year later and...The game development is progressing very nicely I find, and the content keeps coming with more class options, quests, mobs, and loot that progresses the storylines along.  I'm still amazed at how well this small studio is able to put out a game that easily rivals bigger competitors in the same genre.  This holds up great to the games I mentioned earlier and is well worth getting just for the first 3 acts to date!  It's got loads of stuff to kill and loot already and could easily have been released as is.  Then bring out DLCs, season pass, and Grim Dawn II for the rest of the upcoming content.  Thank God they're not going that route!  Keep it up!!PS. I DESPISE Steam's Early Access now.  3 out 4 E.A. titles I bought into are now dead, defunc, or eternal 'we're working on it, be patient' mode.This is the only title that came through so far for me, and it alone might vindicate the Early Access program for me.RELEASE VERSION UDPATE...December 20th, 2016========================What can I say about the release version?I can say that Crate has more than surpassed my expectations for an Early Access title (the only one personally).  At no time throughout the development did I feel like the progress was slow or problematic, since they really kept up with content updates.As each Act was released, we were guided through another chapter of the storyline with new areas, friendly/unfriendly NPCs, quests, and of course new 'monsters' for us to dispose of to secure humanity's future in this grim, dark, apocalyptic world that is Cairn.With a fair number of character development choices, like leveling basic stats, adding class skills for pure or dual-class builds, faction choices with conseqences, and endless tiered possible gear choices from loot drops, buying from general and faction merchants, player trading, or crafting your own thanks to bluepring recipe drops and purchases.To reach the current level cap of 85, you'll need to playthrough from normal(veteran option),  elite, and ultimate difficulties.  You can also level up in The Crucible, which is a DLC addition which compares to other survival Arenas.  Can obtain some very nice gear early on (I go in at Lvl.2) and  throught to max level.  Big plus is the ability to obtain Devotion points after completing your first 10 waves of combatants.  Turn in your earned Crucible money to buy a devotion point at level 8, which is the level you'll be after just doing 10 waves.A really exciting and challenging feature associated to your infamy rating with certain factions, is the unlocking of more heroes, more swarms of monsters, and ultimately the faction's Nemesis boss, who will hunt you down for having maxed your infamy with them.There are so many other details that I would love to share about the game, but it's probably better to leave it to you.  Buy this game if you loved Titan Quest (same dev) and love Diablo-like games.  You'll discover all the things I mentioned and more about the game, and why it's such a great game to surely become a Classic of the genre.Huge thanks Crate!"
,Recommended,219990,25980375,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ThePenguin,"Simply put this game has, imo, the best single player experience of any modern Diablo style ARPG available. Is it better than classics such as D2 or Titan Quest? The improved graphics are nice. Looks great on Ultrawide monitors. Probably looks great to the 16:9 peasantry too. I think the skill/devotion system it has is a definite upgrade. The faction system is relatively basic but adds another positive element to the game. Replayability wise it lacks a bit compared to D2 but is better than Titan Quest. Note: I never messed with mods in Titan Quest so they may change the comparison somewhat.From a value perspective it is well priced for what you get. I pretty easily put in 100 hours. Just now am I finding it tiresome to go do loot runs.If this game has a negative it is the multiplayer. If multiplayer is your thing I would suggest looking to Diablo 3 or Path of Exile. No dedicated servers or anti-cheat makes playing multiplayer with randoms pointless. That said, the multiplayer should work fine for playing with people you know."
76561198010389289,Recommended,219990,10943425,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,JasoNoles,Great game! If you like Diablo you will like this!
,Recommended,219990,8320640,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sicero,868.5 hrs on recordFor this moment - Best ARPG period.
76561197972496438,Recommended,219990,8810059,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,TheSlapDick,Really good game.  Lots of loot and tons of stuff to kill.  Great looking game.
,Recommended,219990,24231057,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Begasus [MMold],Diablo 2 and classic RPGs mixture!Very very good and challenging.If you enjoy this type of game you will find yourself lost in hundreds hours of gameplay.A lot of classes and skills customization.Vote 9
,Recommended,219990,9436137,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Lascivar,"Diablo 3, how it should have been.Outstanding."
,Recommended,219990,29697018,Posted: 4 February,all,Mountain Man,It's fine if you're mad at Blizzard and don't want to play some muppets game
76561198019083328,Recommended,219990,18374831,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,illmatics,"Most fun I've had with a game since Diablo II. Highly recommended!Referring this to my friends for some MP ARPING!I sure would like for them to develop the multiplayer social side, though.Much of the charm with D2 was withBattle.netand social.Pro's? Nostalgy meets modern gamer!It scratches my arp'ing itch like nothing I've come across since D2.Con's? None so far!"
76561198006075794,Recommended,219990,17531166,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Desgate,My first ever game review... and first ever early access game... and Grim Dawn definitely deserves it!So far i havnt found any major bugs or issues and the game play and story is amazing!better then lots of full released games for sure.
76561198016267602,Recommended,219990,23286943,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Agent R.Jolly,"At first I thought that this game was another ripoff of Diablo, the style and even progression but to my surprise, it really wasn't. The game starts off a bit shaky to be honest, character progression is rather slow and even till you get your bearings around the maps and how the game actually works, takes some time. Although if you put the effort to actually play through it, it gets exceedingly gratifying. The class combos are awesome, the weapons are cool and the map, is well huge. There is plenty to do within the game and even when you're done exploring a new combo of a class, you feel the urge to create a new one. Personally the only drawback for me was the lack of quest marking. I get that you need to explore to find the quest (it shows up on the map once you get close to it), but it is rather tedious, especially in the first few hours of the game. Other than that though, the game is absolutely awesome!! I would recommend to anyone!"
,Recommended,219990,23719119,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,HELLruler,"Known as a spiritual successor of Titan Quest, Grim Dawn takes you through a dark land where corruption spread, and evil walks free. Each act has a scenario that defines it - mountains, ruined city, farmlands -, each very detailed and full of monstersSomething I find curious is that the classes are strong and match well. Choose two you like and see how one complements the other. Not only that, but you have a devotion system where you can choose stars that fill gaps on your build or make you even stronger/tankierThe dev team is communicative, and modding has just been added to the gameFor some reason, optimization is a bit lacking. The game runs well, but when there are many effects going on, you can expect your fps to drop (which doesn't happen in Diablo 3 or Path of Exile, for example)If you have your eyes on it, you won't regret playing this game"
,Recommended,219990,32876477,Posted: 27 June,all,Wilss,"So many explosions, I can't see a thing.The Demolitionist makes Michael Bay cry with joy."
,Recommended,219990,32913943,Posted: 27 June,all,Magic Finger Force,Very fun to play :)
76561198008018055,Recommended,219990,20231551,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dragon&Wolf,"Beautiful game with some pros and cons:Pros:  + tons of content+ 100's of hours of game-play+ Beautiful to look at+ Very easy to pick up and play+ takes time to master+ 7 classes + dual classing = 7 * 7 = 49 possible classes+ Lots of story Lore in game and at website+ Multiplayer 4 friends+ Offline single player modeCons: - Sometimes enemies meld to much into the background to be invisible- Browns and greens on browns and greens (enemy and background) again makes some enemies hard to see- Voice work is to low can barely hear it- Sill in beta or alpha or unofficially released- the devs don't work for Blizzard making Diablo 4- this is not a Blizzard title (sorry yes Blizzard fan, but can acknowledge great games from other places)- Not really anything to con con about (meaning in the first 13.3 hrs on record not one single bug ort problem)Since the game is still in Early Access I have an Idea for the Devs for long term end game solution. Create a tower that randomly generates itself every 7 days. Make the tower have good side going up / evil side going down. Make the it 100 floors up and 100 floors down. Gamers will choose which direction they will head each week per account, every 5th floor have a mini  boss and tenth floor a big boss. This way once we beat the campaign we can continue to do something new each week with our avatars. Just a suggestion. Great game, highly recommend, and can definitely say its worth the money."
76561197988113155,Recommended,219990,21521978,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SAF,"One of the few games I've played where I constantly think how amazing the game is while playing it. Although I'm not big on the Victorian era setting, I love the dark and gritty art style. I also love that the devs included controller support! I have been waiting so long for a worthy succesor to Diablo 2, and now I finally have it!Crate really nailed the old school type of gameplay and what made Diablo 1/2, Titan Quest, etc... so much fun! If you like ARPGs, you'll love Grim Dawn! Buy now!I cannot recommend this game enough to fans of iso arpgs. I have played them all and I must say Grim Dawn is already becoming my favortite of the genre and overall one of my favorite games!"
76561198008150731,Recommended,219990,22153794,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Musoyama,"Wow this is a great game, very challenging on certain settings. As everyone has mentioned it makes you think of Diablo and Path of Exile. I like this story much better, and the range of character development is vast...reminds me of the Elder Scrolls style, you can play this game anyway you want to - as long as you kill things that want to kill you first!Highly recommended!"
76561198039477123,Recommended,219990,21036561,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dooby Dooby Doooo,If you like diablo 2 more then diablo 3 this is your game!.  It starts a bit slow but then theres so much more dept to it.  Great game.
76561198167624148,Recommended,219990,21052426,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Goddess,Great game!
76561197985021883,Recommended,219990,21024562,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Faculty Goat,"Amazing game. I want to stay away from it until full launch but I can't help myself!Amazing skill system, I loved it in Titan Quest and I love it in this.My only problem is I keep making new characters to try out different things, makes it hard to decide what to play :x"
76561198073188811,Recommended,219990,21091647,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SaltySlug,"I have played Diablo since its first release up until D3 2.3 and this game is a serious contender that may even take the belt.  If you like ARPGs at all, then you should have this game.  It is not even close to a clone.  Story, graphics, systems, builds, sounds, and feel are all its own.  Much respect to the developers and I hope they continue to work on this game and/or make it a sequel."
76561198029503274,Recommended,219990,21196128,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ZeroKiyone,"We had such fun together, my first ever Hardcore Veteran character. For 3 days straight I looked at your death screen, and eventually came to the conclusion I should let you go. This image is now forever engraved onto my memory.............aswell as my monitor's screen.......Princess FluffyButt you shall be missed""It's totally amazing!!"" 10/9 Our math is fine - IGN"
76561198052982209,Recommended,219990,21569001,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,afflictions1,This is an amazing ARPG. Bring me back to the old Diablo 2 day. Highly recommend getting this if you love these types of games.
76561198014643170,Recommended,219990,21147462,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Cassiel,"I've watched this game grow over the last year and a bit and I have to say I'm really happy with it.  If you like Diablo, Titan Quest, Path of Exile type games, you will like Grim Dawn.  This is a quick pre-release review.ProsThe character versatility is one of the main things I like about the game.  Every class can be customised and changed to fit a person's playstyle.  You can undo skill points so you aren't stuck with choices you made when you had less experience.   Also gives you the opportunity to try out new skills without much risk.The maps vary in complexity, terrains and mobs change, quests affect terrain features like building bridges - keeps your eyes happy.Items, devotion and class skills give you a really good range of abilities to choose from and combinations to form.  Adds an element of strategy when choosing what will work best together.ConsMultiplayer issues...  Playing with friends can pose problems.  For example If one person is further ahead with quests than their friend(s) then whoever has the least progression has to be the host.  Ok, but what if you play together often but 1 person plays a little more and is always ahead with quests?  Or you play with more than 1 person but you are all at different progress spots?  Well then you have to go back and redo all of the quests with your friend over and over again.  It would be nice if whoever was the host enabled all of the same quests to whoever joined so anyone anytime could just hop on and play without missing anything.  Also there is eventually a faction based choice to make which opens up a new quest line - Cool!  Bad if you and any of your friends are a different faction because you cannot help complete the quests together AND there seems to be a strange bug that causes you to start damaging each other during the game after engaging faction mobs when grouped with an opposite faction party member.  This needs fixing!Devotion shrines in multiplayer - same as above.  Host already did the shrine?  Well bad luck, you can't do it unless you host or go solo.Replayability - if you want to try a new class combo out or wish you picked soldier as your second instead of shaman, it gets a bit tedious playing through the whole game all over again.  I don't mind the xp grind and can deal with the quest grind.  But finding all of the shrines again and collecting all of the purple items again is just a bit painful.  It would be nice if devotion shrines were account based so all of your characters got the completion.  It would also be great to use your transfer stash to hold purple items so you could pass them on to other characters on your account making quests that you've already done easier to do a second, third, fourth time.  A single iron count for all characters on the account - awesome idea.Bugs - still in dev so I realise there will be bugs.  Major bug is whatever causes the game to stop and then you have to hard reset your PC to escape its clutches.Overall, I like the game and will keep playing.  Looking forward to more fine tuning in the game and see what else awaits."
,Recommended,219990,21054719,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,BremiX,This game is worth it. I recommend.But if you played Veteran Normal difficulty there's problem at Elite. You can't find any real gear upgrades.
76561198152779754,Recommended,219990,22131250,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sermaul,This is a great game. I've never played a game with so many skill tree crossovers. It does an amazing job of not making you be stuck with one of 4 classes the rest of the game. Tons of hybrid builds allow you to go from tank mage to assassin.
,Recommended,219990,17528085,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,aN,"single player is fun to some point, didn't tried MP"
76561198009807951,Recommended,219990,19812714,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Fore,This game is worth the purchase price.   Good graphics.  Good controls.  Good UI.  Easy to play.  Good old fashion hack and slash.
76561198002589014,Recommended,219990,32946491,Posted: 28 June,all,-=XX=-Nephilim,Wonderful gameplay and active developers. Strongly recomended for all ARPG fans!
76561198070773018,Recommended,219990,23742442,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,626,"Wonderful game.The shortcoming is that I have to go through the story 3 times per character.And after hundreds of hours playing this game , I have nearly ten characters..."
,Recommended,219990,30790967,Posted: 28 March,all,Lord Haart,This is the game Diablo III should have been. Dripping with love and dedication right from the off. I have played computer games since 1982 and this one is in my top 20 of all time. Well done Crate.
,Recommended,219990,25956817,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Frank Bumstead,"Grim Dawn is a very appropriate name for this game, especially if you are a fan of the Diablo franchise.  Diablo 1 may not have been the first ARPG, but it certainly put the genre of tearing monsters apart until they explode in a shower of blood and shinny items on the map.  The game that made birthday pinatas a bit lack luster from there onwards.  While Diablo 1 was the promising toddler, Diablo 2 was the 12 year old son who won the science competiton nation wide.  Everything seemed to be going well.Then diablo 3 launched and it was like walking in on your teenage son dying his hair black, cutting his wrist, wearing eye liner, and wearing bandages like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sonic the hedgehog game.  What the ♥♥♥♥ happened, I knew I souldnt have let your creepy black sheep uncle to take you to disney world.Back to the point, Grim Dawn is both grim in the game setting and grim because playing it is a constant exercise in ""what if"" when thinking of Diablo 3.  Suffice to say if you found Diablo 3s bright art style of smeared water paintings with lighting effects as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as possible for lower end PCs to run it rather diapointing, as well as its borderline incoherant story and a disjointed world forgettable despite over 100 hours played than you will be in for a nice suprise.Visually Grim Dawn made me think this is diablo 2 but with better graphics.  The game plays on this and it does a very good job for the disenchanted ARPG player.  The marshes, caves, ruined settlements, and bleak landscape of Act 1 bring back fond memories of the Rogue Encampment.  It makes the whole art petition response look silly in retrospec, along with Reaper of Souls going back on it as well.While the story and universe is not a high point it is practically shakespeare compared to Diablo 3.  The documents you find are well paced and some are pretty disturbing and depressing.  On top of that there are moments in the game where your decisions can have ramifications although the steam page does exagerate a bit.The game is made from a combination of the creators of TitanFall and I believe a few people who worked on the origional Diablo.  TitanFall was a baffling game as Im assuming the publisher didnt understand that 50% of what makes these games enjoyable is watching monsters turn into pools of blood.  Opting to go for the teen rating and showing a complete ignorance to the genre.  I do have a beef with these guys on the part that Titan Falls expansion seemed to never get fixed.....That said it would seem the ugly practice was left behind in the world of Greek Mythology and didnt carry over to Cairne.For people like myself who found Blizzards odd skill system or lack there of a skill system bewildering (something that would carry over to World of Warcraft) you will be happy to know that Grim Dawn has more stats than the guy who sits with a spread sheet at a baseball game taking notes on everything for some bizaare reason.  Perhaps reliving his desire to be an assistant coach in the dugout.  You have stun resistence, stun duration reduction, lightning damage, electricicty damage, fire damage, burn damage, piercing damage, vitality damage, and you get the point.The wonderful Titan Quest duel class system returns allowing players to mix different classes that seem odd but turn out very interesting.  What is nice is that there does not seem to be 1 spec for each of the class combinations.  My main is a Warder which is a combination of the soldier and shaman.  I focus on 2 handed weapons and lightning damage but there are 2 other viable paths I have read about.  I imagine the same is true for other combos.Certain gear and the fairly elaborate addon system can be a huge part of your build.  One item I added to my axe gave me a lightning nova ability which was great for clearing large groups.  Lousy on its own but with all my + lightning skills and gear stats very effective.There is also a faction system.  Getting higher rep means you can buy items from said faction and the more hated you are by enemy factions the more rare bosses that spawn.  Speaking of loot you wont have to farm for hours only to get items that look like a troll put them in the game.Unfortunately with a small team does come its problems.  The framerate is all over the place depending on where you are with the beginning act being the worse offender.  Many enemies simply explode into blood and there are not as many unique death animations as you would get with a larger team.  The enemy variety is also limited compared to other games.  All of this just makes you wish these guys had more resources at their disposal.  Nothing is really game breaking.In summary I have not enjoyed a game in this genre so much since diablo 2.  Torchlight never really did it for me and you all know my opinion of diablo 3 at this point.  If anything I say resonates with you then this game will be a nice gem to add to your steam library."
76561198167717784,Recommended,219990,31291607,Posted: 22 April,all,SandalHat,"I haven't played an RPG in such detail and repeatedly like this since the days of Dungeon Siege 2. I love that the graphics aren't 'cartoony' like a lot of other RPG's; and I love how detailed and gory and interactive the different maps are. I haven't been this happy to grind for loot, XP and hidden items since DS2.The devs constantly release updates and fixes too which is great.The DLC is useful for levelling up characters from scratch before going into the Story Mode, I find it helps speed things along in the beginning of the normal game if your character already has basic equipment and some levels behind them - particularly useful if you have more than one character to try out the different classes. You'd be suprised how many levels you have to get through in Story Mode before you have all the basic equipment covered - later on in the game it throws equipment at you constantly like it's Black Friday and your credit card is limitless.Your character is constantly saved as you play, but your position on the map isn't. Be very careful therefore when you sell your loot etc. as you can't revert back. You have to get to the next portal so you can return there in future without walking through and pulverizing all the dudes you just killed already the next time you load the game (everything respawns, even the bosses). The deep dungeons very seldom have portals in them, so if you walk into a dungeon that isn't apart of the main story line be prepared to commit like a champion for several hours to get to the final boss in the basement. I have yet to find a dungeon boss on the top floor making coffee when I burst in.The music gets very repetative, and I found myself humming it in my sleep after playing for a few hours a day. It was affecting my sex life. I killed the music, and left the other sounds on, and it's improved the game (and my sex life) for me drastically. I recommend you spend some time adjusting the different game sounds until you have it to your liking, it improves the gameplay a lot.Love this game. 9/10"
76561198038817976,Recommended,219990,23422155,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Asskicker_5150,If you like ARPG games you are going to love Grim Dawn. This game is awesome!
76561198018657757,Recommended,219990,21506264,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,William Wallace,"This game was developed in sync with its fans, and it's evident. It's fun and you should buy it because why wouldn't you?"
76561198047819762,Recommended,219990,18347217,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Gothic wake&bake,"It really feels like an updated titan quest with gore and new classes. Very smooth for early access even. It'll be some crazy stuff after it gets completed, even though it already feels pretty full of a game."
76561198141764221,Recommended,219990,18228641,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,MasterChiefKeef,"I work day in and day out. First thing I play when I have time is Grim Dawn. If that doesn't make you buy it, I don't know what will. Highly recommend it, a lot of fun and it's only early access. More to come ;)"
76561198082984967,Recommended,219990,18010200,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,alexbrett13r,I'm just gonna say that this game is amazing and worth every dollar I paid. It gives hope back to this genre! I've only played through this game one time but it took me almost 40hrs and I didn't even touch endgame content like the roguelikeish dungeon and i missed more than a few side quests.
76561198114843139,Recommended,219990,18822252,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Evil-Disco,For an eairly access game this game has alot of content to keep you busy and I love that! It plays alot like the Diablo games but with better customization and if you ask me more intresting loot. The story is good and the atmosphere is dark and grim which give the feel how Diablo 1 and 2 would give before Diablo 3 went with the more colorfull art direction. It is tottaly worth the price they ask for but if you can catch it on sale I highly reccemond buying this game expecially if you like ARPG.[Update]I've been playing this game since it was in eairly access and im still playing it. I still find this game more satasifing to play than diabl3 which is still a good game but i find this game has more to offer and the replay is good with all of the different build you can creat and i love the diverse item that this game offers.
,Recommended,219990,18357779,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,xSilas43,"Great ARPG ! If you like Diablo 1 or 2, Torchlight, PoE, you will love this game! 10/10 its still in early access but has a lot of great features already for such a small team. I just hope one day it comes to Linux. The class system is simillar of those above and allows for a dual class at level 10 which really lets you play your character any way you want. This is what Diablo 3 should have been."
,Recommended,219990,18356818,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Undying86,"Plays just like Titan Quest, another ARPG I loved. Build your character the way you want and dual spec if you like, its a great way to really hone some abilities. A must have for ARPG fans!"
,Recommended,219990,22249710,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,chrisch,"This game brings me back to the old days of Diablo 2 and Sacred. It offers a very intricate character progression system, great visuals, interesting world and story for ARPG standards and it is, despite the small dev team and cheap price, very polished.Oh and it works perfectly with the steam controller. I prefer it over KB/M."
76561198087186794,Recommended,219990,20726922,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,fake00001111,Interesting arpg game.  Many combined character skill and item.  This early access game but it will be release soon.
,Recommended,219990,20854239,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,CXZman,"After a (very) long early access and development nearing its end, let's get to the conclusion: this is an awesome hack'n'slash. Not the most beautiful (see Diablo 3 for that), but a good one anyway.The game itself is very close to what was Titan Quest. Pretty much the same design team behind those two. The game experience is solid, even though there are only eight full time buddies on the job. One would expect such a small team to fail bringing life to such a big project, but it ended up working out just fine for them.If you have to look for flaws in the game, let's begin by aknowledging that the game isn't visually stunning. The art direction just does the job, and that's it. No more, no less. You may also find that some elements of the ingame background will kill you faster than the final boss, which is both surprising and very disapointing, especially if you end up losing a 20h HC character on that.Other than that, expect a solid gameplay, interesting challenge and overall nice game."
76561198015939568,Recommended,219990,20253344,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Bobzzo,I've been playing this game since the very early access when only Act I was available .. and from what i've seen I should say it's a small shining jewel made with lot of love.PROS:- lot of classes to choose- lot of loot- crafting system- all the nice features from the Titan Quest have been moved here- haven't seen a single bug so far (reached Act III at the moment of this review)- maybe one of the best graphic engines for ARPG of this type- constant upgrades- the fights are dynamic and bloody- excellent maps- live breathing world- dark and rich story and lot of lore (if you're interested in reading it)- Titan Quest 2.0CONS:- actually nothing in particular.- the normal difficulty is too easy but the veteran one gives the exact level of challenge i am expecting :)Overall this game is the perfect example of how a perfect product can be develiped with little budget but LOT OF PASSION.ANY EXPANSIONS TO EXPECT I HOPE :) ?
76561198033492251,Recommended,219990,17306581,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Ol' Swoop,Possibly the best ARPG I've ever played and I've played a lot of them throughout the years.  I'd highly recommend this!!
,Recommended,219990,22135841,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,murmaeder,the reviews are absolutley right.  amazing.  most fun ive had playing a game since d2
76561198175279265,Recommended,219990,21267251,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Nagacrew,"So far i'm loving it. I do have concerns about multiplayer though. I feel in this day in age games have to have a strong multiplayer (this is just my opinion) and so far from what i've seen crate doesnt plan on doing a whole lot with this. End game so far seems to be lacking aside from steps of torment runs. (Leaderboards, gearscores, something of that nature would do wonders) Can't wait for PvP, Mods, and survival mode though!!!Don't get it twisted, despite my concerns, if you're an ARPG/hack and slash/dungeon crawler fan you need to do yourself the justice of buying this game. Get it while it's in early access too so that you get all of the features as some will have to be purchased seperately @ release!"
76561197969451117,Recommended,219990,20299455,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Smokey,"This game give me that awesome feeling I had when I played the original Diablo! I have played Titan Quest and Torchlight and they are both very good games, but they didnt grab me like Grim Dawn. The combat is meaty, spells have real power and look fantastic. It also has alot of play hours in it and for an early access game, since I have had it is very stable and polished. Due to be released in Feb, but is content complete now.You may have never heard of Grim Dawn, but seriously the reviews speak for themselves, buy it so this developer can make more awesome games."
,Recommended,219990,20317809,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ðoritos ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Great game so far no griefs yet but am sure there will be, just like every other game out there nothing is perfect! xD"
,Recommended,219990,21291844,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,SilverManCZ,Very good game.
76561198014176301,Recommended,219990,21336741,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,konoske,"really enjoy this game so far, will continue to play it further in time, one of the best H&S i have played , totally recommand"
76561197995204762,Recommended,219990,21402782,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Asterion,"How could I not reccomend?The gameplay is great, the story is rich and exciting, the designers are constantly working and evolving the game and more.If you like a mix of diablo with more rpg and less grind this is the game for you."
76561198020358282,Recommended,219990,20304016,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Loved From Above,wow its better than diablo and i have over 1500 hours  played on that game you will love it
76561198128461617,Recommended,219990,20377454,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Kimbo,Amazing game. Logged over 300 hours and I still want to play more.
,Recommended,219990,21973932,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Tricky,"In my opinion this is the best ARPG currently on the market. It plays a lot like Diablo 2 and Titan Quest but with nice graphics.It is a loot-based game which focuses on boss farming to acquire good loot (like in Diablo 2 and not like in Diablo 3 where you farm whole areas to get loot). While your character gets better when you level up and spend points on your stats and skills, you can be godlike when you have godlike gear.The game has 6 ""pure"" classes with its own skill tree. You can dual-class which gives a total of 21 possible classes (15 dual classes and 6 pure classes). The skill system is very in-depth but still easy to understand and the possibilities of different builds are very enormous. The max level is 85, after finishing the game at normal difficulty you will be around level 50 and there are two more difficulties.There is also a Hardcore mode, multiplayer, an extensive crafting system and an achievements system.Overall a very good game, I would recommend it! The replay value is really high and if you like ARPGs you can expect a few hundred hours of fun from this game."
,Recommended,219990,21286843,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Natalie Dormer,"If u played Titan Quest you will like this game.I am Diablo 3 player, PoE player and player of many other games, and each games go by itself, they are different in many ways. Diablo 3 has literaly best and smoothest engine and combat style and flawlesness is far superior then any of those games i mentioned. Only thing that GD lacks is that, smoothness... But everything else , perfect.Buy it, enjoy it."
,Recommended,219990,20346718,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MarcoAC/DC,"better than I expect. Like a D3 player, Grim Dawn mix diablo with Skyrim, I say that because the points of Devotion. Practically I don't know nothing about the game, just eight hours in game, but I think this game is very challenging, for Hardcore players like me.I want to play in multiplayer, to find anothers players and better enjoy the game."
,Recommended,219990,20517355,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Sketch,"Grim Dawn is a fun action RPG. The visual style is more gritty than Diablo 3. The dual class system is unique and opens a wide range of options to customize your characters.I've played for 16 hours in the beta. Overall, the fit and finish of the game is solid. Each patch brings another level of polish.If you like action RPG games like Diablo, you'll like this game. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,219990,20533977,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,E.,Fantastic game.
76561197993528407,Recommended,219990,21355473,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Marshall,One of the few not awful Early Access games.
76561197977468665,Recommended,219990,21398176,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,BleeCampbell,"If you like arpgs and dungeon crawlers you'll probably like this game. I will say its more in depth than most in terms of difficulty, this game does not hold your hand. that is a good and bad thing. The combat isnt as polished as some of the other aarpgs like Path of Exile but overall a good buy and enjoyable"
76561198004813589,Recommended,219990,21400377,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Hell Maker,"Grim Dawn is a damn good game, which is, at the time of this review, coming to the end of it's pre-release updates. The game has evolved so much through the short amount of time I've owned it. It's fairly unique and combines a little bit of all the ARPG games into it. Leveling gives you points to upgrade class specific skills/passives and your 3 major attributes. Then there are shrines that you find along your journeys that give you constellations to complete, and once they are you'll get a big boost in stats or get abilities/passives. Oh and at level 10 you get to pick another class, which gives you a unique class name based on the 2 (i.e Occultist + Shadowblade = Witch hunter). This provides us as players an infinite amount of building paths for our characters. As far as ARPGs go this is a solid 9.5/10."
76561197997931487,Recommended,219990,21402809,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,termenk11,"Excellent game! This game really satisfy my hunger for ARPG. The last time that I get addicted this much to video games is during the Diablo 2 LOD days followed by Titan Quest Immortal throne. I can definitely say that Grim Dawn really fills the void left by Diablo 2 and Titan Quest.. Kudos to Crate Entertainment. Please keep it up!If your are contemplating about buying this game, please buy this game. It is well worth your money."
76561198045050246,Recommended,219990,20335352,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Fiach,"A really nice surprise!Been playing this since EA and watched it mature into a really great game.It is quite addictive and makes you want to play just a little longer, just until the next level up, just until the next dungeon is completed, just one more quest...then I'll stop...honest.You can tell this game was made with a great feel and pedigree for the genre, which of course Crate has with Titan Quest.It has some very nice mechanics, especially the way you can dual class, it has lots of hidden little dungeons dotted around the sprawling landscape, that add a nice bit of variety to the overland questing area. The shrine reclamation, to add more points to help customise your character a little bit further and the loot!Seriously, the loot is great, even if you dont get something you want for one character, it makes you start planning for further alternative characters for replaybility, so you can put the item in a shared stash for your other characters.All in all, a great game, you get alot of gaming for this price, great value indeed."
76561198086129419,Recommended,219990,21413735,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Se7eN,"35 h in game time, and I love it. I played d2 and d3 for 4-5 years, and I like this one a lot. I will come back when I am done with story on heoric to give more input. So far, it is great ! Community is great !!"
,Recommended,219990,20478389,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Brân Q-(0.0)Q,"The thoughts behind the character customization is good, however it is really hard to integrate a second skill tree to create a fitting combination."
76561198032067409,Recommended,219990,20365155,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,USM-Valor,"The Good: Strong character building, great music, 80+ hours of content.The Bad: Minimal voice acting, no cutscenes, still unpolished in places.The Bottom Line: Grim Dawn is a fun, fully playable Diablo clone. The story is there, but you'll have to mostly read it from dropped pages found while out exploring the environment. If you've already played Diablo, Torchlight, and Path of Exile, you know exactly what to expect from this game. A classic ARPG through and through."
76561197975041336,Recommended,219990,20479484,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Amoxychillin,Best Dungeon Crawl on the market.  Rivals Diablo 2 imo.
76561198031699114,Recommended,219990,20518516,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Mars,"Best dungeon crawler since Diablo 2.I'm usually skeptical of Early Access, but this game feels more like a late beta than an early alpha.  Extremely playable.Fun spells.  Dual class skill point system.  Sensible character stat system (only 3 attributes).  Exploration based talent system.I've only played for two hours and have been pleasantly surprised by the total lack of nonsense they've fixed from other dungeon crawlers.  Did you accidentally buy an item from the shop?  You you can sell it back at the purchase price!  See you passed a chest way and you have to run for 30 seconds to route back to it?  Just click the chest and it'll route your character for you!I'm a little shocked they're selling it for as little as they are.  It's a fantastic game for the price.  Absolutely zero buyer's remorse."
76561198053427167,Recommended,219990,20480728,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,tboner,Fun gameplay and well thought out character customisation that allows for many viable builds.Rewards hardcore players well without punishing casual play.
76561198056633096,Recommended,219990,26044392,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,koenigaslan,"true addiction ...Just try it yourself and once you know a bit about the game there will be a lots of build idears you can come up with.It starts of quite simple with 6 classes of wich you can choose two, thats the so called dualclass system, then there is the devotion system wich adds even more build diversity and ofcause there are builds around specific items.The world of Grim Dawn is hand crafted wich is why you can find a lot of secrets whilest exploring the area.Grim Dawn has a lot of interesting mechanics wich work pretty well together, the start may be comlicated but the more you play the more fun the game is.But there are definitly some things that are not perfect, for example the perfomance in some situations.But all I can say is that I highly recommend the game for everyone that likes Hack and Slash games such as Titan Quest or Diablo."
76561197972065898,Recommended,219990,20211712,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The PoLe,"Best ARPG Ever, even better than PoE.Dont Miss it!"
,Recommended,219990,11793460,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,BloodShed Redd,5 Stars.....Looking Forward to Playing The Final Product.
,Recommended,219990,14156224,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"First of all, I'm a HUGE Titan Quest fan.Grim Dawn uses the Titan Quest's engine, and it sure inherited A LOT of features from TQ: ragdoll physics, dual class system, level up and skill up system, simple but neat crafting system, monster-related drops, relics, etc etc and etc. All these features already guarantee at least a 7/10 rating for the game. You would feel like this is a standalone expansion of TQ, but in a good way.+ Good storyline+ Good targeting system+ Attack animation is actually improved a lot from TQ, attacks look much more impactful in GD+ Unique character classes+ Graphic is slightly improved from TQ- Graphic is SLIGHTLY improved from TQ! (TQ was released in 2006, I would expect significantly better graphics).- Most classes' skills are not interesting. Very few of them actually make me want to choose a certain class.- The total content of the first 3 acts combined together is actually quite short. If there are only 4 acts total then I cannot imagine it will be a lot more. Yes I know the replayability is still there with different class combinations and builds, but the actual campaign with the storyline minus hours killing trash mobs is quite short.- I still don't feel anything really stands out about this game that makes it a great game on its own, rather than a good spiritual successor of TQ in a different setting.My experience with GD is so far so good. All in all a very good game, with I guess some improvable flaws.8.5/10"
,Recommended,219990,16191257,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Mason,"Everyone saying diablo and torchlight... pffft... Titan Quest written all over it (same creators) , same play style, same game really, different style but same base game. I enjoy it very much, if you guys want a full game exactly like this but a bit older (cheaper) get Titan Quest, and it's expansion Immortal throne. Grim Dawn will be better in the long run but it is unfinished so might be worth buying during the wait"
,Recommended,219990,16633957,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Norm,"This gave me the same feeling I had when I played Diablo 2 for the first time all those years ago. Although i've not played many hours yet, I see me sinking many many many hours, possibly days, into this.If you liked Diablo 2. Or want more of a challenge that Diablo 3 doesn't give you, then this may be worth looking at. Granted it has a few bugs and isn't finished yet but the dev team have been working on this for years and are always updating it.Graphically it looks rather nice. Has that dark dispear feeling that I used to love about Diablo 2.Enemies are challenging and you can get swamped very quickly if your not careful.Loot system seems to work well and you can start straight away building your characters gear.The writing is good and interesting with different options for your character to reply with which can sometimes change the outcome of the conversatin from positive to negative.Looking forward to the future of Grim Dawn."
,Recommended,219990,16671007,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Zeppy,"What do you want from an ARPG? You want it to be fast, responsive, and to have as little hassle as possible managing your loot and generally, the fun follows. Grim Dawn definitely is that. It's the finest ARPG we've had in some time. It builds upon Titan Quest's strengths while surpassing its shortfalls, bringing back the fantastic multi-class system. It's definitely fun solo, but bring friends and it just gets better. Well worth the small price of entry. If you're a fan of the genre, rejoice, you've got a new favourite."
,Recommended,219990,16810429,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,FireBorn,"If you like Hack & Slash games, then you should buy this one.This game is much better than any diablo game and hopefully will be better than the Titan Quest series.It shows 428 hours in record but be assured that it is more than this (maybe around 550) and I cannot keep myself from playing even it is an early access game.What are you waitig for? ;)"
,Recommended,219990,17051767,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,(FGN) Ocean_of_Lights,"This is one of the best Diablo-clones I've played; especially since it is the brain child of the gameplay developer for ""Titan Quest""..... and the similarities show. The character development is deep and the games atmosphere is well crafted.Obviously, since it is an early access game, there are some bugs; but nothing game breaking. I highly recommend this title to anyone looking for a solid RPG."
76561197973051663,Recommended,219990,12959188,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Popcorn Colonel,"This is an easy one to review.  Just answer this question:  Did you like Titan Quest and Diablo II?  If yes, buy this; you'll love it.  If not, don't.  It really is just that simple."
76561198063214018,Recommended,219990,13546478,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TheBlueBomber343,If you get the right skills you can cause an explosion with every punch. 10/10
76561198166234469,Recommended,219990,13582293,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DesSanctYew,"Grim Dawn is the juggernaut of ARPG's. You've got 6 pure classes which you can choose to play as a single class or once you reach level 10 you can choose to go dual class. So you've got 15 different dual class combinations along with the 6 base classes.Another feature that further differentiates your character is the devotion system which is a bit daunting looking at first, but it works really well. It basically adds stat modifiers and unlocks procs which the latter even levels up.The game also happens to have a lot of great mods that make the game even better in various manners. The game is so good basically you may very well never need another ARPG is the bottom line."
76561198066917850,Recommended,219990,16617885,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kingboy D,"This game is excellent.If you're hesitant, what can it hurt to try it out?This game is fleshed out for what has been released thus far (June 2015). There's still some bugs here and there but overall, a very smooth experience with lots of stuff to explore and freedom to build a character you want to play by mixing up two masteries.I was thinking it had a very diablo 2 feel when I first started playing but over time I realized Grim Dawn really has it's own unique feel. The C'hthonian cultists dialogue is great, for example - and the creepiness definitely works. The mood and vibe fits the magicocalypse feel of the game. The faction system makes things interesting and melee combat in an arpg never felt so rewarding with the options available.I'm stoned and could have written this better, but just buy it, experience it."
,Recommended,219990,16726964,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Taggerungo,If you don't want this game you should.
76561197970497094,Recommended,219990,16745261,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,SpectreWolf,"This diablo-like game has great controls, fantastic stability for an early access  (I think I've only had it crash ONCE, in the many hours I've played.  What AAA title can say that?).  The graphics are fantastic.  Details everywhere, environment, charachters, storyline.  Solid levelling and skills system, with a myriad of items.  I just want to thank the graphic designers of this game, the developers, and testers involved.  You've released a great, solid game.I would request one feature, a checkbox for the disabling of loss of XP on death.  Purely personal preference, but some of us don't like losing XP and possible levels when we accidently wander into the waiting ambush of murder as we explore a dungeon.  Not a complaint, just a kind request :)"
,Recommended,219990,16787042,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,braiNN,cool game
,Recommended,219990,11396644,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,HomeyDaClown,I have been looking for a good replacement for Diablo 2 for a LONG time as far as having that dark feel to it.  This is PERFECT !!!!  Though this game does not have a necromancer it does have the Occultist which is close enough and satifies quite well.  I was very sceptical of the fact it was Early Access but am impressed with how well put together this is in its stage of build 19 (as of this review)
,Recommended,219990,13563328,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Giggle Schittz,"From the moment I started playing Titan Quest at a young age, I fell in love with it. Yet, over time I soon began to think ""Man, this would be so cool with guns!"" BOOM! Grim Dawn."
76561198038765383,Recommended,219990,14854435,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,DaftRock,The game is great! Worth the money spent.Game capped by titan quest as well Crate Entertainment pay attention to the little details That makes the game even more special.Steampunk theme.Unique Monster / Item.Helth constitution system.Much more equipment sloth.10/10 for me.
76561198166627148,Recommended,219990,16654761,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Aristede Collins,"When i first played the game it reminded of a Diablo/Torchlight kind of top down rpg. But, the more i play it the more addicting it is. Love the classes, love the ability to make each class different ways with talent points and be able to respect out the points in powers you dont want in your build. While the graphics might not be as eye catching as Torchlight, they arent cartoony like it either. What i love is they dont overwhelm you with bright colours, they only let the spells illuminate thru the darkness, a wonderful experience! At level 2 you decide your class, at level 10 you have the option of dual class your character. My only complaint is you cannot respect out the points you put in the bottom mastery bar. So dual classers take heed, spend those mastery points wisely, you cant undo those mistakes. Ultimately, you may end up deleting a toon or two if youre a min/maxer like myself, but thats fine because half the fun of this game is leveling up a new toon you either made a build for or found online. The crafting system is fun, and you can kite with both melee and casters if that is your playstyle. The amount of ways to build a character are endless, you will have loads of fun experimenting, if you find yourself dying read some play guides and builds. They help Tremendously! A character you may believe is weak could be the most powerful if you slot the points the right and gear based on your primary attack will make you 100% more effective.  I highly recommend this game, get a friend and play multiplayer always because solo is always slow, 1 or 2 group members and the exp flys."
76561198146263128,Recommended,219990,16786070,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,kailas.polas,Best ARPG you can get. Highly recommend! And it keeps growing ^^
76561198032180354,Recommended,219990,14819869,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,azrael_2022,"This is by far one of the most refreshing diablo-esq games on the market at the moment. The skill system whilest appearing initally to be similar to most other titles on offer, is in fact highly versatile and lets you customize a truly unique character. Its not complete, and as an early release not expected to be, but the content available so far is imersive and fun, whilst providing enough challenge to keep any veteran of the genre satisfied for many hours. HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDto the devs: amazing work guys please keep it coming! Will be hanging on every new release :)"
,Recommended,219990,13633600,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[UmbrA] circasomnia,"My Highest character is level 24 of and so far the game is solid. Nothing too new but a lot of little nuances that do make it stand apart from the obvious comparisons of D3 and POE. This game does feel like it draws some insiprations from POE, but fighting is much cleaner and much more well told story. I like POE's writing but not the storytelling honestly. Nice world so far, easy to be immersed. I believe i'm still in act 1 but I've logged a lot hours just making different builds. I hear the devs plan to raise the cap from 40 to 75 on release. Not one you want to miss if you felt like D3 was a dissapointment and enjoy POE but want something a little different + pants."
76561198072211425,Recommended,219990,13741672,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,RaVeN,"Due to the fact that Grim Dawn is an action RPG created by much of the team (and the tech) behind Titan Quest ( and its expasion) , I highly recomand this game to all TQ fans and specialy to all action RPG fans.Taking in consideration this games is still under developement , I can say that it is a very good promising game!From my point of view it's a must have game!"
76561198168923379,Recommended,219990,13874900,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SeMixBRo,im lost for words.
,Recommended,219990,14922351,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Calesti,"Got item ""Soiled Trousers""Put trousers on, gained ability ""Throw Feces"" from item.Literally♥♥♥♥♥♥on my enemies.10/10 would defecate again."
76561198042099801,Recommended,219990,16652339,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Tical,Great game! Love the skill tree and combination of classes! Definitely reccomend it!
,Recommended,219990,16685038,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,MrNobushi,Fun! Felt like Diablo II style; love that. Great with friends!
76561197988311452,Recommended,219990,16986777,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Abraxo Cleaner,"TLDR; Great ARPG in the style of Diablo 2 and Titan Quest with dreary atmosphere, great music and hordes of enemies to kill and loot. 10/10 would mercilessly annihilate hordes of enemies again.If you love ARPG's like Diablo 3 and Torchlight but miss the gritty and brutal atmosphere of Diablo 2 then this game is something that should be on your radar. Fantastic atmosphere with unique classes and an interesting dual class leveling system. Combat feels responsive and solid. The character animations leave a bit to be desired but it is very easy to overlook this gripe with the shear amount of fun you are gonna have clicking on things to make them explode. It's not a bad looker either with strangely vibrant colors for such a dreary world. The story is what you'd expect from an ARPG like this. The world is being threatened by some overwhelming force and you are special in some way and must fight to save humanity from annihilation. It's nothing to write home about but it does its job of setting up the world in which you will be slaughtering endless masses of enemy scum with an array of abilities and weapons. The music is also a standout as it does a good job of fitting the overall atmosphere that the game is going for."
,Recommended,219990,13568502,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Drecq,"I enjoy this game greatly, it reminds me of Path of Exile which was also a very good game. I enjoy the classes and would like to see maybe more classes be added but the dual class system adds a new realm of possibilities for custom classes."
,Recommended,219990,13568958,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,bad_cluster,"This might be it!Even when it feels a bit rough around the edges, and it looks a bit bland, I can't stop playing it! It feels good and it is addictive.  You keep playing a little more to just finish that area, or to get just one more level, or to try this new armor/weapon you just got after you finished clearing that area.Last time I had similar experience with this genre was back in Diablo 2 days, and then in Titan Quest.By the way, Crate Entertainment consists of former members  from Iron Lore Entertainment, the company behind Titan Quest.This is one of those rare cases when Early Access means that the game is only going to get better down the road, and the game you already have feels complete enough to be a release candidate.It really feels like this might become an ARPG to go to if Path of Exile with its online only model and crazy difficulty spikes is not for you.EDIT: Forgot to add one fairly important detail:The world is fixed, there is no procedurally generated areas as far as I can tell, that hurts replayability. But if this game turns out anything like Titan Quest (which was huge), this wont be much of an issue unless you are looking to sink in 100+ hours into it."
76561197985800493,Recommended,219990,14956794,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Sundaenuts,"Great story (if you enjoy reading, which I do). Another loot fest with deep mechanics that are not imediately obvious. Enjoying it quite a bit."
,Recommended,219990,15860548,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,NoOneCares,Great game.  This might be better than my first play of Diablo 2!  Well worth the money even in dev.
,Recommended,219990,16799072,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,TheKildar,"A fantastic ARPG, the ability to combine skill classes and variety of options within each class, combined with the fact there are many quests where your choices make a difference in the outcome, make for a lot of replayability and the quality of gameplay is excellent, I would never think it was in Early Access if I didn't already know."
,Recommended,219990,17133187,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,fredd69,"If you like Warhammer Fantasy, and you like Diablo, this is the game for you. Incredibly well polished and constant updates are impressive considering it is technically still in Beta."
,Recommended,219990,17224083,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,rondfranks,Looking forward to the full release.  Excellent game.
76561198010100925,Recommended,219990,12343530,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,FrostySlayer,"Great Game, Great ARPG. Developers know what they are doing, and are constantly polishing the rough edges off this game as it progresses towards completion. I bought it the day they released act 2 content, and I've seen many changes since that have improved the balance and mechanics of the game. I got to the end of act 2 a month or two after I got it, and started playing again a month or two ago and found that when I started a new character my entire game experience changed, for the better. Keep up the good work Devs."
,Recommended,219990,14122975,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,milath,"Oh wow, a sort of spiritual sequel to Tital Quest??? God, yes! This game kicks so much♥♥♥♥♥ Fun to combine 2 jobs into a kick♥♥♥♥♥character. Don't know why other ARPGs haven't tried this concept too... Anyhow, it is early access, so the game is not complete yet, but it seems to be 'feature complete' as they are mostly just adding the 'acts' to the storyline one by one in their updates. Some minor balancing still being done but overall it feels nearly done already. An example of Early Access done right, right here. If you loved Titan Quest or action RPGs in general, this one is *very* highly recommended."
,Recommended,219990,16613666,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,l0stkausality,"An excellent, atmospheric Diablo-like that plays well and rewards."
,Recommended,219990,16878222,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Footsome,This is an attempt to raise this game's User Review to its deserved status - Overwhelmingly Positive.
76561198006577736,Recommended,219990,11428724,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Basic Bitch,"I've played this game for a bit in my free time at work and I think I've summed up a good idea of how this game is now and where it is headed.This game ""is a passion project by a small team of experienced developers"" and it shows in many ways. There are a lot of fine details that you wouldn't expect and a lot of overall design that shows that they have their vision and are following it quite well.Some examples: The Art direction is fantastic. The character models are well designed, albeit very limited, in that all players look the same currently with only the armor and weapons distinguishing them. This shows they wanted to spend their important resources on great looking armor and weapons, but that they may not have the time to implament individual models which is a great trade off.The combat is mostly balanced with a lot of small changes expected before release. Some skills feel underpowered or clunky while others shine brilliantly. The skill I'm thinking most of is the skill where your soldier charges to an enemy. I love the concept, but the execution of it bugs out and sometimes I'll permenantly run into a wall twitching out. Although trying the demolitionist gave me a complete 180 and the skills feel great and mesh well together. Although some builds are more viable due to the lack of support gear designed to allow a greater range of builds. Most resistances on Armor are pretty useless as there aren't enough enemies with strong types of damage to worry about covering your resistances especially Chaos damage. Only damage type I've had annoyances with were Cold, Poison and Bleeding.Pets feel underpowered to me, although I haven't taken Pets up to max level range at this time and tried a full pet build. I can't imagine them clearing swaths of enemies like my Bullets can or my Passive arc attacks on Soldier. Will change/update if I get the opportunity to test them more thoroughly.The game runs fairly smooth, but at this time it feels like it drags. In time I expect optimization of the game to bring a smooth experience to a wider range of computers. I'm running a i7 4700 and GTX 765M and I have a hard time keeping a smooth frame rate in larger crowds. Although I get similar performance on my on die GPU so it shows that not only will the game potentially run fantastic on more modest computers, I expect with some time they will have a premium experience on nicer hardware.The town upgrading feels very underdeveloped currently. I'd love to see it flesh out considerably and would love to see the rift sitting in town work double to allow access to the Aetherial Realm and possibly a Chaos Realm giving it more purpose than a quick hub to dump stuff and grab a few quests.Monsters feel varied enough, although it feels kind of off. I wish some monsters would have more mechanics than ""RUN AND HIT"" or ""RUN AND SHOOT"". I like some of the goblin type monsters who can heal and the summoner type who raise mobs to swarm you. I'd love to see the beasts who shoot you from range unleash a thorns effect if you get close causing you damage for being close or to see the zombies get up a second time occasionally. Although I'm happy, that would be a fine touch that would definitely go a long way to making the world feel more fleshed out.The Lore is great, but I want more. The universe is fantastic.Overall I feel this game is a solid 7/10 right now for being early access. It's very fun, worth every penny they ask for and definitely a promising game with a bright (Grim) future. Looking forward to seeing some truly devious things come from these developers."
,Recommended,219990,17213901,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,MarleVVLL,Solid ARPG. Complex. Has some issues (performance and combat can have more iterations) but the positives outweigh the negatives.
,Recommended,219990,16342082,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SouL,"Ive played a lot of so called RNG diablo isometric games and this is by far one of the best yet. Its a great follow up to Titan Quest and wish I could say the same when comparing d2 and d3.Unlike a lot of other fixed camera arpg games grim dawn offers a camera that can rotate which is very handy for finding hidden areas or looking at an area in a different way. Plenty of lore to explore, set items, crafting, modify/upgrade abilities and even mix up your class choice to hybrid. Projectile attacks can be blocked (null) with other projectiles which is an interesting take on an arpg and not many have done it.The game has almost past my expectations other than map sizes, maybe im just being a tad too picky but I would like to see much bigger expansive maps, all in consideration this is a no brainer for diablo style game lovers, just buy it."
76561197965585652,Recommended,219990,16805074,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Juoni,I can recommend this game to everyone who liked playing games like Diablo. So far i have played this game over 30 hours and it just keeps getting better!
76561197970519976,Recommended,219990,17165333,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Fried Turkey,"I've been following Grim Dawn's development for over 2 years now. I couldn't wait for official release any longer. I'm so glad I pulled the trigger and bought the game!It's got everything a good ARPG should have:Great character progressionGreat combatImmersive settingLoot!Highly AddictiveThese are just a few things that make this an outstanding ARPG! If you're a fan of other great ARPGs such as Diablo, Titan Quest, and POE, then you owe it to yourself to check out Grim Dawn."
76561198158505385,Recommended,219990,12796018,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Maiq_is_a_liar,"Game is currently in development so some bugs like user interfaces disappearing sometimes. Great game, reminds me of Diablo 2. Many different classes, and ability to combine classes. Huge playstyle variability. I like occultist, you can make great summoner. Loads of different gear too."
,Recommended,219990,13641347,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Babar,"So far a very solid hack & Slash. Lots of class possibilities, good quests, difficulty is okay. Could use a little polish, but that's what early access is for, right ?If you're a fan of loot piles and exploding monsters, this is totally worth checking into."
,Recommended,219990,14041677,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Phyrex,"Really great game some clunky features but thats to be expected in early phases of the game. It has tremendous potential, I can only hope more people get involved so I have people to play with."
,Recommended,219990,14143460,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Parrk,"A ton of fun.Slow development of new content.I love this game and have owned it for a long time now, around six months I guess.When I bought it there were two complete acts.  I played the available content on 2-3 toons and had a blast.  Act 3 has not yet been released 6 months later.  This isn't a case of a new dev who raided chumps wallets and bolted.  No, these are veterans who will definitely finish the game, and it will be great....but when?It's frustrating is all.Great game though.  If I didn't want more then it wouldn't bother me that it wasn't ready.I highly suggest this game, though if you are like me, it may be better to wait til it is closer to complete."
76561197962300120,Recommended,219990,14301502,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,jcameron_56,great game cant wait for more content. i wish there was more games like this.come on new content
76561197977124927,Recommended,219990,14859608,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,kage,"This game is what Diablo 3 should have been, or if they had a perfect sequal to Titan's Quest, this is it.Storyline is great (but nothing mind-blowing), graphics and sound are both good, mechanics is typical for the action RPG genre.  However, when you tie everything together, the entire experience is where the game really shines.The gameplay is so smooth that it's flawless, no bugs no glitches, just pure fun. As it's an early access game, the story only goes up to the beginning of Act 3 for now, but going from quest to quest, i was always compelled to complete that next quest, always telling myself to spend just another couple minutes to see what new areas and loots i can discover before i call it quits. I ended up almost pulling an all-nighter.Having played a good number of action RPGs over the past decade, Grim Dawn sits very close to the top of the list - highly recommended.UPDATE - After 40+ hours of gameplay and having started on a new build. Overall still an excellent game but i did notice a few things that could be improved.(1) The maps are not procedurally generated. This is by no means a major issue but it does get a bit boring having memorized all the routes on the 2nd play through.(2) Epic item drops seem to be somewhat repetitive, while there is a decent variety, but i still ended up with several of the same epics each with minor variations in stats. But it is possible that i am stuck at level ~40 and can't progress any further in the early access."
,Recommended,219990,16666603,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kleopatra,"The more I play this, the more I like it.  It's quite polished for an early access game, and any bugs I came across were worked through pretty easily with the help of the official forums.  I love the flexibility and that it's more interesting and complex than several other ARPGs out there."
76561198126606561,Recommended,219990,16724078,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Ram,This is the best ARPG I have played since Diablo 2 LoD.
,Recommended,219990,17009534,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ハル　>_<,Probably the best action RPG ever existed. (So is TQIT)You can have lot of fun without getting addicted. Heheh :D9/10
76561197983324630,Recommended,219990,11044735,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,owen445x,"I love this game, I tell myself that I need to get to bed in like 30 min and then 2 or 3 hours go by! It's cool that its almost medieval themed, but not. You have guns and weapons with abandoned towns and stuff, but it happened so long ago that it's old school hack and slash. The graphics are pretty decent and the game play is a lot of fun with the different classes. I am already having way more fun with this game than I ever did with Diablo 3."
,Recommended,219990,11527867,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,bloo,Abosolutely love this game. There are minor things that I would like to see changed but don't effect the gameplay at all (the coloring system for items is one expample). If you have played Diablo you will love this game. Reminds me heavily of Diablo 2. 9.98/10
,Recommended,219990,11994906,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Rominiust,"Fantastic game, very Titan Quest like, but in a different era.  I'm having a lot of fun with it, and it's definitely worth the $25 price tag, pick it up, play it with mates since Multiplayer is out now, and have fun with it!"
,Recommended,219990,13905546,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,The Meme 21,Created 23 characters23/10would create more characters
76561198166317502,Recommended,219990,14005809,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,realsciencefaction,"Amazingly polished for a game that isn't even in beta yet.I have 168 hours logged into Grim Dawn already, and all I can say is: Finally, I found a game to satisfy my cravings for Diablo 2."
76561198027715988,Recommended,219990,16636891,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,captain_nate,"There's probably nothing I could say that a hundred other people haven't articulated better already, just wanted to add my small amount of support.  This game is good.  Very good.  If you enjoy ARPGs in any way, you owe it to yourself to play this game.  This team has a great history (Titan Quest FTW), and has produced a great game.  'Nuff said."
76561198008341063,Recommended,219990,16694461,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Jheriko99,"Awesome game, good loot system. give me legendaries!"
76561198031317961,Recommended,219990,11949599,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,ChaoticGnat,"This game is rated A for awesome, even though it's still in development the game looks and feels great. if you liked titan Quest you'll love this one"
76561198068288098,Recommended,219990,16884469,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Shevek,"This is a great arpg. I strongly recommend this to folks who remember Diablo 2 fondly and were less than pleased with Diablo 3. The character and itemization systems are some of the best I have ever experienced in this kind of game. The graphics are strong and the game establishes a strong sense of ambiance. The sound is good and the effects help the action feel impactful.The only negative is that there is no BNet like server to prevent cheating and better promote party play. Overall, this is a must buy for fans of the genre. It is easily better than the next contender (Path of Exile) and well worth the low price."
,Recommended,219990,17226735,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Логоваз,"Although it is still in the process of development, Grim Dawn is already quite a great game. Could have made a long and detailed review, but it all can be done in a few words: imagine Titan Quest + improved graphics + improved items handling system + improved quests system and that would be Grim Dawn.Oh, and I forgot to mention the main improvement. Now there's blood and gibs! Toasty!"
76561198054489562,Recommended,219990,13717125,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,El Taacos,"This game is like a upgrade of Titan Quest , more fun and more challenging . He have some new epic concept and take some good gameplay of ancient HnS to make it more complex ... only an early access , but damn this game is one of my best purchase of the year !2015 : Still my favorite game."
,Recommended,219990,14034368,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Cpt. Gummy,"Love this game! its so fun, even though its still in early access its very playable. I havent even found a bug yet.If your into the Baldurs Gate that came out on the ps2 and Xbox, you will like this game for sure."
,Recommended,219990,16579836,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ShadowWalker,"Highly recommended!I've played released games **cough, cough,EA, cough** withmanymore issues than I've encountered with this ""Early Access"" version.  I'm 27 hours in with very few issues - possibly 5 crashes in total.The Titan Quest roots are very obvious, which in my mind is a good thing - I have hundreds of hours in Titan Quest, and am currently replaying it again in co-op thru Tunngle.Its difficulty is higher than TQ; some balancing might fix that (yesterday's hotfix is said to address some balancing issues - I got two large updates overnight). It also doesn't have TQ's respawn fountains. If you die, you respawn in town and have to use whichever portal is closest to your death marker. In some cases, that can be a looooong slog back to your grave marker to reclaim your XP. I've therefore gotten into the habit of throwing up a portal every so often, even if I have no intention of travelling back to town.Buy it, play the heck out of it, enjoy!"
76561197965602081,Recommended,219990,16667578,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,NeonBootyGoon,"I highly recommend this game so far, with some minor caveats.**Possible spoilers in this review**I enjoy action RPG's more than any genre. I've put well into the thousands of hours in Diablo 2, hundreds in Diablo 3, and a good amount in many many others (Torchlight 1 & 2, The Van Helsing series, Path of Exile, etc.) So when I say this game surpasses almost all of them, it's probably on par right now with Torchlight 2 and Path of Exile, but falls short of the amazingness that is Diablo 2.But to be among games like TL2 and PoE is a huge compliment, I think both of those games are great. This game right now has the majority of things it's needs to be doing right, done right. Many of the problems and ""cons"" I have about this game can, and hopefully should be rectified by ""official launch.""So lets go over what it does right -Pro's --In depth character customization allowing for varied builds, whacky characters, etc.-A deep itemization, solid crafting system, good enhancement system with gems or ""add-ons""-Combat is fluid and fun.-Combat is not ""cheap"", in the sense that it does not have things to bypass builds or such. (For example, in Path of Exile, no matter how tanky you build and get, a end game boss can one shot you due to game mechanics. I personally find that to be a cheap and unsatisfying game mechanic. So far nothing like that has seemed to come up. Note: so far**)-Online multiplayer has a reminiscent feel to Diablo 2.-Quests and Faction rep feels like you're making a difference in this world.-Ability to open up your class to more options via items that provide skills/bonuses. (For example, a rune that allows my Commando to dual wield pistols. This brings me back to Diablo 2 runewords where you get skills from items. This opened up the game to massive customization, and I love that aspect in Grim Dawn)-Ability to respec skill points without massive costs associated to them.Con's --Convoluted as hell stat system. Diablo 2, TL 2, PoE, etc. all had in depth stat/skill systems that were easier to understand. You had stats, you put points into them, if a item changed it, it would directly show how it changed it, and what it did. In Grim Dawn, i still have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what half the stuff is and how it relates to skills due to lack of information, and really poorly worded skill descriptions.For example:If i have an item that gives a +20% fire damage bonus, and have a skill that reads as such:100% weapon damage+50 fire damage+65% weapon damageWhat does the item do? Does it provide a + 10 fire damage bonus to that skill and that’s it? Or does the +65 weapon damage apply to the fire since its beneath it, there for making the fire damage portion of the skill be (65% weapon damage as fire + 50), therefor making it a (72.5% weapon damage + 60) due to the item. I don't know, but that’s how multiple of the skills are worded. Why wouldn't it be something simple like:If the 65% was supposed to be just weapon damage-165% weapon damage+50 fire damageOr if the 65% was a fire modifier-100% weapon damage+65% weapon damage + 50 as fireBut back to stats in general. There are 5000 different stats in this game, and 3 character panels just to show all the info. Problem is most of the info shown doesn't actually tell you what it means, or enough to deduce on your own what it means. There is also just info straight up missing.Again, for example:Cunning is said to increase your chance to crit, but I can't find a crit chance stat anywhere, although there is a crit damage % multiplier stat. Defense is a ton of numbers all over the place. If you go a hover the Defense ability stat you'll see numbers all over, with no info on what any of it means. I have armor absorption on my chest of 104, is that good, bad, I have no idea because I have no idea what that means. Is it a flat value taken off of attacks, is it a value that is then broken down to a % of damage reduced?I cannot stress how much the stats and skills need to be reworded and expanded on so the player base can easily understand what it all does, and how it interacts with each other.-The questing, and the map both are vague and frustrating. I get a quest, and they tell me to go someplace. That in itself is simple enough, Im fine with that. There are Stars (sometimes) leading me in the right direction, sometimes they just say ""go north east"" and I walk. Thats where the map comes in. From what I can tell, from playing a couple characters now, the map is static, it is not randomly generated. Again, thats fine, but the map is a god damn maze. With vague directions, and the map having 500 dead ends, and when you bring up the actual ""map"" you can’t even tell where you are, you get irritated fast. I still have multiple quests I haven’t done due to having no clue where to go anymore.It's fine if you want to make the map a maze, it's fine if you want to be vague, but it would be nice if you either did what torchlight did, and just put an icon on the mini map that constantly would let you know where it was in relation to you. Or do something WoW style, and show the area on the map where the quest is, and a general zone where the quest could be completed.-There's no options for the mini map. In many of games the map could be brought up to be an overlay on the screen, I haven't found a way to do that yet, and the mini map in the corner is lacking as of right now.-Very little to go off of in the beginning. Diablo 3 was a pretty fuggin bad game, but it made sure you knew what was going on from the start. Now I have a ton of AARP experience under my belt, so I was able to figure out what was going on with relative ease. The Skill system is like Van helsing, ok... Stats like Diablo 2, ok... etc. But I didn't even know I had a  built in ""town  portal"" till I was like lvl 10 and stumbled upon it. Things like that make a game hard to get into from a noobs perspective. I want this game, and the indie company to succeed, and with game design like that, it may not. Somebody who has never played an AARP before is going to be very lost, and unless they can figure it out on their own, or google it, they will just give up.---------------The reason why I wrote a short novel on this, and why it was mostly on the negative is because this game is still being developed and I genuinely enjoy it and want to see this game succeed. I am having as much fun now as I did with both Torchlight 2 and PoE when they both released. Thing is Grim Dawn hasn't even released yet, and I’m enjoying it that much. That means this could potentially be the game to dethrone Diablo 2 for me, but it needs work. This game is being made by an indie company, with apparently only 8 members. I want to support this game, so Im giving it a positive review, and already got my roommate to buy it and play it with me.This game has massive, massive potential. I truly hope it reaches it."
76561197991919198,Recommended,219990,12184687,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,elder scrotem ThaiRim,"Great game ! ! !wow, these guys have put a LOT of effort into this game & it shows that they built TQ & TQIT.Game looks great, game play is lots of fun & these days it's hard to get this quality @ this price point.Totally ALL appendages UP...Horray for dev's like these.Play it  if a friend has it, you will see for yourself.Another game along these lines is POE, Free N also has the same level of dedication.If U R♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with reg d3, you want to own N play this this for a fraction of the cost & won't regret it.Lastly......they did fix D3 with reaper but it's a tad too late N seems sorta ""cheaped"" out."
,Recommended,219990,12236310,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ProxyUK,"Great game to get your classic Dungeon Siege/Diablo fix.  Good graphics, sound and the story is playing out well (so far). On the map you can see large zones/areas to come but even as an alpha theres plenty of towns/caverns/wilderness to get your teeth into. With bugs and glitches few and far between (even in its current state) its turning out to be a well made game."
,Recommended,219990,12434898,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Sirsmokesalotta,"This game is going to be awesome. It feels right. I dunno. D3, i played it when it came out, it was fun, but got boring pretty quickly. Once you tried out all the skills and figured out what worked, meh. This game seems like there is a bit more variation in the builds and it is still not even released yet! It plays the way i was hoping Path of Exile would play. Poe is a fine game for being f2p but this game right here.. I am finally excited about an ARPG again :D"
,Recommended,219990,13263773,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,LazarusLuzbel,Great game. Love the look and atmosphere in the game.
,Recommended,219990,13453412,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dil,"If you are a fan of games such as Diablo 2 or Titan Quest then Grim Dawn is the game for you. It's nothing special but it everything it does, it does well. Keep in mind that it is still early access and there are a few obvious bugs that you may come across but Crate (devs) have been very good so far with updating the game."
,Recommended,219990,13515580,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,𝕮𝖗𝖊𝖆𝖒𝖜𝖔𝖑𝖋,Fantastic ARPG with a dual class system. Good old fun like Diablo 2 and Titan Quest!
,Recommended,219990,14799676,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,imortus,"This is exactly the kind of game I will spend 100+ hours playing when it's complete. For now, I played just long enough to make that determination, and realize that I will very disappointed if I continued to play it in its incomplete state. I look very forward to the final product."
76561197997853773,Recommended,219990,14828347,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,pynladfish,"The game has a distinct Diablo 3 feel, but provides a lot more customization of your character by adding more skill choices and allowing multiclassing.  Even as an early access game, there is still easily 20-40 hours of play content (depending on how much you read journal entries and such).  Easy gameplay mechanics and nice graphics.  Looking forward to more content when its finished."
,Recommended,219990,14925342,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Bellesaurus rex  🐲,"Early Access Review   ]Editted for Release]█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄Grim Dawn is a game that is basicly decrisbed as if Diablo2 had a baby with Torchlight 2 and was raised by Path of ExileThe talent Trees are Large and you pick up to 2 Masterys 1 at start 2nd at level 10. You never have to worry about running into lower level Enemies as they scale to your level and bosses are always higher.The game play is simple and great.You can go solo or go with others and crush the evilThe music is top notch and out of all the hack slash get better loot games i've played this is the only game where i've not felt the need to play other music as the music of the game fits in perfectly with what you are doing.Release Review Still just as fantastic as early access. Music is still top notch, game play is still incredible and its still much more fun than Diablo 3 or PoE."
76561198068365353,Recommended,219990,16650504,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Venom Snake,"I spent a lot of time playing Diablo 2 when I was younger, and spent even more time playing Diablo 3. I was a fan of the game, even before it got fixed with ROS. I ran every class in Torchlight and Torchlight 2. Point being; I ♥♥♥♥ing love my dungeon crawling, and I love my loot fests.I've followed Grim Dawn's progress since the Kickstarter. I didn't have a job at the time, so I never invested and I've held off on purchasing in Early Access because I didn't want to get a bad impression of the game. I finally cracked and bought into it.The game starts in a basic hub city, and with a basic ""go kill this weak boss"" quest. After that, the world opens up. You are indroduced to factions that you may work for and gain reputation that gives you access to faction stores (not unlike WoW). Some areas you'll never see in the main quest line, and the game really rewards exploration with lore and loot.And the class system is divine. It can be a little overwhelming at first (don't expect to keep your first character). The game has a wide selection of classes that all play differently. They all fit a stereotype (Soldier = Warrior, Nightblade = Rouge, etc.) but at level 10 you get to select a second class. Some of the classes don't blend very well, such as a Soldier/Nightblade build. Many skills require certain weapons in each class, and they can conflict with each other. Building a character takes careful planning, but is very rewarding.If you enjoy exploring, loot and rewarding leveling, this is the perfect game. It's amazing what a small indie team can put together when they are truly invested. Grim Dawn is an A+ example of old gaming done right in a modern time of microtransactions and DLC. Once this game is completed, you can be assured I'll be investing in any and all expansions.tl;dr Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198007783346,Recommended,219990,16800623,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Xfile99,"Ok First Let me say that I am a huge Diablo III fan but the gear and item situation in the game lacks greatly. Once a new patch comes out the old gear is no longer viable. Along comes Grim Dawn and they have the item stats and drops right so far. I have been using a mixture of white and yellow and I got my first green a couple of days ago. As I progress thru the game the monsters scale and the items stay relavent. I have compared several items that have dropped and like the scale of the stats in the early access quite well. Gameplay is solid after you figure it out. Builds can be varied and provide ability groups for mixing and matching tooyour style of play, which I love, SOlid early access platform I would reccommend to anyone burned out on Diablo III competitive play. I have not ventured into multiplay yet, and have just completed the Warden quest which an WAS INSANE ending of a chapter. My only complaint is that I cant play it on my Surface III I7 as the mouse support is not there. Dev team please patch this QUICK so I am never far from the game!  I found the Fix in the Forums....This is an amazing game!"
76561197970834319,Recommended,219990,11984500,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Mord_Sith,"Once in a while a game comes along that you have a hard time putting down, sometimes it's losing track of time, sometimes it's a case of one-more-turnitis, sometimes you even fight to keep going that little bit longer...Grim Dawn is one of those games, (in the 'Little bit longer' category), the story is interesting and well paced, the estimated timeperiod I would say feels almost early Renaissance in the vibe it tries to capture and the gameplay elements are solid.The only major complaint I have against it is the MAJOR disparity between selling prices and buying prices, I'm not talking 50% off here, I'm talking in the ballpark of 80-90% off the buying price of the item to sell it off, after the first five levels or so it's not even worthwhile to pick up items that aren't magic to clog up your inventory.A few minor complaints include the overly large and unnecessary visual UI, it gets in the way at times, and the camera pan is a problem when heading downward, I always get blindsided by some critter as I'm going towards the UI on the screen as it takes up so much real-estate I can never see 'em coming.The lack of visual cues for breakable or openable objects is also a bit of a pain, I've taken to blasting the stuffing out of every item I see that might be breakable, chairs, tables, cabinets, headstones, etc. because some breakables have items in them as I found out to my surprise during one firefight.Finally, more on a feature / preference front, there really is no visual customization for the player character, you're male or female, that's it, beyond that it's all in your rusty, fleabitten, bent, and corroded hardware you find and strap to whatever you feel needs the most protection. Now for single player mode this isn't a big problem, but with the new multiplayer it can be a bit of a bother if three fellows are standing shoulder to shoulder and looking practically identical.All in all it's got a lot of promise, if you enjoyed the Diablo series the mechanics will be familiar to you, one thing to remember, with firearms / ranged weapons, the shift key is your friend, you won't chase the baddies from here to hell's half-acre or start trying to squaredance with them."
,Recommended,219990,12161428,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ogskillet,"The most fun, well-crafted,  Diablo-esque game I've played in a long time - and it isn't even finished yet. One thing that really struck me is that you can often kill enemies and obtain the armor and weapons you see them wielding. Dude keeps mowing you down with a badass gun or sword? Kill him and take it. How cool is that?  I'm hooked.edit: 700+ hours later, and it's still holding up. With all the patches and released content, things steadily improve. The developers seem to listen to the community very carefully. I will say I've noticed after installing it on slower computers that it is absolutely brutal on hardware, so hopefully we see some performance improvments in the future."
76561197972728326,Recommended,219990,12889166,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Citizen Warrior,I love the game so far. Just finished off the Warden. I did have a small issue in the game where my stats changed mid game. I had a Physique of 309 and changed to 283 not letting me wear a helmet and shield. I am now on level 25 and moving on to the next section of the game. I like this game so much I want to take part in helping make this game even better.
76561197978381846,Recommended,219990,16603951,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cageymaru,"Sometimes there are games that deserve special mention.  Grim Dawn is one because it not only plays like a perfectly paced ARPG, but it is darn fun at the same time.  It looks beautiful with it's morbid decay prevalent on enemies and an attention to detail that is second to none in the genre.  Storm ravaged homes never looked this good before!The skills in the game work.  There is none of the Diablo III nerfs and buffs.  If you put points into a skill it means that you can count upon it to destroy or save you.  The multiplayer is awesome also because it isn't mandatory and you can host your buddies without worrying about some server in the middle of nowhere being overloaded.Really the game is so much fun and I don't know anyone can pass upon it if the love ARPGs.  This game is a keeper!  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,219990,12379945,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,JerCo,"This game will be amazing. The dark feel, and  ""steampunkish"" style really satisfies. Currently playing level 22 Pyromencer, Ive been playing PoE for the last couple years off and on always keeping an eye on GD. I finally bought the game about a week ago, and have played about 22hrs since. Its I recomend this game in the state thats in and only expect more incredible polish and content from these guys.Edit: After finishing the content at around level 35, completing all currently available quests. This game is definately worth the cost, Crafting system is pretty unique, although it fills your inventory pretty quick, gameplay is fun and items/enemies are unique. I was playing a ranged character and always felt pretty on par with the content, yet still challenging.Support this game, Id love to see how this plays out  =)"
,Recommended,219990,13048042,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,snek,A huge guy with a star over his head came at me from offscreen and almost murdered me. I peed a little.9/10 highly recommend to people who like PoE or Diablo.Updated Review: 11/10 actually the best ARPG. Buy this if you like videogames.
,Recommended,219990,13521142,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Goodnight,AWESOME OF COURSE!!!Feeling the force behind every attack you make is so satisfying :3
76561198022459057,Recommended,219990,13651558,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Plague,9.5/10
76561197999528062,Recommended,219990,14952184,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Gucker Rizer,"Yes as you can see this game is D3 like game. Many of the most popular WOW/Diablo clone are just pale imitations compare to their  older brother, but this game is the exception the confirms the rule. Despite its ressemblance to D3, it bring new story, new environments and some features. At beginning this game may look confusing with new spell mechanics, new name, new gems crafting system that is quite different from Diablo. But if you read carefully and take  the chance to fight and learn your caracter , the mechanics become obvious.My only complain is the lack of content(its early access so its normal)All the rest of the game is smooth and graphicly enjoyable. I recommend this game, but if you want to play a full finished and polished game...give it some time as we are not even close to the final version, but the best is yet to come.I got this game  on sale for 13$ and it was well worth it..I strongly recommend for you to wait for this game to be on sale..well in its current state."
76561197971402013,Recommended,219990,16577615,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,GreenGuard,"I made the mistake of installing it and loging in to create my character.I played 1,5 hours and I stopped only because my daughter woke up. Thanks G!"
,Recommended,219990,16649359,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dragon Ace,"Not regret buying this game. Better D2, better TQ, better TL2, better POE, better D3!"
,Recommended,219990,16689772,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mark-Anthony,This game is awesome Its a 2015 Diablo 2 very nice i hope many the community will get bigger with time !
,Recommended,219990,11106511,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Jigz,"I have put a good amount of hours into GD now so i think it's time to write a review.The game is obviously in early access at the time I write this review.+Really fun combat.+Great skill tree.+Duel classes.+Lots of replayability.+Interesting story.+Fun quests.-Not a complete game yet, but development is going very well."
76561198054617656,Recommended,219990,13521867,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,kid Charlamagne,if you like diablo 2 more than 3 then you will love this game. if you like path of exile you will like this game also.
76561198035905544,Recommended,219990,13733242,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Nooters,"This is a great game. If you like games like Diablo then you'll LOVE this! It has a thousands of different weapons, 5 great classes and hundreds of awesome skills. ive only played 3 hours at this point. but i will be playing many more"
,Recommended,219990,13745934,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,2Real,I think the combat is more fun than Path of Exile. Overrall pretty fun so far.
,Recommended,219990,14194980,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Comodin,This game is awesome in it's current state and the finished product will be amazing with tons of content. If you like dark and more hardcore oriented ARPGs then this is a must buy and I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,219990,14821353,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Keblin,"Wow! I've only spent 2 hours on it but I am in love with it.I can not believe this game is developed by only 8 people.It's incredible and they deserve a medal! So much better than Diablo 3 (I know, I know people say this a lot, but it's true)It's quite embarassing that a team of 8 can produce a better game than Blizzard so good on you, you deserve much praise.Don't get me wrong, Diablo 3 was ok but it wasn't addictive enough to keep me playing and the lack of customisation sucked. Or be it the minor customisation you could do was not good enough however compare that to this game and it just feels much better. It feels like your points spent are worth while and the skills you learn are great. At least from a Soldiers point of view, I have just taken Night Blade as my second mastery upon reaching level 10 and I think that might be a nice combination. Excited to try out others too, on another character maybe.I can see myself spending a lot of time on this game and a lot of replayability. For such a cheap price and such a small team working on it, this is a masterpiece. I seem to like this more than other games of similar style. Not sure why but this just nails it on the head. I completed Diablo 3, I've completedTorchlight 2 (and although fun, it feels different to this). I've also played Path of Exile but not near enough to say anything about it but the couple of hours I did play I did not get the same feelings as I do for this game.Something about this one really makes me want to keep playing! Games like this and Torch Light offer much more in terms of customisation and that's one thing that makes games like this so good, and I felt that was missing in Diablo 3."
,Recommended,219990,16697641,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Kllrtofu,"TLDR: if you're a fan of these diablo-esque games, than you'll love this one to bits. If you've loved Titan Quest Immortal Throne, then you'll love it even more. If you loved the latter game because of the ancient mythology, well that's too bad.Grim Dawn, like its predecessor TQ, gives you more freedom in creating toons than in most other ARPG's. 'Building a Character' seems a much more appropriate description for its skill system than normal. For instance, there are no class specific items and gear. All loot has requirements based on attribute points and level instead of class. You can quite literally build stupid characters; soldiers wielding crossbows that have mostly debuff skills etc. The enemies you encounter will let you know if it's a viable strategy (i.e. if you get r4ped or not).Some novel ideas that are being implemented are factions and (in relationship to TQ) an expanded crafting system. Factions allow for a more convincing interaction with the many npc's and enemies in the world of Cairn. And on top of building relics (powerful buffing gear that create a challenge to come by and craft) you can find blueprints for all kinds of cool gear. Furthermore you have too find these characters, like more merchants and a blacksmith in the world and transport them back to your starting town Devil's Crossing.The world itself is dark and gloomy (grim) and feature the usual zombie-like enemies one comes to expect from games these days. But over time in early access all kinds of neat villains and monsters have been added, like orcish hordes, insects, enemy humans and so on and so on... you get the picture: loads of fresh meat to slaughter :)And slaughtering comes in busloads of weapons and skills with cool shiny effects and lights :D YEEEEE!I strongly recommend playing veteran if you're experienced in other such games, as it might be too easy on normal, veteran mode for me seems to work quite well however.HFBB"
,Recommended,219990,32088268,Posted: 31 May,all,AlphaBlazeSR,"Not a Diablo Clone (Much more cooler). It's Titan Quest on a different plot.Cons (Don't let this bring you down they have an active community and dev's are actively enhancing the game):Dungeon randomness ( each play through offers almost the same Map layout. I would stand corrected on this one. it's -just my fourth character playthrough)Character faces and built (would be great if there is a different skin for each class.) - Like if I choose a basic Shaman class, give me the basic shaman skin (ex. whitehair and some Shamman look)Character name change - Would be nice if we have ways to easy change in game name even if it is a Scroll that needs to be earned. (Phuleassse!)Pros:Story has great cut (if only it had more cut-scenes in between chapters, it would be perfect!)Voice acting is Superb. (Can't comment further)Vast map, there are 100's of secret caverns so if you are not as meticolous as I am. Each playthrough would be like a new discovery and I'm still suprised with som secret areas.Skill resets, crafting weapons, SHARED Stash and other featuresReputation benefits and consShrine skills (make the game more unique and interesting)Background music (diablo like but could have a litte bit more variations)Lots of side quest and twists in decisions made.Seals Dungeons for more epic lootsGraphics are good but could get better(I'm running on ultra but still wanting a bit more).100's if not near or more than a thousand kinds of lots(I'm exaggerating. I dind't count but it looks that way.)Well, I hope this review helps. I rarely do a review but when the game deserves to be given a chance I would definitely support it. Have fun playing. (**Name change devs, it would really show you care. :) If you guys are still the same dev's who developed Titan Quest and provided the anniversary edition then I know you would 'coz you rock!)"
76561197972395761,Recommended,219990,11128661,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Tactical Commrune,"This is the only single player game I have sunk hours of time into and I don't regret one moment of it.  Hands down the best ARPG I have ever played, and I have played them all.  The most exciting part is that it's still alpha/beta. There are still a good amount of features planned including number one on my wishlist for an ARPG:  Survival Mode."
,Recommended,219990,11768296,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Kazushi,"If you liked titan quest I recommend this game, but be warned its not finished. This game has potential so buy it and support the development!"
,Recommended,219990,12854792,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,WhiteButHip,"Makes Diablo look like a worthless idiot who is drunk and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥all over himself, and now he's trying to kiss you but Grim Dawn saved you, oh thank god Diablo's breath was probably so bad. 10/10"
76561198049112828,Recommended,219990,16665242,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Stangle Khan,"It's been a while since I've had this much fun playing an ARPG. Better than Diablo 3 in my opinion. The world has a well done, dark aesthetic that really makes it come alive. The combat favors skill over level or stats (though both are still extremely important). And exploring always turns up some little goodie that made wandering the backways worth it.A small thing that stood out for me was the way they did markers for quests. They don't hold your hand the whole way with a perpetualy marker on your minimap. Alternatively they didn't throw you to the wolves and expect you not to miss this chest you need to open. The quest will tell you to go to X location and do Y. When you get to X location and get close to the quest you will see a star on your minimap. So you won't know where the chest is when you're all the way across the map, but you won't miss it because you didn't go into that one room."
,Recommended,219990,16666553,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,iProbie,"Grim Dawn is everything you could want from a ARPG, and more. Fun combat, loot, big skill trees, bosses, hordes of mobs, and more.. But what sets it apart from other ARPGs? Here is what I have found..So if you're a ARPG fan you have most likely played Torchlight, Diablo, and Path of Exile.. So what makes this game unique from them? First thing that comes to mind: Hybrid classes. You can pick any two classes and mix and match there skills and passives. That is pretty darn cool don't you think? So wanna be a tanky spell caster? Do it. Wanna be a tanky rogue? Do it. Wanna be a pet class that uses swords, and not range? Do it. Any two can mix, and the best part, THEY ARE ALL GOOD BUILDS TOGETHER.Second thing is the classes themselves: Solider, Demolitionist, Nightblade, Occultist, and Arcanist. Seem kinda generic? Not really.. Demolitionist is one of the more original classes I have seen in a game. It has deployables, physical and magical damage, AoE, DoTs, Range or melee or both.. And most importantly.. LOTS OF EXPLOSIONS AND FIRE!!! And to make it even better, you can mix it with any of the other classes. The only ones to me that seem kinda generic are the Solider (Barbarian/Warrior) and the Arcanist (Wizard/Mage.) But you can even make those original by mixing it with another class.Third thing: From what I can tell it has a GREAT dev team. For a early accsess it is surprisingly polished, playable, and fun. Plus it isn't even complete, which means more content (more classes please!) and acts to come. Even in its current state it has replay value, which will grow more and more over time.Pros:Awesome class systemGood combatDecent soundDecent graphicsRuns smoothlyGood crafting/tradingGood amount of contentCheaper than most of its rivalsOffline modeFuture mod supportCons:Not complete yet, which can be a negitive to some.No dedicated multiplayer, You have to host it yourself.Score for its current build out of 10:Graphics: 8Sound: 8Performance: 9Gameplay: 9Final: 8.5I love this game, and advise all ARPG fans to give it a go. And even if you're not normaly into ARPGS, maybe this one will pull you in."
76561197983936292,Recommended,219990,16758703,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Kimbo!,"Great game! So far my best experience with early access by far, keep updating at a steady pace and i haven't really encountered any problems so far..Also if you like Titan quest you will love this one!"
,Recommended,219990,34807855,Posted: 7 September,all,Ganker,pretty decent game loved it all the way through and it kept me busy for awhile. gets alot harder later in the game better to have a group than go alone then you have to grind
,Recommended,219990,21596024,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Constantine,"Amazingly difficult and rewarding, I can't put it down! All my time playing Diablo 2 as a young man left me wanting more of this dark, gothic style of RPG and Grim Dawn does not disappoint."
76561197993459541,Recommended,219990,21554467,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,rookhaven,"For being early access it seems very, VERY complete.  I haven't encountered a single bug yet (only 20 hours in).  I've enjoyed the two classes I've played so far and am about ready to try the third.  I have an Ice Mage up to lvl 33 and a Shaman to lvl 13.  Certainly feel it was worth the 20 buck I payed.  The relatively limited bag space is balanced by the ease of free travel.  They have a nice two-dimensional skill thing where you can ramp up a given skill or choose to ramp up the class overall which allows you to be pretty powerful early on.  Try the Shaman's Devouring Swarm almost maxed out at 13 for example.The only thing I wish they would add is auto-run which probably exists but I haven't found it  yet.  My carpal tunnel doctor can fund another child in college."
,Recommended,219990,21556793,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,europendless,"The thing I missed most about the first Diablo, was the atmosphere. I've got myself these days installing it back just to sit here, put the game on and listen to the music and walk through the dungeons, feeling I was there, running against this ♥♥♥♥in huge demon, It is great to see that after all these years, after me becoming older and♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game is still capable of ""fooling"" me.That said, I'd say that Grim Dawn is the first ARPG in DECADES which made me feel the way Diablo 1 does. The game is neat, well developed, with a consistent approach, innovative and old school at the same time.So, don't waste your time on reviews: if you are an old school gamer like me, or someone who wants to move away from all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games we have nowadays, buy this gem, and give yourself a goodtime."
76561197989732738,Recommended,219990,21573242,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,bArood,Good game better than D3 with only 1% of diablo 3 budget.
76561198001541273,Recommended,219990,14816022,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,NeuroSplicer,"PWNing BLIZZARD LIKE A BOSS!Yes, GRIM DAWN is the game Diablo3 was supposed to be (but failed miserably)!Other that adding the endgame, I cannot imagine what else needs pollishing in this brilliant game.The addictive gameplay, the flawless graphics and the cool moves, the detailed environments and the immersive atmosphere, the balanced skills and the ability to dual-specialize, the great loot system, the natural progression of the character with the story, the streamlining of the classic chores (no identification scrolls, the town-portals stay open until you open a new one), the greatly designed and very interesting map...The list is long of the things this game get just right!This was the best hack-&-slash action RPG I have experienced in years!"
,Recommended,219990,21075996,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,DankWookie,"I really enjoy playing this game even though its an early access, I'm very happy I made the purchase.. I actually enjoy this way more than Diablo III, I think it looks a lot bet IMHO.. love the game"
76561198015276033,Recommended,219990,21219785,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,MustardTiger,Diablo 3 was supposed to be the best thing I had ever played... consoles ensured that was not to be.  Grim Dawn gave me everything D3 didn't.  Can't recommend enough!
,Recommended,219990,21578720,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SaiN_,"I myself have over 1700hours on Diablo 3 with my barbarian alone. With only 40hrs played so far, i know im going to be playing the absolute sh!t out of this game. This Game is by far my favorite arpg, it fills the void we have all had in regards to the arpg genre. As a fan of ARPG and played almost all of them, i can tell you that this game is an example how an arpg should be. Its that good.Some notes --Simplistic controls. The spells and attacks feel good and hard hitting, the combat just has that crunch to it.-The ragdolls are the best in this game. It's too the point where its never not funny to me. Nothing better than throwing a grenado at a human and seeing them fly through the air doing the splits.The pros:- The ammount of builds you can actually do(per class)- loot table- class customizations + combination- exploration and quests- secret pathways and walls- priced very wellCons:- story is faint and inadequate- normal difficulty is a joke- some crashes here and there- no map level variations(yet)"
76561198097752449,Recommended,219990,21494795,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Targaren,"First time I review a game, but I really wanted to do it for Grim Dawn.As a big fan of Titan Quest, I supported the Kickstarter campaign of the game a few years ago, I really wanted that small team of developers to reach their goals. And clearly I don't regret it. Each update during Early Access has brought way more than I expected, and now that it is fully released, I can only recommend it.Gameplay :As for the gameplay, It is very similar to Titan Quest but with a few extra features like the Devotion tree or the numerous abilities available through items, that add a lot of customization to the game.  You'll love the number of builds you can create, some of them may have a hard time on Elite/Ultimate dificulties but there is no OP archetype build that everybody will do. The spells and effects look great, while remaining simple enough to allow you to see what's happening on the screen (very important as you'll have to doge the enemies spells, everything is dodgeable).Only thing maybe that will sadden some people, It is not as dynamic as PoE or D3 in terms of moving around the map. No spammable movement abilities, as the only ones need to be targetted at an enemy. But the music is great, and it is quite soothing to walk on the map, despite the grim athomsphere of the game !!Endgame :As it is now, Grim Dawn doesn't have the same end-game possibilities as D3 or PoE, but reaching max level (85) takes much more time than in D3, and I imagine that most people will create new toons to explore the different masteries combinations. However, it still has 2 ""bonus"" dungeons particularly hard, and a system of bounties similar to D3. Finally, the developers intend to release a Survival mode in the first expansion, (increasingly strong waves of enemies coming at you).Optimization :Everything runs smoothly, I only had to tick off Postprocessing Effects as I found the screen way too bright below the character, in some regions impossible to see the area surrounding the toon. Also, Steam Cloud option in Grim Dawn's menu leads to some lag when I pick up objects, but my laptop is getting old, that doesn't help. I can see some complaints about optimization issues, but with all the In-game options, I think that a lot of people can get the game running decently. With a middle range laptop from two years ago (Nvidia 740m for instance), I can still play in full HD on medium settings.I may have forgotten a lot, but really if you like a-rpg games, you should definitely check it out, If you are ready to lose a few hours of your life, that is. Also if you don't like grinding that much, or don't like a-rpgs because of the repitivity, you can still play through the game once, that will take you around 30 hours, way more than many more expensive games these days.Edit: Game still highly recommended, developers keep updating it ! Expansion with a new class is on its way too !"
,Recommended,219990,28501226,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Doogz,Extraordinary developer.  Depth of game is continual.  Replayability is unimaginable. Perfected a genre.  Little more in regards to story or cutscenes needed.  You like the typical ARPG?  You ain't done nothing yet!
76561198110606871,Recommended,219990,17515439,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,axwriterxnerd,"♥♥♥♥ing awesome game!! It's like a harder, grittier diablo. Epic af"
,Recommended,219990,18770186,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Very Buttery Bread,"Pretty fun RPG, like the inventory management system."
,Recommended,219990,18385091,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,GUNNER REPTILE,"ARPG similar to dungeon siege, torchlight seires, diablo seires and alike. set in a post apocolyptic world.Beautiful world runs great for a early access I have not run into any bugs yet.6 classes to choose from and at level 10 you can add a secondary class to your charater leaving to multiple type builds.Character info and the stats are amazing and informativeAudio in surround sound is amazing4.8/5 for a early access game will edit as I get deeper into the game and more"
76561198019648425,Recommended,219990,21528792,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Fallenpatriarch,"buy it, awsome developers and an awsome game"
76561197974140926,Recommended,219990,21098332,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,DrizzleDrizzt,"This game is a great example of what an aRPG should be. I promised myself I wouldn't leave a review until I've reached the level cap, but alas, it's just too good to wait any longer. If you're a fan of typical hack-n'-slash action RPGs then look no further. Very simple yet robust skill menu and character menu with a new 'devotion' feature. The 'reputation' aspect of unlocking more advanced items via town NPCs give this game incredible replay value alone. A wide variety of enemies, awesomly dark soundtrack, and eye appealing graphics make the game very enjoyable.TL;DR:Basically, in a nut shell, this game is an excellent RPG to invest time into and will provide hundreds of hours of gameplay. Highly recommended!"
76561198147777723,Recommended,219990,21503599,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Erak,"Being a veteran ARPG player, this game can offer hundrets of hours of riveting playtime, definitely worth the price, worth more id dare to say. Character customization is deep and engaging, gameplay and combat is visually satisfying with good sounds and nice athmospheric soundtrack. Combines adventure with action, explore the areas and find lore and side quests. My favourite class is demolitionist with its bombs and guns. Fully rotatable camera!Pros:- Deep customization.- Satisfying combat.- Good realistic graphics.- Difficult!- Tons of replayability.- Can be played offline!Cons:- Multiplayer matchmaking could be better.You can see that the developers have put alot of effort into this game and even the small insignificant issues it may have do not take away anything from the game, 10/10 game in my opinion, a must have!Thanks for reading and best of luck!"
76561198049235623,Recommended,219990,20773280,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Plompen,"Great game, spent quite some time on it already and will keep doing so for quite a long time. If you like me love Diablo II and feel somewhat dissapointed with how Diablo 3 has turned out, you should buy this instantly!"
76561198031456543,Recommended,219990,26644584,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Paingod1,Not since crack cocaine and diablo 2 has a void been filled so efficiently. 10/10 loosing all grip on reality.
,Recommended,219990,31206123,Posted: 17 April,all,Rola Takizawa,"I really like this game since I saw the trailer then after saw this game again from someobody review I don't like it anymore but I freaking love it.Since diablo & diablo 2 there is no action-rpg game that ever could come close to these 2 game (I wont talk about Diablo 3 coz this game suck♥♥♥♥♥ but now we have Grim Dawn , the game that could continue a legacy of diablo.This is a game that diablo 3 should be.I highly recommend you guy to buy this game if you are fan of action-rpg game.Honestly , I'm a big fan of good old diablo game I can say this game is so so so fun (really can't stop playing) and I've got a feeling of diablo 2 every minute I play this game , So nostalgic :)"
,Recommended,219990,21530154,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,FatherTime,"This is a fantastic game which is reminicent of diablo 2 not diablo 3. The game can be hard and has some bugs but none of it has stoped me from playing. Probably the hardest thing to figure out is your own build, however you can just look something up that sounds good to you and youll probably have a much easier time.You have the choice to use local saves.. where you can experiement and be a cheap♥♥♥♥♥Or... you can use the cloud saves and do everthing from scratch.+Price (VS various♥♥♥♥♥♥games... ""micro transactions"", ""DLC"" of bs.. 1/4 game.)+Gameplay+Graphics+Whole game+Options...-few bugs...-Aether DMG"
,Recommended,219990,12009518,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,vasex90,"+ True grim Diablo, alternative to Path of Exile+ Titan Quest 2 with all its advantages like mixing 2 skill classes, comparing items, transfering items from hero to hero, etc.+ Good optimization and a lot of content for early access+ Coop now, PvP soon+ Auto-healing after defeating every pack of monsters- Very unregular updates, a slow process of creation of the game (Act 2 is not finished still, 35 lvl is max)Купить стоит, играть уже достаточно интересно, но когда доделают - неясно."
76561198019543617,Recommended,219990,21651847,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,GEM,"""Unfortunately""... it is a great ARPG.I personally don't like dark fantasy. I don't like hordes of undead. I don't like guns in my ARPGs. I love light fantasy, I love pure mythology and magic.I put off buying Grim Dawn, despite Titan Quest being such a favourite of mine because of these reasons. However, Grim Dawn is such a polished, balanced game - I cannot help but like it. All the rough edges of Titan Quest have been polished and smoothed over.This is more like what Van Helsing and Diablo 3 should have been.Well done devs on a great game... I still hope you make another mythology game one day though..."
76561197998411732,Recommended,219990,22518713,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,SlaveFisk,very nice gam
76561197997258967,Recommended,219990,26970629,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Asryia,If you found out about this game from some other arpg then don't even hesitate and get this now.  Haven't had so much fun in a game like this since Divine Divinity or Diablo 2
76561197970936607,Recommended,219990,21359895,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,slickis,"Few hours in, this game is turning out to be great. Lots of customisability. Feels less complex than Path of Exile but a thousand times more than Diablo 3. Quite story focused with plenty of action, smooth gameplay and crisp visuals. Loving the feel, it's like Diablo 2 but released in 2016. Money well spent!"
76561198064105328,Recommended,219990,21312798,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,DarkWing,10/10
76561197998468254,Recommended,219990,21359478,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,AngelsNeverFade,10/10 found my Poop Trousers. Awesome game. Addicting. Loot driven. Highly recommend :)
,Recommended,219990,21391113,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,drakky,eggcellent
76561197985130419,Recommended,219990,21451134,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ilysail,"If your a fan of Diablo 2 and Titan Quest, this game is a must buy.The skill system will be very familiar to people who played Titan Quest, you're able to choose up to 2 of 6 classes and mix them up creating a ton of build diversity. Combine that with the very broad devotion system, and this game blows pretty much every other ARPG out of the water in character customization.My only real complaint is bag clutter... there's so much bag clutter from crafting materials. But that's a very minor flaw all in all.This game has been in the making for a very long time, and the devs took the time needed to make sure it was done right."
,Recommended,219990,20582900,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,sneakyfildy,"This is a perfect ARPG game. I've been playing them since say 1998 =) It has everything, that you need: classes, stats, loot, craft (poor), gems, big bunch of mobs which are eliminated with your super-power blow giving you full screen of fire and big damage numbers... =) also bosses, which will almost oneshot you, and a lot of exploration.Like diablo-style? Take it."
76561198052335265,Recommended,219990,20713371,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Jeje_Crazybones,"Fantastic! I've gotta say, at first I didn't really think this was gonna be that great when I began playing it, but over the past couple of weeks it's gotten much better. The new devotion shrines are pretty cool, and the new character class (shaman) is awesome too. 2 thumbs up on this one!"
76561198109307548,Recommended,219990,21349599,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Anonymous,"If You like Path Of Exile, Diablo series, Titan Quest or even Torchlight You can't miss this one.Medieval feel, gore, nice build paths and nice skill system.Try it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,219990,21381816,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,R.I.P,Awesome game
,Recommended,219990,21404901,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,SkyDragon,"A lot of skill to choose, but a few to spend, it makes the game having so many possibilites. And not to mention 2 class at once per character, come on, how amusing can it be..But for player who dont want to take the hard path choosing skill, then dont fret, since you have so many player that can share their best experience.I am glad i bought the game, thats for sure.So it is definitely THUMBS UP for me.9/10"
76561198069414141,Recommended,219990,21726440,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,aayushwow,"Ive just scratched the game, but ive been following their progress since 2013. I bought it then for $24. I can safely say this is one awesome game. I like d3 but this game has impressed me a lot more, yeah people are going to say how can u compare them. Well this game has a team of 9 people with a small bugdet and blizzard is blizzard so im going to. Why i like the game so far:- Loot is good and hard to get.- Combat is smooth.- Omg the varities of specs.- Nice large world.- I still have to play the game a lot so ill keep updating"
76561198079815508,Recommended,219990,21281535,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,DrVox,This game is EPIC
,Recommended,219990,25948761,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,left™,"Grim Dawnis a ARPG from Crate Entertainment, few guys who created Titan Quest.I played all Diablos, Dungen Sieges, Path of Exile, Sacreds, Marvel Heroes, Torchlights, Titan Quest (thats all that I can remember) and Grim Dawn is only game which thrilled me and keept me in front of PC for dozens of hours.This game is all what I wanted in ARPG, lots of character classes possibility, be able to play quests in different ways with each playtrought, adjustable game setting, dungeons that test your build and equipment, coop multiplayer, nice graphic, ""good"" replayability (not for only 1 playtrough), etc.I bought it just when it arrived on steam as early access and i need to say that this is what early access games needs to be.And since devs reached more $$$ than they did planned first, they added more content for free just to show us how grateful they are.For me this is the best ARPG out there, if you loved Titan Quest, you will love Grim Dawn for sure.Pros:- good graphic- fun- you can get hooked gy GD really easy- lots of combinations for classes- lots of content- coop- good devs who are listening communityCons:- bad optimization due to old engine"
76561198063936565,Recommended,219990,21350079,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Tommy_YeYe,"This game is incredible. It is fun from start to finish, solo, coop or even pvp. I was a fan of Diablo II and, since the disappointing release of Diablo III, I've been waiting for a worthy successor. This is it. Also, the community is friendly and extremely active. As a side note, I've been playing this with a Steam controller and the experience is optimal with community settings. Totally recommanded, especially for the price. Forget Diablo III, get Grim Dawn."
,Recommended,219990,11696091,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,BillyR,"I'm speechless, this game is amazing... just buy it and play it! 10/10"
76561197978979661,Recommended,219990,12698702,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,blncd4lean,"EDIT: Game is now finished and as awesome as ever. The developers delivered and I'm looking forward to expansions or GD2.Great game!Unfinished but great all the same. Looking forward to more content (areas, classes, items, etc) as I enjoyed what is there so far. If you like Titan Quest, Path of Exile (although path of exile has way more content at this stage), and diablo-esque games in general, pick this up."
,Recommended,219990,12855509,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Blue Lizard,if you liked the diablo 2 aspects of creating a character through skills and item choices and mashing or zapping or slashing waves and waves of monsters and enemies then keep your eye on this satisfying steampunk/cthonic action rpg.
76561197996353142,Recommended,219990,13098082,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,No Name,"An ARPG the way it is supposed to be. Even though unfinished yet, you cannot go wrong with this game."
76561198073173536,Recommended,219990,9917425,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,rulesofdynamic,"I've tried this game for a while and I was quite pleased with it.The game has AWESOME music (dark, eerie, like i was used to in Diablo 1), It enhances the game to be ""Grim"".The pace of the game is NOT extremely fast (like some other games where you just button mash 200+ enemies away in mere seconds) and due to this it gives you the feeling that all your skills have an impact (explosions feel like explosions, etc).The Quests are compelling (enemy bosses sometimes quite exhausting), the game visual style is a nice mix of fantasy and victorian style.The playtime is i think quite long (im not even through with act/chapter 1).Playable characters and skillsets are nicely done.I personally really miss the MULTIPLAYER FEATURE. Its nice to play alone but it would certainly enrich the game if you could share the moments with your friends.A worth buy if you missed a dark, not too fast paced hack n slay game, even though i would wait for multiplayer patch if you want to play with some of your friends. After that, it will be a must buy!-----------------------------------------------------------UPDATE *Full Release* (February 2016):After playing over 120 hours, I thought i have to update my old review of this game.This game still rocks. It went a long way and all the updates were for the best. The last overhaul made the game finally complete (hence the release). Can't say anything else, just that for me its a really nice game that fills the gap thats has been left after diablo 2. Cool music, nice particle effects and graphics, levels have been reworked to look and feel special, deep crafting opportunities, skill mechanics, lore, enemy diversion, etc...Its a must buy!"
,Recommended,219990,10170499,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,|LZ| Acheas,"So a few hours in and I really like this game and having in mind that this is alpha stage I imagine a lot of things will be fixed/changed/tweaked...It has a solid foundation to built on and even in this stage of development it is a fun and well done game.Of course for people who play these sort of games there isn't that one thing that makes it stand out from titles like Titan Quest, Diablo, Torchlight and so on.It is however a good mix of many of the good stuff each game had to offer (especially the dual class system) and I really like the somewhat darker atmosphere. Also storytelling is well done.Gameplay is, no wonder there, very intuitive and you get the hang of it really fast. Game mechanics are not that different from the above mentioned titles although I think combat is a bit faster (could be my imagination though).I'm really looking forward to new content and areas (hopefully some new scenery, new enemies, more skins and textures and so on). The game will grow, balance issues and bugs will get fixed and we will all have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of fun with this.It's off to a great start and I see myself putting some hours into that."
76561197962114486,Recommended,219990,11012883,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,[?] Kdogg -V-,"My concerns for ""Early Acess"" video Games:Not bad so far for an indie team development(I think I read only 7 dev on the project?)  I usualy am very leary of ""Early Access"" games but my one complaint of the game that I have seen and I am probably3 hours into the game so far is that the menu system crashed on me when coming out of setting the settings though my settings ""stuck"" and then when I am ready to quit it takes a long time to ""exit to the main menu""  But the most important part the game play has been rock solid! Kudos development team on your tight quality control for the easly access.  And keep up the quality and you will have followers.About the Game:Liked the look of this ever since it was announced of course Im a sucker for the RPG grinders.  If you are a fan of Titan Quest, The Adventures of Van Helsing, the Torchlight series and dare I say it the Diablo series, then you will also enjoy this game as well. The controls seem intuitive enough of most of those types of games so even if you dont check out the button configs you will be bale to play this game jsut as if youve been playing it for weeks.About the graphics and audio:Ther are a wide range of Graphics options as I stated before. The game has a good variety of visual effects and sound.  good use of lighting and texture mapping.  The environments havent gotten stale from reuse though I know that some things/areas reuse tilesets.About the Genre and price:Problem is I think that this genre is also getting to the point of saturation much like the nazi WW2 shooters did during the COD/MOH series.  But if you are a sucker for this type of game then get this.  Especially to support the indie devs.  They are the ones that pump out the same or better quality than the big production houses at a fraction of the cost. Check out my inventory, I have a bunch from indies to big name games but I am finding myself more pleased wth the pricepoint of the inde games. Caught it on the Steam sale for $15...will get my money out of it at this price!I say get it if you are on the fence."
76561198030788116,Recommended,219990,11073075,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,mortray,"The story line, quests and exploration are nicely tied together. Made one character, could not quite get into the game.Made a second, traded a few items over, paid abit more attention to the system and loads of fun.Just about to get to crafting. You have choices to be made in the quests, I can't say what effect they have on game progression, but its making me a little jumpy hoping I made the right choices. Keeps the storyline fresh and keeps your attention.I bought the game on the Summer Sale, so terrific value for me."
76561198070776656,Recommended,219990,14524520,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Darkbringr,"Gods, I've just hit the end of the story content up to the Homestead and I have to say, I absolutely love it!  The only problem I have with the game, is how extensive some of the dungeons are.  Heh, kinda hard to stop for the night knowing all of your progress will have to restart, but I guess that's what makes this game so damn addicting."
,Recommended,219990,15488466,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,-|TSP|- Bitcrusher,"Very Good game cant expect to much still early access, Reminds me of Dungeon Siege II which was also a very exciting game to play. Keen to see this game finished and polished."
76561198015330213,Recommended,219990,15735599,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ThomasTebo,"Let me start off by saying that this is my first experience with an early access title. Being a big fan of Titan Quest; I am really all about supporting the team as the game is brought to a conclusion. Had I known about this years ago when It was in the realm of crowdfunding; I'd have gotten in then.It's a fantastic game that is really polished and just a hell of a good time. I jumped in and found that after 30 hours of gameplay there hasn't been one bug or glitch that I could find. To me, thats astonishing considering the number of really huge titles with massive budgets and really large development resources that still ship with really bad glitches and problems. That's just how these guys roll. Playability and stability seem to come first with everything they do and I appreciate that. I did notice that when I first installed the game; the graphics were set to a very very conservative level and it showed on the screen. If you have a good solid video card, take a minute and go into the settings and push everything as high as your card allows. I was able to max everything out and the results were excellent. Made all the difference.The downside to early access (when the game is good) is that you dive in, get heavily invested in the game, and find yourself up against a level cap, lack of new loot, or even simply nowhere left to roam that you haven't already covered. That's the nature of the beast and for me it came as a hell of a jolt to find that I could no longer level up and I had to put the game away for awhile to let the devs expand the content. It sucks, but it's what I signed up for.But, if you enjoyed Titan Quest, the Torchlight or Diablo series (as I did); You are going to really dig this."
76561198091161591,Recommended,219990,9213851,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Squishy089,I play a lot of path of exile and diablo and this is bar far more of my style kind of game. The beautiful map layout and detail in every aspect. Very well done guys! I would like to see more waves of enamy and not so much distance between packs. I do enjoy this game and hope too see what the finishing touches will finally be. The character panel should be cleaned up a bit and more realistic. You have these amazing details and then lack in the character panel when your looking at your character you want to make that as much detail as possible as well because thats what people ahhh about when they build such an awesome character. I hope to see some of these updates soon!!! :Doh and ps the weapons as well... Details guys Details! :P Thanks!!!!!
,Recommended,219990,12030126,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,God Emperor Doom,"Grim Dawn is an ARPG, Advocate Real Positive Germans. This game is very similar to the Roman gladiator life simulator Titan Quest. Gary Busey thinks this game has potential, to be a LDE, that's a life defining experience."
76561197995732840,Recommended,219990,13504507,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,WoodchuckJim,"If you like ARPG and were a fan of the Titan Quest series, this game is for you!  Great gameplay and mechanics and loot system."
,Recommended,219990,13509352,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jackwagon,"The spiritual successor to Titan Quest with a Diabloesque/steampunk feel. I can't get enough of this game at the moment. I can only say.. GET THIS GAME.Update:This game has developed into a true ARPG that blows right by D3 and lands next to PoE as it's equal without being quite as min/max. The graphics are great, lore abounds throughout the game, and the class combinations result in hours upon hours of replayability.Anyone with technical issues - It's not the game, it's your PC. No point in posting a negative review because that Nintendo you call a computer can't run the game.canyourunit.com/mic"
,Recommended,219990,14616178,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,pFM,A nice wake up call to all who long for a true Diablo 1/2 experience. Great skill trees and talent builds. Only going to get better and I for one cannot wait for it!!! Keep up the great work!
,Recommended,219990,13483908,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MajorWoody98,"This is definitely in the same flavor as Titan Quest, which is a great thing to me, as I loved TQ.  The music is top notch. The pace is good, not frantic.  I am still early into it, but enjoyed it enough that I wanted to post a positive review."
76561197998836042,Recommended,219990,13540452,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TonyShoes,"If you played and liked Titan Quest, then you'll like this too. Different era / same great gameplay. Updated as well, so it's NOT just a new skin for the old Titan Quest. Also, the soudntrack is pretty good."
76561197992014689,Recommended,219990,14834115,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Thano,"This is a Gem!!! This game brought back the feeling of being 12 sitting in font of my firends pc and finding Diablo  for the first time on gamespy ( This is not diablo..its better!).This is what Diablo could have been, its dark, its really really bloody, and it makes you work for your loot ( unlike some games that throw loot your way to keep you playing). When you do get a new piece of shinny ( like my first epic bolt action rifle thats got flames comming from the barrel! ) you hold on tight. Its not just the shinnies though, the Boss mobs and special mobs the devs have made are not only hard♥♥♥♥♥hell, but after using up all my potions and having to flee more then once back to the desolation of the god forsaken town to use all my hard earned money for more potions to go back for another round with that flying eyeball of doom, I came to understand theres alot of work that has gone into this title. The first time I left the town it was sunny the birds were singing and the decomposing flesh was falling from the masses of dead things..truly a nice spring day, then a drop of rain then more then later its a full blown storm. Later then sun goes down and Im glad I bought that hat that increases my light radius and looks like Mathias Thullmans from one of Warhammers epic books as it gets damn dark in this beautiful gem of a game.I wont write a book because there is plenty of that inside this title. I will say this if you like Dark fantasy, Fintlock weapons, the occult, the world is at an end. Shinny loot. Choices that affect the world around you. bad♥♥♥♥♥classes like a Witch hunter ( one of the many classes you can play ) then Grim Dawn is for you! Now I must leave you my ffriends I have licked my wounds put vial of green sh#t on my dagger and polished my flaming rifle, my flesh bound off hand is whispering to me and my  flying raven is itching to get another stab at that damn eye ball again!P.s did I tell you about the shinnies and the Monsters ;)."
,Recommended,219990,9213208,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,__,GRIMT DOURNKT
,Recommended,219990,9390288,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,s0nniez,"Great game. Reminds me of Titan Quest, this could probably be Titan Quest 2. Been watching this game since they announced it, and i'm loving it. Keep up it guys!"
76561198005647563,Recommended,219990,14942411,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,GRIMcanuck,"I bought Grim Dawn after watching a Twitch stream. Having not heard of this game before I spent some time researching as I have been burned by early access games before. After reading and watching and rinsing and repeating I finally broke down and bought Grim Dawn. I have not been disappointed so far. The game is visually stunning and controls very well. It does not hold your hand and requires exploration and actual reading of the quests. The world is also an open one with load screens only when entering caves or dungeons. Transportation is alieviated by a nice portal system though, which makes getting around to those areas already discovered a breeze. The skill system seems very robust allowing for a mashup of two specs (unlocked at level 10) and making or breaking your build interesting and rewarding. It seems like the developers are quite active in rolling out updates. Like any early access game though, I am sure there are problems which I havn't encountered or noticed yet. So as I do recommend this game, remember do your own homework. Grim Dawn is a nice breath of fresh air in the stale ARPG realm. 3.8/5 Bitz"
,Recommended,219990,20721546,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Fenrir,"It's grim. It's dark. And there are cultists. Whole world is being teared apart - the best time for demons cult to raise, of course. I won't be surprised if other cult led Cairn into Grim Dawn. Monsters everywere, but people are worse, as always.Techinally this game has Titan Quest mechanics with simpler main stats, same two classes per character, a little bigger skills tree and Devotions addition. Character/inventory screen is inherited too. But this game plays different from its ancestor. Less repetative, more brutal. And much more dark!"
76561198059370755,Recommended,219990,14198937,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SpawnCap,"Excellent game, and one of the best Early Access games I have ever bought.  A lot more fun than Divinity:OS.Update on my review as of 5/11/2015:Game has many updates, today just received build 25, a 530MB download.  Developer's very active on steam forum answering questions and giving solutions/feedback very fast.  They keep adding content and they keep saying that they will not come out with final version of game until it is finished, and they aren't going to rush it, and I see that as a good thing.Any one who has gotten burned by EA titles, this is not one of THOSE developers and this is not one of THOSE games."
,Recommended,219990,14541697,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Soul inside the machine,"little gem of a dungeon crawller, not finished yet to i cant give a full review but honestly had so much fun getting through the first ???third???? of the game. it seemed like a third from what i could tell. anyway if you like isometric dugeon crawllers this is a good game cant wait to replay when there is more to it"
,Recommended,219990,15647554,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Big Brother,"Holy crap. After having spent more time playing this, I can say it is well worth the $25 and then some. With the variety of different classes and dual-class combinations, as well as the beautiful hand crafted map, Grim Dawn certainly sets itself up as an ARPG in it's own class. Though my hours played are low, I can honestly say that this game is not something you'll regret grabbing if you like D3 or PoE."
,Recommended,219990,20907590,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ViralDust,The game that makes you explore all posible combinations of classes and then some!!.......Progression is balanced and starting a new character is a joy........400 hours in and I'm still testing new character combos and straight up single class re-writable stats.POE and Diablo3 has a new contender in the midst and a refreshing one at that...Highly recommend...
,Recommended,219990,9154139,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Milky,"Grim dawn plays very much like Titan quest its spirital father but don't let that fool you, it is NOT titan quest. Grim dawn contains the best of titan quest from the satisfying ragdoll physics to the tried and true talent sytem while throwing out the silly greek skirts and bright beautiful landscapes for dark grimey pants and very dark twisted land, also guns! :DGrim dawn contains so far only a bare glimpse at what is to come but already I achingly wait each day for news on the upcoming updates, forcing myself not to play so I can experience more later. The biggest issue with the game is the speed of updates, I hate to sound like an empatient child I know they are trying to deliver the smoothest, most enjoyable experience they can but I'm addicted to this game already.Two words sum up Grim Dawn, from story to model animations; Beautifully macabre."
76561198061489543,Recommended,219990,20910674,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ChaoticChaos2k,"TOTALY awsome game if you ever played titan quest it's pretty much the same but ""steampunk"". ONLY problem im haveing with it is that you either build ress and health or go glascannon. UNLESS u play any build with soldier. But that bullsh*t that needs some SERIOUS look over aside it's an awsome game. And id strongly recommend to purchase it."
76561198135319200,Recommended,219990,10205044,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,maximedelange1991,"Love this game. It is still in Alpha mode, but pretty solid in my opinion. Loads of fun and the updates are coming very quickly one after another. I am already playing this game since B18 (Build18)I can recommend this game to people who love hack and slash RPG's"
76561198004348876,Recommended,219990,12689104,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,|FS|Rutt*HMFIC*,"Bought this game in early access (which it's still in) and have had no regrets! it's multiplayer was a bit buggy, at least for me, when i first got it; couldn't join other peoples games, friends couldnt join me, etc. But i've been working on the single player and have had zero trouble with it. Runs like a champ, great story line, good class customization. The game seems to take the best parts of the Diablo series and build off that....yeah im a D2 fan and GD absolutely gives D2 a run for its money. The only thing i dont like is, it seems to me, the monetary system is disproportionate....by that i mean, prices seem exceptionally high compared to the amount of money you find/get from sales. Past that the game has impressed me every step of the way"
76561198004080636,Recommended,219990,12976555,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Allu,If they finish what they had started it will be amazing game.Edited 26/12/15...and its AMAZING game!!!
,Recommended,219990,13269934,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,GodfatherPlunger,"Basicly just another hack n slay, but I think its better than D3 and Torchlight. Thats mainly because of the skillsystem and the skills which are just awesome. (same system like Titanquests and i loved it so much)I hope that this game will get the attention it deserves !"
,Recommended,219990,13530120,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,=(eG)= Bladed,"After a few hours of game play, I am enjoying it so far. I will update the review once I get more hours in. If you like diablo or the rpg dungeon loot style of diablo, you will enjoy this game. I feel like I am playing diablo with new classes and story. I also like the idea of having two classes instead of one. So much variety!"
76561198014770769,Recommended,219990,15515411,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,shadistic,I just wanted to say this game is already better than Diablo 3 and it's not even finished. I'm amazed and love every bit of it. Can't wait to try all the classes and explore this HUGE open world.
76561197979902047,Recommended,219990,14852141,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Dystopian,"It is Grim to realize it is Dawn, pulled an all nighter with this game again... FREE ME DEMOLITIONIST/OCCULTIST... Just one more canister bomb into a trash mob of skeletons... just one more grenade... one more flashbang..."
,Recommended,219990,16800192,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mayheim,This is nice game.
76561198040404200,Recommended,219990,17017989,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,The Struggler,Just buy it. Its definitly worth the money.
,Recommended,219990,13537562,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,The 1nteger,"Very, very, very early impressions (just under 1 hour):So far been really impressed with what I've played! The combat feels really nice and has a good ompf to it when your owning the enemies. What's also nice is the abilty to you use guns and be able to switch to traditional weapons like swords at the press of a button (Shotty and Greatsword combo is working nice for me).Since this is in part from the creators of Titan's Quest I'm hoping I won't end up having issues with the loot / enemy variation and gameplay getting too samey with loot not really progressing and become all too familar near mid to end game but so far so very good!"
,Recommended,219990,17052885,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Lordakin,One of the best ARPG's that are out there!
,Recommended,219990,11437353,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Awesomescaut,"So after some play I've decided that if you're reading this, you NEED this game. If you must wait for multiplayer/completion I understand, but this is the Titan Quest sequal/Diablo 3 we never got. Nevermind the deeply emersive ambient world and it's eerie dark soundtrack, this game is the best dungeon crawler I've played since Diablo II. I can almost smell the mildew creeping along the twisted prison path, this is exactly what my summer needed. It reminds me of the countless hours I spent indoors on a hot summer day playing the original Diablo.Grim Dawn brings NEW ideas to the table while keeping a firm grasp on the nostalgia and mechanics we have come to love. Most of the new titles in this genre never seem to ""get it right"" or ""something always feels wrong"". Say goodbye to the days of a World of Warcraft generation and remember why you loved gaming in the first place.10/10 - Can't wait for completion/multiplayer"
,Recommended,219990,13286452,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,NotCambodian,"I've played my share of games in the RPG and Hanck-and-Slash genre, and all I have to say is that Grim Dawn has been the best out of all of them. For an Early Access game this has a phenomenal level of polish, balancing, and content. The development team makes meaningful choices regarding new updates and patches to fix old bugs, so kudos to them.Considering the current level of development, and what the devs (whom I totally trust) have planned for the future, I highly recommend anyone with an interest in RPG's and Action games to try this game. It's Awesome"
76561197973045489,Recommended,219990,15406206,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Yo-Han,"I shut this game down and say to myself:""I think I'll play something else for a while.""But I don't. I stare at my games list and go right back into Grim Dawn. Even unfinished this game is amazing, and with the recent interview detailing whats to come, its only going to get better. I got this game half off (daily deal steam sale) but even at full price this game is an absolute bargain. If you liked Titan Quest or just a damn fine stat crunching point and click enemy gibbing ARPG then this is for you."
76561198147071238,Recommended,219990,15889300,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,BrazaPower,"I just love this game,MusicFeelingCenariosMonstersArmorsweaponsEtc.Makes D3 look like a Kids game,If you are unsure about get this game just get it, and get ready for a bad @ss looting :P"
76561198048120463,Recommended,219990,20894299,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,bassfisher,I wanted to say a big thanks to the person I contacted at Crate for technical problems.  If they are all as helpful there and caring I have to say this company is Top Notch.The game is a tremendous boon to this genre.  It has provided much fun for me. I'd be more detailed and specific but I am just as of now returning after a year and forgot most of the details.  Great Game. Keep up the good work Crate. I am looking forward to your next game. It should be a masterpiece if you hold strong to your good values.
76561197973893300,Recommended,219990,10590549,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,zeffram,"Having played many hours on Titan Quest, I had high hopes for Grim Dawn and I haven't been disappointed so far. Am enjoying the new things being added in each update. For still being in beta it's in a pretty good state and I haven't experienced in any issues."
76561198045750753,Recommended,219990,8974637,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Nova,"A great hack and slash game, even though it's still in alpha at the time of this review. The combat is fun, the skills are interesting, and the dual class system is pretty sweet. I look forward to seeing what Crate does with this game, it has a lot of potential to be a great game.Worth suporting the small companies like Crate."
76561198022411663,Recommended,219990,12029343,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Jexx,"One of the best games to come along since Titan Quest!! Play Grim Dawn by night and Titan Quest by day, all the games you need!!"
,Recommended,219990,12785239,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,RtD>TheLaw,Even tho ive only gotten a small amount of play time this game certainly bloody feels like Titan Quest but..... Better! Im enjoying it alot more than i thought i would! And its only early access!!!!!DO BUY IT. NOW
,Recommended,219990,13378419,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Hilamonsta,"With a team of only seven people, the developers have successfully created a game that stands equal to the gameplay and feel of Diablo without the plethora of distractions that has accompanied the AAA series of late.  I'm intensely impressed by what they've done here so far (it's still early access?  I couldn't even tell) and they should feel incredibly proud of what they have accomplished to date.  I love the choice to set the game in an sort-of dark renaissance era as much as I enjoy the fresh level design and game mechanics.  I feel guilty that I got this game on a discount and would have gladly paid its standard price if I knew what a great experience that Grim Dawn was going to be,  Anyone who is a fan of hack & slash owes it to themselves to try Grim Dawn."
76561197996662968,Recommended,219990,11117188,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Seaspite,"If you haven't checked this out yet, you are missing out.  Finally a pre-release game worth playing!  Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,219990,11915625,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Yushatak,"Titan Quest: Post-Apocalyptic Edition - ♥♥♥♥ yes, please."
76561198052287484,Recommended,219990,12677506,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,flyingsquirrelandmoose,"One of the few early access games I would suggest people purchase.A. They are actually working on it.B. It is actually good.I was hesitant at first, it looked on the surface to be a ""Hey people liked Titan Quest, let's do that again."" but once I actually got down to playing it, it actually had it's own identity and claimed what it took from Titan Quest and made it their own.Being that it is not finished I put it down and move on to other things, but always come back for a bit on each new build to see how it is going.Will certainly devote more time to it once it is completed."
76561198060179103,Recommended,219990,13505203,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,YepYepNepNep,"Excellent RPG. Reminds me of POE and Diablo, but is overall different with great classes and skills. Guns and bombs seems pretty fun to me. Also, the story is actually quite compelling and is quite long. Purchased at full price and I believe it was worth every cent. :)"
76561198054656720,Recommended,219990,13513316,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Acharuss,"All that was good about Titan Quest has been made better.  And it is still an unfinished product, I can't wait for the final release!!!  Crate Entertainment is one of the best Indie developers out right now,"
,Recommended,219990,9869249,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"Good game. I grew up playing games like Diablo, NOX, etc. This game has that feel to it. Skill system is pretty damn cool. I really dig the environment. That post-apocalyptic/steam punk feel. I think this has a lot of potential. It is a great change from farming D3RoS and PoE. I am not saying this is better than the AAA titles out now, but it can stand on its own with them."
,Recommended,219990,10529535,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Athurio,"As a long-time fan of Titan Quest, I've been very pleased with the direction that Grim Dawn is going.  Content updates have started coming out more regularly, and contain decent amounts of ARPG goodness.If you liked TQ and it's expansion.  I think Grim Dawn will fill that void nicely."
76561198035586686,Recommended,219990,11124938,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,No Dice,I just started playing this game and one hour into it I got extremely addicted to it! It's a really enjoyable game and I suggest that everyone try it out even if they don't like these types of games.
76561198042968596,Recommended,219990,15502370,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Rolan le Gargéac,"It is really very good, beautiful to look at, easy to play, a worthy successor to Titan Quest. The various skillsets are well balanced, and it is fun trying to mix and match the skills so they can be used effiently together. I must admit I initially made a mess of some and ended up with too many choices ! I've had little sympathy for the denizens of the local towns mostly because burying Uncle Bob and the darts team in the back garden was asking for trouble, I mean, really !Très bien. de plus en plus beau, des créatures originales, insolites et efrayantes ! Une grande varietés de pouvoirs et d'abilités qui peuvent s'emboiter facilement et habilement, si on a bien choisi ! Mais on peut les changer !"
76561198051763850,Recommended,219990,23218270,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Minison,"This game is shaping up to be the diablo 3 I waited for but never got. Loving the graphic style, its not as polished as some newer games, but its a huge imporvement from say, d2 way back. A nostalgic vibe but very clean and VERY detailed. Love the games atmosphere, its the dark, horrifying, well Grim world I adore. A much preferred vibe over D3's W.O.W style that made the whole game feel a bit cartoony in my opinion. I started with normal but quickly realized that vetran was much more rewarding. 5 hrs only so far but this game is sucking me in fast, 10/10. Oh its 25$ so 11/10."
,Recommended,219990,23957233,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,WHITE IVERSON,"Grim Dawn... Where do i start with this game?It was realeased back in beta and I happened upon it while browsing for hack and slash rpgs.For Diablo / Titan Quest lovers, this game is for you.Compared to other top-down RPG in its genre, I can proudly say this game is the cream of the crop.The atmosphere, game play, and♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of customization makes this one of the best ARPG i have ever played in my entire life. I would even go as far as to say this beats D3 and Titan Quest Gold hands down.Storyline : 8/10Atmosphere: 9/10Music : 9/10Customisation : 8.5/10 ( dual class system and devotion system hell yea!)Art : 8/10Please buy this damn game already. Its amazing."
76561197972720910,Recommended,219990,21219063,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,MaYzE,"Kill, Loot, Repeat.  Even though it is in early access this game seems polished with some minor hiccups.  Only issues I ran into were the random crashes.  I can deal with these since they were few and far between.  The only one that sucked was when I was in the final area almost at the main boss.  We had an issue with MP as well one night, but after a server reboot this was fixed with 24 hours.  All in all, if you are a fan of the ARPG games, this is worth the pick up.  Lots of loot, lots of choices, and some cool classes.  The game was a lot longer then I thought it would be, which was nice to see.  The guys at Crate did a great job with this title.  Good luck with the release!"
76561198004662959,Recommended,219990,17585937,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Zzzzz,"If you want have the experience beyond D3,buy it!"
76561198084588203,Recommended,219990,21542147,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,♥ thebucketlord  ♥,Buy it
,Recommended,219990,14408105,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,The Line Of Epic Heroes,This game rolls like a rock and gets your♥♥♥♥♥off the couch and make you dance with it because its Masterpiece's Meter level is over 9000...just like the hours im going to spend on it from now on. Finaaaaaalllllll flaaaaaaaaaaaaaashhhhhhhhh.
,Recommended,219990,21488130,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,UnidesTristan,"Short and sweet.  This game scratches an itch I've had since Diablo 2, like almost everyone else is saying.  I love this genre but hate all the failed attempts at recreated the beauty that Blizzard made back in the day.  The only games that even come close to helping ease that itch are Path of Exile, Torchlight series, and Titan Quest.  Amazing job Crate.  You deserve big bags of cash for this golden egg!Still great"
76561198126124514,Recommended,219990,21487619,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Arde Papi,Diablo 2 lost expansion has been found.
,Recommended,219990,21576668,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Kevro,Finally finished and it is awesome.
76561198035148376,Recommended,219990,21576815,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,[AXIS]Chysgoda,"Absolutely amazing, great online and offline, really fills in the gaps of games these days, can get lost for hours in this game and keep coming back for more."
76561198287685809,Recommended,219990,21576374,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ppalexwang,Excellent game!
,Recommended,219990,20758559,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,jayman555,"The best exercise in skinner-box psychology I've ever encountered.EDIT: 10 months after release.The game still stands with the giants of ARPG's, you would not call yourself a fan of the genre without playing Grim Dawn."
,Recommended,219990,34621696,Posted: 30 August,all,𝒮𝒾𝓂𝑜𝓃𝐸𝓋𝑜,"The love child of Titan Quest and Diablo, and possibly the best ARPG of the last decade. The dual-class system alone is worth playing this game through time and time again, and with mods like DAIL adding dozens of new classes, you can spend years creating and perfecting new builds.There is also an expansion coming soon, and in the decade of DLC and microtransactions seeing a real expansion coming to the game is... quite nostalgic, to say the least."
76561198031263078,Recommended,219990,23474766,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,OG Nugget,fine as wine yo!
76561198016804429,Recommended,219990,18783175,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mind81,"I enjoyed Titan Quest several years ago and developers didnt disappoint with their new project. Everything in GD feels right and its addictive to smash monsters here. Love realistic graphics style. Good textures, dark grim world, well designed creatures. Even characters and dialogues are good. Highly recommended for all ARPG fans."
,Recommended,219990,21756279,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Shiftone,"So far, its been realy good. sure there are a few issues with the multiplayer syncing but they are more of a minor annoyance then game breaking."
76561198006180090,Recommended,219990,21466584,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,PewOnYou,"So Damn Good! Rivals all games in the Genre before it. A ""MUST PLAY"" for any ARPG fan."
76561197997748476,Recommended,219990,21645036,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rune,Got a pair of pants that gives me the ability to throw feces at my enemies.5/7 perfect sore.
,Recommended,219990,21468228,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Castle,It's a goodin'.
76561198040652434,Recommended,219990,9583608,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,LesMeves,Great game fast action interesting story and characters a recomend for everyone who loved the original dungeon crawlers.I like how if you want to you dont have to stop and wait for life and mana to fill upp before you run into every encounter and you can just run from one battle till the next and still you have to put in effort to not die.
76561197978642012,Recommended,219990,9927660,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Sheepy6,Grim Dawn is hugely enjoyable and satisfying. The gameplay is visceral and engaging unlike other games I will mention - Diablo 3 - which I've just given another go up to level 50 on expert. Diablo 3 feels like a game by the numbers made by people just going through the motions. Grim Dawn oozes creativity and clever touches both visually and in terms of gameplay. There is no comparison really - I know which I'd choose!I hope the makers of Grim Dawn can find a way to keep adding equally inspired content - I would happily pay more for this.Congratulations on ARPG perfection!
76561198089346212,Recommended,219990,9963230,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Harrow12,"An extremly fun and engaging game, and thats while its in early access. It's a pleasure to see a game that provides such a complete experience while still in early access. I can't wait until the full game is released, as it will surly be a highlight of 2014."
76561197998587657,Recommended,219990,13101403,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,TheMexican't,"This game is fantastic . Haven't played that much into it yet but lovein it so far because i am a huge dungeon crawler rpg fan. There is one little problem that i have with the game and that is the stuttering problem and the fact that the vertical sync doesn't seem to help with the screen tearing issue. Other than those problems the game is solid and very enjoyable in its current state. Keep up the good work guys one hell of a game , and proud to have it in my game library. 10/10"
,Recommended,219990,9166291,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,//patch,"Recommended!A great quick-fix ARPG. Make sure you've got a decent sized monitor because there are a lot of subtle text prompts and game texts that make use of the space. Nice sound track, no voice acting, and the combat *feels* solid. You *feel* like you're making contact with your enemies which is satisfying. Highly recommended as a go-to game when you've RIPd in PoE or are looking for something a bit more ruthless (I got one-shjot waltzing through a ""low level zone"").Good fun."
,Recommended,219990,10939347,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Zeck,"Still in early access, but godamn this game is good, a very worthy spiritual sequel to Titan Quest (wich i also recommend). One of the Best ARPG for sure, only 2 act on 3 available for now but its worth to buy."
76561198097292367,Recommended,219990,10960471,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Uvuvwevwevwe Onyetenyevwe Ossas,Great game
,Recommended,219990,9641833,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Deerhorne,"This game is really amazing, and it's not even the full release yet. If you liked (or loved) Diablo, then buy this game now."
76561198016263391,Recommended,219990,10896129,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Marsath,"This Hack and Slash RPG is pretty versatile. You can spec you character out in multiple trees or focus in just one class. Outfit you gear to match what you are fighting or go for a broad spectrum adding or general stats for survival. Gear addon can be removed and reused as you upgrade your gear adding a nice touch. There is plenty of strategy needed when trudging through enemies. One must be able analyze the foe and swap from range, to close quarter to spell in order to complete an elite boss fight. The Developers do a great job in adding in expansions are they are tested and ready. The game runs smoothy with very few annoying glyches. Great hack and slash RPG!The hybrid character class system is a blast. They added crafting and items in which one can augment items to one's liking. The Developers do a great job looking at bugs and hotfixing them with excellent efficiency. The multiplayer is pretty enjoyable, and from what I hear soon will include individual loot items from critters! They continue to add zones, quests etc without breaking the continuity of the game."
76561198078728990,Recommended,219990,10963028,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,GnomeMoreLosing,"Good all around game. Has similarities to Path of Exile and Diablo 3, but yet still has enough to make itself unique. Still in alpha stage so there are definitely some things that need fixed, but it's still fun as hell to play! Hope to see you in game."
76561198019276101,Recommended,219990,10293508,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Valdus,"I will likely ammend this as I play, but WOW WOW WOW.Before I nought this game at a price I usually stay away from, I checked out the reviews- not a negative one. No thumbs down and a slow evening made me want this one.It is wondrous, lots of shooting and slashing in a world mixed with fantasy, apocalypse and a good helping of steampunk. All in all, it is a great mix of Diablo, Fate and a lot of Torchlight, a wondrous romp that I cannot wait until Multiplayer.If you are one of those old-schoolers, the die hard rpg's that made the genre this one is for you."
,Recommended,219990,10497720,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Armatus,"Grim Dawn (presently in Alpha) is the spiritual successor to Titan Quest which places you into a post-apocalyptic world were everything is on the table ..swords, sawblades, axes, make-shift firearms, explosives and even a touch of the arcane. Solid hack n' slash game play. What more do you want?"
76561198032222674,Recommended,219990,11346089,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,sugaistar,I have enjoyed every hour I've played this game. I can't wiat for B20 and most of all the full release. Everyone buy this game you will not regret it.
76561197988320685,Recommended,219990,10003516,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,heavensneverwinter,For early access game is incredible with time can see it being a A++ arpg.Definately reccommend to those who are fans of the genre.
76561198050919744,Recommended,219990,11252386,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Muhammed Ali,Supreme game!
,Recommended,219990,14521279,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mournhold,The non-offical follow up to tital Quest. This is the game Diablo 3 wishes it could be and it's still in its Alpha stage. That is saying something in my opinion! Currently as of 2/17/2015 there are 2 full acts and chapter 1 of act 3 for players to explore with more to come by months end. I have over 150 hours into already and have no intention of slowing down. FYI if you chose to by it while still in Alpha ALL YOUR PROGRESS WILL CARRY OVER to the full release! I think this is awesome. Check it out if you are a AARPG fan and be ready to spend many hours defending Devils Crossing while collecting awesome loot!
,Recommended,219990,16461738,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Picante,Are you really not playing this yet?
,Recommended,219990,10370940,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Sabru,"Oh yes!Best buy for me in ages! There's no bad word I can say about this game. It's not complete and yet it still has been worth every cent. The milieu, music and the ambience is just perfect. Especially I love the music.Totally recommend this for everyone!"
76561198007205642,Recommended,219990,10937843,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sir_helmat,"My hours on record totally speak for this game....once you start playing,  kiss sleep goodbye. The game's name has become a reality as many a night has ended with the 'Grim' realisation that 'Dawn' is here and i have not slept again!!This game will go down as one of the best Action Role Playing Games of all time. Buy it now or forever speak those immortal words - ""I should have got it during the steam summer sale when it was half price!!"""
,Recommended,219990,9555638,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,wandermancy,Fun ARPG. Totally playable at this point. It's only gonna get better with content updates.7/30/15I have played many things since I last played this game.  Its still great. Easily one of the best ARPGs I've ever played.  If you like ARPGs you'll really like this game.
76561197996349920,Recommended,219990,9810787,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Max60,As a player of Titan Quest for many hundreds of hours I was really excited when I found out that Grim Dawn was being created. So recently I bought the game and have been playing it quite a few hours now. Firstly anyone expecting to get an updated TQ is in for a shock. While the game has the same top down viewpoint the game is quite different. The look and feel of the game are similar but GD is certainly no clone. Its post apocolyptic look is fantastic and the chracters are very different in their abilities. The game sometimes is a little uneven (savepoints) and at times you can be overwhelmed by enemies and the level you are at seems too weak to deal with so many enemies at once. You have to learn how to deal with that. I have played all of the content so far with a number of variations of character and it will be up to you to work out which way to play the game. This is one of the best parts of the game as it definitely has replay value in abundance I am certainly not disappointed with GD as it is a great game in its own right.  I would certainly recommend anyone to buy this.
,Recommended,219990,23229005,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Arnold Judas Rimmer,"Spiritual successor to Diablo 2 / Path of Exile that in some ways exceeds both of them and is in general very fun, especially in the 2-4 player co-op."
,Not Recommended,219990,21557554,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,The Phyrexian Renaissance,"The nicest thing I can say about the game is that it's very divisive.  I know the people that love this gamelovethis game: the game was funded it via kickstarter and it was in early access for a long time.  The people who want this game know exactly what they're getting into, but for those same reasons the rest of us will find it lacking.  It's a loot based RPG, in the vein of your Diablo IIs and Torchlights, but it is also what I would considerneedlessly complicated.For example, there are eight types of damage, but many of the damage types go by multiple names: you don't take fire damage over time you take Burn damage, okay that make sense I guess.  Chaos damage or ""Damage from Chthonian Beings"" They both start with C at least.  But you can also take Cold or Frostfire damage.  That seems like an odd choice.  Was it in a novel or something?Each class has access to 10 or so ""Active abilities,"" plus another half dozen or so passive ones.  Not bad!  Except that each ability has 12 levels of improvement for you to sink points into.  And then the majority of the active abilities have multiple passive upgrades for you to throw 12 more points into.  And you have to use those same points to level up your ""mastery"" stat to gain access to the new abilities and upgrades for your class.    And Ten levels in they have you pick a second class. Fortunately you can respec.  For a small cost.  One point at a time.  At an NPC sitting in a corner that no one as much as mentions ""Hey you should go talk to that Witch maybe."" Oh and you can further improve your character with Devotion points, which arecompletely different pointsused on acompletely different screen.It's not that I mind a complicated game, but complexity does not equal depth.  No matter how many points you throw at it.  None of the various complex systems are explained overly well, nor do they make much of an effort to dole these systems out in parts so you can come to terms with any of them.  Oh hey you unlocked the Blacksmith?  Here is a list of the 60+ items he can make for you.  Some of them for items slots you might not even know you have.  Or requiring items that the blacksmith himself has to make from a handful of other crafting materials.  Oh, also all the crafting materials can be used to grant bonuses to an item.  The item that can augmented depends on the crafting material on a case by case bases.  Good thing you have that sizeable stash they never actually tell you about, hope you spend the time to explore the opening base.People who love this game will love all of this, and they will mock me for being too casual or some such business.   Which is fine, the game isn't for me and I'm glad they enjoy it.  But don't come into this game because D3 is between seasons and you like loot based games. If you do pick up the game, do so because you hate that Diablo 2 became Diablo 3 and Torchlight was too jovial for your tasteEdit: There seems to be some confusion relating to my confusion.  I did not find the mechanics confusing, I found them complicated.  That complication does not add to my enjoyment of the game.  Yes, the internet exists, at any point I am but a few keystrokes away from infinite knowledge of a given subject.  That does not mean that gameplay mechanics should be designed and implemented without elegance. Yes the respec Witch does have a quest she offers you, but no other NPC ever mentions her and she is alone up in a corner of the starting camp.  A new player might not find her, is there a compelling reason that her quest isn't issued by another NPC to help draw attention to her position?It is fantastic that the community for this game is heavily involved with it, and if you look at the online guide or the Wiki there is a plethora of information for you, I merely wish that more of that information was presented in the game itself, or was more intrinsic during gameplay.  That said, Grim Dawn is designed like this on purpose I am sure.  It harkens back to the classics of the genre, where study was required for a player to excel in a game.  That is fine, it's just not for everyone.Also ""damage from Chthonian beings"" is taken directly from the mouse over text for Chaos Damage on the character screen.  If this actually isn't a damage type then it should be removed from the description.  This is also where I learned that Frostfire was a subtype for cold damage.  For a while I thought that it was some sort of hybrid Fire/Cold thing based on the name.  Fun fact: Chthonian is a real word meaning ""relating to the underworld.""  Go Go Gadget Classical Education."
,Recommended,219990,19776320,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Death by Diarrhea,"Got this game, got the epic armor soiled trousers, walked right into a mob of monsters, really soiled my trousers."
76561198040789501,Recommended,219990,28530349,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kahawai,I like this game but when you reach say 30-85 MOTHER OF GOD the grind is real. I would much rather it be a fast pasce till say mid elite to ulimate and the it slows down bacuse I just don't want to grind in the early game. It has tons of content but if you want to spend 2 hrs a night playing good luck getting anywhere. This game is for the hardcore no life and not the casual. It's really sad too coz I wanted to experiment more.
76561197972269641,Recommended,219990,21476004,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,y4nn,Best arpg i ever played
76561198074598548,Recommended,219990,14697729,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,EvilClone,Super rare pants dropped.....New ability received.....i can now throw sh!t from my pantsdamage is 10x better than my most powerful attacks10/10would throw sh!t at ACT I boss to death.
76561198057224068,Recommended,219990,31857571,Posted: 20 May,all,Fiveball,"There aren't many games i feel like reviewing but this is an exception. Similar to Path of Exile and Diablo 2 to an extent. Its a gritty hack and slash ARPG that vomits loot and is fun to play. At $25 USD I feel i am getting a great deal for the content.There are plenty of class and ability combinations to mess around with to keep you busy, tweaking and playing different characters for hours on end. Visit the GrimDawn official forums for more information than you could ever want on the different classes, gearing options and constellation combinations. The amount of customization is significant.As a rule i hate reading lore in a game liek this. I'd rather smash a monsters face in with a rusty axe over stopping to read some bit of lore in a zone, However this game i saoked it all in. The story and the bits and peices of lore from around the areas is captivating and well written. There is some DARK stuff in those. Vastly entertaining for an A.D.D. hack and slash gamer like me.The spells and abilities can be somewhat underwhelming to see. The voice acting is downright horrid. I have a cat that sometimes makes some weird sounds in its sleep and im pretty sure he could do better. This doesnt bother me.The game developer is planning to release some more DLC so if you punch through the hundreds of hours of gameplay you can drop some cash for more content. If it is in line with the game as it stands you wont be disappointed. They also continue to fix minor bugs that arise.If you have any questions about the game feel free to message me."
,Recommended,219990,21482546,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,popoki,"In a nutshell, it's nothing new for the genre, but it's loaded with polish.  The atmosphere, combat, gamefeel, classes, it's all great.  Just don't expect anything groundbreaking of different -- simply a damn fine ARPG."
,Recommended,219990,21260886,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Minerva,"If this game was a spoon, it would be a good spoon."
76561198072635551,Recommended,219990,20727373,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Bjorn,I got it on Steam Sale best 15$ spend in my entire life
76561198022731015,Recommended,219990,20719321,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Griefs Rest,Fun but buggy on my home build.
,Recommended,219990,21465603,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jaqqour,"If you even slightly enjoy ARPG's this game is for you.Im about 250 hours in, and its still fun and fresh to play around in.Stop reading, and start playing!!  Just keep comming back to this one."
76561197998780375,Recommended,219990,21465818,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,dekree18,Very good for diablo clone. Hope game will have continued support such as Path of Exile.
,Recommended,219990,21466307,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,smeagledorf,I dont type well so here we go.  Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!su·per·ca·li·fra·gil·is·tic·ex·pi·a·li·do·cious[ˌso͞opərˌkaləˌfrajəˌlistikˌekspēˌaləˈdōSHəs]ADJECTIVEinformalextraordinarily good; wonderfulThank You!
,Recommended,219990,21359253,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Count Drake-ula Dangereulești,"Grim Dawn:The only game i bought Early AccessI love ARPG's,i played games like Diablo 2 when i was young,and in recent years games like Titan Quest,Torchlight 1 and 2,and Path of Exile.But i don't think any of them(maybe not even D2..) has hit *that* snare like Grim Dawn.I cannot explain it,it just feels amazing to hack into enemies,and launch explosives that gibs them apart as if it's a TF2 match!Not to mention the fact that while it ""suffers"" from the ARPG problem of 99% of loot being junk money and 1% being good,it's higher tier loot(Epics..Legendaries..the potential higher loot tier that some people have been speculated will be implemented) actually differenciates itself from the lower tier loot with things like a bit of backstory lore associated with it,having unique skills and passives and generally feeling more powerful than yellows and greens.Pros- Combat,it's meaty,bloody and feels great,physics are a big part for a successful combat system,and that is where some games completely miss the plank and either have almost no physics or just do it so silly it's out of place and weird.Grim Dawn somehow manages to strike a good balance between silly and badass physics,you can literally launch people onto roofs if you throw an explosive under their feet but you can also send them flying for abit when doing a melee crit!-Loot,as earlier explained it's loot is great,has unique art,personally a big one for me since i loved it in D2 and such. There are exceptions to the rule of course but i feel i'm still too much of a noob to really go into detail and know what i'm talking about-Skills! Here is where TQ's heritage comes to shine,even the skill layout screen looks similar! For those not familiar with TQ's skill system,basicly you have two classes,you choose one at level 2(?) and then another one at level 10,and you can freely invest skill points into both and you can come up with some really cool combo's.I have a Commando,which is a combination of the Demolitionist and Soldier classes,combining sweet passives and some skills from Soldier with the explosive skills from Demolitionist,and 2handing,and it actually works,it's pretty much a build i concocted on my own as i played and it works,i'm occassionally struggling against an enemy hero but not enough that it's impossible/annoyingly idiotic to beat them.The game also has some cons for me,but mostly pet peeves/non important issues-Bugs,currently the game only has one major bug for me and many others,and that is that large battles get REALLY laggy,as in it drops from solid 60 to 20 and even lower sometimes depening on the amount of spells and enemies on the screen.However Crate seems to be adressing this.-Setting,personally it's not my thing,i preferred the more ""tangible"" world of TQ over that of Grim Dawn but it's tolerable,if not abit generic(yay zombies and spiders...!)-Spiders,yes you heard me,stop putting these idiots in games,and stop making them so damn big! It's bad enough i have to see them when i'm showering x3-Difficulty,both in it's structure and normal's difficulty,never had i experience a game which was so extremely easy i only died 4 times throughout the whole campaign,and 2 of those were due to me either being distracted IRL or AFK.Potions abundant,enemies falling in a single hit most of the time..but oh boy then Elite comes across the field and just dropkicks you right in the stomach! Which brings me to the fact i cannot choose my desired difficulty from the start,in place there is a Diablo 2 style difficulty increase through multiple playthroughs,starting when you beat the final boss you get the option to jump into the next difficulty.Tolerable though i wouldn't lie if i said either make normal more difficult or give us an option to just jump into a new difficultywith new characters starting at roughly the average level at which you unlock a difficulty.However in the end i CANNOT recommend this game enough,i love so many things about it,it's easy to get into,and most systems are clear,well explained but hard to master if you decide to play the game through on the later difficulties(and it will kick your♥♥♥♥♥from time to time on those difficulties...Salazar......)But i heartly recommend this game despite some of it's design decissions i feel are abit archaic,because in place there are a lot of quality of life improvements like no TP/Indentify scroll and the fact the map remembers where you were and grays out areas you have been your previous session.Also apparently i do not know how to end revies properly. :DI'd say buy the game and give it a swing,if you don't like it you can always refund it ^^"
,Recommended,219990,20727380,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Wralyth,"Outstanding, have started to put my views forward in reviews and this one has to be the easiest. Dont wait any longer buy the game. I have been a Diablo fan since the original and Grim Dawn takes the title away from them, the story, the character development and abundance of variation available, the dual class is a pure winner. Enjoy it as I have and will continue to in the days/weeks/months ahead - oh yeah the multiplayer is great too!!"
76561198019902848,Recommended,219990,12442425,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Cow King,Very nice game! Can't wait to see what's coming!
76561198120662040,Recommended,219990,14416071,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,KornFlakes,"Grim Dawn is a perfect game to refresh the hack and slash genre, ever since the hack and slash genre took a bad turn (*cough* Diablo 3 *cough*)But, it brings back that Diablo 2 feeling, which is great, smooth gameplay, and the ability to combine 2 classes makes it really cool and special, sort of like Path of Exile where you can make your own builds.I felt the story telling could be alot better, but overall, it tells a better story than diablo 3 anyday -.-I highly recommend this game for veterans or newcomers of the hack and slash genre, and its a great game to lose yourself in10/10 - IGN"
,Recommended,219990,10836529,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MlaG Shunwon,13 hours in and I love the game thus far! Keep up the great work.
,Recommended,219990,20784309,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Emperor Solaris,really good!
,Recommended,219990,20982733,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sylvzz,"Im kinda new to this genre, having only played Torchlight II, and i decided to give a shot to this game, only by seeing the screenshots and how the user reviews were fine. It ended up being a nice shot.Its an action rpg. Its like an action game, which uses a point and click engine, but with tons of RPG elements, like itens, classes, a level system and a classic arpg camera. I found this game to be much deeper and harder than Torchlight II. Grim Dawn's story is rich, it contains choice and consequence elements and its very complete, with good side quests, factions and different characters you can interact with. There are 6 classes, but since you can choose to be 2 of them, there are a good number of combinations. My char. is a Witch Blade: Soldier and Occultist.The graphics are okay, i personally prefer the style of Torchlight II, but this is me. Since the game recently came out of early acess, there are minor bugs across the game, a lot of them are minor graphic bugs, since the map is huge. And i suffered some FPS drops in some big fights.There is a very complex skill system, which you can use to improve your char, by discovering shrines across the game, which ables you to choose ""Constellations"" to give special traits to your char.Well, its a very simple review. I reccomend this game if you like the genre or if you wanna try something new."
,Recommended,219990,10952216,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Frostraven,Really fun Action RPG.  Interesting Character mechanics similar to Titan Quest.  A lot of fun if you like the genre.
76561197994187881,Recommended,219990,9610044,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,specialandy,Great fun & would highly highly recommend!
,Recommended,219990,14261928,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Inovade,It's the best ARPGthat's it
76561198048068339,Recommended,219990,13294805,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Rain Dog,Killed a giant cockroach and stole his pants.11/10
,Recommended,219990,13932730,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,LeagueOfLegends,So far I found this  game to be a  majestic ketchup novel with tart and  zest. I recommend  this  game  to anyone at anytime and  any ethnicity also  included  but not limited to spoon. I played Diablo 3 and Path of Exile but I'm smart and handsome so I prefer Grim Dawn. 15/10
,Recommended,219990,10950440,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,William Smithers,yes
76561198061129830,Recommended,219990,8824075,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,HaviK,game = amazing
,Recommended,219990,21631845,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,⚔️  Ž ⏂ Ṛ   🐉,Titans Quest Reborn! Fantastic!!!
76561198028831899,Recommended,219990,24321224,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Swemmer,Havent had this much fun since Diablo 2
76561198082384072,Recommended,219990,30597592,Posted: 18 March,all,kevinmcclements,Love this game. Not a bad thing to say about it. A must buy for fans of this genre. Excellent big maps to explore. Huge amount of loot.  Great skill tree. 5 stars for me.
76561198044434872,Recommended,219990,17480672,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Brdwaydog,"Yes its a fun game, its a good idea, but try to lower texture below high and you lose everythign literally you are just a ghost fighting ghosts with no trees or forms anywhere. The game is neat and i know its early access and has been for 2 years, but it randomly deleted my chars and reset all my settings which makes me not want to play it"
76561198040529425,Recommended,219990,28818307,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SilentStinger,"An awesome game. Similar to path of excile but without lags. Interesiting lore, storyline, skills. Recommend this game to those who appriciates ""old style"" RPGs."
,Recommended,219990,19570532,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Town-Portal,Just buy it.
76561197996858795,Recommended,219990,13194341,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,birdis0n,"Update 21.01.2016: If you ever played and liked any ARPG in your life before then just buy this and support Crate for this phenomenal work, I play this game since the very beginning and it gets with every update better.Update: 5.12.2015: Game of the year 2016Update 13.6.2015: Masterpiece"
76561198191590985,Recommended,219990,23826938,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,HacknSlashn,This game is definately a step in the right direction in the ARPG genre. Where Diablo 3 fails in its story Grim Dawn is a fascinating tale with problems to solve on many fronts. If this game had the financial support like D3 I would be giddy to see what the folks at Crate would come up with. A definate buy
,Recommended,219990,22278725,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Reilly,Fan friggin tastic. What an ARPG should be.
,Recommended,219990,19979764,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BlackGhost,"This game is the natural successor of Titan Quest.It has the same two class system from TQ and more with a new deity talent system.The gameplay is similar to the one in Titan Quest with lots of loot and monsters, including unique hero-monsters.If you like hack & slash games like Diablo 2, Torchlight or Titan Quest - this game is the one to play.I don't usually buy early access games, and even if I do - I usually don't play them until the official release - but I loved the idea of this game so much that I tried it even in early access.I recommend playing this game even in early access as all content is currently unlocked.Edit :After the game is out of Early Access it does not disappoint.Here's hoping for many expansions for it !10/10 for this game."
76561198030699279,Recommended,219990,20229719,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Zherkan,What Diablo 3 should have been. This is Titan Quest Legacy.
,Recommended,219990,24283361,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Simes,"Action RPG in the vein of Diablo 1/2 and Titan Quest. Definitely try this game if you're looking for a new game to try that places more value in gameplay, story and developing your own character. If you're looking for a fast game with minimal character development and just want to zip from objective to objective, don't get this.Gameplay 10/10Replayability 10/10Graphics 6/10Stability as of this writing: 5/10Warning: this game is constantly being developed. Recently, it keeps crashing when I attempt to exit to desktop. However, I don't recall having that problem with previous builds. Just be aware that it can be buggy after each build."
76561198009652198,Recommended,219990,17615771,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,/_\ Napalmrave /_\,"From the creators of Titan quest and expansion Immortal throne and from dev team from Diablo 1 and 2 combined forces!!Seriously, my spine tingles!Now we see the insane creation of two highly respected games combined and still altered to match todays request of roleplay game.Yes.What else is there to be thrown to us?! We can only wait at the promised release date!I have found that this game has gone to live a already working online grouping and very helpful community behind it.I LOVE hardcore modes and this game does not let me down!To all the hack&Slash&roleplay fans out there! THIS IS MUST TEST!Yes, I have  375.6 hours of game play..."
76561198136310330,Recommended,219990,23757894,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bigseshey,"I started this game out and was pretty overwhelmed to be honest.  I played for about 3 hours and took about a week long break from it, I returned got past the first big boss and haven't been able to stop playing.  I would recommend this game to anyone that likes Diablo games or Torchlight games.Pros:-A lot of build diversity-Setting-Pacing of combat-Little random encounters along your quest that add some variation to the regular questsCons:-Inventory management/UI is a little clunky but you get use to itOverall:Buy this game, be patient get to around level 11-12 and it will become addicting."
,Recommended,219990,17522037,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,PugChampion☠,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ you cannot go wrong with this! its so well done i cant stop playing my absolute favorite game now!
,Recommended,219990,20263604,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,KraatZa,Awesome Hack 'n' Slash
76561198049457919,Recommended,219990,20001413,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,No.XI,"Massive in-depth content, quests, skills, classes, items, spells, monsters with great graphics and gameplay and so many different choices and customizations to make. Although scheduled to be taken out of early access in Feb 2016 and having minor bugs & tweaks that need to be addressed (and they are addressed frequently, believe me), this is a breath-taking game that will definitely encourage long hours of gameplay."
76561198005606571,Recommended,219990,17493724,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,KillerB,"Fun game, I can play it on and off again. It definately has replay value."
,Recommended,219990,17551222,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,RoninExaltin,"It's your typical ARPG game but far better than most current ones in my opinion. The feel and look of the game brings me back to Diablo 2 days where things were just very dark and heavy when you first started out. I feel the creatures you fight are more punishing and your character development is far more open than most other games allow. You are able to pull abilites from different class sections, thus adding many combinations to your character development for whooping♥♥♥♥♥and getting the fats lewts. My personal favorite thing about the game so far is the music. It's incredibly well done and suitable for the atmosphere and theme of the game.I'm incredibly impressed and pleased with the game so far in this beta. It doesn't feel like one to me. Few short hours and have yet to experience any bugs with the game so far. Once more time is allowed, I will be putting more hours into the game and be adding to this review."
76561197971270292,Recommended,219990,16782634,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Anaxagorax,Had to help some farmers with the harvest by hitting possessed scarecrows in the pumpkin with a sword. Best farming simulator ever.
76561198120776929,Recommended,219990,19838471,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,LonePisces,Worth every money
76561198003942598,Recommended,219990,28495585,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,nuffsaid,"For such a small Team this Game is AMAZING!!!Best Item Drop Ever.Soiled Trousers""The previous owner seems to have left a little surprise in the seat of these trousers.""Epic Pants98 Armor+25% Poison Damage170 Poison Retaliation Over 5 Seconds15% Chance of 2 Seconds of Confuse RetaliationGranted Skills:Throw Feces (Granted by Item)Reach into the seat of your pants and pull out something that is certain to alarm your enemies.32 Energy Cost6 Second Duration3 Meter Radius230 Poison Damage Over 5 Seconds25% Slow target For 5 SecondsRequired Player Level: 20Required Physique: 135Item Level: 18"
76561198063371772,Recommended,219990,22105273,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Eccy,Used full two week vacation on this game... got spoiled pants and mutant arm as a reward. 10/10
,Recommended,219990,22778344,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Rangeclaw,Brilliant game. Also this game  DOESNT require active connection omg !!! Those old nerds like me be praised.
76561198051204238,Recommended,219990,24195676,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,majrduffr,"good RPG...tough, well thought out, and rewarding.   Very large area, little duplication.  Good graphics.  Hats off to Crate!"
76561198030134278,Recommended,219990,24146110,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nasdan,just wow
,Recommended,219990,24027577,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Radeon Force,"One of the best Action RPG ever made, if you like Diablo 2 so buy this.+ Great talents customization+ Nice Graphics+ Nice game ambient+ Loot, loot and more loot9/10"
,Recommended,219990,20010294,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Deranged Cultist,"Bought together with friends to co-op after I decided I would lose the will to live if I had to grind the same old stuff in Diablo 3 one more time.The atmosphere, soundtrack and setting is amazing in my opinion. It's grim (ha), dark and has plenty of dungeons to crawl through. The maps are big enough and fun to explore. The classes are diverse and fun and the added possibility to multi-class is definitely a plus. I'd recommend this game to anyone who likes a good action rpg.The only downside for me so far is that the achievements aren't active (yet?) since I love achievement hunting but that doesn't take away that it's a great game nonetheless."
76561197994907256,Recommended,219990,27313362,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mikaelion,"The game is a fantastic mix of Diablo and Titan Quest. It's rather hard to get into, since there's so much to think about when building up your character. Fortunately, you can re-allocate most of your points that you've used rather early in the game.If you're a fan of the Action RPG-genre, this game is a great add to your collection. It's dark, it has depth, it's pretty and it's fun. Do try it out."
,Recommended,219990,19538999,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Sarkoforos,"Press BUY, now!10/10 for aRPG lovers.P.S. Dear developers, thank you for this game and also thank you for the Titan Quest one!"
76561197975709802,Recommended,219990,20074269,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Brighteluden,Great game and definetly worth it's price of admission. I highly recommend it if you're a fan of the AARPG genre.
,Recommended,219990,21554221,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,🅱ecla,"~First 3 Hours~I felt giddy like a kid again first discovering Diablo, misclicking on everything trying to fight a group of monsters and hitting wooden boxes instead. The atmosphere, sound, visuals, monsters, lairs, green stinky water, voice acting, everything is just really good so far. Loving it.~10 Hours~Tried some coop, it ran really smooth and was so easy to set up. Loving it (still.)~15+ Hours~Had first big boss fight, loved it, moved onto the western side of the map. Came across a bug, seems to have a 50/50 chance to crash when I exit, but thats it."
,Recommended,219990,24676563,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Vexel78,"What can I say? I love this action RPG! I've been playing this ever since the beta came out. I followed Crate Entertainment ever since playing their previous game ""Titan Quest"" and I've been a fan of their dual class system ever since.I'm currenlty playing and experimenting with multiple classes, while collecting a ton of items, and going on all quests. Leaving no stone unearthed, I'm traveling to every known cave, area on the map as possible & I'm still discovering new areas."
,Recommended,219990,17691237,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Wonky Tadpole,"If you're a fan of the genre chance are you'll enjoy this game. If you're a fan of Path of Exile and the Titan Quest games, that chance skyrockets phenomenally. From the graphics engine to the story this indie game that's still in early release fulfills all ecpectations, and then some, of what this style of game should-and in the minds of some, used to be. With echoes of the Diablo family it's a knockout sure to bring hours of enjoyment ot even the most critical of gamers. The mastrery system, plus creature augment parts from Titan Quest, the dark medieval style graphics and spell effects from PoE plus a brand new combo of story+faction rep and crafting is a near seamless blend of what this 8 man team is capable of. Even if you just get the bronze version, please support this awesome team so we can se what awaits us down the road in the form of more content and class updates. And anyone who can make me hate in-game spiders as much as I do real life ones is almost automatically guaranteed my vote, but that's besides the point. Your investment in this is highly unlikely to be wasted, and anyways if you're a gamer what do you really have to lose?"
,Recommended,219990,30618267,Posted: 19 March,all,[LGN]Johnny_Blaze,"Simply put, one of the best games I've played...period.  A great ARPG with a very supportive DEV team.  The gameplay is immersive and expansive.  Its simply everything I wanted in a game like this."
76561198006429356,Recommended,219990,21453262,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Totschlaeger,+1 Faith in early access restored.
,Recommended,219990,30586916,Posted: 18 March,all,StyLe,Verry good game !!!!  Addictive
76561197972622346,Recommended,219990,30589032,Posted: 18 March,all,toptom1,I have played pretty much every ARPG game out there and hands down grim dawn has improved opon anything i have seen on this genre.I usualy do not follow or read lore in ARPG games but the detail in the actual enviorment and story i am actually finding myself reading everything.The lore and managment system is so easy to use but yet strageic. Combat is best of any other ARPG.This game is hands down 10/10 and even if you are in the slightist intrested in this game or wondering if to give it a chance you wont be disapointed.
,Recommended,219990,24558216,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Krabic,"Great game! As a fan of Titan Quest and aRPGs in general I enjoy this game. Lots of content and character customization. One of the best action RPGs in a few years.If you like this genre, go ahead and buy it."
76561198048197866,Recommended,219990,21509599,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Voar,I dont give perfect ratings often but this is ARPG in its perfect form.
76561198065527035,Recommended,219990,21526053,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DMTESLA666,Grim Dawn sets a new standard for the ARPG Hack n Slash genre. You're looking at a Diablo 2/Titan Quest calibre game that will only get better with time.This is how you make a video game! 10/10
,Recommended,219990,24206925,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Gabesz,It's similar to Titan Quest. Levelling is great because of the different skill choices. I like the item system but the quest handling seems to be horrible. Sometimes I ran into powerful monsters in a low-lvl territory which was strange. I can recommend it.
76561198205092867,Recommended,219990,32709545,Posted: 23 June,all,jmuniz6937,"Almost 500 hrs in and I still feel like i've just scratched the surface.If Diablo 2 (atmosphere) and Torchlight (guns) somehow had a beautiful mutant baby with Titan Quest (hybrid classes), Grim Dawn would be that baby. Everything I love about my favorite ARPGs all rolled into one.10/10, will play at least another 500 hrs."
,Recommended,219990,27796809,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tomik,"I would definitelly recommend Grim Dawn to people who liked original Titan Quest. Most of the TQ flaws and stuff that made you mad are fixed and much better. To others who like who like Diablo like games I would recommend it too. Interesting Dual class system with Devotions system makes the game really interesting.Multiplayer makes the game even more interesting and challenging and networkk code seems to be wokring perfectly, without any mentionable issues.Game is still very interesting to play even after finishing all three levels of difficulty. Crucible mode helps :-)Story: AverageGraphics: Really niceGameplay: Awesome"
,Recommended,219990,21449323,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,markljunggren,A great ARPG in the Titan Quest style with dual-class system in an grim world when mankind has to fight to survive against multiple foes.Pros:+ Great story+ Multiple playstyles thanks to alot of class choices and skills+ Absolutly gorgeous+ Alot of lootCons:- Replayability can be a bit boring due to the fact that 3 seperate playthroughs is offer to get to end-game much like Diablo 2 have and Diablo 3 had in the beginning- Stash space is limited. Never understood this. ARPG is all about loot. Why limit loot space? Makes no sense to meOverall 9/10
76561198029485241,Recommended,219990,30612975,Posted: 19 March,all,Dhavaer,"Titan Quest, at a higher resolution, more user friendly and in a gothic fantasy setting. Having the currently equipped item show when you hover over something in your inventory is helpful, as is showing the DPS change for weapons. The engine is much the same, however, this is not a change like Diablo 2 to Diablo 3. If you liked Titan Quest but want something a bit more modern, you should give this a look."
,Recommended,219990,30595562,Posted: 18 March,all,Dataslak,One of the very best ARPG games I've played! Can safely recommend for fans of the ARPG genre. In many ways I find this game deeper and more fun than Diablo 3.
,Recommended,219990,21531716,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Zholik,"This game is actually amazing, buy it now if your are a fan of ARPG's"
,Recommended,219990,24715931,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Cody712,Great game. Fun to play with friends or solo.
76561198009115016,Recommended,219990,21592075,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Sarahsauce,"Love the game :)  Amazing for its price, and its downsides aren't so bad.+ Great atmosphere+ Beautiful graphics+ Music of high quality+ Some voice acting+ Many class combos+ Highly addictive- Attack & casting animations are a bit stiff / unspectacular- Can be samey sometimes, requiring time investment"
76561198009519204,Recommended,219990,22537514,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Moh,"If you've played Diablo 1 & 2 and Titan Quest and you loved them, you'll love Grim Dawn.I wasn't expecting much from it but I was surprised of how good it is.it's the kind of game that will keep you playing just for the hell of it.I'll have to play more to make a more in depth review, but so far I love every aspects of it : atmosphere is great, class mix is excellent (was one of the best thing in Titan Quest), lots of monsters, nice animations and spell FX, not too easy and punishing when you don't pay attention.Buy this game ! =D"
76561198069287361,Recommended,219990,21421852,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Mr.Crane,This game is gorgeous *_*
76561198325842934,Recommended,219990,32732089,Posted: 24 June,all,castermadness,"Possibly the most enjoyable game i have played since diablo 2.i enjoy it alot, and it has a very simular style of skill point selection. all i can say is...You better buy it while its on sale or either buy it for full price,i highly recommend you give this game a go if you love the dark style to it.9.5/10 for me-0.5 lacks actual character customization.thats all i can give to complaint :D"
,Recommended,219990,22313484,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,FURY,9/10 better then diablo 3.but diablo 2 is still 10/10 the best.
76561197961914074,Recommended,219990,22323250,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,V|nGuMM|B4MsE,"I was a big fan of diablo 1 and 2, and yes i played diablo 3 much aswell, but this game is what diablo 3 should have been. The story is really good, and that comes from someone who normally does'nt give a damn about the lore in games. I read every single note i could get my hands on. I have nothing bad to say at the moment. It's a really really good game, and i highly recommend it if you liked/like to play diablo and/or titan quest.What are you waiting for? BUY IT"
76561197970632858,Recommended,219990,22161274,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,IFlashBangedUrMoM,What D3 shoulda been... But dont take my word for it..
,Recommended,219990,22276433,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,DeadlyKitten,"I'm done with Grim Dawn, it was fun, I played about 100hrs in which I've created 2 characters, I've reached Level 44 with one and 74 with another, was able to glance through the first missions on the last difficulty (Ultimate) and acquired a couple Legendary items that was useful.The game has a good interesting story, although it's very digressive because of multiple factions, I often was confused with the multiple ""main"" plots. Don't get me wrong side-quests are a good thing, it's just that I felt there wasn't a compelling main story. I've finished the game I thought ""That was it?"". Aside from that the stories and quests are very well written and presented, specially the ones you collect as lore items, it was intriguing to always look for another piece to know what happened next. A big plus also for quest branches, allowing to actually change the game and story.The gameplay is good, there's good amount of skills for each class with different builds and play-styles, not to mention the amount of masteries with the double-class sytem. The combat system often got me excited, often got me mad, it's great to put your skill to some use and not only the random click-fest that usually is ARPGs. I mean, there's interesting combat mechanics, like healers, and support mobs that have to be killed first, it's movement intense and you have to coordinate the skill usage.The graphics are good, the scenery is dark, bloody and gothic, the animations though could be better, for example, the character animation when it's running often feels like it's on a roller blade, character posing stand-still is ugly, and often I got stuck in the environment after the animation of one of the movement skills I had.Itemization is a problem, I got several items that I had no use for me while lacking items to progress the game, I understand this is a RNG game, although some sort of mechanism needs to be in place to fulfill this gaps, like the loot system implement in Diablo, or a quick and easy way to trade. Anyway going alone or ""self founded"" as the community says is quite a task, and would demand a lot of time. That's the main reason I've got bored: looking after loot, not finding and knowing that would take a lot of time to get it.TL;DR;It's a good ARPG ""Diablo like"" game with an well written story, good graphics and regular to poor animations. I definitely recommend if you like ARPGs."
76561198015888489,Recommended,219990,21533927,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Kronix,Embrace the grind!This game picks up where d2 left off and where d3 missed the beat in my opinion. With a very different approach to char building your are left with a wide varity of build options as you are not going to be a single class but by the time you hit lvl 10 you will be able to mix 2 different classes to form it's own unque character.  You can combine skills just the way you want them and there are so much customization you'll have your hands fullGreat game play and a great price at €25
,Recommended,219990,21961845,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Socks,So far the best game of 2016 me. Build possibilities feel endless and with mods & expansions coming soon they probably will be. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,219990,21452770,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ÍØ»Metallikatz,"Got about 260 hours into this game. I have created so many characters it isn't funny. I don't like comparing games to other games. But for those of you who don't know what ARPG's are. Its like Diablo 3 on Steriods. Classes have unique abilities, and passives. You can dual class. There is blood and gore everywhere. Dark and colorful auras.This game looks nice and is nice. Got it on sale, But I wouldnt mind paying full Price for this. guys over at CRATE really outdone themselves on this game. Its good."
76561198034650868,Recommended,219990,22208169,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,analepticabyss,"This game is addicting and fun. Plusses are the class and point system, it's also pretty challenging on everything above normal which I enjoy. The only cons for me were that the points you put into ""mastery"" and secondary class are not changeable which irratated me a bit. The quests are also a bit bland. Beyond that, I discovered through this game what I'd been missing in ARPGs all these years."
76561197971073398,Recommended,219990,21529116,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,tonebone,"For all those hesitant to pull the trigger on Grim Dawn. It's worth it.I'm a big fan of ARPG's, played Titan Quest and loved it. Been playing D3 since release.I kept seeing this game in my feed and watched a bunch of reviews, finally decided to get it during a little sale and it's pretty darn fun. I've been playing solo, I've made 3 hardcore characters on Veteran difficulty, they've all died and I still want to keep playing.Yes, It's still your basic click and kill ARPG, not too much different in terms of gameply. But you have to expect that going in. You are literally only dropping 25 (less than that on a sale day) and you are getting an up to date and unique D2.Pick it up when you get a chance."
76561198082538484,Recommended,219990,21530943,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,nominator,I give diablo 3 8/10 becouse diablo doesnt support gamepad.But this game support gamepad.10/10
76561197975454034,Recommended,219990,21531779,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,'Muricaball,"Feels like an AAA title at $25, looks and plays very well. Only had 1 bit of slowdown on max settings, have yet to encounter any bugs. Skill trees are interesting, the devotion system is interesting. If you like ARPGs, you'll probably enjoy this."
76561198072040348,Recommended,219990,22096396,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Dash Radige,"Probably the best ARPG I have ever played. Grim Dawn offers an outstanding character customization, the dual clash selection from 6 existing classes plus the devotion system and the numerous passive and active skills from equipment and enchanting components create literaly infinite playstyles to explore and enjoy. The faction system makes the game more interesting both in farming and questing. You can explore the world for many secret locations, treasures and even hidden quests.To top it all of it only costs 24,99 which is a very good price for a game with great repeatability and I strongly recommend it to all the ARPG fans."
,Recommended,219990,22407278,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Clarkr,Best of the Best.
76561197981374310,Recommended,219990,21489660,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,eviltier,This is a fantastic ARPG with a great style about it. Does a good mix of old and new things that keep it familiar yet entertaining. Character progression has lots of diffferent options with talent trees and lots of different gear and gem collection / socketing etc.Developers are great and have continued to improve the game throughout early access with the promise of continuing improvement in the future.Looking forward to sinking more hours into the full release!
,Recommended,219990,21526881,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,petrescue,"I found out about this game onmmorpg.comwhile looking at the list of recently released game....This game is AWESOME! I havent been able to stop playing. I would say I've already gotten my monies worth at this point and I feel like there is much more to the game left for me to explore.The story, combat, quests, and world are all very detailed. The skill trees, ability to dual class, and the amount of gear to find and craft is over the top. It's been a while since I've been sucked into a game as I have been in the past few days. If you are a fan of ARPGs you owe it to yourself to play this game.Final Score : 9/10**********************************************BUY THIS GAME**********************************************The only negatives I have for this game are that some elements in the UI could use a little polish. Example : When you first start the game, it's not immediately clear that you need to create a character first -> not a problem since you'll figure this out in a half a second but the process could be smoother. Also, when you level up if you close the window without assigning points you'll need to press S or re-open the skill window some other way since the level button in the middle is disabled again. The additional bag icons are not immediately obvious."
,Recommended,219990,21529503,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Cuddlefish,"Well constructed ARPG in the 'lots of stuff to pick up and modifiers to consider' mold. Main point of concern for me is the overall tone - it's at a level of dire grimness that, were I note amused by the over-to-top nature of it, would be utterly oppressive. Endless stacked corpses everwhere, place names like Wightmire and Devil's Crossing abound - it's all rather trying way too hard. It's a shame, in that the one piece of its Titan Quest pedigree it fails to live up to is the very thing Titan Quest did best, crafting an interesting and cohesive world and aesthetic. The world of 'Cairn' is just... uninspired and generic. Saddening. Still, the gameplay is great, so take it as you will."
,Recommended,219990,21530758,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Javiso | OTG,"This game is awesome! Well done! Absolutely brilliant! I am having so much fun playing it! I have absolutely no performance problems. Zero. All settings maxed out: 16GB RAM, Core i7-4770k, GeForce GTX 970. Run, don't walk and buy it now. I just can't stop playing it. I've played them all: all three Diablos, Titan Quest, all Torchlights, all Dungeon Sieges and this is one of the best if not the best and most fun. For $22.49 on sale here, they are practically giving it away.Enjoy!"
76561198063554822,Recommended,219990,21533302,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pufferfish,"I have played this game since its early release and would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoyed games such as Titan quest, Diablo and Torchlight. The developers have being faithful to their words and are responsive to community feedback. TL:DR Very well designed and clear cut Diablo-esque ARPG game that handles well and is extremely fun, but lacks the technical optimization and stability of a AAA title.Pros:- 6 very different character classes to choose from. Each with their own charm.- Every skill is meaningful and you can customize your character to your heart's content.- Combat is responsive and fun.- There are a large variety of drops from common to legendary. Rare items are rare enough that they are satisfying to get, but not so rare that you have to grind for days at a time. Caveat is that RNJesus will give you the same useless epic item seemingly over and over again.- Crafting is fairly useful and fun.- Lots of lores and interesting back stories.- Very long and intricate story line for an ARPG.- Overall extremely polished and fun game.Major Cons:- Game is not very well optimized. I have an average set up and sometimes still run into frame rate issues on med-high graphics.- Game is not entirely stable after the latest patch. I have being experiencing crashes once ever hour and with quiet a bit of my save date lost everytime. It might be only on demolishionist, but it has become very frustrating.Minor Cons:- Devotion system is very cool, but it grows so slowly and feels negligeble. At no point do you feel like ""WOW I AM SO GLAD I MAXED OUT THIS TREE."" It's a constant sense of ""another point here and...meh.""- You get a lot of the same unique item all the time for some reason.- It can be very grind heavy, especially with the reputation system. You might like it.- Game story is okay. But no one really plays this type of game for the story.- Graphics and animation isn't as flashy as some of the AAA games, but it is charming and fun.- No real voice acting, but who cares in a shoot and loot game."
76561197994705859,Recommended,219990,22156141,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,✪92IzI/Skins2.com,Like so muchRemind me Diablo2
,Recommended,219990,22217760,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Froppy,"Hours of fun, would recommend to any ARPG fan!Lots of replay value aswell each time you load up the game :)"
,Recommended,219990,22291080,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,AirfixPanzer,"Absorbing, old-skool hack'n'slash goodness. Surprisingly deep character-building, grimdark gameworld that feels like a superior home-brew, cowboys, Cthulu-esque demons and lots of deep, dark dungeons to explore.For the money you'd be foolish *not* to buy this game. Here's hoping to a long life-span for GD and tons of DLC goodness."
,Recommended,219990,22382944,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Fishzerg,"Grim Dawn paints an evil and sinister world, with an epic, yet a kind of down-to-earth story. Inspired by Lovecraft, it is weird, horrific and sometimes absurd. It's also very atmospheric. Grim Dawn is colorful but the shades are dark. The music has a melodic and lighter tone to it, but the background it is framed on consists of oppressive and dark ambient drones. When you enter underground places, the latter gets much louder, truly capturing the feeling of traversing a dim dungeon filled with all sorts of undead horrors.Grim Dawn is a perfect game for hardcore play, where death means actual in-game death. No online requirement means no lag, and everything is in sync. If you die, it will be your own tactical fault. If you are careful and plan well, you will beat the game, and it will be rewarding.Actually, the only thing I needed to know to fall in love with this game was that developers strived to make a game that respects your time. The hunt for loot is fun and rewards exploration instead of mindless killing over and over again. Grim Dawn is an action hack-n-slash RPG that promotes quality over quantity.Items are fun, character builds are varied and many, legendary items can make you change your playstyle, world is detailed and has a day-night cycle, lore is fulfilling and entertaining, combat is satisfying, story is to an extent player choice-driven and well-written, exploration is rewarding. Yes, I recommend this game very much."
76561198046169748,Recommended,219990,33290414,Posted: 5 July,all,steveterry,"I played all night and woke at the crack of Grim Dawn.  Replayability better than re-watching 'The Great Escape' every Christmas.  Get this if you possess a mouse.The game is a unique, legendary loot item."
,Recommended,219990,23709934,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Amaurus,"Grim Dawn is an ARPG. Popular games to compare it to are the Diablo series and Path of Exile (PoE). I usually played Grim Dawn with a friend of mine with either of us hosting and played almost exclusively hardcore mode. Hardcore mode is a character specific difficulty setting that will render your character unplayable if they die. One death and you need to make a new character.Hardcore vs Non-hardcore; the differences: Asides from the permadeath aspect, the only difference between hardcore and non-hardcore is that these two character types and all their gear can NEVER be mixed and matched. A hardcore player can never join a non-hardcore player's match and vice-versa. Each account has two of its own shared stashes that is shared between all your characters. One of those stashes is for your hardcore characters while the other is for non-hardcore characters. Some special crafting items cannot be put into your shared stash as well as money. Each character has a single page for its own storage; anything can be put in here. In your character select screen, a hardcore character has a distinct yellow aura around them.In regards to gameplay, Hardcore players need to build extremely carefully as a single mistake can easily lead to death. Many times, in hardcore, my character has been practically instant-killed, almost always due to me either zoning out or thinking my character was immortal; I was swiftly proved wrong.Classes: You get to choose two classes (In this game, classes are called Masteries); you can choose your initial mastery at level 2 (when you get your first points) and your second mastery at level 10. You are not forced to pick a second mastery at all and can very easily complete the game as one of the basic masteries with a bit of effort. Your choice in mastery is permanent and once you choose one, you are stuck with it as soon as you invest points into it. Each mastery (both your first and second mastery you choose) have something called Mastery Points. Each point in each respective mastery gives you bonus stats and approximately every 5 points unlocks more abilities and passives all the way up to a maximum of 50 mastery points. All masteries have a variety of options at your disposal, meaning there is no set build for any two class combinations. You could easily play as a tanky sword-and-board Blademaster (Nightblade & Soldier) that focuses on bleed damage. Or you can just as easily build a dual wielding blademaster that throws tankiness into the wind to go for massive damage.There are many options in regards to classes and damage types; from cold to vitality damage, there's a build for practically every single damage type you can imagine. The only limit is your inventory.Gear Dependence: In regards to true lategame, gear starts to become extremely relevant. The moment you hit Ultimate, enemies become significantly more lethal and its where your build truly starts to be tested. As you make your way through the game, there might be points where you just hit a wall (figuratively) and attempting to progress leads to many deaths. Many times, it just involves a bit of tweaking or adding components to your gear.(Note: All gear has essentially a single socket. You can add a single component to each piece of gear and many components can only be put into certain gear pieces. You cannot remove a component from an item without destroying either the item or the component.)Gear is certainly relevant in Grim Dawn, but it doesn't start to become extremely relevant until the hardest difficulty of Ultimate. Until then, you can easily live with what you find on the ground to keep you living.Online Capability, Netcode & Associated Issues: Many people, like myself, tend to play Grim Dawn over the internet. There are no servers so all connections must be either through LAN, simulated LAN, or local hosting with forwarded ports. Some players have no issue hosting at all, while me and my friend, due to having strange network setups, use an ancient version of Hamachi to connect to one another. Many players use either Hamachi or Tungle if they are having issues with connecting to one another.Once connected, there are a few issues at times. For the host, there is never an issue; no lag, no delay, as to be expected. For the person connected, there are occasional desync issues, from an item that cannot be picked up (since the host has already picked it up), to a monster that seems to be attacking the host from 30 feet away despite using melee attacks. One of the worst issues me and my friend have had a few times is an extremely lethal DoT applied in an aura to one of us. The other player has some sort of aura around them that will kill other players despite there being no PVP and no way to purge this. I have nearly been killed a few times on my hardcore character by this. Restarting the server is a guaranteed fix.Graphics & Framerate: The game itself is presented quite well, looking and sounding quite nice. At times it's a bit hard to sift through all the junk on the screen, but I manage quite easily. With many monsters on the screen, at times, the framerate will dip pretty significantly. Asides from this, the game runs at a constant 120+ fps for myself on a fairly powerful rig. On my laptop I occasionally play the game on though, every time my character picks up an item I get a massive stutter/lag spike lasting 0.25 seconds. If you purchase the game, I would recommend checking to see if you have this issue as it can very easily make the game almost unplayable.Overall, the game is a fun experience, especially with friends. It has a great deal of replayability with a significant amount of variety between the masteries. While it has a few issues, those can be overlooked easily."
76561198014891334,Recommended,219990,24691216,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,jzoomba,Non-suck Diablo3
,Recommended,219990,21448790,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Karikki,"Really fun ARPG! Satisfying combat, deep skill system and a lot of build variety, interesting loot, a lot of customization to items and skills, a faction system, great atmosphere and lots and lots of challenging monsters to vanquish.Highly recommendable! The ""money spend per hours of fun"" ratio is really good with this one."
,Recommended,219990,21448495,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,AlRokerSurprise,This is pretty much Titan's Quest in a grim dark setting on steroids. It also has a ton of content on one playthrough for an ARPG.
76561198034257496,Recommended,219990,21448547,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TrashCondor,Grim Dawn is an exceptional take on the ActionRPG genre. The dedication to fully flesh out the world and iterate and re-iterate on the design and balance make the game a labor of love and an incredible joy to play. Highly recommended.
76561197974201595,Recommended,219990,24475498,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mush,Great game. Highly recommand for Titan Quest's fans.
,Recommended,219990,24015532,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Big Daddy,Liked Titan Quest and Torchlight?? A no brainer to buy then!
,Recommended,219990,22129931,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,The_Mixitman,"I'm not a big ARPG guy.. I enjoyed Diablo II and Marvel Heroes, and D3 for a short bit. After just a few hours, I'm hooked on Grim Dawn. The story, the gameplay, the feel of it. All are just, right.If you're even considering this game, get it. It's worth every penny and then some. Excelent!"
,Recommended,219990,32657538,Posted: 22 June,all,Jeronimous,Much better than Diablo 3 in so many ways.
,Recommended,219990,17907446,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,SIGSEGV | I - 705,i love this game. the mechanic is solid. Never enjoy playing any action rpg games since torchlight 1 & 2 and found this game was amazing. what a fabulous early access game. very recommended. i'm really satisfied.
,Recommended,219990,24580628,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Rayquaza,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this amazing game!!!!!! Love love love love love <3
,Recommended,219990,28517082,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dread,"Reminds me of the dark and edgy graphics and freedom of class ii remember from Diablo 1, and the savagry from diablo 2. And gladly nothing like diablo 3. Very Fun."
76561197998784005,Recommended,219990,28519596,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hemoglobin,The best ARPG ever made. The only thing that would make it better is if it was a true multiplayer world like Path of Exile.
76561197971545786,Recommended,219990,17347273,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Kneel for me[DK],Played a lot of Diablo 3. I enjoy this game even more.
76561198071847120,Recommended,219990,22339165,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,myifone65,This is by far the BEST ARPG game out there! I've had this game for 5days now and I can't stop playing it. In that time I think I've slept maybe 8hrs. Rest of the time im playing this HIGHLY addictive game. Grim Dawn is the game I wanted to play 30yrs ago. Thank you Devs for giving my gaming life meaning again! You are the best. I would give this game a 10/10 stars.  :)
,Recommended,219990,20258411,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CyberCrusader,"TL;DR Best ARPG on the market.After the untimely demise of Ascaron studio with their Sacred series (everybody agrees that sacred 3 is pure sh*t right? :)), diablo 3 and PoE being what they are, and no other seriously themed ARPGs on horizon, Grim Dawn is the only hope.1. Iron Lore' previous game - Titan Quest - is on my ""best ARPG ever"" list. I bought GD in early access (beta 16 or so) and it had non-stop stream of updates (monthly), so it's rare game developer that doesn't scam you (unlike bugbear with their Next Car Game for instance). So the devs are good.2. The setting is superb. Somebody may think of it as generic, but in my opinion it's not. Dark gloomy fantasy world, after the cataclysm, with humanity on verge of extinction, but fighting back, with magic AND gunpowder - by far, it looks very compelling to me. There are hidden quests that are quite good and emerge you into this game world even more. So let the storyline unfold a little and you will see this dark world at it's best.  The devs say that this game won't be the only one in this setting.3. Core gameplay is of a typical ARPG. Very good ARPG to be honest. Skill system is what i like here the most. Classes are not generic, you have to mix them in pretty interesting ways to get a good toon. You can make different toons for years and they all will play different.Say, i've got semi-passive retaliation warder, you just run into bunch of mobs, put totem and wait till everyone around is dead while your hp bar never goes below 70%. Want action? Enter the assassin blademaster - you have to move around as you're squishy, but damage output is tremendous. Or you can just take your trusty revolver, summon hell beasts and watch as they tear everything apart.Also, skill enchantment wih devotion system? Also, skills from items and item enchantments?4. Item system is very good i think. Also got craft with dropping recipes and multiple ways to upgrade items.5. Game balance is quite ok for the moment, no super overpowered classes, no super underpowered, monsters are also good balanced.6. i've played some coop with my friends and there are couple of downside to it.Faction selection - if server owner plays for different faction it's kinda bad for you, as you cannot complete your quests and obviously you cannot help each other fighting different factions.Also when game ownerragequits other players just crash to desktop.Nevertheless multiplayer is fun. Also pvp to death on hardcore ultimate? :)I've played this game since beta 16 or so and i can say devs really like what they are doing - no major game breaking bugs (not even minor ones), continous development and patches/dlcs.Do i recommend this game? Absolutely!PS i've updated this review for ""I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award"" because this game is hidden gem."
76561198184983610,Recommended,219990,24130742,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,PrinceXavieR,if your body is not ready please do yourself a favor and don't buy this game..
,Recommended,219990,26059541,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DeepSixed,Spiritual Successor to Diablo 2.What D3 should have been.
76561197971765149,Recommended,219990,19962698,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tralus,Very fun solo or multiplayer. Complex. Inventory management can be overwhelming.It took me about 30 hours before I really understood all the mechanics of my first character.Would highly recommend if you're interested in putting some time into building a character.
76561198109864454,Recommended,219990,31612036,Posted: 7 May,all,Skatethiest,"Absolutely blown away by how fun this game is. I love the class options and being able to cross them up to create some amazing rolls.The devotion system is great once you get the hang of it and allows for some really nice buffs.The design is superb. The world is detailed and full of scenery to keep you buys while running about.100% worth $25. Ive gotten more use out of this game in a couple months than some ive had for years. The replay value is off the charts AND there is an expansion coming out later this year.If I had to name a couple of CONS* Farming gear is tedious and drop rates arent the best* interface is touchy with world interaction. ie get hung up around corners and stairs and such.* being unable to move freely while mobs are around is very annoying.* even though I love playing this game, once you hit around level 50- leveling slows down to a crawl. Enjoy it though.10/10 would buy again"
76561198013155881,Recommended,219990,32793612,Posted: 25 June,all,Elmgard,"I've sunk 250+ hours into this game, and it is still amazingly fun to me. I would definetly recommend trying it out and refunding if it doesn't fit your taste. But I honestly think it will. I played Titan Quest back in the day, aswell as all the Diablo Games, and I can honestly say I find this game to be one of the best ones. That's just my personal opinion though.I'll start of with the two 'flaw' or 'problem' you might find with the game. Personally, these don't bother me, but I'll mention them to make an honest review. You only have one select model for male and female, you cannot edit these. This is an unnecessary addition, since you'll be finding loads of armor that will cover all that up. The second 'flaw' is that initially, getting into the game might feel slow. The masteries and stats might also confuse you a bit, if you aren't familiar with games like this. Let me tell you that I figured it out relatively quickly by trial and error. You can easily solve this by looking at a tips guide or a video real quick. In no way do I find these flaws to be a no towards buying the game though, but hey, to each his own!All in all, for the price you pay (which is 25 bucks for the full game - Crucible/Loyalty DLC) it's worth every penny. The DLC is put on a discount relatively often aswell. If you can get this game at a discount (like summer sale) you'll probably pay about 12,50 or so. You get so much for so little. (the development team is a small indie team, so they're not that big) they really don't overcharge their fans at all (DLC is like 5 bucks and not necessary at all to play the main game, it doesn't take any elements 'away' and puts them behind a paywall). The DLC's are a horde-mode arena like area added to the game, aswell as another DLC, which has cosmetic items.If you're looking for a nice game, with good story and well-developed classes with unique mastery trees, this is the game for you. Affordable, and fun to play alone, or with friends!"
76561198042220232,Recommended,219990,20406766,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DanTheEpic,An amazing achievement.
,Recommended,219990,21995806,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Froggystyle,A new-age hack 'n slash with an old school flair. Monsters will dodge your swings. Traps will leave you in a bloody crawl. Poison will course through your veins. Your soul will be devoured.Love the game. Buy it! Play it!
,Recommended,219990,20311973,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mysthawk,"If you were to mash together Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing and Diablo 2, you'd get this game, probably. Actually, this game is better than if you were to do that.The best part of the game to me is the fact that, while a bit of a grind like a lot of other games in this genre, combat isn't dragged out by a monster with over a billion health. Bosses are tough, sure, but it won't take you 10 minutes of running in a circle, because the skills you have available can actually allow you to fight properly. On top of that, the world is massive. At the time of writing, at 14 hours or so of gameplay, I am not even a third through the game. Which is a good sign. And I can go back time and time again to the same place to grab loot for crafting.The only con, and this is the only thing that frustrates me, is the fact that when a lot of items drop, such as when a boss dies, my game stutters. Not lags, but stutters. And this happens when I pick up items. There's a few quickfixes that reduce the effect, but it's not gone completely.However, I can live with it. For this game, for the story and the gameplay, I can live with it. Everything else has been a blast, and well, it's not a game I have been able to walk away from. This game took me away from Fallout 4, which, is a big deal for me. So I'd recommend giving it a go. It'll be worth it.EDIT: Item drop lag is gone.This game is a solid 100% for me now. Having beaten Normal, Elite, and now working on Ultimate, it's amazing."
76561197970512964,Recommended,219990,20385753,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,dindent,best hack n slash EVER !!!!! périod
76561198162935134,Recommended,219990,20460879,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,D3ATHCHASE,"Before i get into anything, this game is very well developed, at its time right now, for a team of roughly 10 people. They clearly had ARPG fan's in their mind with this.  It's one of those games in a genre that turns people onto that genre and also why playing early access games is a good thing. From the lore to the fine attributes of a weapon, this game is very solid. And at a price tag of 24.99? (14.99 if you got it during the winter sale). Its pretty damn good.My only question is to have more breakable items, there are a lot of barrels and stuff in the houses that cant be broken, would love to see that change.I would also love to see controller support added, i know its not a popular way to play, but that would put this in a couch to screen experience, which is nice. Also maybe split-screen co-op would be nice, but still a solid game."
,Recommended,219990,20515045,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mk ultra,"Deep and dark action RPG. You start out looking like a potato farmer, but eventually you'll wield epic gear and mighty spells. I try to make a point of never buying early access games after my disappointment with Planetary Annihilation, but this one is great and 99% complete anyways. Slated for official release in February."
76561197998087947,Recommended,219990,20555835,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,K-Man,This is what we were waiting for when diablo 3 came out!
,Recommended,219990,21290565,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Snazzy Naz!,5/7 Would play again.
,Recommended,219990,21343429,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kerverus,"Μy eng isnt my main languange but i'll try to explain how i like Grim Dawn.These days i was trying find a good RPG game. I've tested demo version Diablo III, Torch II and others games but none of these so excited me.Im not looking weird skills or talents, but my enjoy is looking for a good environment.Recenlty i finished the ""The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing"". Great game though but Grim Dawn have good areas, you enter inside in buildings, caves, tunnels that ""Van Helsing"" did not.Now im enjoying with my Soldier, smashing zombies and skeletons!!! The fun is you can smash them to the air!!!classes with option of dual spec that i cant wait to test them all !!!"
76561198246462336,Recommended,219990,21988514,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,CompletelyAverage,"Been a fan since before they were Crate Entertainment, When they made Titan Quest as Iron Lore. When I heard about this, I jumped onboard at once. this game has so much depth, I've been experimenting with different builds, and there are so many ways to customize your skills and abilities, it's ridiculous. At least that would explain why I've played this game in 12 hour stints.I cannot get enough of this game, spread the word to your friends: If they like Diablo, they'll love Grim Dawn. I really wnat to see this succeed to prompt a sequel and get this company the recognition it deserves."
76561198110133076,Recommended,219990,22035637,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Cogito Ergo Sum,"Really enjoyed the depth this game had to offer. Graphics are cool and the overall setting is a breath of fresh air when one compares it to previous ARPG's. The skill trees are massive, a character can own two classes at once and the devotion tree ensures that no character is like the other :). It's one of those good grinders that keep you on edge, eagerly waiting to unlock the next thng to buff up your character even more. Reminded me of how much fun i used to have when i used to play these kind of games! Defintily worth adding to the your library!"
76561198071408425,Recommended,219990,22051654,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,CaptainRedBeard,Awesome game. Takes me back to the gold old Diablo 2 days.Plus with the upcoming addition of modding I'm sure I'll dump tons more hours into this game.Worth every penny.10/10
,Recommended,219990,22082051,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lateof,"The game plays and feels better than D3 or PoE. My highest level character is lvl42, so I can't tell you anything about higher levels, but the combat so far is very nice. It's not PoE's OP combat but it's closer to Diablo 2. The game's setting is very mature, the mechanics are well thought out. The only issue I have with the game is that the environments are a bit samey. The game could do with a little bit more epic looking places, like what we have in D3, although what it offers is really nice. It feels handcrafted and I like the layered levels too.It's worth it for its price, so if you are an ARPG fan, grab it as soon as you can!"
,Recommended,219990,20296407,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SummonTheNight,"Grim Dawn scratches that itch Diablo 3 couldn't reach. Then it takes you to the spa for the full treatmentandthe secret menu.If that got your attention, keep reading because it only gets better.My first thought after picking up this game: where the hell have I been? I amcompletelyengrossed with Grim Dawn and have been playing it nearly nonstop.This is, without a doubt, the Diablo 2 sequel I have been searching for for years.With INCREDIBLE depth of build customization, challenging dungeons and bosses, high standard quality of life features for smooth gameplay, a very interesting post-apocalyptic setting, multiple difficulty levels, excellent multiplayer, a cool crafting and gear improvement system, and best of all,FAT LOOTS, this title has an extremely high replay value, meaning you'll be spending many many hours perfecting your characters' builds and gear.I cannot stress enough how amazing the character customization is. Between cross-classing, the devotion system, and skills from components and gear, it has a mid-range level of entry for those atleast mildly experienced in the genre, but also has a very high level of mastery that will greatly reward you for building smart and synergizing. I will say that I was a bit overwhelmed at first, but in a good way. Well, more like I was swooning over how awesome it was.I could go on and on about all of the incredible things that Grim Dawn has to offer, but that would take me away from the game for even longer than it already has.This is the Dawn of the next generation of ARPG hack 'n' slash.Get. This. Game. Now."
,Recommended,219990,20302696,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,XPENDABLE,"I'll quickly start off by saying, ""If you liked playing Diablo, PoE, Van Helsing, Titan Quest, and/or Torchlight, GET THIS GAME. Don't hesitate.""With only a couple hours into it, I can safely say this will probably be my new go-to Hack 'n Slash RPG. It's not overly complex (like PoE), but not too easy as there are still several choices to pick from (unlike Diablo III).It really feels like Titan Quest, but the gameplay also has Diablo II elements in it (for the majority of the game)... so far it has brought back some good memories from those games. However, when comparing it to Diablo 3, I don't know if any game can compete with it's awesome combat gameplay, which is why I still play D3; time will tell as I progress further in Grim Dawn, and I feel really optimistic.It looks like the devs really are doing one heck of a job, especially for being such a small team. Don't take my word for it, you simply need to experience it for yourself."
76561198075771068,Recommended,219990,20551681,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,illiasterpondera,"Almost 170 Hours in and i still love this game.This is such a great ARPG because it combines a lot of the good elements of many ARPGs and mmos, without feeling too much like any of them. Classes seem balanced and the multi-class option is nice but in no way required. The graphics are really smooth and the engine seems quicker and more robust than others in its catagory. The best thing about Grim Dawn to me is the massive maps that arent randomized but hand made and very detailed. And this game is designed to have a lot of varities in the grinding. Unlike diablo 3 which choose to go the more generic route with grinding and make everything drop anywhere, you get items you want from certain types of monsters in Grim Dawn. If you want a poison wand, then killing Trog casters who use venom skills on you has a higher drop chance of this type of loot. I could just go on and on about this one. Best game ive played in years. And i am a big POE fan as well. If you like POE or Diablo 2, definitely buy Grim Dawn. What a fantastic ARPG."
76561198043809223,Recommended,219990,21285860,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,tswoff1,"Blood of Chitton to hard to get, should be easier, dont want to be playing this game for months"
,Recommended,219990,21983417,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Ellye,"If you ever wanted a new Titan Quest, here it is. At least, as far as mechanics, character progression and gameplay go.I'm not a big fan of the grimdark setting, and I think the mythological setting of Titan Quest was really refreshing for this genre, but still - I'm willing to look past that.This is probably the best ARPG that you can play without an active online connection right, at very least. And, of course, it does also have multiplayer."
76561197970681902,Recommended,219990,21987454,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Falco,"I was looking for something like Path of Exile... Grim Dawn is better! It offers a very good skill system (even if PoE's passive skill tree is the state of the art), very good and perfectly optimized graphics and animations (I can also play on my old laptop without issues) and tons of features which make it less boring than most of other ARPGs. Just buy it.1st place: D22nd place: GD3rd place: PoEThe remaining stuff is not worth."
,Recommended,219990,21990342,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Deadpool,Great game. Can't seem to stop playing! :D
76561198286465853,Recommended,219990,21994847,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Notorious DAD,High addictive and fun to play!
76561198156078138,Recommended,219990,22077153,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,G3NS,"5 stars, rly nice game"
,Recommended,219990,20387914,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Forest Ranger,"If you like action rpg's and enjoyed Titan Quest, you owe it to yourself to try Grim dawn."
76561197968640388,Recommended,219990,20412452,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,[BDM] Genghiskron,"Everything you would want or need in an ARPG style game. It plays in the same vein as Diablo or Titan Quest. Both I have played extensively in the past, and I must say that Grim Dawn is VERY engrossing compared to the other two. The looting, crafting, itemization, and progression is more similar to that of Titan Quest, but the influences from Diablo are evident as well. The map flow and design feels very solid and the Titan Quest influence will immediate be apparent to those that have played it coming into GD. The game gives a great sense of progressing your character without making you TOO powerful. The story is well written and has TONS of lore behind it making the world, despite the out of the blue, high fantasy, post-apocalyptic swirled setting that they use, really does fit well with the story and the demonic undertones throughout. There have really been only a few noticeable bugs and some crashing with friends that I know, but other than that the polish is very clear right upon start up. My group and I have yet to hit any major, game breaking bugs thus far. (We are lvl ~30)As for the gameplay, the monster variety is top notch. You learn what certain types of sub-monsters require priority during combat and they each have varied skills and approaches to combat, requiring quick thinking and a decent reaction so you're not overwhelmed. The character progression is amazing. The game offers you the ability to have 2 classes, creating a hybrid class where you assign points at your discretion for how balanced your hybridization is. There is even a Skyrim-esque constellation system called Devotion to further increase the character tweaking or min/maxing (if that's your thing) that is inevitable with this style of game.Overall, Grim Dawn offers a familiar, and polished approach to an old genre. Yet it remains engaging and exciting with the setting and maps, polish, character progression, and challenge level, offering something new and fresh while still maintaining a great gameplay experience. A great game for you and several friends to adventure through and sink some real play time into it."
,Recommended,219990,20449011,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dalloni,"Grim Dawn is best in the whole arpg category atm... on top of that it is the best early access game i have ever tried / seen / heard of. Game is under constant development and i expect it to be something so awesome that makes ppl want to play it over and over again. The atmosphere in the game is so well executed, monsters are well done and lore is good enough for some rpg fans also. Overall i think that anyone who loves this category should try atleast Grim Dawn i think theres little something for everyone."
,Recommended,219990,21294404,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,grandmst20,"This is my review as of 2/18/16 - early access.Grim Dawn is an excellent game from the creators of Titan Quest (Iron Lore). So right off the bat it gets positive marks.There are a lot of Diablo clones out there, and some are good, some are bad. This falls in the former category. I played this game with several of my friends, but even solo it's a great game. The combat is fun and smooth, loot is interesting, bosses are a mix of trivial and challenging, and the level system is also fun.Pros:+ Graphics look great for an isometric game+ Combat is fun+ UI design is simple and efffective+ Content is fun, doesn't feel repetitive on a single playthroughCons:- Game was short, took my friends and I about 10 hours total to beat the story (I hope more content is added)- Some of the skills/spells in the class trees seem useless/not effective- Game would frequently crash causing me to have to restart my PC or the gameAll in all a great game, once the bugs are ironed out (pun intended) and possibly more content is added I think this would be a great game."
,Recommended,219990,21355330,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Bikers,"This game is similar FATE .(To all my WildTanget players from the old days) The mechanics are similar, items, everything. One of the things I love about this game is its vast items, land, and quests. I enjoyed reading the dialouge, as I have to anyways if I want to know where I am going. No complaints at all, no glitches or anything. I think the game is ready to get out of Early Access. I can gaurantee that A. I will be playing this game all year and B. This will explode in sales by how good this game is, in my opinion of course.10/10, Hopefully there will be more updates and pesky DLC's for more quests, that said, if I ever run out of them.."
,Recommended,219990,21398543,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SuperNeutral,If you like ARPG's then do yourself a favor and buy this.
76561197981871059,Recommended,219990,20324550,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Valdez<)(3R()>,I've been waiting for a dungeon crawler of this quality since D2. I normally hesitate to get games still in Early Access due to how quickly games can change for the worse. Grim Dawn had me hooked from the 1st hour and hasn't let it's claws out yet.A huge world that makes you want to explore every nook for that rare mob. The storyline has been engaging and has a good way to promote gathering the relevant Lore drops. Looking forward to future releases from Crate.A must buy if you're still heartbroken over D3 and PoE doesn't quite catch your attention.
,Recommended,219990,20343911,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,D13,Are you-- itching for some fast-paced Action RPG? Buy this gem.- tired of stupid paragon farming/easy loots farming in Diablo 3? Buy this gem.- feeling that D3/PoE is too easy? Especially love to play a melee? Buy this gem (and try to get through Ultimate).- looking for ARPG with classic elements just like good old time when playing D2 as a kid? Buy this gem.- thinking that PoE/D3 provides so many class build diversities? Buy this gem and think again.- KEEP READING FOR REVIEWS? JUST STOP AND BUY THIS GEM.
76561198015195159,Recommended,219990,20344456,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Shadowfene,"This one is a goodie.  Made by just a handful of developers that also made Titan Quest, this game has been in deveopment for years.  To be honest the game was great long before it was content complete.  Highly recommended.  Buy it and support these types of developers, we need more like them."
76561197982497757,Recommended,219990,20543899,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,lukasz,This game is awesome. It's not for casuals because it gets harder and harder. And if you make some bad mistakes in your build you will probably die a lot. If you are an expert in arpg you should get this game.It starts kinda slow but gets better.
,Recommended,219990,21208658,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,イブスレイア,"I'll try to keep this simple, no promises though, there's a lot to talk about with this game. I also may edit this review if more comes to mind, already did once for grammar.TL;DR:Basically... if you want a game that has the dark, gritty feel of Diablo 1/2 as well as the awesome character building, and Path of Exile didn't do anything for you (it certainly didn't for me), get this game. You will NOT regret it.Here's the rant/info, typed it up in a hurry, but I'd like this game to get more support, so yeah:I played Diablo 1, Diablo 2, and Diablo 3 very extensively (thousands of hours probably), and briefly checked out Path of Exile and have watched gameplay of Torchlight 1/2.To be perfectly honest, PoE and Tochlight just didn't ever pull me in (not sure why, I guess I missed the dark vibes of D1/2, which PoE had, but something was still missing for me), and Diablo 3 was a pretty huge let down over the long term.Grim Dawn has several base classes, and you get to pick two. For instance, my main is a Witchblade (warrior/occultist). I could've gone for a straight Warrior build, or a straight Occultist build, but opted to do a hybrid build which focuses on pets, while maintaing the ability to tank and do high damage with a two handed scythe and a cleave ability from the warrior tree, while also taking a skill from Occultist that is an AoE life leech/DoT.There are a ton of ""clicky"" items in the game, in the form of actual equipment and augments for said equipment. So many in fact, if you really wanted to, you could probably skip active abilities from your class trees and just use these abilities (though I wouldn't recommend it). For example, I found a legendary caster offhand the other day that grants me an ability to summon a skeleton knight pet with no timer (on top of other pets I already have via Occultist).... and a couple of item augments, one of which grants an AoE nuke, and another which grants movement utility.On top of being able to customize your attributes (no resets so be careful), skills (resets), and items, there is another feature in game called Devotion (resets), which you put points into, which are gained after clearing ""shrines"" in the game. It's basically a constellation chart (similar to Skyrim). The abilities you put points into range from passive bonuses and active abilties, to procs (for those unfamiliar with the term, an ability that has a percentage of occuring on attack, on being attacked, at a certain HP %, etc). As an example, I have procs for Life Leech, Energy Leech, Skeleton summons on enemy death, Hellhound summons on attack, etc.The customization and build options are incredible, and without spoiling anything, the ending is quite the cliffhanger, and leaves it WIDE open for expansion packs. Honestly, I could continue typing about this game for a good while, but I won't. Already typed way more than I originally intended. Long story short, if you enjoy D1/D2 style ARPG's, get it."
,Recommended,219990,21259977,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Cuntstantin,"bought this game for like 13€ a year ago, but I started playing it now, best decision I've ever made, can't believe that such a small team made such an awesome game, and unlike other teams that realease games in early access theyve actually finished it, as you can see from the reviews most people played it for 100+ hours, so the game is obviously huge, and that alone deserves a big thumbs upIf you like diablo, titan quest, torchlight, look no further, you will love this one!crate entertainment, congrats on making this game, you could have just make a mediocre game and run with the money, but youve clearly put a lot of effort in it!"
76561198075626434,Recommended,219990,21402781,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,iHvThHighGround,Only just got to homestead after 30 hours. Now i findout theres voicover so im gona have to start all over again. No regrets. Also the pyromancer owns.
76561198083721762,Recommended,219990,21969627,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,FaTaL TeRRoR Qc,"Best ARPG since Titan Quest, this game is so addictive! In fact Grim Dawn could have been Diablo 3 if Blizzard had decide to stay in the same pattern. I recommand to anyone who loves Diablo, Titan Quest and Path of Exile.10/10"
76561198012762079,Recommended,219990,20425129,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Gaxar,"Great game that keeps you coming back. Loads of content and different enough from competition to keep you interested even after the first, second or third playthrough. Several interesting classes, high levels of customisability and the ability to mix and match means you can play exactly the class you want. Very good."
76561198031713790,Recommended,219990,20518397,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,I'M ONA BOOOOAT!!!,Excellent ARPG.
,Recommended,219990,20548650,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,PrImItIvEoNe,"This game is well worth every penny and at almost 50 hours of gameplay I haven't even touched most of the quests avalible, definitely a great buy, can't wait for the final release!!!!"
76561198053363449,Recommended,219990,20550398,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,amaranthus,"I usually avoid Early Access like the plague, either to avoid the disappointment of a game going wrong, or to just wait for the final version. I came across this when all the content is complete and in place, and the next day Patch 30 made some balancing changes, so I figured what the heck, let's try it.Only 5 hours in, and so very, very happy I got this. It's the game I thought D3 was going to be. For an ARPG, it feels like it matters which (if any) classes you choose to cross-play; it feels like it will make a difference which skills you pick. There's so much loot you can quickly build a set to get you going, and within an hour you've swapped to new gear, picked up new perks from it and changed your playstyle.Battles feel tough, victory isn't assured, and positioning can be way more important than just the ability to spam buttons for a win. Make friends with a faction to gain access to their special loot and bounties - and suffer the consequences as your enemies get mighty teed off with your behaviour and spawn more, tougher foes for you to smite.Looks great with the graphics turned right up, and works just as well on a clunky old laptop with most everything at minimum. No cutscenes to get in the way, and just the right amount of quest and npc text to inform and entertain without you wanting to hit Skip.For a (very) small Indie studio, I'm totally impressed at how this has rolled out and hope some of the big guys play this and remember what gaming is meant to be about.Highly recommended, will play much, much more. Right now in fact \o/"
76561198011333889,Recommended,219990,21324427,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kahldris,"Did you love Diablo one and 2 but found 3 rather lacking? Could you just not get totally into pillars of eternity? (good game just..... well thats another topic) Buy this game, just do it right now. the learning curve is a little steep with builds and devotions. If you don't want to take the time then maybe don't buy this.... However if you want a awesome game where you can put a little thought into your character builds (you can also redo skil points which is great but its not overdone like diablo 3).This game is alot of fun and is more like what diablo 3 should have been, your first character you wont know what build your really doing till 12 or even a little later wich is okay, pay a little money to redo some skills and your good.This is a fantastic game AND ITS LIKE 25 BUCKS!!!!!!! Buy it, spend a little time planning a build and you wil have soo much fun.On a side not check out the pyromancer, occultist mixed with demolitionist. Soo much fun and great skill options with using a gun. Try to decide what elemts you want to focus on, one main and one secondary for focus."
,Recommended,219990,21347560,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Lebaowski,"Great ARPG and a great game in general. I'll probably be playing this a few months a year for a decade, like I did Diablo 2. I did not enjoy Diablo 3, but I loved Path of Exile. This is great for when you don't want to bother with Path of Exiles tedious trading, and still keeps the complexity that makes an ARPG interesting for a long time."
,Recommended,219990,21356480,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,josaphine2824,"Fantastic game, I can't wait to see what they have in store for us when this comes out of Early Access."
,Recommended,219990,21396558,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,yourNoobiness,oh da feels oohh!
76561198113115633,Recommended,219990,21407559,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Magilililou,"I started the game after build 30 right before build 31. I would say as an early-access game, It does amaze me a bit. Though still there are a lot to be improved (the summoned crow is so funny-looking....lol)."
76561197993228707,Recommended,219990,22016113,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,[SNAFU] Oneironaut,"I've played close to 15 hours here, so I don't know the entire game, but played it enough for an impression I'd like to share.In short:it's a classic hack & slay action RPG. If you are looking for exactly that, you'll be happy with the game.GraphicsThe good:detailed enemies and landscapecreates a nice atmosphereThe baddated engine (especially in matters of the effects)The game looks good considering the engine used. Just don't expect state of the art graphics.SoundIt's ok. The music is nice and the effects are ok too. Some NPCs have voiced text, but most don't and neither does your character.GameplayIt's a traditional hack&slay action RPG, with all its ups and downs.The good:nice character building system (combine two classes, distribute skill points, attribute points and devotion points)interesting decisions to make every now and thennicely balanced difficultynice writing of the storygot some sort of a crafting systemdespite a linear gameplay, there is some room for explorationitems can grant entirely new skills.The bad:apart from the gender, you have no way to customize your characters looksAI is dumbno tooltip for actual DPS change of new items you find (only base damage)Matter of taste:The areas are not random but the same with each playthrough. That leads to more detailed and better designed areas, but also reduces the motivation to play through it more than once (which can still be fun with a higher difficulty level and different classes), since you know exactly what's coming.Of course the game does not requite a lot of brain power. You walk around and kill what moves. It's something to relax with instead of mentally challenging.Due to the masses of loot to find, most of which is of course irrelevant. A loot filter prevents you from picking up most unwanted stuff, but most of what you find you still won't use.Compared to:Diablo 3: Grim Dawns character building system is more flexible and complex, but at times also cluttered. Technologically Grim Dawn is several generations behind Diablo 3, but the graphics are still decent, and this only matters if you really expect state of the art technology.Torchlight I and II: Grim Dawn is grittier and darker, and apart from that most that I said about Diablo 3 applies here as well.Titan Quest: Basically Grim Dawn is a successor to that and has a lot of similarities.ConclusionIt's a fun hack & slay action RPGs. Apart from being in matters of technology not very advanced, it's a great game."
,Recommended,219990,20318689,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Irukhan,"I've only played for a few days, but I'm having a blast. This reminds me of Diablo II so much, it's as if Diablo's blood courses through Grim Dawn's veins.Pros:+ Every environment has an atmosphere to it, even the more grotesque areas have a dark charm to them.+ The climates of the most northern zones begin to change into a frigid landscape.+ Dual Classing with multiple ways to build a character.+ The world is made in such a way, that firearms fit right in.+ At times, the game won't hold back any punches.Cons:- Games hosted on your internet, so if you log off, the game drops for everyone else.Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone who wants that ""high"" they got from Diablo back."
,Recommended,219990,21286758,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Alxmrg,"This is a fantastic game. The developer support has been phenomenal, the gameplay is extremely replayable...I can't really say enough good things. Buy it."
76561198269614666,Recommended,219990,21343131,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,raidovermoscow,As good as Diablo 3.  If you're after an good hack 'n' slash dungeon crawl you won't go wrong with this.
,Recommended,219990,21406838,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,#TeamMusic,เกม ดี ระบบดี  เทพสั้นๆง่ายๆ POE Diablo เทียบไม่ติด
,Recommended,219990,21183655,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TrentB43,"(No spoilers)This game is super addicting and loads of fun. I hope one of my friends will buy it so they will play with me... anyone?Pros:+FRICKING DUAL CLASSING BRO+Leveling up is fun+Stat and skill points give you lots of possibilities for destruction, especially with freaking dual classing+Loot and enemy variety+So far, story is okay+Graphics look great+Similar to Diablo/ARPG type gamesHonestly, I can't think of any negatives about the game, but I'll list a few issues I did have.(Note: the ""-""'s do not mean its completely a negative statement)- The game crashed once, never happened again.- Performance can be a little unstable at points, but overall it's fine- Can be a little boring without someone to play with, but still very enjoyable- Just a nitpick, but the animations are pretty bad in my opinion for the player character (at least the male one).I'd give this game about a 9/10. The issues I've had with it aren't massive and only small things that can be easily fixed with a little effort [except the part where I have no friends to play with... :( ]."
76561197961155896,Recommended,219990,20450804,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Abra,Spiritual successor to Diablo 1+2. Play it with a friend.
,Recommended,219990,20466799,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,☭ SovietConnection ☭,"A great combination of a Van Helsing style setting with a Diablo style dungeon crawler. A ton of fun, a wide variety of class customisations through dual-classing, and an Early Access game that is more polished then most full release titles. Would highly recommend."
76561197975009572,Recommended,219990,20476186,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Sindri,"This truly a gem. While still beein Early Access the gameplay is really smooth. There are a few things new to the genre (at least I think so; like Hit Locations, Factions) and all the must-have features (loads of enemies, crafting, loot!) are there. The origin in Titan Quest are very visible but that game was good :)There is a Veteran Mode which increases the mob count, the spawn of enemy heroes and therefor the loot. Highly recommended! Also Hardcode is available.There is some complexity with the devotion points (kind of Path of Exile in lite), but the normal Skilling is like in Titan Quest (3 Skill Points per Level; 2 Masteries; Reskilling possible).There are a few minor things you'll notice when playing (some times the movement is a bit choppy), but I'm positiv they will be removed with the final. Best Early Access ever :)"
76561198040432109,Recommended,219990,20487176,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Wolfheart-Fenja,"First of all, I absolutely loved TitanQuest and play it still, invested many hours into diablo, sacred, torchlight and van helsing.This game is one of the best I ever played in arpg.The classes are great, it's fun to combine them and play in so many different styles.I really hope to see much more of this in the future. *Addon or riot :D*"
,Recommended,219990,20399666,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,BiddinWar [No.4],"Game is amazing. I honestly got nothing negative to say due to it still not being released fully but for the positivity.If you liked Diablo 2 and/or TitanQuest you will enjoy this too. Extremely similar and equally enjoyable. If I could, I'd give it two thumbs up.Another really good thing is that the game is going to support modding, so its gonna be kept alive even longer through the community, and so far the community is lovely. Both on offical forums, reddit and here on steam forums, though I do not browse the steam forums too much so my experience will differ from others.If I had to pick a negative thing, its that the game can crash for whatever reason and you might lose your characters.I had steam cloud save on and I had a copy of my characters beign stored in both the my games/grim dawn folder and steam cloud save folder. This allowed me to get back my characters, but other than that. I don't got something negative to say. Game is extremely enjoyable and well worth the pricce they are asking for.100 times more worth it than for example, AAA titles like Battlefield and Call of Duty for their copy-pasterino content."
,Recommended,219990,20477690,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Drexhel,Playing this game is just so satisfying
76561198046416310,Recommended,219990,20479088,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Dukasho,"Plenty to love about this game, not much to dislike.    It's a must have for any ARPG fan."
,Recommended,219990,20506544,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Shin Enzyme,"A worthy successor to Titan Quest, without all the fiddling around needed to get that game working on modern PCs.  The great build possibilities sets this game apart from the likes of Diablo 3."
76561197970739209,Recommended,219990,20204172,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Halcyon,"EDIT: Since the full release, this game has only become even more desirable. The mechanics are polished and streamlined, the itemization is almost doubled, and the engine has been optimized dramaticallyYou want this game.ARPG veterans and newbies alike will find something to appreciate, and the deep skill system makes for endless possibilities. The world is not as dynamic or interactive as big AAA sandbox games obviously, but the combat mechanics are so solid they might form a black hole from their sheer density. So many items work together in so many ways and your skills can be tweaked on a very granular level with the respec system, though I might gripe that skill points are still a bit scarce as of build 29.Seriously, just get it. It would take a long time to really describe why this game is great, but if you love action and loot, this is the place to be."
76561198159631056,Recommended,219990,24600154,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,onizaki,"After re-downloading and add /nocommit in the lauch, there's no lag spikes anymore.Now I can enjoy playing it. It's really good gameplay and so much better than diablo 3."
76561198046312163,Recommended,219990,17478448,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Psycro,Best. Game. Ever.
76561197996830606,Recommended,219990,24195121,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Smauler,"Spiritual successor to Titan Quest, or Sacred 1 or 2.  You like those, you will get along with this.Pros :Good skill system (if you've played the aforementioned games, you'll understand it).Decent story and progression.  It's not a story driven game though.Smooth on old computers (my PC is 10 years old)Loot.  Loot.  Wait....  more loot?Cons :Components are annoying.  They're just a time sink which I'm not dealing with at all at the moment.  Once you get high level, I'm sure there are strategic decisions, but at lower levels they're just junk which you can habitually use on gear and reclaim.  It's not interesting, and I'm not doing it on veteran.Some quests can permanently stop you from access to certain merchants without any clear indication of what actually happened.  One stabbed guy says one thing, the guy who admitted he stabbed him said another.  Who do you side with?  If you said the guy who was stabbed, you're wrong, and lose a merchant."
76561198119331238,Recommended,219990,24202968,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,nickylayaoski,"GRIM DAWN REVIEW:PROS:*Character Cuztomization is great with dual classes and devotions.*Game mechanics are great, most rares and epics have skills (usable and procs) and some Augments have skills.*Lots and lots of items, You can craft a lot of equipment if you find blueprints and ingredients.*Exploration is rewarded by hidden places where you can find Chests.*Faction Reputation : Every Faction has Powerful Equipment, Augments and Blueprints that they will sell to you if they trust you enough.*Bosses are ChallengingCONS:*Cant edit Character face or body, you can only pick gender*Multiplayer is not that great*Some bugs (Freezing when Quit, Restart client to create a new Character)*My Laptop's Video Card gets really hot when playing.Overall i've enjoyed this game so i give it a 8/10"
76561198053329787,Recommended,219990,13620886,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,zonard,"hi, i really enjoy your game but after playing 10 hours my character have dissapeared, is it because of an update, maybe a game in early access this kind of things can happen.thanks"
76561198041261117,Recommended,219990,15022915,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Marathon,"Simply amazing. I haven't had this much fun since Diablo 2. This game really scratches that itch. I was disappointed with Diablo 3 and found Torchlight 2 to be fun but too cartoonish.I am a huge fan of Titan Quest and its amazing expansion, and you can definitely feel the influence here with the excellent skill trees and class combination system.The loot is great and often useful, and levelling up actually feels like an event and an achievement. You have the chance to think about your character and how you want him/her to develop.The graphics are great, nice and dark. The music is awesome and definitely fits the bill.The levels are quite varied and there are hidden places and side quests scattered around, so exploration is rewarded. The boss monsters are original and fun to fight.The story is not the most deep and philosophical one out there, but that's not the point of games like this. Oh, you do get to influence the development of your town based on choices made during certain encounters.The crafting system is complex and rich with possibilities of creating useful gear.This is an early access game, although it feels pretty solid already: there is lots of content already out and more is on the way. It most certainly is worth the asking price. In my opinion these guys deserve it for delivering a great action RPG experience!This game is for you if you like:-Titan Quest.-Useful loot without endless grinding.-A genuinely dark atmosphere (à la Diablo).-An ARPG that isn't too dumbed down.-Proper character classes/skill trees."
76561198026605335,Recommended,219990,16938115,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Captain Heinous,"Update after playing full release: Totally blew away my expecations even during the early access phase (which my comments below are based on). Extreme amounts of choice added through the devotion system (similar to an addition skills tree), graphics and animations look perfect and are optimized well. Only bug I'm still experiencing is other players gear not showing up after it is equipped by them (though it reappears after transitioning to a new area or using a riftgate).Excellent game even in current form July 2015. I prefer this to Diablo 3 even with the announced future plans. Grim Dawn is much more complex in terms of damage and defense types, and in terms of character customization. The game really shines in these two places. Class combining is done super good. Lots of choice with little or no feeling of restirction. At this point, it's a little clunky (character movement animations, map navigation, the odd bug; its crashing a fair amount for me at this point...). The final product will be good for sure."
,Recommended,219990,17186388,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Heartbeat94,"It's greatCombat is simpleToo bad i can't dual wield gun without certain item.I kinda like torclight more. But, grim dawn's story is better"
,Recommended,219990,14819837,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Dr. Anus PhD,Great game. Plays exactly like Titan Quest with the atmosphere of the first Diablo.
,Recommended,219990,15942585,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,BluberriMuffins,"Really a good game for my first time playing , i would give 10/10 ,"
76561198047473090,Recommended,219990,16357602,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Morten,"In my opinion the best action rpg/diablo clone out right now, and you don't get the sense of the game being abandoned by its developers, as you do with other games, the game gets new updates quite often, and the content so far available, is very much worth the price."
,Recommended,219990,16938793,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Pelicunt,"Fps drops aside, looks pretty good. Can't wait for a release."
76561198050773220,Recommended,219990,23976906,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lopas,"This game as you know is made by Titan Quest dev. team. So,those experienced player with the team would notice the nostalgia of it. But those newcomers like me would think this is a decent game. Here are some pros of the game base on my opinion.1.Unique skill build. You have an option to master 2 classes which has a variety of builds to play around. That's because of the loot you obtain which will be different everytome you obtain it. Then you combine a skill set of 2 classes into a distinct one of your own. Basically end-game build is yours to figure out while playing. BTW you can respec skill.2.A game influnced by Titan Quest(obviously),Diablo and Torchlight. Basically if you like ARPG,Hack&Slash,looting. You might wanna play this.3.Awesome environment. Good graphics.4.Set item, Item enhancement, Crafting.That should help you decielde to buy the game more or less."
76561198000559279,Recommended,219990,12168332,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,トリスタン,"This is the next game from most of the team that made Titan Quest back in the day, which was an excellent game. Iron Lore, the studio behind it, dissolved, and these guys formed CRATE studios and went back to work on a successor to that game, which I think a lot of people loved.CRATE Studios has improved on the gameplay of Titan Quest and it's expansion, and the result is a really addictive, interesting loot-fest once you get into it.The dual class system from Titan Quest is still present, and as of this writing there are 16 different permutations for your character archetype. The options are interesting, from the dark-magic wielding occultist to the crafty engineer class, to the iron-clad soldier- there are a good mix of spells, toggles, summons, auto attack modifiers, and other skills. You can make a character your own style even within the different classes by choosing to focus on certain aspects.The game is set in a post-apocalyptic fantasy setting which is kind of interesting, and different from the standard fare. There are guns and bandits, but also zombies, goblins, swords, and medievil style armor.All the pieces are in place to make this a worthy successor to Titan Quest, which I still consider one of the best games in this genre, and I've been having a lot of fun with Grim Dawn already.I think this will provide a strong alternative to Diablo 3 or Path Of Exile- if this kind of game appeals to you, pick this up, watch it's progress, and enjoy the ample fun that's already there!"
,Recommended,219990,14813151,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Chris,If your a fan of Titan quest i suggest you get on this game. From memory (been watching the realease of this for a few years now) A dev who bought the engine that Titan Quest/Immortal Throne ran on has improved the gameplay but kept the love for Titan Quest.Beautiful game that you have a heck load of fun with. Epic battles!Buy this if you like games such as;Diablo 3Titan Quest
76561198060377229,Recommended,219990,14852025,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,tnt533,"Grim Dawn doesn't do anything mind blowing or reinvent anything in the ARPG genre. What it does is do it's job and it does it well. It's satisfying and fun to play.Remember this is an Alpha release that still has a ton of develpment and content addtions coming. This is not a finished product. Please understand what early access is and look at it in that light.If I had to make a suggestion I would ask that the skills come a little faster and that they have more visual ""oomph"" behind them."
76561197964168403,Recommended,219990,14941683,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Icarion ø_ø,"So far game is amazing, so much potential. A++"
,Recommended,219990,16447870,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Thorkal,Amazing game !
,Recommended,219990,16605000,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,WWWanderer,"Awesome Game! Love it!I've now played for weeks and have leveled 5 chars simultanously (for each class 1 Char) so I could exchange the dropped good Gear for other classes than that I was actually playing through the Group stash (well also it could contain little more than it actually does, even with unlocked 3 other Tabs it is still to small for my purposes :) ) And also when you play with Highres like 1920x1080 you ask all the time, why to hell is the Inventory so small there is so much place on the screen which is unused :) What a waste :) Think of all the nice loot scattered arround which you just cant loot because of lack of your inventoryspace you know! :) If the Inventory Screen is an ode to D1 and D2 then I have to say to this times there wasnt more room on the screen to make the Inventory bigger, so not everything must copied from Diablo, I agree with this opinnion in this case. But this are just small issues of cosmetical nature for me, noneseless the Game itself is GREAT AND WORTH TO PLAY AGAIN AND AGAIN!Like I said before, I've played for weeks with more than just one class, and I played EXESSIVELY like I played D1 and D2 and HEY MAN this game does not feel like an unfinished Game at all (even now at early access state)After few minutes of Gameplay you will be obsessed of the dark and demolished World of Cairn. You just cant stop to play and want see more of the World more of the Story more of your Chars progression and so on. Actually I like GD more than i.e I liked other ""Diabolish"" Games like TQ. Why? It is just the Dark-Age and the setting in which GD plays, the surroundings aren't polished, shiny and overcolored! like other Diabolo-Like Games I've seen before. I like this cataclyied end-of-the-world-environment of GD very much. Just the right place to rise up and become a Hero in a World which has lost all his hope you know? :)And like I said before, you dont feel when you play that this game is in an early-acsess-state, and still with every patch I've seen till now the Devs make the Gameplay and Feeling of the Player better and better. Amazing Game, amazing Devs whom are very interested in the Game-Community and their thoughts about the Game and they support the community in several ways.Love this Game! Thank you very much for making a Game like this nowadays!GD is just that what D3 was intended to be (a sequel to the great games D1 & D2) but failed!"
,Recommended,219990,20545600,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,[DoD] Raspyutin,"This game is still in Alpha, so my review needs to be taken with a grain of salt. I've played D3 for hundreds of hours, maybe over one thousand. I've played PoE a bit, and this seems to be a good middle ground of both. Where D3 turns into a grind/mash fest that is fairly well polished and has a large team behind it, this is the darker, fuller-storied step brother. There seems to be a much more detailed storyline, and getting through the game takes quite some time. I'm trying to remember back to my first completion of D3, and I want to say it took me maybe 10 hours from start to finish. Grim Dawn seems to be significantly longer, and there are more side quests, to boot. One feels more involved in the Grim Dawn community, as there are factions that need to be built up in order to purchase certain set items, akin to WoW style gameplay.The character build system is vastly different than other ARPGs, in the sense that there is a structured leveling system, but you can single- or dual-class your character with tons of options to customize. Beyond that, the Devotion system offers more fine tuning and other optional abilities that can be built in with each class. Overall, there seems to be a much more diverse system of builds that are viable in Grim Dawn than other ARPGs. I have yet to complete the game a single time in nearly 25 hours played, but then again I am trying to explore all of the content as well.Overall, I'd suggest this game if you want a decent storyline with difficult gameplay and an expansive skill system. Being made with the same engine as Titan Quest, Crate borrows the 6 class / multiple points in many talents with upgrades feel, bringing that old TQ nostalgia back in droves. Would buy again!"
76561198031528550,Recommended,219990,23837483,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lex,"Grim Dawn is an Arpg in the style of Diablo and Path of Exile.  There's a reason this small company has a game in the Top 100 Steam Stats.  Really good gameplay plus Crate Entertainment answers questions and discusses feedback in the forums, steadily updaties  the game, informs us on progress and issues, etc.  One of my favorite games."
,Recommended,219990,11789730,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,DetJohnKimblez,"If you like titan quest your going to like this game, manys hours gameplay, awesome weather system, mp is coming in the near future, lots of undead to kill :D . the game also  allows you to keep your charcter upon completion to run through on a higher difficulty, this game blows diablo 3 out of the water i highly recomend.* mp is here and its great even tho it does have bugs but it is a lot of fun"
76561198023174246,Recommended,219990,11891893,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Skry365,I like the story and setting among a host of other things. The graphics have some nice lighting and spell effects also the ability to zoom far in and out are very appreciated. I didn't know what to expect but I'm blown away by the work that has been done and cant wait for more content!!
76561198037472785,Recommended,219990,12797224,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Shalun,"8/10. Act 1 & 2 are complete, 35 to 40 hours of game play, but game is still under development (build 21). This game is reminiscent of Diablo II. I enjoyed the character development and skill tree, but I do wish they permit experimentation versus a total commitment. You can buy back skill points, but the cost makes it impractical for anything but very minor changes. I did die playing, so you do feel a sense of loss and achievement when completing a difficult mob or boss fight. Warning! In act 2, there is a dungeon. Have plenty of pots for if you don't, you are going to die and not be able to enter again without spending $20,000 bits and rare materials for a skeleton key. Once the game is completed or, perhaps, next act is released, I intend to start with a new toon and try a hybrid. An excellent product that met all my expectation with only a few annoyances.  Bug count was 2 or 3 and fairly minor--transported for no apparent reason to a body of water and had to exit or quests that I could not complete. If you run into oddities with quests like I did, exiting and re-entering the game may permit completion."
,Recommended,219990,14820667,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Sneaky Weasel,"Every fan of D2, Titan Quest should have. Devs care and update game constantly making it better and better. A must hvae for all action rpg fans."
76561198072725565,Recommended,219990,16069879,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,The entire population of Spain,"I love this game.To start off with, (This will be a brief review)gameplay is fun, the game actually makes you think about your actions and gives alternatives.The dialog is great, funny even.Combat is pretty great, rewards careful planning and discourages running in and hack-and-slashing your way through everything.The devs constantly update and plan awesome things, the game is pretty optimised so even my dodgy all-in-one pc can run it without much problem.So yeah, i'd say get it."
76561198046898652,Recommended,219990,16274566,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Prof Nemo,"I love tweaking builds. I have spent 100 of hours building different odd characters in D2. To me that is the fun of APRG. Not the loot, not the clicking, but coming up with character builds that is fun. Grim Dawn is almost the only post-D2 ARPG that allows such tweaking fun. If you were utterly disappointed by D3 like I was, try this. I bought this in Early Access (still so when I run this review) but it is more like an episodic release to me.I have no idea about the multiplayer though. I am old and have no more time and no more buddies for that kind of things anymore. :P"
76561197964380760,Recommended,219990,16586204,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Herr Dokter,"Couple of hours into the game, so far it's pretty good. Looks are very dark and everything looks really good. Fps is good, playing on veteran so far difficulty curve is pretty good as well. Skill tree looks a bit meh so far compared to path of exile, but we'll see.So far pretty positive, can't wait to play more. Only downside so far is that some areas are really dark ( which is good for atmosphere ) but you can't really see that well what's going on. There is a colourblind option though, which I'm gonna try for sure.For the discount price, worth a buy imo."
76561198034525914,Recommended,219990,23828111,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Got Baking Soda? #Dicks Out,"Stop reading reviews and wondering if you should buy it or not. Grim Dawn proves even with the old unity engine top down action rpg's in this era are still one of the funnest games around. The developers, Crate are a responsible and experienced developer who have successfuly made a love child from Diablo I & II with Titan Quest to bring fans of the genre the next ARPG which should be applauded. In an age where AAA games decide what genre to kill Crate have miracoulously rose from the dead to show how an ARPG should be made. Just like the hero of the game who is spared from a haunting spirit Crate saved ARPG's from AAA studios.Thank you developers."
,Recommended,219990,24187572,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,rmz,"Grim Dawn is an ARPG game which features complex character development, hundreds of unique items, crafting, quests and lots of point and clicking goodness. It's based on Titan Quest engine and it's one of the better games of its type.So, Grim Dawn has a story, but I was never interested in stories in ARPGs. The goal is to point at the mob and click to then point at the loot and click again. This clickability, along with interesting character progression and balanced difficulty is what makes an ARPG good for me. And this one hit the mark almost perfectly. With good graphics, interesting classes, excellent character progression and nice loot Grim Dawn is one of the better time sinks out there.Everyone know what it's competitors are, so to compare I'd say it's almost as good as Diablo and a little bit better than Path of Exile. I don't like PoE much though, too much investment needed. Anyhow, GD looks on par with D3, a little less flashy though, which is good as you can actually see what you're clicking on. The audio on the other hand is horribly terrible, just mute and put on your fav playlist. The character progression is very interesting with the option to go single- or dual-class and lots of active and passive skills to back any way of playing, but it's never ovewhelming. You have option to correct your build at any given moment by refunding points spent in an outpost, so experimentation is welcomed. The game has four difficulty levels, with two unlocked from the start.Basically it's your ARPG stuff done right. It took me ca. 50hrs to finish on first difficulty level and I played another 50 hrs to almost complete it on the third difficulty level. If you're into these kind of games it should last you for 100s of hours.I liked:* nice graphics, very grim* interesting classes and progression system* can be played in sessions of 15mins or 5hrs* leveling alts is funI disliked:* horribad music/audio (thank you for volume slider!)* after 100hrs it's not that easy to get a new cool shinyGet this is:* if you like ARPGsDon't get this:* if you need to have your♥♥♥♥♥kicked for 100s of hours before being able to fight back (I'm looking at you PoE)"
76561198003447286,Recommended,219990,12722246,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,master_swon,"Finally a great and enjoyable RPG where you get to smash zombies, zombies, and zombies!The game is great, and if you have tried the Titan Quest RPG, you are in for a most wonderful round of hack 'n slash. Take all the cool features from Titan Quest, triple it, and you have Grim Dawn.I am looking forward to continuing my journey through the vast hordes of undead - and now with friends!Absolutely worth your RPG money!"
76561198175601466,Recommended,219990,14244830,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Aka.Lionhart,Loving the game so far... :)
,Recommended,219990,14800827,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mav063,"I bought this game when it was released on steam, because I really love Titan Quest and I am not disappointed. Okay, for me TQ was a bit better with the mythological world, I knew most of the bosses name from history class and my own readings in this topic and it had more classes. Probably they will put more into the game later, maybe with a DLC but still.I had few hours with it, then I forgot to save my characters before format and a bit lazy to start to farm again but I will probably do it and hopefully not alone as before (I think the characters on cloud now). So the thing is, 20 pounds could be a bit expensive if you are not a TQ fan, but if it is on sale, everybody should give it a shot."
76561197963449508,Recommended,219990,14826857,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Phorensika,"Okay. Remember how disappointing Diablo 3 was? This is not :D I logged in, create a character: Too be honest I got as far as Demolitionist ""guns and explosives.."" so character created, I'll check the rest when I hit level 5. I am now 14 or something. It's fun, it's FAIRLY hard to die, but I managed it a couple of times by just running headlong into mobs with my rifle blazing. Did I mention Rifles and molotov cocktails and etc. I accidently crafted a ring of something with extra something elses by using a potion of somehting or other. I definately need to read more of the descriptions, but it's hard with so many dead things piling up around me. Multiplayer here I come. It's probably going to be a long night.4/3 or one up on diablo 3."
,Recommended,219990,14955487,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Durant,One of the best potential games on steam right now.
,Recommended,219990,15001201,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,medic,D3 should take notes.
76561198065730705,Recommended,219990,16869395,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,FlySC,"Everything you want from an action RPG this game delivers it! Diverse and deep build variety and options, killing mobs feels great, awesome loot (some of the best and most interesting item designs I have ever see in an RPG),difficulty is perfect, not D3 easy but not so hard that you have to spend 3 days reading the wiki before you can make a reasonably effective build. Also tons of secret areas and secrets to explore and find, a super in depth crafting system with unlockable recipes, a very interesting faction system that gives you access to some nice vendor items and upgrades... Just a boatload of awesome stuff, honestly!Biggest inspiration for this game was definitely titan quest, so if you liked that game you will feel right at home. It takes everything that was good from Titan Quest and makes it even better, adding a lot of additional mechanics. Mention to the constellation system (you get points from shrines in the world that you can invest into the constelation tree, unlocking some very powerfull bonusses and abilities) so essentially you have three different skill trees (2 classes + constellations) to build the character of your dreams from.TL;DR If you like to play action RPGs, this is a must have"
,Recommended,219990,13619897,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,blueturtle,Titan Quest developers went off a created a darker more richly detailed world with a nod to more mature fantasy settings. The atmosphere drips from your screen as the character you build pulls you ever further into this great action role playing game. 'Grim' is properly used in the title. A sense of forbodding hangs over the people and the land. Very well crafted game. Loving it and well worth yout time and money.
,Recommended,219990,14828392,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,{PH}-Zero,"It's a good game experience so far, hope they add Steam workshop support for community mods, since it's not an MMO, guess it would be cool.PROS:Fun gamingUnique Classes (With an exception)Good Sound TrackGood GraphicsReally Deep gear systemCONS:Kinda weird Animations for dual weildingArcanist is a nearly total copy of D3 Arcanist (What a shame, you could do better)No voice acting so far..."
76561198076283866,Recommended,219990,14850717,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,J4k5a,"Fun, Big, alot of options and tons of builds.... Very Good"
76561198029484517,Recommended,219990,14962076,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Kloxnarn,Great RPG Dungeon Crawler Hack n Slash Heck Just all out Fun 50 hours in 2 weeks YA I Like it
76561197995236518,Recommended,219990,16574549,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Headshots861,"Do yourself a favor, buy and play."
,Recommended,219990,16859986,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,AdY,"Simply outstanding and fun!I tried and tried to love D3 but it was just dull (for me at least). This however, is completely different in that it`s alway fun, dangerous and runs like a dream. Be warned though, it doesnt hold you hand. You actually have to search and find quest objectives and theres no big arrow to guide you. You have way more freedom to move between areas than other games in the genre too which i feel is great.If you see this in a sale, grab it with both hands! If its full price, grab it quick and start having fun :-)"
76561197970918619,Recommended,219990,16886130,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Tristessa,"All that grit and darkness you miss from Diablo 2 that they just couldn't get the feel of in Diablo 3? It's all here. The game is a little rough around the edges, but I think that only adds to the wonderful feel the game produces. If you're on the fence, just buy it, you won't be disappointed."
76561197980301059,Recommended,219990,17204038,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,konna,This game is the new age Diablo II with a style!!! Playing it is like smelling a flower that you can also eat!! It has so much variety on the environment its like walking through dreams and the progress you can make with your gear is like never-ending! So far this game has been such a pearl I cant do else than pay my honors to the creators and pray for their continuing creativity and inspiration!! Much love and I cant wait for act4 and new items and everything!! <3
76561198072139871,Recommended,219990,24749337,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,danjm30,"TLDR: Good for those who want a fresh take on the Diablo formula. Supporting the developers is worthwhile. Not a game you should play for story and choice, though the lore is fun. Good gameplay, good design, old game engine.Good:- Active developers who live up to their promises. Steadily updated throughout early access with meaningful content, and continue developing both DLC and new free quests and areas, as well as balance patches.- Mod support and a small but dedicated modding scene. I've stopped playing for now but I'm excited to revisit it with mods in the future.- Interesting and overlapping progression and character development systems.- Characters aren't shoehorned into a few particular builds to be competitive. If you think of a character, there's usually a way to make it work. Aside from not getting enough physique, its hard to 'ruin' a character.- Interesting and varied items- Convenient item management with plenty of space, sorting, component merging etc.- Good worldbuilding, plenty of text for lore nerdsYour Mileage May Vary:- The world and all dungeons are handcrafted instead of randomized. Enemy spawns are random outside of bosses, and passages are randomly blocked or unblocked. Some random quests. Some people might swear by the random areas in Diablo and PoE.- Often sacrifices conveniences such as quest markers, instead you need to read descriptions and familiarize yourself with the world. I like this and consider it part of the worldbuilding, but it might frustrate some.- The lore is good but the story is formulaic. On the other hand, is that really why you are playing a Diablo style game?- There are some elements of choice, but the differences aren't drastic and this mechanic really isn't utilized after the first act and a half.- That Wall Where Your Numbers Are Not High Enough To Pass exists, but is usually encountered in New Game Plus Plus. It's fun enough to just move on to a new character.Bad:- The engine is old and doesn't always run as smoothly as you would expect for a 2016 game.- Audio is repetitive and usually uninteresting. Put on a good podcast while you play.- Major anticlimax after beating the final boss."
76561197970605438,Recommended,219990,15326986,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Rogerius Rex,Titan Quest reborn! :)
,Recommended,219990,15670107,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SimpleSiren,Great game. You couldnt ask for better.
,Recommended,219990,16752613,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Rustahl,A great Action RPG. A decent story and leveling system combines for hours of hack and slash and loot drops.
76561198049916759,Recommended,219990,16840374,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,trash bandicoot,"Good game, combined best aspects of great ARPGs, d1 2 tl1 2 van helsing1, and with a few new ones of its own. Will be enjoying this one while it grows :)"
,Recommended,219990,11042891,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,JapanimeJunkie,"This game is awesome! If you have played Titan Quest then this game will be very familiar. I am 50+ hours in and I still am not bored in the least and the game just gets better the longer you play. This game isnt going to just hand you levels and gear easily. I like the older school feel of choosing my class and at level 10 you choose your 2nd to combine or dont if you want to focus on a single class. Each class and class combination feels great and each one their own. I am a Conjurer myself and I love my pets. The skill trees are set up just like Titan Quest and the UI is similar in alot of ways also. This game may have a similar feel as Titan Quest, but it will keep you going with its beautiful visuals and sometimes challenging content. Each area you explore looks different and has a unique feel to it. There is plenty of lore in the game also if you are you that looks for a story. As you run around exploring you pick up pages of certain books or letters and slowly piece together a decent story. The multiplayer experience is nice also. If you are in a full room of 4 people, then you can expect a decent challenge and it feels good when you down a really challenging mob or boss. If you love games such as Path of Exile, Diablo II, and Titan Quest then I strongly suggest trying this game out. Its worth every penny to me."
76561198025219748,Recommended,219990,11153946,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Mazzacre,"This game is FUN- especially for an early release ARPG. Also, the art-style reminds me a lot of Warhammer Fantasy, which is solid, and a lot of the skills are great. I've already clocked a couple hours, and I can tell it'll be solid from now until release. Highly recommend it if you liked Titan Quest and earlier Diablos."
76561198032090405,Recommended,219990,13622236,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Darkhorse,"If you like Diablo and RPG's in general this game will be right up your alley. Very addictive, good story line, and is decision based."
,Recommended,219990,14828888,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,b133d 4 u,"For an EA Indie game, it's rather expensive. I got it half off on Steam Sale, but it's definitely worth the full price! I haven't logged much time into the game, yet, but I'm already hooked! I even bought a copy for my brother so we could play together! It's got a Diablo-esque feel to it, but also has it's own uniqueness, as well! One example is the components. You can collect components and attach them to equipment, or you could save up 3 of them and combine them into one! Doing this will create a full component that grants improved stats than the original components give, but also gives a completion bonus! This could be anything from a new skill, to boosted stats, to elemental damage! It's still got some bugs in it, like the SFX repeating, but it's not complete yet so I'm sure that'll be fixed! I have performance issues on my gaming computer, but after lowering the settings it works great! Overall, I give this game a 9.75/10."
76561197999416373,Recommended,219990,16268005,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Daniel Powell,"This used to be a long review, but i'm going to go ahead and let my hours in speak for itself."
76561198010024279,Recommended,219990,16542175,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mutt,"Most Satisfying  Early Access purchase so far. There was plenty of content to justify what I paid for it, and the devs seem very active in rolling out more. I'm looking forward to what's still coming, but recommend it strongly even it it's present unfinished state."
76561197993358827,Recommended,219990,13810978,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Draco Cephius,Hoping for more Voice acting to enhance the gameplay. This would propel more to become engrossed in the story...
,Recommended,219990,14800574,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Dunlet,Hard to put down. Very intertaining. It has great potential and I'm looking forward to the full game.
,Recommended,219990,15756464,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,playerone,This game is seriosuly underrated and is great.   I wish more people knew about it.  I also wish they would release an update.
76561198036041880,Recommended,219990,16037987,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,denise_lawlor,Found this very like playing Titan Quest which I thoroughly enjoyed and I thoroughly enjoyed playing this so far. I love kill and collect games! Please hurry and finish this so I can enjoy more of the game!
,Recommended,219990,16698864,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Liftalot_@Twitch,"One of the greatest ARPGs I have ever played, I was kind of refered by Pohx and ZiggyD. awesome game :D"
76561198007323037,Recommended,219990,16987588,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,calamanci,"Played many games. Back in the day we was the original dungeon master , playing D&D at lunchtime in 1st grade. Sitting here at age 41 feels like being a star traveller a billion years into the future. From my lunchtime alcove to 2015  GRIM DAWN is the kind of thing which you shold play with an old skool mindset on hardcore. Youve alreadt done Diablo etc need I say more? Play this in hardcore only like I do and you will see the rewards. When the game kills you take a break.  With all the right mods skyrim can be played in such a manner too with perma death etc.  Loving Grim dawn and everything about it 19/10.   In the future make it online with dungeon mansters making maps."
76561198018738051,Recommended,219990,17190166,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,[ML]Meownidas,First review. Only making it because this game is freaking awesome. It's pretty fun with them multiclass system. So many viable options. And you can go at your own pace. Be it rushing or taking your time and story finding.
,Recommended,219990,14268328,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Kamikaze Snark,"This is the best aRPG I've played since Diablo 2. They nailed everything; the story is great, the atmosphere is great, the graphics look awesome, and the character building is very open-ended. While it's not yet finished, the first half of the game is already very fun and very well-polished. The classes and skill trees are basically complete, so there's no reason not to start playing now."
,Recommended,219990,14841463,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Goldenlion33,"If you loved Titan Quest, you'd definitely want to check this game out.Well made and still only Alpha.Barely any bugs in the game."
,Recommended,219990,14955140,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,HeavyGustav,"If you ever played Titan Quest, you should support this game. It is also a great game, just like Titan in another age."
76561198070688665,Recommended,219990,15662491,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Crisping,"Awesome game! Has a Path of Exile feel, and nice combat features. The game itself is very well made and the art and graphics are well made as well. Since the beginning I was intrigued to go further in search for better loot and weapons. The game has classes on which your abilities are based off of, and the feature of this game that makes it nice is the fact that the abilities can always be changed. There is no permanent path! You're free to play the game freely and you are easily able to change your play style at most points in the game."
76561198193784343,Recommended,219990,15865715,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,benyunman,"I wish there was more content, otherwise very nice game"
,Recommended,219990,16584960,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,parawarrior,"A refreshing take on the action RPG genre, Grim Dawn doesn't dissapoint. Even though its still in early access, the mechanics are in place and the game runs smoothly and without bugs. If you are a fan of the action RPG genre (Diablo, Path of Exile, Torchlight etc.) you SHOULD pick this game up. It is more fleshed out than all of the other games and is a complete package.GD has more complexity than diablo 3 in terms of item crafting, classes, game mechanics etc. The story in GD is narrated mostly through text boxes but is easier to follow and is more interesting than the story in Torchlight 2 and PoE. I haven't seen the end game yet but there is already so much to do in the game that for just $12.50 on sale, its a steal."
76561198108788356,Recommended,219990,16667686,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,gup,Content = amazing.
76561198047810458,Recommended,219990,13728504,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Barry Baloney de style taverne,Buy it NOW
76561198017223543,Recommended,219990,14171527,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,tiduszx,so far so good!
,Recommended,219990,14816007,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,neomikel,"I am an avid Dungeon Crawler player - I've played through most of them.   I thoroughly enjoyed playing through all of the current content and was very impressed by the overall ""Style"" of the game.  They don't try to complicate anything.  The interface has a nice old school look and is very simple to use.  There are many ways to build classes and combine classes, which is nice.  I had a great time just logging on and burning time - I'd actually find myself playing longer than intended (oops!) each day, which definitely says something about the time.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a new Dungeon Crawler.  This company has already proven itself, so I'm excited for the rest of the ride."
76561198026809757,Recommended,219990,14816881,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,BulgarianBarbarian,One of my favorite RPG games. I am enjoying it more than diablo 2!
,Recommended,219990,14914275,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Skyes,"If you enjoy Hack and Slash RPGs like Diablo, this game is for you.I have played all the lastest H&S RPGs out there (Diablo 3, Torchlight2, Path of Exile, Marvel Heroes 2015), and none has attracted me as much as Grim Dawn.The game has incredible physics, making it very fun to smash your weapons at your enemies and see them roll to the floor, fly back, or even explodein a gory way sometimes due to your Critical Hits.The game has 6 classes so far, and there are more to come. The best part: You can combine them. Yes, you can make a Multiclass character, who is, for example, both an Arcanist and a Soldier. But you can stick to just one class if you prefer.The enviorement is very gloomy, scary, dark, and grim, as the title suggests, and wich is awesome for us, Diablo 1 and 2 fans.The story is actually interesting and creative.Itemization is wonderful. You will slowly build up your character as you advance through the game.The game is quite hard, wich makes it a challenge that never gets boring.The music (BGM) is amazing. Pick Diablo 1 and 2 style of music, but instead of having an accoustic guitar, add an Electric Guitar.The areas of the game are quite big, making it interesting to explore.Lots of quests to do as well.I strongly suggest this game for any fan of Action RPGs. Check the Steam Reviews and Metacritic Reviews if you are still in doubdt.8/10"
,Recommended,219990,15998111,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,sniper,"As long as they keep fixing whatever problems might arise and use the crash reports me, my friends and all of you are sending the game will come together nicely.I'm giving this 10/10"
,Recommended,219990,16547827,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,a Bard,"the quality of this game took me by surprise. I caught wind of it on a Youtube Channel list of overlooked games and thought I'd give it a try and boy was it great. Especially considering the fact that it's an Early Access game, which as of late has been really hard to find a diamond in the rough such as this.  It's a really enjoyable and quickly engaging ARPG that can  be played either as a multiplayer or singleplayer game with no detriment either way - it's totally fun whichever your preference!It's rather hard to describe this game fully but when I play this game I feel the same way as I did when Diablo 2 first came out. It's the gameplay of that series mixed in with a little bit of fallout in a pseudo post-apocalyptic steampunk medieval setting.  It's the perfect game for fans of top-down hack-and-slash RPGs in a DnD-esque world!colour me impressedoverall rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,219990,16617690,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Snake,"It ain't perfectly polished, but it's fun, has depth, and good atmosphere.Best enjoyed with a friend or two.Actually regarding the polish, the game since I last played it....which has been awhile... got some major optimization work on it. Stable FPS, and improved FPS. Very noticeable, makes it feel less ""indie""."
,Recommended,219990,16768588,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,JayNyne,I've played this game a little bit now. I think it's good.
76561198035600404,Recommended,219990,28462651,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MIOEL,"Grim Dawn is a fun Diablo-ish ARPG with a great pace, solid storyline, interesting skill tree maintenance, and good graphics.  Yes, if you read any of the reviews that is what just about everyone is saying.  Some gamers, like Pinwolf, say it in an even more funny fashion (shout out to you Pinwolf-great post).  A few hours into the game you will see what most gamers are referring to.Grim Dawn allows you to pick unique gear and skills.  As you play the game you earn coin, reputation from different factions you meet along the way, and earn points to be used in your class you have chosen, or skill trees within that class.  Later in the game you get the opportunity to have a dual class and open even more skill trees.  You can even take away skill points from one tree to use in a different skill tree of any class you have chosen.  You can not, however, remove base points from the class you have chosen.  As you max out your base points in a class you have the opportunity to apply points into elite skills within that class.  These can be very useful!The devotion points you may have read about are set up like constellations, one star in a constellation for one devotion point.  The devotion points come from finding and purifying shrines.  There are a couple of shrines late in the game that require you to progress through the storyline in order to be able to purify them so don't get discouraged all of you completionists.  Some of the constellations have an ending star that is attached to a skill on your tree. This provides a seperate ability.  Every time you use that skill you gain a higher rank within the ability.  I look for these constellations and attempt to fill them first to use these valuable abilities.Crafting is very cookie cutter.  Find some blueprints, find the ""ingredients"", go to the blacksmith and he will make it for you. You will complete quests that allow you to go to a person in the first main town that can break down items for parts or remove ""runes"" that you have inserted into your items (as powerups) to be used on other items.  You pick up these ""runes"" through battles so be on the look out.Your personal inventory bag is set up like other games in how it is laid out and managed.  You gain access to more bag space in your personal inventory as you increase in level. Your ""bank"" is literally guarded by a single person in the various areas you clear and you can increase slots through tabs on the left. You can also use the ""transfer"" slots in your ""bank"" to give all of your toons access to non soul bound items. I have three toons just to mess around with different builds and this has been very handy.One thing I didn't read anywhere that I wish I had known previously is that several boss fights are in areas where if you die, you will respawn in the closest town, therefore you will have to run all the way back to the area in order to continue the boss fight.  The boss gains some health back when you die, and will slowly regen health the longer it takes you to get back to finish them off.  Set up a portal outside main boss areas or just don't ever die, either works.There is much more to this game that meets the eye so jump in,  have fun, create a few toons and see what skills and classes you like.  Slan go foill!"
76561198071076967,Recommended,219990,11095429,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Kanidris,"for those who like titan quest, this is a post apocalyptic version of the same gameplay, but with zombies, which makes the game fantastic. great gameplay and story, for me the game is ok! guaranteed fun!"
76561198047957300,Recommended,219990,14246636,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DistinguishedGent,"Pros:Excellent game play, good item drop rate, and interesting class system.Cons:Limited level inhibits full exploration of the unique class system, but is seemingly increased in every new content release."
,Recommended,219990,14830069,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,hestpojkeN,T H E B E S T
76561198040687103,Recommended,219990,14981746,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,InGabWeTrust,"Fantastic game!Can't stop playing and while playing, can't stop thinking about my next character.Will they just finish it already?Seriously, if you love loot-based hack'n'slash, buy this."
76561198019687553,Recommended,219990,15703974,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Obsidus,"Game is like Titan Quest meets Diablo 2, but more. Haven't invested too much time into it yet, but from what I have played the game is amazingly good. I will probably write a full review for it once it is released; but for now, in my opinion the game is excellent as is, and is well worth the money.Edit: After 502 hours in a game that isn't even finished yet, I have to say that if you like ARPG's and DON'T buy this game, you'll be wronging yourself greatly. Excellent game made by talented developers that also very visibly have a passion for what they're doing."
76561197971851327,Recommended,219990,16544591,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,"His Majesty, the Lord of Space","totally awesome 5/5if you liked or thought Titan Quest was fun, you will love this game, its core concepts are identical yet everything is improved in every waythe graphics and world design are extremely beautiful too"
76561197962822145,Recommended,219990,16661289,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,--=[VIX]=--,"Absolutely awesome. A lot of fun in coop, if Dungeon Siege 2 and Diablo 2 had a baby, this would be it."
76561198103065508,Recommended,219990,16880815,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Doomcheese,"If you are an old Diablo 2 or Titan Quest player, odds are you'll love this."
76561197976010878,Recommended,219990,13751617,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,RandomStuff,Beats out D3 and comes very close to the custum aspect of PoE.  52 Hours and Counting come on!!!!!
,Recommended,219990,11002162,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mr Murlocking,"Grim Dawn is an amazing ARPG that bare many similar aspects of Titan Quest, his predecessor, but with an improved combat system/target mechanics, extended game-play features and very beautiful visuals and audio sounds.The game, this time, is set in a post apocalyptic scenery.I really got immersed with this new scenario because the visuals are representative and the soundtrack give you this feeling too. I must say that the soundtracks for Titan Quest was really good and they did an amazing job with Grim Dawn too.In Grim Dawn, you can customize the way you build your character in many aspects.Stats points - When you level up, your character gain 1 stat point which you can then apply too any of the 3 main stats (Phys (DEF), Cunning (DMG-Physical) and Spirit (Mana and Elemental DMG)Skills Points and Class Mastery - As you level up, you also gain 3 skills points you can distribute ""how you want"" in the skills tree of the specific class you choose the first time you level up. You may choose from +Base Stats/Mastery Lvl or get/upgrade a skill/passive.DUAL CLASSES - Yes!! The most amazing aspect of this game I think, in terms of character development is the dual classes.For the moment, there's only 4 classes in the game but that give you the possibility of 12 different classes (might be wrong, i'm not math genius), just imagine when the Devs add more with updates ;) I'll give you an example of my current build, i'm a dual-wield melee fighter focusing on elemental and poison damage, a ""Nightblade"" and an ""Oculist"" class at the same time, I get access to many bonus damage from pets aura and passives from the Oculist while focusing mainly on Nightblade for main damage and combat skills.This could be a long review if i would tell you how much i love this game so i'll try to cut short from here.--THE PROS--Monsters sometimes wear what they dropCrafting system similar to Diablo 3Amazing combat animationsVisuals, Sound effecs and soundtracks very immersiveHuge Character Customization via items, stats and skillsHuge Stash if you collect every items in the game ;)Many optionals + secrets areas/questsItem Sets + RelicsItems with ActivesItems CustomizationModdableAnd alot more...--CONS--     (pre-alpha build, everything is mostly subject to change or optimization)FPS Drops when playing for a long time (really better then early build and getting optimized with every updates)""I can't use that skill yet"" You'll hear this a lot if you spam your hotkeys.UI could be more polished.--RANDOMS FACTS--Been reading negative reviews and let me tell you that most of the peoples reviewing are newbies.I've been playing melee character since early build on my friend PC and i never had any trouble to progress and lacked damage. A melee class is always harder to play then a caster cause you need to get more involved in the combat, imo.Don't look down on this game for that, trust me. Melee is awesome and easy to get use to.If you loved Titan Quest I strongly recommend you get this game, you'll have a great time.While being very similar to Titan Quest, your game experience is completly different.Even if you didn't like TQ, i suggest you watch some videos and base your opinion on Grim Dawn and not Titan Quest, the Devs really improved the engine.""Most of it is pretty nice, but the way it controls will turn a lot of players away."" - Capt. ObviousI think this guy was pointing at how you can just click over a monsters and hold it and if the target die you don't have to click again on the adjacents enemies. Not all ARPG have this mechanic but the Dev listened and you can now choose ""Classic Targetting"" in the option.THIS IS AN EARLY REVIEW OF THE GAME AND I'LL BE EDITING AS THEY UPDATE."
76561198044207441,Recommended,219990,11003758,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lord Raizen,"Game play is execellent, my two issues is it needs multiplayer at least co-op, aswell as i found an un marked cave with a boss whoes always 8 levels higher than you. and has a supreme lock chest.. one took me 10 minutes to kiill him. and 2 he only droped a health potion and his supreme locked chest droped low level yellows and regular items. :("
76561198002805626,Recommended,219990,13294721,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Hollow Point,"This is the best Early Access game I have played on Steam so I felt compelled to write a review. I've been playing almost since it's inception.If you're looking for a fun Hack'nSlash with replayability this is the game for you. There really isn't much else to do in the game besides wading through hordes of monsters, going back to town and selling loot...but there's a certain appeal that keeps you do it over and over. Finding that one piece of gear to bring your character's dps over the edge, finding that one crafting component that fits nicely with your weapon, specing and respecing your abilities to see what works best...all of these things work in conjuction to keep bringing you back. The graphics are great, the sound track is original and the overal gritty atmosphere give this game an unmistakbable personality that sets it apart from other games of the same genre.There are a few down sides though. First and foremost the updates are very few and far between. It's been a year since  release and its feels like the current content is wearing itself thin. I felt like I was on the edge of my seat druing the first few months of playing but now I just hop on if I need to kill some time before leaving the house. Everything has been explored and my char has reached a plateau. Playing is rather drab when I know I can't improve no matter what I do.Multiplayer definitely needs work. The lag is a little ridiculous...expect a 1-2 second delay with every swing and every spell you cast. You also lose connectivity after about 30 minutes of playing. This game is definitlely meant for single player but it would be nice to have some solid multiplayer action.While the crafting feature adds a nice touch and is fairly easy to learn (basically stack components of the same type, combine them to make a powerful version and drop it on an item) There are some that are ridiculously hard to find. I've been playing for almost a year and have found only 3 of one type, just shy of completing it for an awesome weapon buff. There are others that drop once in a blue moon and I can play for months without ever getting a drop. I've never played an MMO with such rare loot drops.All in all it's a solid game. I'd definitely reccomend it to a friend. While it is addictive at first, don't expect it to keep your attention for very long like some other games."
,Recommended,219990,14818407,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,C4Chaos42,"Brings back a lot of welcome memories of Diablo 2. It's not the same as diablo 2, but there are a few similarities that bring a smile. I would recommend trying this, especially when it's on sale."
76561198061442122,Recommended,219990,14833151,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Carlo,"One of the only few ARPG's ive enjoyed in a long time, im looking forward to the full completion of this title as for me and my brother have already done some LAN games, and we've had a good experience doing so."
,Recommended,219990,14914452,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,ShaneisaGhost,8/10. Must have for any action RPG fan. Great mix of Diablo 2 and PoE. Has it's own uniqueness as well. Multiplayer duping really killed the game for me though.
,Recommended,219990,15796527,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,krudemon,"Now this is how  you run and Early Access Game.  If i didnt know better i would think it was finshed.  Btw i just picked up another copy just to have for a pal down the way who might want to play as i see the price going up very soon for this game as it is way under price as is.   There is realy alot of hart and soul put into this game and if they were to take another year to finsh it i would be ok with that because i think the Dev love this game as if it was there only child.  It is not just another action rpg,  it is the top dog of arpg and busting at the seems with content."
76561198069600307,Recommended,219990,16447427,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,projectklyde,Absolutely loving this game!
76561198032689427,Recommended,219990,16617230,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,KvnMcK94,"Only just starting, but you can tell 2 things about the people who made this game right away. They know what they're doing, and they played the ♥♥♥♥ out of diablo 2..."
,Recommended,219990,16724998,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Haevnatt,Best ARPG since Titan Quest.
76561198019851752,Recommended,219990,16725872,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Schwifty,"Great game! I love the setting, the fluid combat, the dual class trees, and overall look of the game. I honestly believe this game took the best of Diablo and fixed all the problems i had with Diablo while setting it in a (my opinion) lovecraftian apocolyptic setting. In shirt great game and really hope to see more come of this."
76561198007947395,Recommended,219990,16832728,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Mike,Pretty fun ARPG. Well worth the money.
76561198025155585,Recommended,219990,17238701,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,aquaman5k,"This review is of the Early Access release as of 7/26/2015.As someone who has played way, way too much Diablo II and Titan Quest, Grim Dawn certainly scratches the same itch as those games. It does have some notable improvements: the faction system, improved crafting, better NPC interaction and an overall greater feeling of immersion in the setting than Titan Quest. For the most part, the game mechanics feel right.While I have seen a few minor visual glitches, I have not encountered any crashes or show-stopping bugs at this point in the game. That said, my system exceeds the recommended hardware specs by a good bit, but my frame rate is still poor. I expected this to some degree, as performance tuning is usually the last thing done before full release once all the game content is in place, and this is an Early Access game. As it stands, the game is playable with all graphics settings turned down. Fights with large groups of monsters certainly seen a drop in fps.Overall, Grim Dawn is playable and fun at this stage, but if you have very low-end hardware, I might wait until the developers have had time to do some more performance tuning before jumping in."
76561198032231006,Recommended,219990,13617304,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Grahf,"I admit, total over the ARPG's over the years I have literally thousands of hours of gameplay. Grim dawn is amazing and Im going to play at least a thousand hours of this , Great Diablo 2 feel but runs newer and smoother (without Dsync like path of exile.) It can have some tough moments too, so much like anything else it has a trial and error element , I recommend experimenting with the different skill trees as they can hybridize."
,Recommended,219990,14046875,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,DPRK's #1 Round Eye,"A great game at the moment with a lot of potentail to Improve. What Diablo 3 should have been. Story seems a bit lacking though, but to be fair the game is not complete."
76561198006652471,Recommended,219990,14904364,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Nemesiz,"A review of Grim Dawn after beta develpment, testing and final release.Grim Dawn is a traditional hack and slash Role Playing game written by the same development team (defunct Iron Lore Entertainment) who originally wrote Titan Quest and the expansion pack Immortal Throne, Having a near identical gaming mechanics, high resolution graphics and addictive game-play but instead of the Mythical Greek setting, Grim Dawn is set in a medieval environment with magic, gunpowder and mythical creatures galore. As in a similar vain to Diablo, Torchlight, and it's predecessor the players utilise the dual skill tree to build individual unique characters, through collecting a multitude of armour, weaponry, and miscellaneous items and gaining experience through killing or completing various quests. Although a linear storyline, there are a vast amount of quests to be completed which allows the players the freedom to roam the fantasy environment, and complete their tasks.Since it's beta development, the programmers have refined and adding additional Acts and levels to the overall game. Also the developers have actively removed bugs, faults and improved the game-play. After completing the game with different characters and difficulty I can highly recommend Grim Damn as a great alternative for those seeking a similar game and genre to Diablo 3, or players who have enjoyed Titan Quest and Torchlight 2.So for under a Tenner (£10) in the Steam or Humble Bundle (Monthly) sale the game is value for money, and highly recommended 85/100."
76561198102290573,Recommended,219990,16136134,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,DUTY,Great fun game can wait for more to release
,Recommended,219990,16274416,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Midway,I really liked Titan Quest and his expansion and now i like Grim Dawn. Awesome ARPG in post-apocalyptic world
76561197994967472,Recommended,219990,16985130,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Arkenas Einbrecht,"Wonderful post-apocalyptic Action RPG. Spiritual successor to titan quest made by the team reponsible for Titan Quest. Even though it's in early access, the game does a wonderful job of holding my interest via massive skill trees and a multitude of wonderful combinations therein. The difficulty can be quite brutal, and at least for me that is some of the games' charm.It's about time I updated this reviw in light of all the new elements Crate has added to this wonderful title.Let's talk about Devotion system first. You run around the world purifying and repairing sanctuaries that have been damaged or defiled by an evil presence. As you do this you gain Devotion Points, you assign them to various constellations to unlock bonuses that range from passive stat boosts, to skills that proc on hit/certain damage type/etc. to active skills. It adds an extra layer of customization to your character that is separate from, and can be extremely complementary to, your mastery build. The number of constellations is staggering. There are 45+, each ranging from 5-8 nodes. With Devotion Points capping at 50, you have to pick and choose very carefully, as each constellation awards you with certain attunement bonuses. Other constellations require one or more (depending on how potent they are)attunement bonuses in order for you to be able to invest in them.The only downside to the Devotion system appears to be how long it can take to acquire your points to really delve into the system.On to the new mastery types! During 2015 Crate added two new masteries to the game: Shaman and Arcanist. Shaman is a full-time two-handed weapon wielder, with a solid repoitoire of utility skills, and even a few pet summons.Arcanist on the other hand is essentially your typical mage build. Defensive skills that can prevent or reduce damage, utility skills that can remove negative effects from yourself/party members and beneficial effects from enemies.Both masteries pair quite well with a number of the original 4."
,Recommended,219990,17207563,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Nochty,"Great hack n slash game. Closest thing to Diablo that I've  played in a while, without becoming a ""clone""."
,Recommended,219990,11116349,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Silverias,"I can say iu recomment this game for the following people and reasons:If you like a Arpg game with some difficulty to it, in for some challenges and dont mind actualy trying to look for something and pay atttention to if some gear would be beter for you.It is byfar not a finished product yet but that is to be  expected of a game like this wich has only a few people working on it.Also if you descide to pick this game up it has nice replayebilety to it since the choices you make in the game have consequences, be warry of the things you say and do with NPC's."
,Recommended,219990,15724058,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Inasyah 🐾,Too good to be true.11/10
76561198002804712,Recommended,219990,16344864,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Drdeath,good solid game...reminds me of all the time i spent playing d2 trying to hunt items down
76561198023328308,Recommended,219990,21442184,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,FemeiInPulaGoala,"Awsome game. A mix of POE , Diablo 2 and 3, and of course Titan Quest. A lot of customization, a lot of build variants but most of all a lot of fun"
76561197970405162,Recommended,219990,34680124,Posted: 2 September,all,Zu [UK],"Action Adventure game in the vein of Diablo 1 and 2. I started playing this in early access and put a lot of hours into it, during which the developers were really responsive to feedback from the community. If you liked Titan Quest but found that a bit too much of a drag (those early levels were too long!) then this might be more your thing. If you prefer the modern Diablo 3 stype gameplay then you might not find this as fun."
,Recommended,219990,21812689,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Noin,"We are four friends, one from Germany, three from Russia. We saw the good reviews and decided to try this game out.I gotta say, coop this game is just amazing! First, the variety of builds is really nice. Amount of different equipment to toy with is cool and I like the option of Instanced Loot as well, there are no fights for one specific thing and if you find something that is cool but not for you you can give it away. But what really shines (to me) are the Skills given by equipment. When you first play, you see what skills your class has and you get the general idea of what to expect playing this class. But later, you find this one ring and you see: ""Gives Skill: Fireball"", and you are like ""whoah, I wanna try this out"". And then you reallize you really like how this fireball works mechanically and rebuild your character to have this fireball as your main attack. This gives you an element of surprise as well, as there are soooo many skills to discover.The game scales with the amount of people nicely without getting too easy and what I also really like is that the visuals are not epilepsy-inducing like while playing coop in Torchlight or (even worse) Path of Exile, in the latter I sometimes had absolutely no idea what's going on because all I saw on the screen was explosions from that guy with high cast speed, spell echoed GMP Fireballs or some other♥♥♥♥♥♥like this."
76561198048848795,Recommended,219990,30604494,Posted: 18 March,all,Kellen____,"Diablo 2 was amazing. Diablo 3 was great in it's very own special way. Grim Dawn is what hardcore Diablo 2 fans wanted. I hate to draw the obvious comparisons, but it's inevitable.However, Grim Dawn is... deeper and more difficult, but much more rewarding. Building your character, skills, items and modifications... you're really rewarded for putting a lot of thought into your builds. The lore is very interesting if you read and pay attention, but the game is still fun without it. Less fun in my opinion, but still a very playable game.The map system is done in a way to make you explore. There is no simple waypoint for your objectives. You'll probably have to bring up your quest journal to figure out where to go. Even still, objectives may be outside of the location specified in the journal. I chalk this up to ""realism.""Being able to play exactly the way you want to play is definitely a feature in Grim Dawn. Do you want to be a brute and smash your way through everything? Do it. Do you want to be a mage casting spells, buffs, de-buffs, and more? Go for it. Dual wielding? Shaman? Conjuring beasts? Do you want to combine some of these different skill sets? The possibilities feel endless.Environments are distinct, as are enemies, factions, and even missions. This is a grind and loot game, but it's done very well.TL/DRPROS: Graphics, SFX and music, character builds, variety, lore, gameplay mechanics, mission variety, loot system... it hits all of the notes.CONS: Some of the voice acting is not... spot on. With the amount of love obviously put into this game, it's easy to look over."
76561197974246354,Recommended,219990,21598744,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jiveturkey,I have not stopped playing since I bought it.. This is what I expected d3 to be when it launched all those years ago. The only down side is you can really tell these guys liked alot of what titan quest did because they seemed to straight up take alot of that game.
76561197960312544,Recommended,219990,21517073,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TheMessy,"Titan Quest is one of my all time favorite games (I like it more than an of the Diablo games) so this game gets a huge thumbs up from me.  I bought this in early access when it first came out and I am glad to see it finally released, good job Crate!"
76561197999716180,Recommended,219990,21535627,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,dalamar55,AAA Hack n Slash
,Recommended,219990,21490272,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,GhostsheLL,After only putting in a few hours of play I can say this game is totally worth the purchase.I am using a 360 controller and it works great. A fun game to just chill and hack/slash.
,Recommended,219990,21495903,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Prof. Chalupa Batman,"do you like...-diablo-torchlight-dungeon crawlers-things that explode-demon hordes at your becon call-looking badass-screaming pew pew as you obliterate a horde of enemiesyes? buy it, enjoy it and say goodbye to whatever life you had, this is your new world.no? then what the heck are you doing here? seriously... this is just annoying dude, like... really? well you're here so just buy it, the game is awesome."
,Recommended,219990,20866126,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mancomb Seepgood,Best Diablo since Diablo 2. It has the depth and build variety I've been craving for a long time and the game is just difficult enough to make your builds either boom or bust. 10/10
,Recommended,219990,21501155,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Alpharadious,"Just buy this goddamn thing. It's glorious.Pros:+It's Grim Dawn, ok?Cons:-You are wasting your time reading this useless review instead of playing Grim Dawn."
,Recommended,219990,21592604,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Stubbs McNolegs,"Ridiculously fun ARPG.If you liked diablo 2, but diablo 3 didnt quite scratch the itch, give this game a try.You can set up your character pretty much however you'd like with multiple class combinations.Music and Sound effects are really well done.Graphics are nice. The game camera can zoom and rotate. Crate has used this to hide chests and secrets in corners you wont see without rotating the camera.The loot is pretty nice and a lot of it drops.All in all, If you like Diablo, Titan Quest, PoE, or Torchlight, give this game a try."
76561198004055370,Recommended,219990,24196669,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sþ1k3,Worth. Every. Penny.
,Recommended,219990,21581724,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,HiShin,im a fan of Titan Quest. Bought GrimDawn when it was still in early access. Though dont have much time to play it but im still very impressed. Gonna change from D3 to it.
,Recommended,219990,18470395,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Csbears,"Just like Diablo 3 I feel like GD went through a period where i thought it was a waste of money and was frustrated with how the game looked and played.  I can safely say that that isnt the case anymore.  Much like most other Diablo clones on the market these days drops are plentiful and with the added bonus of these....renamed gems dropping off of nearly every enemy.You have actual choices in questlines to do what you want and makes the experience that much more enjoyable.   The monster types have a ton of variety and melee feels like your attacks are connecting with every single hit, which is a big plus for me.The skill tree is alright with you gaining a subclass to pick from at around 10.  A lot of the skill tree is just passives for other skills with you just choosing 2 or 3 abilities even though you have a hotbar like in WoW instead of the dated 4 slots max in Diablo.If you are looking for a singleplayer game that stays true to Diablos grim and bleak atmosphere and isnt that bad of a game so by all means pick it up.7.5/10"
76561198129702832,Recommended,219990,18622296,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,larchismo,"Early access!! But nearly done, 3 out of 4 acts finished, with heaps to explore and do.No voice overs yet - Just the written dialog.If you liked;- Diablo 2 or 3- Titan Quest- Torchlight 1 or 2This game plays like them I spose. 6 original classes, which you can duel class.Different factions (good and evil), with their own unique quests and loot.A dark post apocalyptic steam punk fantasy feel (with guns).Cool graphics, effects and physics.Loot Loot Loot.Can easily recommend to fans of this style game."
76561197980705861,Recommended,219990,21575736,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Yunyun,"Experienced Hack and Slash player here.Great game so far. But I don't know about the mid and late game yet.Grim Dawn just makes me feel like the dev's have a lot of love and passion for the hack and slash genre.The game certainly has a lot of minor flaws that I won't list here because the pros outweigh the cons in my opinion.+ good combat feel, not as great as Diablo 3 but definitely better than PoE+ good difficulty curve (veteran mode), I can clear mob easily if I pay attention to what spells to use and when, some bosses are hard until you know their animations sequence and timers, interesting battles overall, far better than both Torchlight 2 and Diablo 3 on this level imho+ exploration is rewarded+ interesting skill system and the customization possibilities look really promising+ not seen much regarding items yet, I just equip whatever look stronger, I'm not farming for now+ interesting world exploration & story telling"
,Recommended,219990,25961917,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Tazzasaurus,One of the best RPGs of the modern era.  Very simliar to Titan Quest with much better resolution and optimizations for graphics and smoothness of play.  Probably the best action RPG since Diablo 2.
76561197971216581,Recommended,219990,28499370,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,The Jackal,Very much like Diablo 2 and Titan Quest
76561198066447793,Recommended,219990,21003725,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DaedalusDemon,"Grim Dawn is a fantastic ARPG. If you are familiar with Diablo or Path of Exile, this game will feel right at home, but with a darker feel. This game really brought the RPG portion back to ARPG. The story is grim and smooth, with a huge map to explore, and revisit to unlock new areas and open special dungeons. The best part about Grim Dawn is the build diversity, with 6 classes, and the ability to spec points into any two classes for a hybrid class, really makes the possibilities huge. Run through exploring the map and hacking through mobs of enemies in the search for a good looting system. With factions, crafting, and higher difficulty replays, there is a lot of content to play through, highly recommended."
,Recommended,219990,21875565,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Trash Man,"took everything I like about Titan Quest and made it better, took everything I didn't like (The bland atmosphere) and cranked it up into a world I actually am interested in and want to explore"
,Recommended,219990,27203149,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Meanie,It's like Diablo and Path of Exile had a love child that after a tragic accident lost both it's parents and were raised by Titan Quest.
76561197970394750,Recommended,219990,29279371,Posted: 15 January,all,ArkturusRex,"Excellent game. Good storyline, and loads of content in a huge world. Play solo, or co-op with up to three of your mates. The Crucible DLC allows you to put your characters through a fight-club meat grinder to see how tough they really are.Definitely hits the centre of that all-important ""just another 10 more minutes"" zone...Thoroughly recommended."
,Recommended,219990,29220829,Posted: 13 January,all,{HOLY}Yasmail ben Murad,"I am a big fan of Action RPGs.I played Diablo 3 since it release, Path of Exile since its release on steam some years ago, Titan Quest back then when it was only available on Disc and then again with the release of the Anniversary Edition.With path of exile I had technical Problems with my computer, so no POE for me anymore, Diablo 3 was due to its unsatisfying gameplay and never ending game idea (just bigger numers, up to Level 500, 800, more and more and millions of damage...thats no real satisfying motivation to play for me). And then the anniversary edition of Titan Quest was released. And this convinced me to by Grim Dawn. Why?Because it took me again to Action RPGs. And it remembered me of Grim Dawn.Because some of Titan Quests old developers are now working on Grim Dawn. And you can feel it. Grim dawn feels like a much better and enhanced version of Titan Quest and I mean that positive.You can choose up to two classes and combine them. Soldier with magical skills? Assassin with Pets? Everything possible. Obviously there are some combinations stronger to others. In order to personalise you build even more there is the so called ""Devotion System"". You will find shrines in the game and with restoring them you get points you can spend in a seperate skill tree and get different boni on resistances, damage, health and new special moves, which you can level also.Additionally there is a rafting system, which gives you actually nice items, relicts to enhance your equipment and potions which have a short lasting effect.Also there is a faction system, giving you new items and blueprints from your allies and stronger and more enemies when killing a certain amount of them. This keeps you motivated to play for quite some time and offers you new options.It`s worth mentioning, that the gameplay is not as fast as in Diablo 3, feels more like Path of Exile. But in my opinion something good, since its event satisfying to kill smaller enemies because you have a better feeling of the damage you deal. Subjective which system you like more.The Story is also...OK I think. You have some choices, which to some degree chages your gameplay experience. For example you have the coince to kill one npc or not. Depending on your choice you gain some reputation with one faction and lose the option to gain some with another one or you will lose some reputation at one faction, but gain one whole new faction.With every Playthrough on the different playthroughs (normal, Epic, Ultimate) you can decide, if you want to make a different decision and reset reputations or continue the way you played before.Pro:+ Graphics+ lots of secrets to be found, game rewards exploration (there are some secret questlines and hidden objects)+ dark world and artstyle fits the world, nice detailes+ Incredible satisfying combat, you can actually FEEL the hits you deliver+ different ways to combine the equipment and skills and the so called devotion system+ you are motivated all the time, enemies level with you to a certain point and the game usually is chalenging (in a good way)+ depending on how much you are interested in the game it offers different ways of complexety, you don`t have to farm everything, but you can if you want+ a little nice thing is, that you can have the map open and run at the same time. Incredible helpful and is for example not possible in Diablo 3+ not so fast in the Insane Damage Numbers of Diablo 3 (and still feels like more)+ you can upgrade you base city and safe people...Cons:- ...But it doesn´t really matter, only to enhance your reputation to get better equipment. Doesn`t make that big difference- sometimes you have no chance and you life Bar goes down in a second, no chance. But not as bad as in Diablo 3, where its quite regular, that you cant move and  have no options. Because in Grim Dawn there are some skills beeing activated when your health is below a 30% or something like that and restore your health to safe you.I can recommend the game to all fans of Path of Exile and Titan Quest. I bought the game in a sale, for 15 - 20 Euros the game is totally worth it and if you like the previous mentioned games, you will like this one also. Grim Dawn has lots of different content. You want to safe people? Repair a base, even if its very simple, you want to level, enhance you skills, craft new equipment, farm stuff, kill lots of different and very callenging enemies or think about the best builds? The game has everything. Costs far less then Diablo 3 and has so much more love inside..."
76561197960275516,Recommended,219990,21610383,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,rek,"It's not *amazing* but it's close. Close enough that I'd be very interested in anything this developer releases in the future. Buy it, give it good reviews, and support games that are not just addicting tricks or ♥♥♥♥♥♥ microtransactions.I had nothing but fun from level 1 to level 76. It's local, meaning you could cheat pretty easily if you wanted to: the fact that I don't want to says a lot. The itemization is far better than most comparible games, but even more importantly there's no obnoxious story/quests that arbitrarily gate you from content.There are a lot of quests, many of which are optional, but the required actions are minimal and fairly linear.  Because of this playing through multiple difficulties doesn't feel like a chore. Compare that to a game like Path of Exile - which is outstanding beside this one issue - where having to go through every act 3 times is excessively annoying after your first few characters. Run here, run there, touch this, fight that, run more, etc - it can feel like work because really you just want to 'skip' to the areas you like (ledge, docks, maps, etc in the case of POE). In Grim if you're strong enough just running straight to the next area is incredibly easy. You could call that a negative on your first playthrough but when you want to build up multiple characters I consider it a huge positive over similar games.An ARPG is always a balance between what you want to do and what you have to do. Done properly you spend the vast majority of your time doing things you want to do - not grinding boring♥♥♥♥♥♥so that the game can eventually become fun again. Grim does this well and the gameplay is dynamic and fun. Crazy random items, cool uniques, and the ability to mix two classes results in a ton of options."
76561197961069508,Recommended,219990,21491857,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,JimmyPage[ROCK],All around great game. If you like Diablo or Path of Exile you will like this game. The skill tree alone is so in depth that it will keep you replaying and trying different builds. If you crank up the diffuculty first time through like I did you will get a good challenge from the game. I am not a huge fan of ARPGs but I do love this game. It is like going back and playing Diablo 2 for the first time!
76561198123258008,Recommended,219990,21534082,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,marijan773,"Just great! 8.5/10Exactly what we all needed after Diablo III decided to go to cartoon land and be a dirty pay to win game. Shame on you Blizzard!Ya see folks you don't need millions of dollars to develop a great game, just some love, creativity and will coupled with the help from some honest backers who remember how good games were back in the day, and there you go.Triple A game developers - suck on this!Ubisoft: Not enough towers to sync, needs more lame filler. 5/10Blizzard: Where is the real money auction house and the low epic chance drops? 2/10EA: ACT IV is not sold as a separate DLC? 1/10Rocksteady-WB: Runs great  on any machine and it isn't broken? Son I am dissapoint. 0/10P.S.Oh and it's 22,49 EUR at the moment, that's right not 60, but 22,49. What are you waiting for????"
76561198010824203,Recommended,219990,18380042,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,MaxWin,"This is awsome! Played Diablo 1, 2 and LoD. Started playing Diablo 3 when it came out and well.... This should take its place! Amazing game so far with awsome gameplay feeling!"
76561198028022705,Recommended,219990,18461104,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Denali,"If you like Path of Exile, Diablo 1 or 3, or Torchlight, then you will love this game.  At first glance its just like any of those, but upon deeper delving, its alot more.  The skill system is robust with plenty of choices and the ability to cross any 2 classes at at level will leave you staring at the list for many hours deciding which skills might go together.  My character changed alot from start to lvl 40 now, but I'm still smashing the hell out of pinatas with my sword and throwing all the phat loot in my bags.You can also obtain rare skills via item or item enhancement, and crafting/salvaging is a viable way to get more powerful if you just hate waiting for the perfect item to drop.  Even though I understand this game is in early access, I have yet to hit a wall of missing content, so I'll come edit if my opinion changes should that happen."
76561198057731079,Recommended,219990,18575465,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Glyphyr,The best early access game that I've ever played.
,Recommended,219990,18101804,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Fabzzy <3,"*i played mostly with steam offline**ive been backer since 2nd week of early access*so... Grim Dawn.. another ARPG developed by a team that made great games in the past (like Titan quest)okay so yes grim dawn is ""another"" Action RPG game but its not just ""another"" game in that genre.its actually really surprisingthe new ""dual class"" system brings alot of fresh air and fun into the genre making alot of blending and mixing possibilites with each new character despite ur first pick.story will be 4 acts (currently 3 if im not mistaken) and an expantion promised in the past probaly will be released in the future.+IT IS COOP+MULTIPLAYER+GREAT SINGLEPLAYER+GOOD NEW SYSTEMS+DECENT GRAPHICS (not the most exciting graphics but its decent and the performance is really good)theres alot to explore and the game keeps u entertained for a long time actualybuilds are flexable as expected and the loot is satisfyingi would reccomand it to every ARPG fan( i played D2,D3,TITAN QUEST, TORCHLIGHT1&2,POE....etc)"
,Recommended,219990,18452795,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Ghuun,"Been following this game from very early on and it does not disappoint even in its unfinished state devs ( Titan Quest ) are working hard to get this done.Grim dawn is a gritty dark fantasy dungeon crawler like diablo 2 , it has great some great classes and you can mix two classes in one so makes for some great builds to play around with, theres some great loot to be found and can be played in single player or multi player which can be great fun in a party of four.Graphics are dark gritty and fit the game style well although definetly have that indi look to them, skill effects are very nicely done.If you like these type of dungeon crawler games go try this out 9/10."
,Recommended,219990,18382459,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Yumad(?),"Im not a RPG player. I have never played Dioblo 2 (but have seen it). Before this I have multiple RPG titles in my library but cbf playing them. Until now. This game is pure masterpiece. It is actually super fun. If you do not have this game in your library, GET IT NOW"
,Recommended,219990,18438210,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Jarinex,"I've played this game for less than an hour, but I already know I'm going to love it. Based on what I've seen and read, I look foward to the rest of this game."
76561198117615869,Recommended,219990,18606379,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,unholybastard,"Enjoyable, very Diablo like gameplay and mechanics."
,Recommended,219990,18678424,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Welshie,"Even though I've played Diablo 3 'til I'm blue in the face, the fact of the matter is, it knocks spots off D3. It's immersive and captivating. I've just spent a whole day playing must have been 16hrs plus...eeek! Absolutely brilliant game."
,Recommended,219990,18016940,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Rave Drugs,"if u love diablo 1&2, sacred 1&2, and if u love titan quest, ur gonna love this game a lot..."
76561197998244313,Recommended,219990,18434810,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Kardinal Tyserie,One of the best game ever. If you like Diablo 1 and 2 you have to play this.
,Recommended,219990,18382243,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ditsikts,A decent Action RPG. Especialy if you like Titan Quest buy it without second though.
76561198015029972,Recommended,219990,18464038,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,thedaego,Incredibly polished for early access.
76561198054147111,Recommended,219990,18419118,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Yucatan,Just WOW!
,Recommended,219990,18464319,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Lolrider,"I only played this because it was free for the weekend, since Roguelikes aren't really my thing, but I was pleasantly surprised by Grim Dawn.  I have to say, it looks and plays like a full retail release already, which spells only good things for the game moving forward, as far as I'm concerned.  The controls are responsive, the different specializations seem relatively well thought out (although I'd hope for a bit more variety in the final release), and the environment looks nice, if a bit generic.There are hints of a story that hopefully become more fleshed out later in the game, or at least later on in the development cycle, but there's enough there to keep you motivated and to keep you interested, which is something I find a lot of Roguelikes struggle with.Surprisingly, any problems I had with the game itself were extremely minor, and I expect them to be tweaked very quickly.I would easily recommend Grim Dawn to people who like the genre, and I would probably even recommend it to people that are unfamiliar with it, or on the fence.  It's shaping up to be a great way to spend time, and the development team seems to know what they're doing.  Personally, I'm seriously considering buying it myself, if the price is right."
76561197970941405,Recommended,219990,18436010,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Trowser30,Really like this game and well worth the money they are asking for even though its not finished yet. So lots more potential to be seen in this.
76561198072995480,Recommended,219990,21487540,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Cosgar,"If you know what a Baal run is, then you owe it to yourself to get this game."
76561198107980094,Recommended,219990,19337064,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,much to learn,Feels like D3 plus Titan Quest :)
,Recommended,219990,23954756,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Mr. Christer,If you prefer Diablo 2 over Diablo 3 you'll love this game.
,Recommended,219990,21626040,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Rigg,better then diablo 4
76561198095725931,Recommended,219990,32282475,Posted: 8 June,all,gakm7,This game is by far the best ARPG I have ever played. It's definitely worth a try if you're on the fence about it.
76561198086404169,Recommended,219990,34488527,Posted: 25 August,all,mitchbryan,A great game with hours of gameplay. My only issue is that you end up replaying the story multiple times on different difficulties in order to reach the end game. Hopefully the upcoming expansion will address this. With that said it is worth replaying the game multiple times.
76561198033595042,Recommended,219990,21585791,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Mac,"It's a fairly good time waster, little more boring than games usually are of this genre, but I guess the boredom heralds from it's Titan Quest roots which was fun, but sent me to sleep. The choice of how you build your character depends on the legendary items as well, I'd recommend working out which legendary set you want then build your character around that, as the item choice for creating your own builds is limited.Overall it's pretty fun getting to max level and fairly easy as well, not much to do after level 85 and the thought of starting a new toon drills my brain. 6/10 only recommended for die hard fans of the genre."
,Recommended,219990,21620965,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ToneZone,This game has a little more depth than Diablo 3.  The graphics aren't as polished as D3 but that does not take anything away from the game.  You don't get companions like you do in D3.  Character development is top notch.
76561197971170731,Recommended,219990,17960723,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Stomach Box,"Even though  Grim Dawn is early access, it's a very polished, and even well balanced game. This game literally IS Titan Quest under the hood functionally, with improved graphics and rotational view perspectives... but the leveling system, the dual class capabilties, even the Spirit Guide to reset your skill points when you'd like, are all taken from what I felt was one of the best ARPG's I'd ever played (Titan Quest - many, many hours logged in that game!)But it's different in more than just the tilesets and texturing. Grim Dawn feels grittier than TQ ever was. The Story (Yes, I said Story in an ARPG) is very good, and your actions carry weight - sometimes for good... sometimes for not so good, depending on who you're aligning with in terms of Factions. Point is, your acts, the things you chose to do or not do, will impact who you can interact with and at what level you're allowed to interact with them. Want better goods from a Vendor? Get a better reputation with the town he lives in. Want to actually talk to one of the NPC's who for now, won't? Learn, and do, what you need in order to make the world of Grim Dawn react to your presence. While this may sound subtle, it's actual impacts across the game can be felt even in early stages.This is of course, an Early Access game, so things aren't 100% complete in terms of all the 'Acts' (2/3 of the way complete as of this writing) but the gameplay feels very polished... Don't be surprised to find that updates will blow away your save or change items, etc... It's still in development so these things will happen as the Dev's work to improve the experience. But don't let those things discourage you. This is a GREAT game for its genere and for the price. Show it a little love... I did. No regrets."
,Recommended,219990,19051167,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,d i g i t a L,"Damn, I'm so glad that I picked up this game. I even paid full price and I'm still happy about it. Already 30+ hours in, and finished main quest, waiting for act 4 now. But the whole point is to try out new builds and get the best gear, and I love that.I bought this because I was looking for something to replace CS:GO with, since I wanted a game to relax and enjoy without having toxic people screaming and talking crap. And yeah...if you like aRPG's give Grim Dawn a chance and you won't regret it, even if its in Early Access, it's still amazing.P.S: Shoutout to Ceno, awesome guy with lots of guides and helpful answers on the GD forums :)"
76561197969417125,Recommended,219990,25320845,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,G00N3R,"Grim Dawn is an action RPG set in a world that has been invaded by a race of demons. The player controls a single character from an overhead camera perspective as they engage in real time combat against endless hordes of enemies. The gameplay is what you'd expect from an action RPG. There isn't much focus on the story, and the core gameplay loop is pretty much ""kill stuff - get better loot - kill stronger stuff - gain stronger abilities - repeat"".I have to admit I'm not usually a big fan of action RPGs, but I'm glad I took a chance on Grim Dawn, because I actually quite enjoyed playing this game. I found the combat in games like Torchlight and Path of Exile to be a bit repetitive and boring, but although Grim Dawn has that same style of never letting you walk for more than 30 seconds in any direction without throwing another horde of 15-20 enemies at you (seriously, I killed more than 29 thousand enemies over the course of the game), the combat felt interesting and tactical, mainly thanks to the massive variety of abilities you can use.The good•	6 classes to choose from, and you can multi-class.•	Lots of abilities on each class skill tree including melee and ranged attacks, sustained auras, passive buffs and radial attacks, many of which can be upgraded with added status effects such as stun, bleed or knockdown.•	Adding components to weapons and armour can give extra abilities such as poison grenades, shield bash, or a percentage chance to deal elemental damage to nearby enemies when they hit you.•	Exploring the world to find and activate hidden shrines gives special upgrade points that can further increase your character's stats, and grant access to even more powerful abilities - my favourite creates an energy shield when my health is low, which absorbs all damage taken for a short time.•	Decent variety of enemies including demons, animals and Human bandits. Some have special abilities such as healing allies, summoning allies, freezing or stunning the player, and flame auras.•	You'll often see different types of enemies attacking each other, which makes the world feel alive. Its not like everything is just standing around waiting to attack the player.•	You have a personal portal which allows you to fast travel to a town at any time. This is really useful for someone like me who is obsessive about collecting and selling every piece of loot.•	There's a ton of content. The maps are huge, and it took me 50 hours to finish the main quest and most side quests. The way that shrines, side quests and loot chests are hidden away in far corners of the world encourages thorough exploration.•	Music is pretty good and I could maintain 60 fps on max graphics settings on a PC that is a few years old.•	I only suffered 1 full crash, and didn't notice any other bugs.The bad•	Story is quite generic and lacks depth. None of the NPCs say or do anything remotely interesting, and I never cared about them at all.•	AI can be a bit dumb at times. Often in underground dungeons, ranged enemies would try to shoot me through brick walls. Bosses seem to have a specific zone where they'll attack you, so if you retreat far enough they'll disengage and let you heal instead of finishing you off.•	You can make some basic decisions on a few quests, for example choosing which of two factions to side with. But this system doesn't seem to impact the world state as much as the store page suggests. Its nowhere near Mass Effect or Witcher level of choice and consequence.•	You can't save in the middle of a dungeon, and all enemies respawn when you reload the game. This doesn't combine well with the massive maps, and on a couple of occasions it forced me to continue playing long after I'd planned to stop, in order to finish a dungeon or find and activate the next fast travel portal. You basically have to allow 2 hours for every playing session to be certain of making any real progress. (XP and loot are constantly saved). I'm not sure if this is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when you die because I haven't actually died yet (normal difficulty).The recommendationI'd rank Grim Dawn as the best action RPG I've played, and I'm sure true fans of the genre will absolutely love it. Its definitely value for money at full price."
76561198059716969,Recommended,219990,17975557,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,frograven,Hell of a game!(And it gets better each time they update it!)Do I recomend? YES!
,Recommended,219990,18392572,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,lulabuy,This is right way that Diablo 3 should be.
76561198146622165,Recommended,219990,18394123,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,AG,This game is awesome!!!
76561198212018151,Recommended,219990,18064037,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Frick,"If you loved Diablo 2 but were let down by Diablo 3, do yourself a favor and play this game! I cant wait until it is finished. Challenging and rewarding. Great action rpg so far."
76561198099736386,Recommended,219990,30919893,Posted: 3 April,all,Anak MAMIH dan PAPIH,"LOVE IT!!!! awesome hunt, and loots. too many jobs to choose OMG, just buy it!!!"
76561198112092051,Recommended,219990,33301541,Posted: 5 July,all,VAN様 (TDNコスギ),Well this game is just amazing one of the best ARPGs i played. Just look at my hours record.
76561198098488189,Recommended,219990,21493186,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Dragon Puki,Diablo 2Titan QuestGrim Dawn
,Recommended,219990,21218914,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Charlie4727,Oh God Yes. Diablo 2 is back and its better.
76561197972247581,Recommended,219990,31463499,Posted: 30 April,all,Brickhousepat,Solid game lots of hours and got my money worth.
76561198080539117,Recommended,219990,21608381,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,l1ght,"Remember when Diablo 1 came out ? When Diablo 2 came out ? When Titan Quest came out ? No ? Well, listen closely young gamer. With this game, you can experience the same we did when we were young as you are.And for those experienced ones: It has been a while since I've played a game. When this came out, I took vacation, rushed home and started playing. We had Diablo 2, then we had Titan Quest, then ... nothing for a long time and now, after all these years, we have Titan Quest's successor. Magnificent !I like the game. I really like it. Excellent job. Since Titan Quest, a lot happened. Blizzard was spoiled by money, releasing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for enormous amount of money. Nobody could do a true ARPG. However this, this is great. A truly well made game. Thank you developers."
76561198064127639,Recommended,219990,22075500,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,tinitus909,"Hands down the best arpg on the market. 160+ hours in with 4 characters.. fully addicted, don't want to do Easter and have a hardcore weekend with Grim Dawn..Add me if you want to team up..Server -- Grim up north"
76561198090044378,Recommended,219990,20646342,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Steven Daniels,"This has gone from a game I purchased in 2013 because ""maybe it'll turn into something good"" to being my second favorite ARPG of all time, beaten only by Diablo 2: LoD and the thick♥♥♥♥♥rose tinted glasses I wear when talking about that game. This game is damn good and a fantastic example of what a talented team who listens to their players can do, good job Crate."
76561197991155039,Recommended,219990,21720434,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Walpurgis,"I bought this game back when it was still in Beat on sale, was dissapointed with it and had a few false starts.  Now in its current state it turned out to be a good buy.  This game has a crap load of content for what you pay for it.  If you like ARPG Diablo type games than this will satisfy.PROSThe combat and the atmosphere are good.  This game has a great feel to it as far as the environment and music.  Tons of content and loot to look for.  The game starts a bit slow but really picks up steam once you get a few abilities.  The devotion tree was a great addition and the skills you get off items can really flesh out a build.ConsThe storyline was a bit meh but easily overlooked just by the combat.  The environment is a bit repetitive as well as the textures.  Also you have to be careful how you build your character in the beginning.  Elite is very unforgiving and there is no way to respec your attributes to try to make up for it, something I hope they will add in the next game.  There is more than one occasion I found that they enemies swarm you giving you no chance, or you instantly die without any idea of how it happened.  I couldn't imagine trying to play this on Hardcore.  Inventory is a bit of a mess, tons of crafting mats and no way to organize them.  Also give us a way to trade items ala Diablo 2 in game.FinalThis game is good and worth the money.  Even with the cons it is worth it for just the sheer amount of content you get with it.  A lot of my cons are supposedly going to be negated by them allowing mods to the game, if so, with the proper mods I think this game could really have some staying power.EDIT:Welp, after complaining about the issues with attributes the developers put in a patch fixing things.  They are listening to the player-base and the newest patch really takes care of those concerns.  With the addition of the ability to mod the game, this game is turning out to be a really great buy and loads of fun!"
76561197986559323,Recommended,219990,20340151,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Appffske,"Stopped playing Diablo 3, started playing Grim Dawn. Didn't regret it a moment."
76561198073748319,Recommended,219990,21636871,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Coke Sniper,Had around 16h playing session yesterday....0_o
76561198055149982,Recommended,219990,20560841,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ooooh,"GRIM DAWN is the best action rpg i ever played!If Titan Quest and Diablo 3 had a Baby Grim Dawn would be it.And it has a rotatable camera + stepless zoom!It's awsome and for that price you can't do anything wrong.Buy it, enjoy it and support this great work.Thank you CRATE guys for this great game! Didn't haveso much fun gaming in years..."
,Recommended,219990,20422603,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Alinoe,I liked it very much. Just finished the game on Normal+Veteran with a battlemage. Recommend it if you like dark fantasy setting and classic hack'n'slash experience.
76561197984768999,Recommended,219990,20428336,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,xjojox55,"Fans of ARPGs such as Diablo, Torchlight, Path of Exile or Titan Quest should definately check this game out."
,Recommended,219990,24667984,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Likos,Memories from Sacred are coming back <321 hours of this game in 3 days. HF
76561198036625296,Recommended,219990,24216101,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,joe_1661,Great game if you loved D2 and old ARPG
76561198063475008,Recommended,219990,22331296,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Marky_Mark,"Grim Dawn is a Hack and Slash loot feasting dream. If you love RPG Games such as Diablo II, Titan Quest and Torchlight II then this is the game for you. Has all the perks of usual RPG's too much to mention. Love it. Totally Awesome. Highly Recommended."
76561198105209265,Recommended,219990,21603421,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Crow Crown,"It has tons of features.21 possible classes.Each class can be build how ever you want it: tank, dps, support.Tons of rare loot that actually matters.Explore a big map with dungeons and search for chests.Build bridges or blow up rocks to discover more.Increase your reputation in towns to your benefit.Find NPC's and decide their fate.I had more fun in 1 hour on Grim Dawn than I had on Diablo 3 with 20 hours gameplay."
,Recommended,219990,21607923,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Zeatanas,"Loveing it, its everything you wished Diablo 3 was as opposed to the game seemingly Blizzards punishment for interns that got the WoW developers coffee orders wrong it was."
,Recommended,219990,21541091,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Fab,Such a great game to waste your time!
,Recommended,219990,31034747,Posted: 9 April,all,MarXmaN,"Phenomenal!Grim Dawn brings back a sense of nostalgia from the demon torn world of Diablo 2.With it's dark and ominous tone, well composed and fitting soundtrack bringing a sense of fear and not knowing when a boss level NPC will rear it's ugly head. This game brings back all the elements that made Diablo 2 such a timeless classic and detracts from the arcade style that Diablo 3 adopted.Pros:[+] Grim (as the title suggests) atmosphere[+] Engaging story that keeps you reading more about the Grim Dawn Universe[+] In depth leveling system with skills unique to each class[+] Dark soundtrack that adds to the ominous feel of the game[+] Involved combat system that has you planning how to engage rather than rushing in and smashing your action bar buttons[+] Story and leveling focused, keeping players engaged for hours[+] 90's style story delivery, no fancy cutscenes created with multi-million dollar CGI tech.[+] Gear and Weapons have a vast array of secondary stats allowing you to create a truly unique play style.[+] Easy Armor and Gear buffing[+] Tons of lootCons:[+] A bit slow paced[+] Rough around the edges (visually speaking, but that also adds to the tone of the game)[+] Combat is not as fluid as Diablo 3, but is easy to get used to.Being such a Diablo 2 Fanboy this review may be biased, but as many have said this game is what Diablo 3 should have been. I completely agree, I have not been so engaged in a game in many years, logging 3.6 hours in a single sitting.If you're looking for a true ARPG experience with a nostalgic feel. A story that grips you into the Universe and makes you want to play more and more. Grim Dawn is for you. I recommend this game even at full price.9/10"
76561197974884755,Recommended,219990,21512722,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,xRenz,Sick Game and much better than Diablo 3 etc
,Recommended,219990,22356534,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,whyunoheal,"After full release, revisited the game and surprised how far the game evolved.No need to praise the game's all mechanics again, talent system, devotions, combats... all of them more than greatly satisfaying, which type of dmg you are taking a bit hard to understand for the new players tho.All we need in this point , multiplayer servers likebattle.netso we dont save in our local/cloud folders and this will remove any hacking from game especially ''transfer.gst'' item sharing. Also farming legendaries feels a bit dull without anyother objective or aim while playing , diablo2 style grinding not so good for the 2010+ player characteristic base, we want multitasking, faster character progress pace, planning everystep of progress and appyling them without big time delays between them requiring hours of grind for one slot item. also writing this part of comment  made me realize that eventho most of the player base thinks this game has so much items, for me grim dawn still needs more epic variations that can be replacement for the best in slot items while progressing in the feeling that i wrote above. Such as i don't want to use an item gives me a completely unnecessary stat just because it also gives 2-3 usefull/needed stats. that difference makes me feel like something is wrong with my character eventho it is completely tolerable while gearing on the road leads to the end game. i think, i want to get best of everything in everystep of levelling progress.second needed content is can be also answer to my grinding legendaries boredom is different end game options for that i know the team still working on bringing new contents and i think i need to wait for the release of 'the hidden path' first and see. having said that having dungeons like steps of torment or maybe something similar to poe's map system would be exciting also at the end of the those dungeons a bigger/shinier chest (just the better design, not meaning certain legendary drops) would be good just for the feelings before the opening them, after all hope is a big factor in these kind of games that keeps us grinding.finally i need to finish this review cause even writing about the game makes me wanna play more, it is that good! in its current state."
,Recommended,219990,20356620,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Tory,"Grim Dawn is an excelent ARPG with a great setting and ambient.Pros:Class diversificationLots of lootPlenty of ways to modify your gear and characterGreat story tellingThe game does honor to its name, it is  very dark and grim world and everythingin it reminds you of this (scenery, story, characters, quests, etc.).Diverse enemiesCons:Some parts of the storyCombat can become a bit monotonousClass balancing"
,Recommended,219990,14805669,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,hithisisben,"I -cannot- wait for this game to be finished. This is a must buy if you like ARPG's, but be warned - it's not yet complete.Pros+Dark tone to the game, and the graphics reflect that+Music is good, it has that dark and hopeless sound to it+Features multiple difficulties, as well as hardcore and multiplayer+Multiple different and interesting classes to play+Monster density not an issue+Light radius is a stat+Interesting gear customizationCons-This game can't be released soon enoughSince Grim Dawn is still early access, the level cap is currently set at 40, whereas it should be 75? upon release. The good news is, there is still stuff to do even at level 40, like increasing reputation with factions for gear rewards, hunting down better gear, crafting, hunting recipe drops etc. Grim Dawn is the next big thing for ARPG's, don't pass this up."
,Recommended,219990,13727909,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ruach,"pretty good, bad optimization at this point because it's in beta, but get friends and play this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,219990,20860395,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,SnipSnap,"Diablo II, Titan Quest, WoW, all games in which Grim Dawn lends itself from. And does a great job reflecting all the said titles in what is a true modern iteration of an ARPG. Now I've yearned for a title that had the raw chunky, meaty and satisfying combat of Diablos of old, and yet the deep intricate character skill tree modification of Titan Quest. Grim Dawn delivers on this front very very well. In fact there isn't much that Grim Dawn doesn't do well, maybe a few flaws technically (Pre-Release patch after all) but it has many a different notes ringing through it's dark yet vibrant world.I played this game with a great sense of adventure, very rarely feeling pushed down one route, I'd find myself lost amongst the misty waters of a bog; or encroached by lifeless trees luring me in and then slaughtering me with hidden high level creatures.It invokes a feeling of adventure I had not felt since Skyrim, the same grandure, scope and questing; even though these titles are very different games, yet Grim Dawn manages to lure you into a false sense of the games scope. I use the word 'we' now as me and the missus explored this world after I had spent some time on the game alone. Which further adds to the sense of adventure, especially when we were both ready, weapons at hand, venturing into the many dark corners of the world seeking rare weapons, trinkets, gems and the power to widen our warriors resolves.This title had us engrossed in wonder at it's strange juxtaposition (had to google the spelling) Skyrimesque, fused with a dash of post apocalypticness, the rawness of the combat harking back to Diablo and a menu system so familar to my missus, she thought she was about to go on a 20 man raid in Azeroth.We have spent a substantial amount of time playing this title, and we still have many bounties yet to complete after finishing the main plot line of the game. I would say in all honesty that this title despite it's bugs/glitches so far has revived the ARPG genre once thought lost, and believe me the missus and I have raided a life times worth of hours in Diablo III and we can firmly say that this game comes out on top wuth no competition. Even though Blizzards 'AAA' (I use that term loosely) infused Diablo III tries hard; Grim Dawn just IS a true succesor in the genre. It is definitely a true diamond dog, and worth a look for any fan of ARPGs of old. Now stop reading this and enter the Grim world for yourself.Thanks to Steam User powbam here's a few extra details!'After release you can look forward to mod tools, a survival mode, and eventually after those there will definitely be 1 guaranteed full-blown expansion. So, the good times shouldn't be over just yet.'"
76561197978671988,Recommended,219990,10979784,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Hail Hydra,"Looking good But you need to SLOW DOWN the RUN SPEED,  I dont want to hit my enemys going MACH 2, also .... where are all the character skills..."
76561197972718439,Recommended,219990,12962890,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ravenz67,Excellent game and progressing nicely.  I love the dark gritty look.  This game get's better with each update.
76561198107526070,Recommended,219990,11542749,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,gslay16,This is Diablo II on roids. And its not even finished yet........look out Blizzard
,Recommended,219990,12810619,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Super Sayajin,"Ok, so i just bought this game.. I wanted to wait until it got released but ultimately i could not as it was taking TOO LONG. I have been waiting for this game since 2012. So I decided to buy it and oh boy I did not regret it one bit. 7 years now when asked what my favorite game was i would always answer TITAN QUEST: IT ♥♥♥♥♥es.. After all these years I can finally see my answer changing. Grim dawn is a better, updated, an even more polished to the already polished titan quest, game. I will say it even though some of you are gonna disagree. GRIM DAWN IN ITS ALPHA STATE IS ALREADY BETTER THAN DIABLO 2 (diablo 3 is a joke so I am not going to compare). TQ was also better than diablo 2 imo but GD is STILL IN ALPHA.. I can only imagine the quality of the game when finished. Now I can see why this project is taking so long. it needs to be perfect.Grim dawn and titan quest before it are the only games that can give you this ultimate filling feeling :) when finding a special green (rare) or blue (epic) item.I have truly played every hack n slash aRPG game there is. EVERY ONE OF THEM. I never got this particular feeling of actually accomplishing something after finding rare items. They feel unique. my second favorite game of the genre was torchlight which is great in every aspect but looting. you just cant have this heart skirting sensation when a blue item hits the ground like in Grim dawn.Thats what Grim Dawn, TQs heir has to offer. A nice story without time consuming and boring dialogues and lots of action. I really hate it when in hack n slash games you have to spend 15 minutes talking to each NPC and if you skip then you dont know how to finish the quest.Fast paced action, lots of killing, lvling, loot farming and high replay value is what the genre is all about.I guess I will sum it up and just say that: Grim Dawn is the best aRPG hack n slash game on the market today. Invest your 25 bucks on it and you will most definitely not regret it. If you enjoyed TQ then this is the game for you!Good job Crate Entertainment!"
76561198109626512,Recommended,219990,12813602,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,AuxioS,realy nice game.can't wait for the full game to be released
76561198023825893,Recommended,219990,12957907,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dalren destroyer of worlds,amazing game with lot of potentiali want more!
,Recommended,219990,13504005,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cirdane,"Like a mix between Diablo 2 and Titanquest, lots of replayability even though the game isn't complete yet."
,Recommended,219990,15806558,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,alejmedina87,Very good looking game so far. Reminds me alot of titan quest.
,Recommended,219990,25360347,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Smee,"Fantastic game. Basically an improved Diablo 2 with dual classing. The customization that is possibly is huge. Replay value is vast in the game as well, so you'll get more than your money's worth."
76561198064285079,Recommended,219990,10609807,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ken Waifu,"Relatively solid ARPG for its early access state. 4 classes currently (with the ability to pick 2 on one character) with numerous skills, tons of randomly generated and static ""epic"" loot, a simple yet game enriching crafting system, and a dark, grimy feel to the world. Has hardcore as well as normal and ""veteran"", a harder, but more fruitful, modes to add some replayability even now. Working Multiplayer with a few known bugs. Great buy at $20 or less."
76561198028681204,Recommended,219990,12431162,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Hippo_Saurus-Rex,"great game, im extremely excited for this game to reach final status, it can definitely rival and in my opinion trump d3, and maybe even path of exile"
,Recommended,219990,9413426,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Drexciyian,Great ARPG from the makers of Titans Quest
76561197988947040,Recommended,219990,9439000,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,jtingley,Its Titans quest with a new skin
76561198058825336,Recommended,219990,10173863,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Zulu,"great game but it does need its multiplayers asap, there's only soo much grinding you can do solo... also updates should come atleast once or twice a month.but on a brighter note, this game is amazing... loving the way you can combine 2 class's, it opens up alot of kick♥♥♥♥♥;D can't wait to see what act 2 brings"
76561198096377604,Recommended,219990,11939875,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,tauren85,This game rocks.......Just get it....
76561198047827845,Recommended,219990,12454053,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,kind,"If you like your dungeon crawling aRPG games,  This is for you.  Being an avid Diablo player, a fan of Path of Exile, and Torchlite.  This game was a must for me to check,  glad I did."
,Recommended,219990,13235903,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,TheOnlyFury,"Fantastic game for fans of the genre. Those new to the genre may not be so forgiving of some early access bugs. If you love RPGs just for the thrill of looting and progressing, then this game is for you. Some nice. new takes on genre standards (like a decent physics engine and a health-regen mechanic that your character loses slowly from using) make this game a must-own for any RPG-ers library."
76561197976726188,Recommended,219990,13799899,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,YankeeBlueJeans,"Crate Entertainment, you da real MVPUpdate 2/25 so you still havent picked it up? You disgust me I cant even look at you right now."
76561197970829895,Recommended,219990,15818195,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Banhammer,"ARPG at it's finest.  I loved Titan Quest, and I love this more.  Every new build makes me want to make new characters just to try everything out.  My only gripe at the moment is I really want additional difficulties, but I suppose I can cut a very small dev team some slack."
76561198068088283,Recommended,219990,15851825,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Gregus Mazi,if u love diablo.You can buy this game.Really awesome.
,Recommended,219990,11414319,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Varyag,IMO best ARPG since D2. Such nostalgia feels.
,Recommended,219990,13507587,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Djb_gamez,"Grim Dawn? I can't say enough good about Grim Dawn, it's indevelopment? really, can't tell other than reaching the end of content after 80 episodes and they've just brought out the next lot! MORE EPISODES! Want to know more? follow my series as i play Grim Dawn on Hardcore Veteran!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=359949907watch the entire series athttp://youtube.com/djbgamez"
,Recommended,219990,13509601,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Halfæng,"Great game, my favourite of this style of game for sure."
,Recommended,219990,14799473,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mr Retro,This is a really solid title and a perfect example of what Early access should be. All the wanna be game developers should really take note from this title. Never once did I feel like the developers abandoned the game. As far as the gameplay it felt similar to path of exile. Graphics are great and the story is nice also. The game is worth the 25 bucks but if you can get it on sale its even better. I payed like 12 dollars and its worth every dime
,Recommended,219990,15606118,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Inkwaboom,This game is pretty amazing.
,Recommended,219990,19773255,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,iambabytin,I get attacked by 3 heroes and I'm not even in hardcore mode yet.I am never too powerful nor am I too underleveled for any dungeons or bosses.
76561198014949000,Recommended,219990,11442196,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,MF Panda,"Amazing game, can't wait for the complete one! :-)  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,219990,13409209,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,PassionateFire,Great spiritual successor to Titan Quest.
76561198020910148,Recommended,219990,9132290,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,SmugDoug,"Act 1 alone is amazing! It feels as though Grim Dawn is on the road to being something special, a real top quality action Rpg!Theres plenty to get your teeth into here. I purchased this unaware of how my experience with Grim Dawn would be, I can certainly say I have no regrets, and It'll be very exciting to play in the due time of development.So far.. much appreciation Grim Dawn devs"
76561198142494499,Recommended,219990,13661491,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,F.Y.M._HeLLBiLLy,great game plenty of action good drops trying to figure out how to craft items what level does that start
76561198028534672,Recommended,219990,15472818,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,White Dad,Everything that was missing from Diablo II is present in this game.
,Recommended,219990,15505441,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Shitty Wizard,"I wish i had more time to play this game. The system is very intersting, the faction is a great idea."
76561198026198665,Recommended,219990,15648815,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Shredmaster,Great game!
76561198079230571,Recommended,219990,9907327,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Tes0372,Have been playing RPG for 20 years. I love this game.Can't wait for the next update and even possibly expansionsI was a bit dubious at first but can honestly say i have had a lot of fun playing this one
,Recommended,219990,16529074,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mendiremen,Very good game.
76561198039889451,Recommended,219990,16552178,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Shin,"so impressed with the work that went into this game, you can really feel the devs care about what they are producing and give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the fan base that has supported them through early access. they have been releasing updates AHEAD of damn schedule and each one is hefty and full of content. This game rivals diablo for its throne and has one of the most unique and novel class systems ive seen.top notch"
,Recommended,219990,13965778,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,FishPhd,On my top 5 list of arpgs
,Recommended,219990,15411735,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,ancienthydra,"Huge fan of Titan Quest (and it's expansion). Builds upon the developers learnings from those titles to create one of my all time favourite ARPGs!+ Loads of replay value. LOADS.+ Familiar, yet engaging.+ (really) Grim. The anti-thesis of the Torchlight visual aesthetic."
,Recommended,219990,23191026,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,[Soft_Talker] Dr. Nasty,"Grim Dawn is the best Diablo-style ARPG on Steam. The only complaint I have is that you can't customize the look of your characters, which is pretty easy to get past with its phenomenal gameplay and world. The class system is my favorite in any ARPG i've ever played, letting you combine 2 classes and therefore enhancing replayability and build-variety greatly. The level design is excellent as-well, with many huge, sprawling and unique areas/dungeons. A more subtle thing about this game is the little design choices/fixes/nuances, where it feels like it fixed some basic, little annoyances from other Diablo-style games. Also, the load times are extremely quick and you don't have to be connected online to play it.TL;DR: This game is awesome and you should buy it."
76561197961027892,Recommended,219990,9380151,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,critical_life,Like Titan Quest and Diablo had a love/hate child and this is it. Its gritty and bloody in all the right amounts. Can't wait for the full release.
76561198050935191,Recommended,219990,14819984,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,NathanielRyanJones,"To begin, I bought this game entirely because it listed one combo class as ""Witchhunter."" That was where my standards for this game sat when I loaded it up, knowing little beyond, ""Standard ARPG gameplay in world of GRIMDARK!""Despite my normal distaste for Diablo-type ARPGs, I actually rather like this game. It certainly plays up the grimdark, almost like a colonial-era Dark Souls with less subtlty, but it fits. The game looks like it's a few years old, but to be fair, it -is- an indie game, and nobody expects those to sacrifice a virgin child once a week to the Artifacted God Pixelithila, the Renderer, like Triple-A gaming does.That said, despite my like of the game, it -does- have problems. Firstly, the fact that the guns are kinda buggy. I keep clicking on the monster, and if you do it too fast (like, say, you aggro'd 12 of them and are trying to hit one fast as you run for your life) or if you do it and don't apreciate the game enough (seriously, it kept happening at random) then the game has your pistol-toting spell-slinger run right up to the Beholder-knockoff and try to give him a nice big hug. Another big problem with this game is the lag. My laptop is a massively overpowered Alienware that runs my copy of Skyrim with over 300 mods, more than a third of which are (often conflicting) HD mods, and it only slows down on that when I do something stupid like summon 90 Dragons at once. This game, on the other hand, bogs it down whenever I move too fast or draw too many enemies or even at random, and combined with the first issue, that's kind of a problem. The last issue, which probably runs right next to the above, is the sheer memory this thing sucks up. One. Million. Kilobytes. Yes. Also, AVG seems to think it's a virus. I don't know why, but just letting everyone know.Now, with all said and done, I do like this game, and I want as many people to buy it as possible so that the devs can get the dosh to fix these issues, and so you should go buy it. Now. Right now. Do you not see that nice green button up there? Click it and give them your money so they can finish this thing already!"
76561198045381930,Recommended,219990,10999823,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ampere,This gam is everything what Diablo3 and POE trying to be.I like it. It is like Titan quest but more bleakly. I love it.
,Recommended,219990,15037627,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Jerot,"If you enjoy the classic diablo/ARPG experience, and have tried games like Titan Quest, Path of Exile, or Torchlight, this game will fit in with your collection just fine. They are a little slow to update, but you can really see the love they put into the game. Its a great spiritual successor to TQ and has many of the features and themes I loved from it, packaged into an entirely new setting.Definitely worth a shot if you're into ARPGs."
76561197971002504,Recommended,219990,15777335,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,stigmaxl,"One of the best ARPG's in existence with exquisite balance and tuning. The multiclass skill system is a lot of fun to play with and I have yet to tire of playing around with ideas. The level design and the mob design is varied with lots of challanges. The game definitly has a backpedal and you will likely not find yourself feeling overpowered for any long period of time in the game.I know this might discredit this as a valid review, but the sound track is awesome and immersive! The audio is one of the best parts in the game as it keep you moving with the pace of combat and it helps keep everything intense! When you let go of combat and stop pushing forward with combat the music lets up to give you the contrast of just how crazy combat was at the moment. Anyway, enough about that.If you are hunting for a super-fun arpg with lots of loot and replay-ability... hell even if not... just buy this game. This group of developers is delivering on what they promised."
76561198136061320,Recommended,219990,11527247,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Noths,"I love it! its like titan quest but a lot darker, I played it for couple of hours now and my mind is blown. Keep up the good work!"
76561198063120601,Recommended,219990,13533077,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Squirting Elephant,"This review is based on the few hours I played it, once they add more content I will change my review accordingly.The gameplay from its skill-system, multiclassing and the way loot is implemented is very similar to Titan Quest. The graphics are a  bit static but look wonderful though they tend to be too much on the bright side, perhaps darkening it a bit would suit the atmosphere better. The music could perhaps use a bit of work it does not match the intensity of the battles or atmosphere very well. There were a few crashes that occurred but nothing too bad.They have quite an extensive number of options that affect both graphics and gameplay. One gameplay option for example is a loot filter that is helpful in finding items by rarity and not displaying anything under the standard you set it to, unlike some similar games (yes I'm looking at you, Path of Exile) and many other very useful options that I missed in similar games.If you loved Titan Quest then there is a big chance that you will love this game as well.Balance:Farming the Lieutenants in the Folr Hills, grants you insane loot drops and exp, perhaps too rewarding in comparison to the rest of the game. They also spawn closely to the entrance and die in a few seconds which makes them incredibly quick to farm for epic loot.I played the Arcanist and went pure glass cannon. Everything just dies instantly vs Albrechts Ray + extra damage vs beasts gear, in act 3. The build requires a lot of energy regen gear and 1 point in Mirror of Ereoctes to tank any boss for 2 seconds (if required or if I was too lazy to dodge/kite) was more than enough.But it plays a bit... Weird...In other similar games like, let's say Path of Exile again, I need like 500+ hours before I become a true god however in this game I need 3. Becoming god after 3 hours is due to the limited content in the game, once you find a good farming spot for drops it becomes easily unbalanced for the rest of the game, hopefully they fix the loot drops and balance it out better. It should not be useless to kill regular mobs.Conclusion:I reached the end of the content after 8.8 hours... That's including like 2.5 hours of afk time. It's early access but I did expect a bit more. I even went through the game slowly so I could make sure I didn’t miss any content.Once they add 4-5x more content compared to the current state of the game it will become a worthwhile hack and slash. Just make sure you don't buy the early access for the full price unless you plan to support their development in the really early phases. For a hack'n'slash game I expect at least 50-150 hours of gameplay with different classes and difficulties before I reach the 'true' endgame as a 'god'. And not after like.. 3 hours and everything I touch dies. But once the other acts and difficulties are added that may change and the loot along with enemies is rebalanced that may change.This review has been edited and reviewed by Falem."
,Recommended,219990,15482511,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,BlackEquinox,I keep seeing every other top down RPG I've ever played but instead of feeling re-hashed these elements seem to feel reinvented. The music is perfect. After playing the first 30 minutes I'm a little excited. This could be a really good game.
76561197993288796,Recommended,219990,15624118,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Skutch Henks,Overall it's fantastic fun but would really like to see cloud saves implemented. I'm finding myself going back to RPG's that allow access to my saved  games from multiple PC's
76561198136042534,Recommended,219990,15736218,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Chaos Divine,"Actually I wanted to write a really long review for this, but I'll stick with what I'll do now:Having played Diablo, PoE and Titan Quest, I can safely say that this game is Titan Quests successor (oh wonder) and is certainly a great alternative to the other two big arpgs.The scenery is great, the effects are cool and the ability to build a class like you want it to, like just focusing on a single skill and maxing all of its keystones/upgrades or making a hybrid version by maxing several parts of several skills, keeps this game's replayability at an all time high. Hell, you can even make hybrid classes, which gets closer to PoE in build customization than to Diablo. There are a lot of secret areas to find and killing bosses or just finding random hero mobs is tons of fun, especially because of the loot pinatas. When you kill a hero or a boss mob they will drop loot and a loot pinata (spoils, grand spoils, heroic spoils, etc) which you can smash to get the main part of your loot.All in all this game deserves a shot.If you loved Titan Quest this is a must buy for your.If you like arpgs you should consider trying this out.I find myself enjoying this Game again and again. Rating: 8,5/10"
76561198007617002,Recommended,219990,16478320,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DontUltiMeBro,"classic arpg, just what i wanted."
,Recommended,219990,16533192,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Waffen,"Considering I wrote this when it was in early access almost a year ago, I feel like I should come back to this review and emphasise that the game has only gotten better since then, and is not fully completed.The graphics are lovely, the story is standard fare but well-told and the premise draws you in instantly. The action and gameplay, being the most important part of a game in this genre, are both top of their class in my opinion. I can fully recommend it and I am glad I chose to invest in it early.A success story in game development and I hope there will be more content for Grim Dawn, whether an expansion or a new game that further expands on the setting."
76561198066820348,Recommended,219990,34578681,Posted: 29 August,all,Mystegan,"Good atmopshere and customization, A bit lovecraftian. A very fleshy and intriguing ARPG( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)  9.3/10"
76561197966423083,Recommended,219990,21560007,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Amaterasu,What a great game this turned out to be.  If I could send my pet back to town to sell items it would be the best version of Diablo / Torchlight I have ever played.  The many ways you can build your avatar's skills is actually a little mind blowing.  I can't believe this game only cost 24 dollars.  I had more fun with in in 3 hours than I had in all the time I spent with Diablo 3.
76561198115500793,Recommended,219990,23963892,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Renovatio,This is what Diablo 3 should have been like in my opinion.
,Recommended,219990,18437292,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Ikhernofret,Titan Quest to Path of Exile total conversion mod. 10/10
,Recommended,219990,21583536,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Theodosius,"I have been playing tons of games, and one of my favourite things is exploring the unknown. Revealing the map for the first time in Civilisation (1 that is) must have created that craving. Or was it playing Elite on the BBC? So yes, I am a grognard, the grizzled traveller who has come along afar.RPG's have been another aspect of gaming that I have been loving for a long time. Starting with ye good ole paper and dice variety, up to ARPG's and CRPG's now. And over the last few months and weeks I have been playing Grim Dawn and it is such great fun. The classes and skills, the feel that I liked in games like Tita's Quest and Diablo, the fun and charm of the likes of Torchlight or Van Helsing. A great variety of options to build a character is really good fun, and finding good combinations to make that character unique is a rare experience in an ARPG. I do love rich stories and plots and this is an aspect where Grim Dawn might be a bit less tremendous and fantastic but it is an ARPG after all, and taking that into account it is alright.So time for me to start thinking, what do I wish to build next. Perhaps a Blademaster, focus on the Soldier skills? But finding a Legendary can spark the need to change up, and reassign skills to complement the skill granted by it."
,Recommended,219990,29591396,Posted: 30 January,all,Silent.Anguish,"Simply amazing. Though it looks dated and lacks the production value/polish of a lot of other ARPGs, it's underlying systems and combat is better than Diablo or PoE. The game has character and genuinely interesting story and characters."
76561198029361840,Recommended,219990,23454755,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,SGP,"I can't get into most ARPGs like Path of Exile and Titan Quest. Because usually the combat mechanics just don't feel that nice or the classes are uninspiring. Grim Dawn on the other hand is surprisingly good !- The combat is fun and impactful !- The loot drops are paced well .- The environments are pretty .If you're looking for a good ARPG to party up and play with friends, buy this game! It's definitely worth $25."
76561197992864440,Recommended,219990,21756285,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,KillaBee,Ever play Grim Dawn on weed man?
,Recommended,219990,10941274,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,fusion101,"Starts off slow like any ARPG then scales up to full glory, more fun than D3 which I have played till my eyes bleed. I made it to level 20 and cleared the first act. I highly recommend this to everyone that loves ARPGs."
76561198043844070,Recommended,219990,14553266,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,⇞eok,Cant wait till full release.
,Recommended,219990,22873404,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DatBrownKid,A well done game.Much better than diablo 3.
,Recommended,219990,23107788,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Tuska122,Amazing ARPG bringing back the classic feel of Diablo 2 and Titan Quest. I recommened for everyone.
,Recommended,219990,10948577,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,youngbull15,"Grim1.stern and admitting of no appeasement or compromise: grim determination; grim necessity.2.of a sinister or ghastly character; repellent: a grim joke.3.having a harsh, surly, forbidding, or morbid air: a grim man but a just one; a grim countenance.4.fierce, savage, or cruel: War is a grim business.It is a wonderful four letter word and they did a good job building a world dream scape around it.Did you look at the images? Grim Dawn oozes masterful art that builds ombionce. You cant hear the music until you buy the game but it is spot on for the intended mood. You will become overwhelmed by foes and run for your life. This is a good thing.AAA content that is as of this writing incomplete ( two of three chapters completed ) with bugs to muck things up.I want more and will spend more for it. Thank you Steam and Crate Entertainment for this gem of a game."
76561198059924552,Recommended,219990,13508044,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SeanyBoy1982,"As a huge fan of the developers previous gem Titan Quest there was very little doubt in my mind that I would enjoy Grim Dawn. It's taked some time but Im happy to say that most of the pieces are there and the games is a blast to play! The class system has yet to be properly fleshed out and the ""blockades"" in the main story quest are a little frustrating (especially when you are having as much fun as I have with the game) but these are to be expected in a early access game.Considering that this is early access you will be buying into an exceptional future for this already great game! Simply put: ""did you enjoy Titan Quest? Are you interested in a post-apocalyptic version on Titan Quest?"" You cant go wrong with buying Grin Dawn"
,Recommended,219990,11093995,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dave,is a good gaem 9/11
76561197982935367,Recommended,219990,11847402,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Captain Shitfaced,"Found an item called ""Soiled Trousers"". Now i can ""Throw Feces"" at enemies dealing Poison Damage.10/10EDIT:Just edited this for the Steam Badge Thingy. Haven't played in ages, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of new stuff. Gonna dive into it again and write a complex review in the Future.But i can say this:Give these developers your Money, srsly. You can get it in the Humblebundle for the price you pay for it on steam and you get other games and support Charity. Go for it!"
76561198004431735,Recommended,219990,9412311,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,feldor,"Not that polished as like Diablo is and not sure about the future of this game, but I like it so far and the price (for an early access) is pretty good. This also has a lot of content already. Way under 20 euros not too bad. In my opinion though, it would need multiplayer in the future, so without it, hard to tell how this will succeed.Some of the music is not that great, but opinions can differ.Anyway, if you like these kind of games - I call it Diablo style again - you probably enjoy it. Already very playable, can't say the same with some other Early Access games..16,74 euros is quite a good price, but not any higher, atm.. Still, paid more on some other games not this good."
76561197974735696,Recommended,219990,23739105,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Viper,This is the DIablo 3 that the fans deserve.
76561198016159967,Recommended,219990,10947375,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bloodsworth,"Diablo 3, 60 dollars. Diablo 3 expansion pack, 40 dollars. Finally owning a game that allows me to never play Diablo 3 again... priceless. If you didn't like the skills in Diablo 3 and you want synergies like D2, look no further. The graphics are amazing too. Good bye Blizzard. I'm a Crate fanboy now."
,Recommended,219990,10959839,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,VolkNasty,"I am very happy with this perchase. Great game so far, I look forward to more exploration. The first 10 levels were pretty easy, but now the mobs are getting more difficult so thats great news. The game is also running very well considering its still under development. If you like ARPGs then pick this game up. I got it 50% off during summer sale which makes it even better."
,Recommended,219990,13507815,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Eralebus,"One of the best action rpg's i've played, and the devs listen to the payer base. Take Titan Quest, make the setting grimmer (haha) and almost Diablo'esqe (d1 and d2:lod) with a great set of viable skills and items."
76561198033159944,Recommended,219990,9500677,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,GrudgeBearer,"absolutely amazing, ive played this game straight since i bought it, i cant wait for the game to finalize!!!!!though the saving part of the game needs some attention yet"
,Recommended,219990,9507878,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Enraged999,"Grim Dawn = A.K.A The Best ARPG in a long a$$ time. This game is downright amazing. I am currently playing in Alpha with Act II unlocked. For a game that is not finished, wow is all I have to say. I love the classes, although cant wait for more!, the weapons & armor, the items, the quests, the fact that when you actually roam the map you find treasure and sometimes it can be better than a boss fight. I am looking forward for more to come. I have told all my old ARPG friends about this game and we cannot wait to play COOP! I must say CONGRATS to the Dev's for their work. Kickstarter has given us the ablilty to help these guys out and they have come thru on their promise to make a great game. Awesome gritty and dark colors, animations, deaths.  I dont know what else a 34 yr old man could ask for. I have been gaming since the days of Diablo, D2, the orginal TQ and the Exp. Those were great games... This is a great game. There havent been much of good games like this since TQ came out. Thank you thank you for letting us play your game and help shape the future of it on steam. I am usually not one for putting money down on games that arent out yet, and this was my first one. I am so glad I did. I am pumped to have my hour a day to play (dont wanna cruise thru cause its gonna be a long wait for the finished game) It is very hard to not keep playing for days on end and get everything though. Great Job Guys. Great job. To anyone reading this, I highly recommend trying this game out, even though its not done. Go and BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,219990,9493518,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,ChaosTerror,Really good game.Love it :). Highly recommended
,Recommended,219990,10941117,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,XXlerator,If you liked Titan Quest(: Immortal Throne) then you will certainly love Grim Dawn. Being its spiritual successor the developers of Grim Dawn are working together with the fanbase to creating what will likely be one of the greatest ARPG's. As we speak content generated based on fans' request is being added and the end (or even the release) is not yet in sight. I can't wait to see this game in its full form.
,Recommended,219990,10801100,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,{TGC}Fr33,!!!!!This is a early access review will change when the game is complete!!!!!What can be said about this gem...........................A game that takes after alot for other games but make it better like Diablo 2 and 3 and took all the good form the games and started making a better game that called this game.The game goes in depth with class system that you can change up really nicely like a markesman with a engineer background etc...... the game is really steampunk and magic with zombies and demons that are really nicely done. The game feels like a full game which many Early Acess games don't have the content to do this but this game will keep you happy for a while. The Music OST and the imression of the sounds in the game are well done and really feels like the hell is coming..........In all Grim Dawn is a nice peice of well crafted RPG games put together would recommend getting it before full release.Pros:- Well done level designs and game play- Great custom option for character class- Enemies are scary in numbers and challanging- The music OST is really nice and creepy- lots of lore and enemy backstoriesCons:- It's not finished- Clunky but alright-< In all i would recommend getting the game because is awesome and will always make you feel entertained >-
76561198025016530,Recommended,219990,10956049,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,johnnypollen,"Buy it while it's on sale. Well-written, excellent and diverse gameplay, and enough post-apocalyptic Diablo fun to keep even the dreariest and most miserable people entertained. (Also, good fun for those of us with a lighter disposition.)If it's not on sale while you're reading this, consider buying it anyway - very much worth it."
76561198087488263,Recommended,219990,29667882,Posted: 3 February,all,Paralytic,"I honestly could play this game for hours, days, weeks no end. I love the game play and everything about the way you choose your class. The mix and match is pretty intriguing and trying a lot of different mtach-ups and builds is what makes this game good. I enjoy the grindy feel to the game. Played PoE a lot and this is definitely similar but a lot better. Would recommend playing it with friends; very enjoyable."
,Recommended,219990,19965571,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Asperyules,"I've been following this game since the Kickstarted campaign started. I normally don't buy EA titles but after the ""Content Complete"" update I just couldn't resist.This is a masterpiece, this is what an ARPG should be.Unlimited skill customization, amazing character progression, well done loot system, extensive lore, great physics and hit feeling.9.5/10P.S. Even on christmas day, devs released a hotfix. They're working all the time and I suggest you to check their website, they actually care about their players and implement any wanted features or suggestions. They deserve a lot better, help them out fellow gamers."
,Recommended,219990,29494694,Posted: 25 January,all,Chronic Boom,"Somewhat what Diablo 3 should have been.Play this with the old Diablo 1 + 2 soundtrack and you will feel pure nostalgia.Besides single player this is also a lot of fun in multiplayer with friends.Nothing beats the good ol days of hacking and slashing your way through all the various dungeons, caves and mines, discover secret tunnels and hunt for the legendaries.Classes and builds bring diversity into this game and you soon find yourself trying out various class combinations and builds.I  highly recommend this game to any ARPG fan."
,Recommended,219990,19599643,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,One of my favorite games and an early access success story!A 2nd Look at the finished game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikGMDiokwwUA non-biased quick look @ the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pe_BvD5y-RgI've been holding out playing this game for over a year and it's payed off! The game is everything we could hope for in an ARPG.
,Recommended,219990,21266232,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,🐨Skankhunt42🐨,"I don't always die when fighting a boss in Grim Dawn.  But when I do it takes me 15 minutes to run back!Don't die my friends, don't die!"
,Recommended,219990,17984749,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,America Has A Problem #LasVegas,"TL;DR: A+ | Grim Dawn is sexy. Lots of shiny loot and foes to explode into a bloody mist. For only 25$, it promises hours of addictive dungeon crawling fun.Grim Dawn is one of the most addicting ARPGs you'll play on Steam.There is much offered here: atmosphere, lore, phat loot, a simple-yet-robust skill tree/stat system, and plenty of Action Role Playing Gaming to go around.Atmosphere>>The world of Cairn is painted as a desolate place pushed past the brink of a destructive extinction. Lands are varied in their construction: from dry fields, to swampy meadows, to dank dungeons and haunted ruins (and more), every act offers a multitude of wellcrafted areas to explore, farm and quest in. Not only is there variation, but every level is relatively large in size. There's -lots- of content here. There's also really good music.Sounding somewhat gothic, most of the instrumentals used set the mood of Cairn appropriately. Everything feels dark and helpless, yet at the same time there's enough tempo/rock to reinforce that you're a badass battling hordes of zombies..and WINNING. So while the ambience may be grim, there's also a twinge of hope. I thought the music was really effective.Lore>>If you appreciate a good story, you'll really enjoy the writing in Grim Dawn.If you're a mid-20s gamer like me, you probably played many RPGs on the PSX and the SNES/N64. One thing I miss alot about those games is that they never really had voice acting. You had to read what they said--so effectively you were playing an animated book.Grim Dawn doesn't really use any voiceovers except for combat sounds and phrases. I actually think this adds to the charm of the game. I always feel that with any kind of visual art, a percentage of what is produced for the viewer should be left to be made within the viewer's own mind. Being able to read through quests and journal entries and not hear someone read it for me allows for a much more immersive experience in regards to the backdrop of Cairn. The stories are dark and ominous, filled with political intrigue, blood, torture, lust and murder. If you've read The Sword of Truth or Game of Thrones series, you'll find the lore in Grim Dawn addicting. Sometime at the beginning of Act 3, I began wishing that they would release a Grim Dawn novel. I'd buy it.I read a comment that said this game didn't have much lore to offer; I couldn't disagree more. The Survivors of Burrwitch,  The Survivors of Homestead, The Amalgamation and The Herald, The Investigations of Inquisitor Creed, An Arkovian History, The Torture of Uroboruuk,The Prison of Warden Krieg, the battle between The Order of Death's Vigil and Kymon's Follower--these are just some of the journal entries you'll collect throughout the world; you get the idea! LOTS of stuff here to read and enjoy.Phat Loot>>You can't not fill up your inventory in 20 minutes in this game. It's impossible to go broke/not have gear/not have materials to craft. Everything is vendorable and almost everything except rare components is purchasable.The gear, depending on rarity, will also have various stats and spells attached to it. Some items will give you the ability to cast a fireball or summon a pillar of lightning from the sky, others will allow you to repulse enemies or lay pools of poison at their feet should they attack you. The gear is buff and it definitely feels rewarding whenever you finally pull a nice upgrade from a tough mob that you've been dying to.You may also craft gear at the Blacksmith starting in Act 3, but be ready to spend lots of iron bits and scrap metal. The Blacksmith is the brother of RNGesus, so you may either get a semi-decent item or an AMAZING item when one clicks the ""combine"" button on the Blacksmithing menu. With the availability of scrap and iron bits in the game though, you can go out and farm for an hour or two and have a considerable amount of resources to play with in order to get something exceptional.Skills/Stats>>There are 3 basic stats in the game: Physique, Cunning, Spirit--upon getting enough XP to complete a level, you earn 1 point that is allocatable to one of these. Physique offers HP, HP Regen, Higher Armor Class, and Critical Hit Avoidance; Cunning increases your specialized melee/ranged damage types (Bleeding, Piercing, Internal Trauma), Accuracy, and Critical Hit Chance; Spirit increases your Energy(MP), Energy Regen, Bonus Magic Damage, Duration Modifier, and affinity with Enchanted Items. Apart from the 3 primary stats are numerous stats and modifiers related to gear. These are too varied to list here, but these are only affected by gear and skill selection and are not innate to your character but only to the class you choose.There are 6 classes to choose from: Arcanist, Shaman, Soldier, Demolitionist, Occultist, Nightblade. Each specializes in a weapon type or element type (all can use -any- weapon they desire, classes just have skills that give them proficiencies in certain weapon types over others). From summing massive beasts made of bramble and thorns, to drowning your opponents in pools of flame, piercing them with shards of aetherial energy, or cleaving crowds of manticores in two with a massive two-handed sword.. Grim Dawn fills any niche you desire.Your class isn't chosen at Character selection. Instead, you're allowed to select your class from the skill tree by pressing C and allocating points into any skill tree you want. You can select a second class after level 10 (if you wish). Every class has about 5-6 skill paths, sometimes more, each path with 3-6 skills each. You can mix and match from any skill path, so long as a skill that you want doesn't require another skill in its path that you don't have any points in.I prefer to do minimalistic builds when I play ARPGs, so most of my emphasis on my character is in Passive stats/aurus with only 2 real skills that I use consistently. However, you can craft your character just like an MMO if you wish and have all 10 keys on your hotbar occupied.ARPG>>This game is an ARPG at its very core. Isometric camera, a dark world, plenty of dungeon crawling/roguelike (although if you have a rift open, you don't need to start dungeons over from the very beginning upon death), rich story, tons of atmosphere. If you enjoyed Baldur's Gate, Sacrifice, Divinity, Diablo, Ultima Online, Elder Scrolls, etc. You will enjoy Grim Dawn.ConclusionWorth every penny. If it had a full price sticker ($59.99), it'd still be worth every cent..and then some. Support Crate and buy a copy today!"
76561197964918885,Recommended,219990,10951895,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mikey,So far this game seems great.  I think it will be more enjoyable than Diablo 3
76561198041108461,Not Recommended,219990,24747393,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Kuriousjorj,"Mediocre game, and mediocre isn't good enough.Lazy difficulty design, especially at Elite onwards.  Just making bosses w/ a bunch of 1-hit-kill moves.  Lazy, phoned in, and nothing special.Very little variety in powers and builds; if you want to progress, everyone will make the same 1 build for each class.  Very boring and simplistic in those regards."
76561198116180055,Recommended,219990,12482293,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,BoB*,good Diablo like ! titan quest s players will be happy
76561198034284941,Recommended,219990,9375679,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,ÑîṊĵáḂòҰ X,"Grim Dawn is a very good hack and slash and as an old Titan Quest fan I really waited a long time until it finally releasted.The atmosphere is very dark, which is pretty good for a game like this and the balance between the player and the monsters and as well btween the classes is exelente, when you thought about the fact, that it is still in the alpha.The best things from TQ are in it (like the 2-classes-system) and some cool new ideas are there, too.Bought it in alpha and still love it."
,Recommended,219990,10960079,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,bot2600,"Great start to a great game, anyone who loved Titan's Quest should definitely pick this up!"
76561198032110397,Recommended,219990,12491608,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,BitWyrm,Awesome.
,Recommended,219990,12691431,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Gas the Gnoblins,"[This is a family/child friendly review!]( * = washed down bad words not fit for innocent and pure eyes/ears)Early Access Review: Bash a zombie with bare fists, explodes violently.EDIT: Enemies still blow the *dingelydoo up when you slap them with bare hands (nightblade/demolitionist attack modifiers tested)"
76561197985194160,Recommended,219990,10634832,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,StEnO,"This game maybe early access, but it has a lot of potential. It is worth the great price during this summer sale!"
76561198049201323,Recommended,219990,21576079,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,nsenese2,"I kind of thought this game would never come out, worth the price now that it did."
76561197965864113,Recommended,219990,10850423,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Peacheslives,"Getting there, this might be a new favorite between larger diablo 3 updates."
76561197994239241,Recommended,219990,10937781,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,OMFG|^6Knackfuss,Maybe next TitanQuest :)Hope so. Its worth supporting it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr2SWXlZvoQ&list=PLlSP0atOCBGN_mnyKxdFQoiyJo78Bua6y&index=4
,Recommended,219990,10946992,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Trick1961,Got in on this one in early Alpha and it just keeps getting better and better with each update.
,Recommended,219990,12450427,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,jeromy_j,Its the perfect blend of Diablo 3 and Titan quest.
76561197970627350,Recommended,219990,10892420,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Deylan,I must say this game has definately met my expectations. I only wish the builds would come faster as I want to keep on playing.
76561198120134131,Recommended,219990,30614341,Posted: 19 March,all,Havelock,"+ an excelent diablo-like - especially if you pick demolitionist. refreshing!+ engaging story- NO ENDING. literally no ending. I'll still gladly buy the second part if they ever do it, but god damn, I do not ask for a cutsceen, but a couple of stills with text would me nice..."
,Recommended,219990,30592719,Posted: 18 March,all,James,"I love this game but i haven't played too too much of it due to being busy, the handcrafted world feels like it has had love and care put into it with all the lore and secrets + all the little details it's truly amazing. It's been a long time since a game kept me thinking just 5 more mins then it being 3 hours later, like damn this game is a near masterpiece. 9/10 from me :)"
76561198003982664,Recommended,219990,30595008,Posted: 18 March,all,Androclez,"Great ARPG, has lots of atmosphere and fun gameplay. Reminds me of the Diablo 2 era."
76561198347141464,Recommended,219990,30618845,Posted: 19 March,all,fejamart1,"Get this one. It's worth every penny you invest on it.Great graphics, strange and charming dark scenaries, lots of action and great character customization.This is a wonderfully designed and crafted game with a decent story and many surprises.You'll love it.Buying it with a 50% discount or with no discount it's still a bargain to seriously consider acquiring. Go for it!"
,Recommended,219990,30635953,Posted: 20 March,all,Thee_Thomsen,"Grim Dawn has been through a lot but the devs has seen it all the way to the end and delivered a great ARPG. It is certainly not without its flaws or smaller annoyances but I personally feel that they are overshadowed by all the great things the game has to offer one of which is LOOT. I really like the loot system in this game as it offers plenty of variance in stats and what it can offer in terms of building your character.Then there is the dual class system. Those who have played Titan Quest will feel right at home here.On the negative side i can only recall a few issues. One is animations, it gets the job done but just barely, voice acting is also very bad but there is not that much of it to begin with. Multiplayer is clearly a second thought and has its issues when playing with randoms though i do appreciate the fact that it is there to play with friends. Last but not least, performance can take a nose dive on occasions even on a system with something like a GTX 1070 and 6 gen intel i7.In the end i find the game to be excellent and a success. Very rarely do you see the Early access program produce something so well put together, minus the few flaws i mentioned, and Crate Interactive deserves some praise for it. This game i feel is worth its asking price."
,Recommended,219990,30615683,Posted: 19 March,all,WNxManiacMan,"My favorite ARPG and I've played... ehm, all of them? Most of them at least. It's like Titan Quest had a baby and it's simply amazing."
,Recommended,219990,19476470,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lucidity: The White Wolf,"Long Story Short: Buy it.If you found Diablo 3 too easy, with it's over-generous loot and overpowered critical scaling; this is definitely the game for you. Play Diablo 3 long enough, and you start to think you *are* a demi-god. You'll be shown no such mercy in Grim Dawn. It's a soldier's life, and it's tough.The game is a little easy on normal mode; but you can scale up to veteran for an extra boost in mobs, champions and phat lewtz.Even though it's still in early access, I am amazed by the detail in Grim Dawn; the landscapes are breathtaking; the maps are mazelike and complex, and the gameplay is fast-paced, energetic and intense.I can't comment much on the story, as I'm still caught up in side-quests and exploring, but from what i've seen; there's a lot of attention to detail in every aspect of this game, and if you want an immersive experience; this is definitely worth a shot.I can't wait to see what else Crate Entertainment has in store with future updates to this, because I have a feeling this could go big."
,Recommended,219990,24771389,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SAMPI,Its what Diablo 3 should of been!
,Recommended,219990,30436861,Posted: 10 March,all,JollyOgre,Absolutely love this ARPG.  Amazing setting and a lot of fun theorycraft.  A true and worthy successor to Titan Quest.
,Recommended,219990,30566522,Posted: 17 March,all,Liang Dinghao,"GOOD GAME！Unfortunately, there is no creative workshop, download mods inconvenient！--I do not understand English, I use google translation"
,Recommended,219990,30570107,Posted: 17 March,all,Tshcktall,"Just buy it. It's the best hack and slay out there, you can get. And it's not even expensive.If you loved Diablo 2 and hated Diablo 3, Grim Dawn is the game for you."
76561197981901875,Recommended,219990,30576772,Posted: 17 March,all,Regirn,If you like any game in the vein of Diablo or Path of Exile you will absolutely love this game.  The character development in this game is absolutely top notch.  I and many others would gladly pay a tripple A price tag even for it.  For the price it can't be beat!  Don't let this game fall through the cracks snag it today!
,Recommended,219990,30584030,Posted: 17 March,all,Redstar,"So far this game is great (2+ hours in). I disagree that it's just like Diablo 2, I think it combines elements of both Diablo 2 and Diablo 3, along with it's own unique blend of gameplay to make for an overall better expierience than Diablo 3. I personally like the world better. One thing about D3 that I despised were the desert levels, this keeps with a beautiful fall ""autumn"" type kind of dark and gloomy levels that I love!Pros:Everything that was good about Diablo 2 and 3 combinedBeautiful levelsVaried chracter developmentNice music and atmospheric effectsCons:I had odd graphical glitches with my nVidia Geforce GTX 970, had to disable Anti Aliasing to correct. No big deal."
76561197964373272,Recommended,219990,19633840,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Ninjazz,"Simply a must for any ARPG fan.Recently started a play of the game on hardcore mode, if you'd like to see it in action:https://youtu.be/mTZXRGHJ1pkThis little gem is pretty easily overlooked, yet I would say easily stands among the top ARPGs of all time.Crate Entertainment has many of the vets from Titan Quest, and from what I've heard the game is running an enhanced version of the TQ engine, complete with the hilariously fun physics. (Which is not bad at all, if you look at how amazingly well TQ has aged.)The pedigree shows here. The game is solid, and well polished. It includes many of the features you'd like to see in games of this sort as well.Love ARPGs and multiplayer, but sick of other players grabbing all the good loot? Turn on instanced looting and it won't be a problem anymore. Everyone gets their own drops. Brilliant. You can even turn off all PVP and automatically put joining players in your party if you fancy the more coop style play; or keep it on if that's what you prefer.Unlike certain other AAA titles, GD won't force you to go through the pathetically easy difficulty settings to unlock the next harder mode. You can start playing in veteran mode right off the bat, even with hardcore. (Though to get above that you will need to beat the campaign.)The story is about as good as you'd expect for an ARPG. It has an interesting mix of things that if nothing else, give you a decent reason to go about slaughtering hordes of enemies.The game does shake things up a bit to it's credit though. There are certain big bosses that may or may not spawn in your game (it's a chance thing, it seems), and their level scales, meaning you're going to be in for a fight no matter what level you try to take them on. There are secret areas, side quests, even secret people hiding out there that you can rescue and send back to your ""base camp"" which may lead to other quests or options in the future.I stumbled across a man in the desert who asked me to avenge him, found the guy who he wanted me to kill, but instead of killing him and stealing his money, listened to his side of the story, and actually sided with him. He ended up showing up later in the game as a vendor for me because of it.There are many little details and subtle things like that in the game, where seemingly little choices you make will have an impact on the game world. I love the way this makes the game world feel a touch more dynamic.Customization is great as well. While you can't change your character's appearance much other than being a male or female, that's not a huge deal since you're gonna be suited up in all kinds of armor anyways. Skills and such are laid out in a very similar fashion to Titan Quest, if you've ever played that. (And if you haven't, you really should.) Meaning you can pick and choose how you upgrade your skills with a certain degree of freedom, and from level 10 on, you can even mix and match with skills from a second class.On top of that, there's the huge devotion system to further kit out your character, and turn them into a horde slaying machine. (Something you'll be doing a lot of on higher difficulties, as swarms of enemies are plentiful.)Aesthetically the game is quite dark and gritty. At first I was a bit put off by the whole Victorian styling and setting, it's quite unique and almost... weird. The more I played it though, the more I found myself enjoying it. It is different, and in this case, different is good.TL/DR:With a fairly lengthy campaign, and a substantial amount of polish, you've got yourself easily one of the best, yet least known Diablo rivals out there. (Personally I'd take GD over D3 any day of the week.) And coming in at only $25? What's not to love?"
76561197971019068,Recommended,219990,19547215,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,gapper4,"Dark, extremely gory, and full of despair, this is what Diablo III could (should ?) have been. The devs nailed the combat; movement is fluid and very responsive, weapon and spell effects are great, and characters feel quite powerful without being invulnerable. The overall art style is AAA-worthy -- amazing that the dev team consists of less than 10 people. The flesh explosions, in particular, should please even the most demanding gore hounds. I also liked the little snippets of text found in notes all over the game. Some are part of the main quest, but others are short stories of ordinary people caught in the Grim Dawn, and really flesh out the world. Speaking of the main quest, I found it a cut above most offerings in the genre. Instead of the Generic Big Evil that was awakened Greedy Mages, you have two warring factions and normal humans are squeezed between the two, just trying to survive and pull a miracle while the big guys aren't paying attention. Character customization is everything you'd hope for. It's deep, multi-layered, and detailed, with almost infinite variations of gear, including item sets (although the Legendaries are not in the game yet). Crafting is surprisingly deep -- wasn't expecting that at all -- and requires some planning in order to get the best upgrades. Finally, the music is first-rate, with some pieces good enough for stand-alone listening (if you're in a grim mood...)As a final bonus, I play the game in NVidia 3D Vision and it is absolutely beautiful right out of the box. No tweaking needed at all, max out the graphics, and enjoy watching the action as if it were happening right outside your window."
76561198016163814,Recommended,219990,30657268,Posted: 21 March,all,Deathsilver,"One of the best action RPG's I've played. Alot of freedom in class building and multiclassing (or not, its not required). Really good in co-op also. Reminds me of my days in Titan Quest and Diablo 2. Really recommended!!"
76561198122877656,Recommended,219990,22696330,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,VaultManiac,Great game. It plays alot like diablo but I prefer the post apocolyptic look. Been playing since beta and its really come along and turned into a pollished game.
76561198009731939,Recommended,219990,24703332,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Juh-Zjuhn-joon,"Titan quest re-skin, yet so enjoyable it hurts"
,Recommended,219990,24815225,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Lvchaos,Titan's Quest of Exile.
76561198009513269,Recommended,219990,27013539,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,R107,Fans of titan quest will feel right at home in the world of grim dawn.
76561197998031948,Recommended,219990,24402779,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,tr1ckyf1sh,"Diablo/Titan Quest with a Grimdark setting, whats not to like?Not the prettiest game ever created, but if you enjoy dungeon crawlers with loot explosions and numerous character builds to try out this game is for you. Easily worth the price of admission in my opinion."
76561198027785846,Recommended,219990,22382108,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ChaosRepeated,"I love this game.It feels like what I wanted Diablo 3 to be originally.I feel like it excels Diablo 3 even after Reaper of Souls and the Season updates.The amount of customization, different item drops, lore, repeatable questions, factions, music, art and skils this offers' is what makes Grim Dawn the best game of this particular genre.Another key thing it has. The best thing infact. Unlike some other games (cough diablo cough) there are no single player, always online, lag spike character deaths."
,Recommended,219990,22187805,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,BlowitAllUp,"Best ARPG as of this review. I've been looking for something similar to Titan Quest but nothing has come close. Other games in the same genre made me bored ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (Diablo 3, Torchlight, Path of Exile, etc.). Grim Dawn is the new standard. Two things I really love about the game is the rag doll physics and being able to combine two classes to make a new class."
76561197970357229,Recommended,219990,22228800,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Serrasalmus,"Great GameNot that far in, but can tell already that this is the game I wanted it to be.If you liked Dungeon Siege, Titan Quest and Diablo, dont hesitate. This is a great price and an awesome game.Play With everything Maxed in 4k with VERY fast processor and GTX980 x 2 SLI  - I get a few jitters in place...so maybe the the BEST optimised game.....but nothing that effects gameplay and only slows on the VERY odd occasion.I would imagine smaller res with high (not very high) settings...you wont have a huge problem."
76561197987353127,Recommended,219990,22110892,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,kfj001,"This is a damn refiend ARPG akin to Diablo 2 or Torchlight. Tight gameplay, integrated Steam Controller support, good graphics and sound, and cooperative multiplayer, you really would never know this is an indie game."
76561197980810881,Recommended,219990,22262204,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Sephiroth,"I like this game as something I can play in short intervals.What I like about Grim Dawn:+ so much customize+ make your build to play how you like, many options+ easy to pick up and just play+ controller support -- though you will need to configure+ environment is gritty, not cartoonish like Diablo 3+ guns+ pets+ maps are friggin enormous+ scale and amount of content is impressiveWhat I don't like about it:- although there is fast travel, walking a lot gets a little boring- enemy mobs become repetitive and predictable- needs more bosses and mid bosses- yuge amount of junk loot- controller setup required config, thankfully forum post helpedIf you do play with a controller go to the forum on grim dawn web site and read about the 2 modes. Also there are guides on how to set up default controller confiuguration."
76561198013131299,Recommended,219990,22184065,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Badandy-119,"This game is awesome.  It has everything I look for in an Hack and Slash RPG: A great soundtrack, a nice creepy atmosphere, hordes of interesting monsters, and the game makes you feel like a badass right off the bat.Also, I recently unlocked the equivalent to the Shield Bash and I'm enjoying knocking enimies off the screen at 200 MPH."
,Recommended,219990,22157232,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,BioZed,If you love POE or Diablo 2 GET THIS GAME
,Recommended,219990,22100907,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,undrentide,"Ive had my eye on Grim Dawn for a while, and finally took the plunge to try it on early access after seeing some very positive reviews and im glad i did.(Its now a fully released game btw). Its a game very similar to Diablo 3, transposed into a more Wild western setting although thats only noticeable in the hub town and first village you enter. If youve played and liked Diablo in any of its incarnations then youll find much to enjoy here.Your character starts out as a possessed person, about to be hung as a last resort to getting the spirit out of you...You somehow survive the ordeal and your first initial tasks are to help the villagers with quests ala World of Warcraft etc.The class system is top notch, and clearly a lot of thought has been put into the classes. As per usual you have your tanky melee type class, the caster class, support classs etc but where Grim Dawn excels is the fact you can mix the skills from two of the classes to create your own unique hybrid. For example ive taken on the Occultist class (kind of like a warlock with lots of Damage over time skills) and mixed it with a Shaman (2 handed melee with pet support) to create a Conjurer class. I now have a small army of pets that do most of my fighting for me while i stand back and throw out curses and gather loot!LOOT - yes theres lots of loot and again it follows the usual white,yellow,purple blue tiers from normal to epic and beyond. You have the ability to filter loot according to rarity - a good suggestion is to set it to magic and above so you just filter out the trash. Another thing that drops is crafting materials, and i like this system though you can fill up your inventory and stash rather quickly if you horde them. Materials of the same type initially can be combined together. On their own they confer bonuses such as added dmg, or dmg reduction to certain elements. The fun is when you combine 3 materials together and you get an added skill bonus you can then add to your skill palate. An example being, I had no ranged spells as a warlock preferring to pump my points into levelling my pets), so i gathered 3 searing ember materials, combined them into a large searing ember and as a bonus got the Fire ember skill which gave me a ranged firebolt. Customisation like this makes the game fun, and adds a layer of depth not found in Diablo etc.Also of note is the Devotion System - on your travels around the land you come across hidden shrines, and should you purify them you get a point in Devotion. This opens up a celestial star map based on different attributes, and in the map are a good 20 or so constellations. Each constellation has five or six points you can add points to to get a permanent bonus. Its very similar to the perks system in Skyrim. For example i opened up the Shephards crook constellation and added points into it. Along the constellation you get bonuses to physical, magical damage etc, but the sweet point is the final star - you get a % chance to summon an additional pet which also confers a bonus to you and your other pets.This Devotion system is a great addition and can add some huge bonuses to your char if developed properly.So far, so Diablo! I havent reached endgame yet, not sure if there is one to be honest but im expecting over the next year or so for more content, possibly a small expansion to be added.I have a few minor gripes but nothing big enough to put me off, firstly enemies dont seem to respawn so when youve cleared an area if you go back for some reason ie to open a Devotion shrine, you  have a fairly boring trek to reach it and second the lore notes are all incomplete, i dont know whether they were placeholders but theyve never been finished. Each note has a sentence ending with ... If the lore had been fleshed out and completed it could perhaps help you to engage more with the story which is the only weak point.On the whole this is a well rounded and fun rpg with lots to recommend. It seems to be getting regular updates and patches which are mainly fine tuning. Look forward to many more hours with Grim Dawn.On a final note, there is a multiplayer aspect but ive yet to explore it so cant really comment. As a single player experience its top notch...Well worth the asking price!"
,Recommended,219990,22261589,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,OldSchoolC,"Grim, gritty, grotesque... grandiose and great!Have had a lot of fun with this and see myself playing a lot of it in the future"
76561198041704989,Recommended,219990,21929883,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,MD1220,"200 hours in, still fun and challenging.  Deep skill trees, and many options for character improvement & development.  Controller works great, as well as m&k.  Highly recommend for rpg/arpg fans.  Will not regret purchase."
,Recommended,219990,21960861,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Flayer 1,Grim Dawn is great.
76561197990194377,Recommended,219990,25241747,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,sswilson,"Just put 80+ hrs into finishing my first run through of the storyline and loved every minute of it.Might not be for folks who don't like grinding for gear, but for anybody who lost sleep during multiple years of DII grinding, this is the game you were expecting (and didn't get) when DIII was released.Skill trees & dual class builds are just the small part of the infinite skill/gearing possiblities. Throw in things like distinct elemental damage properties, two different methods of augmenting gear, as well as the possibility of off-class skill/spell from gear and you'll start to remember what you were waiting for when DIII hit the street.Bottom line.... even if (like me) you've come to enjoy what DIII has become, Grim Dawn is the game DII fans were expecting and you'll drop right back into the DII time-stealing zone like it never really left."
,Recommended,219990,20223533,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Savuu,It's good arpg with plenty of content and interesting build paths for different characters.  There could be more end-game content and more complex mechanics with bosses. You can pretty much just smack everything by standing still and spamming abilities or autoattacks. Definitely worth 20€.
,Recommended,219990,30787999,Posted: 28 March,all,Hexie Lambent,"I'd like to preface this by saying that Titan Quest was a good game, Grim Dawn is a good game so far, and that I do not have an issue with any resemblance between the two.  That said...It's almost literally modern Titan Quest (TQ).  When I say ""almost literally"" I mean that I believe certain UI elements were straight lifted from TQ, buttons, font, default values and all.  The loot is similiar, the attack animations are similar(ly unsatisfying, generally), the entity models are a bit too close, the skill trees work exactly the same, the inventory is identical, the rewards for leveling are the same minus being able to directly increase your health and energy, and then some.  Again, I don't mean ""they're in the same genre"", I mean this basically feels like a modern overhaul of TQ.  At the time of writing I'm unaware if there are any previous TQ developers on board.*While this visibly carries the entire framework of another game, the mechanics and enemies are where it differentiates.  Skills and talents are more intelligently and uniquely designed, allowing for more fun styles and customization.  Beyond that, the major differences are the enemy types and the encounters themselves.  As a whole it is good, solid execution of tried-and-true ARPG formulas.*Edit:  A bit of looking around confirmed that Crate Entertainment is composed partially of former members of Iron Lore Entertainment, Titan Quest's developers, and that Grim Dawn is indeed running off of TQ's engine."
76561198097996356,Recommended,219990,24747150,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Rú,"You basicly just need to check two to three criterias :Played TQIT (Titan Quest - Immortal Throne) with or without Underlord?If so, go ahead and buy Grim Dawn (You wont regret it)Do you like Loot, and good Arpg's in general, with real class/skill choices?Go ahead and buy it....Do you like it that the games have background story(lore wise), hidden things to find, but are not neccecairly needed to play the game?Go ahead and buy it :3For a little extra.... it even got some Choices to do that impact, to a degree, your gameplay... my Playtime on Steam is nowhere near the playtime i really have dumped into this game, and ITS SOO MUCH BETTER than Titan Quest.It really impress's me (as i've seen many games that wanted to do it better than their spiritual pre- games but failed hard) that Grim Dawn did so much better in just the right way.Hats' up to you Crate, awesome game!"
76561197970614096,Recommended,219990,25051674,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Arkaziel,"Grim Dawn is fun. It's a lot like Diablo 2 of yore.There's a story, there's choices to be made (some of which leave you feeling like a bad person), and tons of amazing builds to try out.Technically however, this game doesn't feel like it ever left early access.Multiplayer is a nightmare currently. At the present, even the standard joining via steam friends options don't work. Worse, if you actually setup a LAN or Internet MP game, be prepared for a whole lot of headaches. Desynchs, buffs stop working, your auras can kill your teammates, etc.It's an amazing game, but the multiplayer framework that currently exists is pretty much awful. But hey, two person LAN seemed to be relatively bug-free, we just ran into issues when going to 3+. So if you only have one friend (or none!), maybe you'll have a better experience."
76561198018076615,Recommended,219990,21786205,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,MEMEMACHINE,If you liked Titan Quest and Diablo II or ARPGs in general you will love this game. Because of the class and devotion system you have a vast range of possible builds and it really motivates you to try out new things. 10/10 would buy again
76561198024123600,Recommended,219990,25065914,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Chaotic Izual,"It's like a cross between titan quest or champions of norrath meets Diablo 2, I much prefer this so far to Diablo 3. Would highly reccomend for ARPG players. Would be nice to see what they can accomplish with a bigger budget."
76561198064153655,Recommended,219990,24984813,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,KarliN,"+) Mood was Just right for the game.+) Skill tab was interesting with its masteries, skill enhancing skills and such.+) Status tab was interesting as well. I've never seen stat points divided in such a way.+) Heart thumping sound when you're being attacked or when your health is low was very good.+) The basic movement speed of your character was nice.-) There is no specific cinema or whatsoever to clearly divide each act. As far as I'm concerned, there are only 2 acts for there are two towns.-) There is no particular event for ending. You just kill the monster and that's it.-) Your projectiles get blocked by objects a lot of times even though its height is impoosible to be on  the way.-) I wish the npc events were always noticeable on the minimap so you wont miss it even though you're far away or a bit away.-) NPC events mark, which is '!' this, should be more clearer so it is not hard to spot it in deserts or around yellow objects.-) It is complicated to check your dps when you're a caster with the status points, casting speed, elemental damage and all."
,Recommended,219990,21452132,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Karnivorous,Game is absolutely top. Well done Crate.
76561197990808385,Recommended,219990,21105250,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Shoe Collector,Ranking it up there with D2EXP as my favorite ARPG's of all time.
,Recommended,219990,19370397,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Gamer Girl,"It's Titan Quest but edgy.Honestly, the weird take on Greek Mythology Titan Quest offered is much more appealing in terms of settings, but Grim Dawn's underlying systems are subtley improved.If you liked Titan Quest, you'll like this. If you haven't played Titan Quest, buy Titan Quest."
,Recommended,219990,21466119,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,dellam00tz,"got this in early acces, and it is an absolutely exccelente game, fun to play, variety of class customization, nice graphics, nice atmosphere, nice story, it is just awesome, and if take in consideration the size of the team that built this... boy oh boy Crate Entertainment you guys are awesome !! Thank you for doing this game !! If you enjoy a good ARPG, this game will surprise you A LOT !"
76561198071219501,Recommended,219990,21449348,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Grayscarr,"So, Grim Dawn. The story of me acquiring this game was quite short - I saw it on torrents, read the description and thinking ""this game made by the people from Iron Lore, gotta be good"". The torrent was broken, quests didn't work, so I just went on to slash some monsters and try out the mechanic. Fifteen minutes later I said - ""I need this game right now"". It was the time of alpha-build at that time. And not for a second since did I regret about this purchase. If you wonder, yep, I have and totally played Diablo 3 at that moment. Don't even think of questioning my D2 expierence too.That said, Grim Dawn is totally worth your money - it's damn good fot its price. And yes, it have alot of similarities to Titan Quest and to good extent. To make it more clear - imagine instead of 9 masteries you get only 6, but those are almost twise as massive and totally standalone - each one perform great without mixing. Instead of lush and colourful ancient world of myths and legends you get dark fantasy world of firearms and magic going side by side, where humanity is struggling after the Glorious Dawn of otherworldly Aetherials - the end of the world. From the beggining you know so little - you gain information piece by piece, in notes, dialogues, on a Devotion map. You reconstruct the events and the world like a puzzle and it's done in an interesting way. There are additions to the mechanic but one thing is still there - immersion, fun and a real desire to play on and on - new loot, new levels, more challenging monsters and dungeons.So, you like dark fantasy? Worth it. Like solid ARPG's? Worth it. Still like TQ and have runs once in a while? Take Grim Dawn and have a new journey with good old mechanic. That means totally worth it. And yes, one more thing. No 3-rd party soft for multiplayer, so while Steam is alive - and that's for a long time - you and your friends can totally play together without additional magic. Crate guys earned your support."
,Recommended,219990,21449143,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Gingerbee,"Loved Titan Quest already when these guys were known as Iron Lore. Once more proves that you don't need to be major studio to create a masterpiece.Sure, you may say it is a lot like Titan Quest and considering that Titan Quest is from 2006 that doesn't sound too impressive right? But let me ask you one question: Why would you change something that works perfectly? Too much change can also cause damage, just look at D3.Just pick this game up, it is worth the money in any case. Usually you don't get such a quality game for a price like this.Though it took a long time to finish, Crate Entertainment never lost focus of what they promised their customers and as an early supporter I am very happy with what they delivered.Keep it up Crate, you are on the right way to stay in business for a long long time!"
,Recommended,219990,21548329,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,黑猫紧张,"Good game!I like:1. Lots of passive skills, I love passive skills! Also have many other skills and could choose two jobs so there may be thousands of BD.2. Many kinds of monsters, feel very good when attacking with skills.3. I like random equipments!4. I don't know why, I just can't stop fighting, searching for better equipments.I don't like:1. Teleporter too few, as the map is very big so some times needs to walk long time to reach the place and when the quest is at the place with no teleporter nearby, it will be awkward that I have to keep fighting until I complete the quest. Some times costs 30+ min.  Because when I exit and enter again, I will be at home.I hope:1. Offical Chinese version.2. More quest."
,Recommended,219990,21449041,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,BReeD,"10\10, verygood action rpg game."
76561198052444726,Recommended,219990,21481043,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Uzilara,"good action rpg, like the combat, the combination of 2 classes and the skill system for your characterplenty of loot ofc, from chest, mobs and bosseslike the fact that you encounter random bosses in the world that will drop good loot (but not always for your character)"
,Recommended,219990,21451645,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Bezrayer,"If you liked Titan Quest and Diablo II, just go play it. You'll love it.10/10"
,Recommended,219990,21514816,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ast,Very refreshing for a long time player of Diablo 2 in times like this.
76561198082920837,Recommended,219990,30719822,Posted: 24 March,all,Sha,You'll have no life once this game takes a hold of you
,Recommended,219990,20127525,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Trancelord,"Grim Dawn was a top notch game in early access and now that the game is almost released, it is just a must buy game. For new players, the skill and devotion system can be a bit overwhelming. I suggest you go to the grim dawn forums and start to follow a build you are interested in. You will have a feel for the game in no time and a lot of fun."
,Recommended,219990,21453697,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,haxj0n,"Best ARPG I've played. It's come a long way, and I'm glad to see that they have finally done a full release. The devs have worked hard on this game, and it shows. It looks way different from initial release until now. Hell, the game looks way better than it did when I got it during Build 27 (which was a just a couple of months ago).But I'd also like to say that the ending was disappointing. I didn't feel like I actually finished the game - hell the post-game dialog just tells you ""yeah thanks for killing that monster go take a break lel"". A lot of underdeveloped storylines like the Aetherials vs Cthonians and The Outcast made me feel like they just put it in the game and just forgot about it because they couldn't think of any other way to flesh out the story.However, I acknowledge the fact that only a handful of people worked on this game, and I am damn impressed with how much content they were able to shell out. So even if I have some gripes about some elements of the game, it still is possibly one of the best games that I've played in a long time.So get the game. It's a steal at the original price, even better at 10% off (at the time of writing)."
76561198052316313,Recommended,219990,30712754,Posted: 24 March,all,Vlad,"If you like Diablo and Titan Quest - you will definitely like this one. Smooth and beautiful graphics, no bugs discovered and  not a single crash after 32 hours of gameplay."
76561198143742714,Recommended,219990,21438366,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,filipBiceps,"If you like D3 and/or Path of Exile, it's worth a play."
76561198090413742,Recommended,219990,22275905,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,vidarkristi,"I bought this in early access but never got around to play it until now.I really enjoyed the game.The graphics are drop dead gorgeous in most of the above ground areas, really stunning.Some of the dungeons are a bit dull looking but maybe they are supposed to be.The class/skill system is huge and you can spend hours trying to make a suitable build.Though there should be some sort of help/guide system in there to make the choices a tad easier.And if you dont do this properly you will struggle ingame. My first attempt on a character didnt really work very well.But i found some helpfull hints on builds online and that solved the dying all the time issues i had with the first character. :)If you love lots of loot this game offers that in spades. Ive never seen so much loot in any ARPG,but it gets a bit tedious since you have to go to a town to sell 99,9999% of it every 10 minute.Torchlight had a pet that fixed that problem and this game really needs something similar.The storyline is ok, and read all the notes and books you find because most of it is very nicely written.It takes about 20-30 hours to complete, which is good, and due to the immersive class/skill system it has a good replay value.There also is a crafting side to the game but it totally lacks an explanation, atleast i never managed to find one so i never quite understud how to use that, which is a bummer.So the game was a good experience and should be a must play game for any ARPG fan."
,Recommended,219990,25549144,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,The Filthy Casual,"A great ARPG.  I'm rather addicted to them, but I also happen to like this one and I recommend it as well."
76561198199528633,Recommended,219990,25423858,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Joal_D12,100 hours in and I'm just about to create my third character. You'll never run out of ideas for builds to execute and the game is neither extremely easy nor diffucult. Great game for players looking for a lot of replayability.
76561197987568590,Recommended,219990,25438818,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Mind_power,"This game is amazing. In my top 5 of all time.Pros:-Best part of the game is the character development. If you are interested in theorycrafting, playing through this game will be absolutely delightful for you. It is rewarding and fun to see your build come to life and work! The game also encourages tweaking your build by making it easy to respec (within certain limits). I have beat the game (first difficulty) with 3 different characters, and working on a fourth now. Each build more fun and interesting (and better) than the last.-IMO my other favorite part of this game is the lore. Seems sort of cliche to say that a game is influenced by Dark Souls, but the way the lore is delivered is definitely influenced by DS (which is one of the best parts of the souls series). You get most of the lore from skill descriptions, which have a way of introducing certain characters that echo throughout the entire game, from skills, items, dialogue options, and more.-Above point helps the world feel quite full. Tons and tons of secret areas that play interestingly with your mini map. The world building is quite good and synthesis crisp mechanics, character development, and lore for an increasingly rewarding experience. I am a fan.-The community is fantastic.ConsFor me the only real flaw is the lack of multiplayer. I actually co-op a lot with friends, specially in the new crucible mode. However the game is clearly not designed for multiplayer, which hopefully will be improved in a DLC.There also seems to be virtually no PVP, which in some part is the fault of the community, as technically PVP is possible, it just doesn't really happen and isn't a part of the community (from my casual perusal of various forums). However if Crate incentivized pvp it might take off. Would almost definitely not be balanced but would still be interesting to watch a meta develop, and would be fun!That being said I don't think Crate will add much PVP support because they listen to their community, which isn't really calling for PVP. So I am in the minority here.I am fine with this because I love the new free content released by crate (new quests, dungeons and loot). Now that the core is down, expect a lot from the new content. I should also add here (so far) the DLC is fantastic and reasonably priced.TLDR; I love this game and in a few years, after some DLC, I think it will be widely considered a classic. Most importantly it is FUN, which is surprisingly rare in this modern gaming age."
,Recommended,219990,20227048,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Doom721,"When I played Grim Dawn in its very first iterations and act one, the content didn't exist, the itemization wasn't as in depth but as this game updated I sat silently until beta 29, content complete.The only permanent choice is your two classes and the base points you put into them, all abilities within that class can be refunded for points to reallocate, or to put into your second class, if you chose one.Itemization is nuts, you are constantly making tough choices between use abilities, procs, percent damage and all sorts of fluff. Its really in depth between components that you can slot one of on an item that only fit on certain item types, and aguments which are bought from factions that are seperate but go on certain slots as well. You are constantly looking for synergy between moves.Do I need more fire damage, or should I stack more physical? Should I stack cast speed? Whats my energy regen like? This component gives a fireball on my gun, this would change everything!Gameplay is similar to Titan Quest, but its better. It isn't as well, almost bland I felt Titan Quest could be at times. The enemies have a good mix between easy to kill lighter ones, and tougher enemies out of a crowd that youll learn to hate. I've been playing on Veteran difficulty, the second difficulty in the game which you can play on your first playthrough. Its very enjoyable, a challenge, and there are ""roguelike"" areas built into the game that you require rare crafting materials to create a key of sorts, and if you die inside said area you are kicked out.This game has been an amazing coop experience full of challenge, choices, sharing, crazy item drops and being slammed by pain in the♥♥♥♥♥enemies.My only gripes:We had netcode issues where my friend would desync from me and not be able to see me.Items would sometimes ""float"" for him in the air instead of being on the groundA few crashes, especially bad on a one-time openable chest.Medium settings are great, but High FX is poorly optimized and way too straining to run.When you are done with certain quests where you have 0 uses for a quest item, they remain in your inventory until you throw them out - where they disappear before hitting the ground.The worst one is there is no feedback for certain debuffs. Like being stunned. Its very bad in a ARPG with a hardcore mode to not even give you feedback on total control loss of your character!All in All, I reccomend this game as someone who played Diablo II, Torchlight and Titan Quest. Its enjoyable and reminds me slightly of POE, without the worry of totally ruining your character with a bad build. There are definitely tough choices - but you won't have to destroy your character because of one ability!"
76561198045681371,Recommended,219990,20215561,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,DeanusBrignus,"I've only play a very brief amount of Grim Dawn, however I've been very happy with the first impressions.Overall feel is very Diablo 2 with much more build diversity, currently a trickster and enjoying the mobility/damage and hope to swap to a hardcore character to test my mettle later like in PoE.I wrote a full review onhttps://www.noobgrind.com/grim-dawn-review/which hopefully gives the full run down"
76561198023096052,Recommended,219990,20225641,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,damoisgreenish,Grim Dawn is a great look at how aspects from other rpg games can be brought together to make something fun and interesting i would reckomend this game to anyone who likes a good rpg style game many of different aspects in this one guys well made :)
,Recommended,219990,20172698,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,subarashii supeedo,Developers has given.One of the best early access game ever.
,Recommended,219990,19866601,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,AVG,So good that I bought it a second time.
,Recommended,219990,20236690,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,-RzA-Weanydog,Great game! like it better then d3.
,Recommended,219990,21440420,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,HughJas,"This game is so good that it became my 3rd most played Steam title, competing only with Warframe and Civ5 which I had played for years before Grim Dawn existed... and that's just all before launch. Unless Half Life 3 gets announced today, GD is going to the top of my time-played list.Made by the brilliant minds behind Titan Quest, Grim Dawn has all of the dark, gruesome atmosphere of Diablo 1 and 2, the smooth and satisfying gameplay of Torchlight and Diablo 3, and the character progression depth of Path of Exile. This is the whole package, people. This is not a drill.Grim Dawn is what you've been looking for."
76561198077529832,Recommended,219990,23624996,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,yutahamaguchi,"Amazing game. Huge potential of class, builds.I played 3 classes to endgame. But still thinking about new build. I enjoy a lot! Must buy if you like HnS"
76561198059480026,Recommended,219990,23702661,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Sami,"Without any 2nd thought(even with), i can say this is best game i've ever played in a while."
,Recommended,219990,23825545,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Special,Excellent game. Bought for myself and my kids.
,Recommended,219990,21474044,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Shit the bed,"Grim Dawn is like what happens when you take all the smart things Path of Exile did for the genre, such as massive build diversity and put it with the classic ARPG, emersive, storybased, feel good loot em ups like D2. If you are a big fan of the genre but didn't like PoE, there's a very good chance you will love Grim Dawn."
,Recommended,219990,30629467,Posted: 19 March,all,Soviet,53 Hours in hardcore mode.4 deaths so far.If you enjoyed the scene in aliens where they get swarmed. THis is pretty much how i die lolIf you liked Arcanum. This is Arpg of arcanum.While the multiplayer options arent as developed as Pathof exile or diablo.the game is top notch and has a massive character design that rivals Path of exile and maybe surpasses it.
76561198008891017,Recommended,219990,22837019,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Spens,This game was surprisingly fantastic. I really enjoy the in depth class building and especially enjoy the dark tone to the games graphics and atmosphere. The music is a great companion to this dark world.  Excellent arpg.
76561198069863156,Recommended,219990,23452383,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Master TANG !,Old Diablo 1 & 2 style.Can get pretty intense.Nice rpg ! pretty long story !   old game graphics.... but who cares.8/10
,Recommended,219990,27159035,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,alx,LOOT! :)10/10
,Recommended,219990,21474145,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,NutNaRukEX,ถ้าไม่ติดเรื่องภาพ หรือ animationขอบอกว่าgameplay สนุกและลุ่มลึกกว่า Diablo 3( ยิ่งถ้าเทียบกับตอน DB3 ปล่อยตัวนะ ยิ่งไม่ต้องพูดถึง )
,Recommended,219990,24669860,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Jorp,"Great game, my favourite ARPG in recent times."
,Recommended,219990,25062118,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,PuddingSkin,A great isometric dungeon crawler. Perfect for when Diablo 3 just isn't cutting it anymore.
,Recommended,219990,20206216,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Entity,"Really a well polished game. Love the new skill trees involving the shrines. Really good skill lines as well and the respectable classes. Good dark, gritty graphical representation and overall fun ARPG for anyone looking for something new. will definetly be putting more time into this title!!!"
76561198002589220,Recommended,219990,27353423,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,doa9990,Great game this is what Diablo 3 should of been like lots of choices and play styles not forced into just one build.
,Recommended,219990,22415104,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,C2OLhottes,"It's the best Diablo II like game for these 10 years. Diablo III is just like♥♥♥♥♥♥compare with it. It's easy to be addicted to it, my wife and I cant even stop it. Only one disvantage of Grim Dawn is that the art of the game is so ugly, I cant even figure out that the character of my wife is a woman... I think maybe they dont have any artist to make the beauty form for game."
,Recommended,219990,22840220,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,jollyDeth,I don't write many reviews.The potential in this is overwelming. I feel like I'm back in my younger days all giggly and stuff.
,Recommended,219990,22762357,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,USDcom,You can really see and feel the hard work and effort which went into a game like this. The level of polish and detail is unlike any other ARPG and the amount of content feels more than D2+D3 together. For it's current price it's a steal.A real masterpiece of our generation.
,Recommended,219990,22767443,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,BoboKo,"This game  is really great as other reviews have said. The only problem for me right now that it is still in Beta where it will crash regulary, so you'd better save the game while you can. I stopped playing it for a while because I forgot to save while I have got many quests done."
,Recommended,219990,22715824,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Labrat007,Fan of Diablo 2 or Titan Quest?  Then this is a must have.  25 classes to play with multiple ways to build each class gives this title tons of replay value.
,Recommended,219990,21574475,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,abcismasta,"Ever since I beat Titan Quest, I wanted a new ARPG adventure that was truly satisfying. If you like arpgs, but were disappointed by Diablo 3, I recommend this."
,Recommended,219990,21957553,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ObiJuan,"Diablo who?Call me an ARPG blasphemer, if you must, but this game is that good.*Six great classes, plus the ability to multiclass!*Generous loot system -- though not so generous that you don't feel that special high when a ""rare"" or ""legendary"" item drops*Dark, gritty, original world.  I like the story alot.*Fun game play, cool enemiesGet this game now!"
76561198009444228,Recommended,219990,21883535,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,ActionRpgHack@Slash=ARHS,"from the creators of legendary game titan quest comes a dark story of pride ,survive, and glorynness....grim dawn is the original legacy of diablos feeling and gameplay with tons of loot , secret areas and with deep and flexible skill system . Easy to learn hard to master ... with plenty of fresh ideas like fanctions ...dark atmospheric brutal ..proseasy to learnvariety and tons of lootrealy tons of lootfanction systemgreat graphicsmultiplayer seems smoothdark athmospherelong durationdeep and practikal skill systemconsnot so interesting storyno memoramble charactersvoice acting is mediocreindiference and without variety soundtrack"
,Recommended,219990,22592522,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Whippey,"Very good ARPG, way better than Diablo 3. I can dig it."
,Recommended,219990,22407865,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Wild,"Closest feeling I've had to what I first felt playing Diablo 1 & 2.If you liked Diablo 1/2/3, Path of Exile, or Torchlight, you will greatly enjoy this game just as much or more!Given it's price, it is a total steal of deal in comparison to those games!I've made a video to showcare what I love about Grim Dawn how it compares to the Diablo series and Path of Exile.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpBrI_ZfeZ8"
,Recommended,219990,25458870,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Gab,"When u do first few quests 50 times just to see different class combinations...Great unorthodox rpg system u can build any character u want from the classes u don't ever saw. Visual are perfect, u get involved in grim atmosphere of the game. The only big con i found for myself is that there is no real character creation options at the start of the game.Gameplay - 10/10Visuals - 10/10Audio - 9/10UI - 9/10Overall - 10/10Must buy for anyone who loves this genre."
76561198042750306,Recommended,219990,25290795,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Peppe Le point,"tl;dr --Get it if you are interested in a) having fun, and b) like ARPGs in general. This game does for single player ARPGs what PoE did for multiplayer ARPGs. 8.5/10thoughts --Its hard to overstate how cool and well crafted the world is. The use of Lore pickups keeps the pacing tight and the warps are plentiful. I really feel like the game hit the genre out of the park (much like Torchlight 2) in the way that it has enough depth to support many, many end-game builds. All to often ARPGs restrict you to a set of best practices that don't allow for a ton of creativity. Virtually every boss on the hardest difficulty is killable with any reasonable class-combo/gear setup, which is a very nice breath of fresh air.Pros:- Writing is on point- combat is fun and easy to map out- builds are diverse and enable you to actually tackle the game in different ways (like PoE)- faction & crafting systems make sense. They are not too dense.- design is great; environments to enemies, everything is visually appealing.- Single-player economy is completely balanced. Its fantastic.Cons:- no mod tools yet (i dont know if they are coming)- The end-game story is lackluster. It felt like the end boss was really the beginning of another area as the fight had no major climax.- Music was somewhat weak throughout the game.- More voiced sections would do wonders to make the story more engaging."
,Recommended,219990,20107509,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,RionRaios,"TL/DR: if you are a fan of Action RPGs, then you should seriously consider buying this game.The longform review:I've only gone through the early parts of the game - just completed the first major main quest, and a major sidequest - but Grim Dawn promises a wonderful romp through a post-apocalyptic, steampunkish world that has zombies and the suggestion that you'll eventually go up against some of Cthulhu's cousins.I think what interests me more than the story is the skill tree. You start off classless and get to pick your first class with your first level. At level 10 (a pretty fast occurence), you get the option to dual class. You don't have to pick a new class immediately, but you can anytime after the 10th level. Like what it says on the tin, this promises a lot of... interesting ways for dealing with the threats this world has to offer.There's also the atmosphere. Post-apocalyptic gothic steampunk. If you want a change in scenery from all the D&D cloned magic-medieval worlds, this may be the game for you (especially if you don't want the cartoon-y look of my other fave Action RPG, Torchlight).The game isn't perfect - lighting can get bad, especially in the dungeons (how realistic, though) - but remember that this was created by an 8-person indie team. Given how good it is, that 8-person team has done the amazing.And, yes, it's an indie. So for those of you looking to support more indie game studios and devs, this is a very good buy.Looking forward to revealing more of this world. Easily the best buy of the lot during Wintersday 2015"
,Recommended,219990,19900936,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,aScruffyNerfherder,"One of the best ARPGs I have ever played. It takes me back to playing Diablo II while bringing its own flavor and customizations that has kept me playing Grim Dawn since Build 16. Even if Grim Dawn was priced like a AAA game at $60 I would still play it and I would still recommend it as heartily as I do now. For less than $30, you will be hard pressed to find a better action RPG."
76561197981834608,Recommended,219990,19908528,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,| Sc4bman |,Amazing game!If you liked/loved Titan Quest you will be right at home with this one.
76561198005725911,Recommended,219990,20151303,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Khrucible,"Played since Build26 and its just improved every build since, really enjoy this and would have many more hours invested if I had the time.Great class combinations, flashy effects, interesting items, varied mob types, varied locations and lots of replayability. 8/10 for me!"
,Recommended,219990,20105807,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kaydee (Yang | MashMash),"Really impressed with this, considering it's early access and from a small team. The options are really varied, and the combat and story are fun. Definately worth it while on sale, and probably even at full price."
,Recommended,219990,20098299,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,dirtybeatfreak,"Just do yourself a favour, buy it now."
76561197970182188,Recommended,219990,30661651,Posted: 21 March,all,z1,"Saw Diablo III on sale a week ago, so I bought it.  I liked it.  Bought this a few days ago, now I don't play Diablo III anymore.  This just has the vibe and depth I was looking for.  If you like Diabloesque games, you can't go wrong with this one.  I'm not going to bore you with pros and cons, you should be playing this game."
,Recommended,219990,30584261,Posted: 17 March,all,Alonter_22,"Pretty good game, makes you thing what to do instead of just spamming stuff"
76561198067768294,Recommended,219990,30584517,Posted: 17 March,all,Buzzsaw Autopsy,Good game. Exactly what fans of Diablo 2 were wanting.
,Recommended,219990,25237297,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sulemon First Sultan of Swing,"This game is a great time sink that, at time of playing I have put nearly a day into and feel like I've gotten somewhere more or less. The only problem I can bring up is that a boss wearing armour and using weapons that are leagues behind mine, and dropping very little XP despite the fact that he's two levels ahead of me feels like either a poor quality loot generation system, or just a contrived load. Other than that I find the health system to be quite a nice one, giving credence to both regenerating health, and pickup based health regen. Multi-classing is relatively intuitive, though it'd be nice to see some variety in terms of the hardest weapon type. For me it tends to look like a clear progression, where I level up, and happen to be able to suddenly use a weapon make that has a higher attack value, but I can never find another that does comparable damage."
76561198005705060,Recommended,219990,24240890,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Wonju,"This is a surprisingly good game.  I bought it for the puritan witch hunter fighting zombies, and was impressed by the size and depth of the game.  It's not just puritan witch hunter action, there are more scenarios, and they are great.There is an complex buffs and crafting system, and a mastery system as well, which makes for some fun (and funny broken) builds.Recommended"
76561198019135113,Recommended,219990,24729011,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Henonor,Finally good game in this pile of trash.
,Recommended,219990,21804520,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,XOmniverse,"If you like Diablo II, Torchlight, or Titan Quest, this is a no brainer."
76561198053679312,Recommended,219990,22687307,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ghostwolf83523,"This is a must for those who were disappointed by Diablo 3. Excellent gameplay, the skill system is brilliant, and the storyline is well thought out. A couple of patches for one or two in-game issues and it's golden. Two thumbs up!"
76561198046070852,Recommended,219990,24678591,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,"Yan ""Cerberus"" Eetor","There seem to be a lot of people that are misleading people in the misconseption that this is like diablo. Really the only thing it has in common with diablo is the genre, the game design and mechanics are carbon copies of Titan Quest which is another great game.Now when I say its a copy thats not a bad thing, Titan Quest hasnt aged all that well and its nice to have some updated graphics and networking. Grim dawn uses the same kind of class system as Titan Quest but also has what they call a ""Devotion"" system which is a spider web tree that you get points for cleansing shrines found through the game. While the skill tree is just that, the Devotion tree has buffs to your base stats (so far).All in all its great fun so far but its definitely not diablo...people really shouldnt get them confused."
76561198034833111,Recommended,219990,24080423,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,belverine,dark and gritty just like diablo 2. just the way i like it
,Recommended,219990,19899080,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,aKjiSs,Totally worth it. Just bought it non stop playing it for 1 whole week.
76561198029377469,Recommended,219990,17457187,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Soldonzo,"In my opinion, this indie gem rivals some AAA games in the same genre. Plenty of content here even in an unfinished state, so well worth the asking price. Multiclass, multiplayer and diverse character builds adds to replayability. Overall very fun and solid game.Would buy again."
,Recommended,219990,17386172,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Hammerheart,"An ARPG in the style of Diablo and torchlight.Grim Dawn is a great ARPG, instead of choosing a class from the start you are able to choose what to put points into than at Level 10 you are able to choose another skill tree which allows for some nice customization in classes. Overall a game worth getting if you enjoyed Diablo or any game similar."
76561198064271999,Recommended,219990,17395715,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ImThePrometheus,amazing game! 10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,219990,18925896,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Naithin,"B27 - First ImpressionsI've played through to the end of A1 (or there abouts) several times now in earlier betas, and again in this one - keeping rest of the acts relatively spoiler free until the game is content complete - so with that said, I can't speak to the quality of balance and loot beyond this point.However! From what I have experienced so far - definitely worth a pick-up if you enjoy the genre. The graphics are nothing to write home about - in fact, there is something about the art style in general I personally found ever so slightly 'off'. It is nonetheless quite serviceable and the animation quality is great.The skills appear to have quite a weight to them for the most part, both for physical melee and ranged - spells are a bit more hit and miss, but by and large also look quite great.What I think I enjoy the most though, is that even in Act 1 there are signs of non-linearity and some randomisation elements (despite the zones themselves actually being static layouts) - e.g., there are 'secret' dungeons which may or may not spawn entrances in a particular play through and will not show on your map. These and certain other side quests might also contain creatures well over the level you'd expect to be even by end of act.Some of them you can defeat regardless with good play - others, perhaps not so much. (Because frankly, my play is impeccable*. <cough>Multiplayer?If you remember the early (and for some, not so early!) days of TQ, and wanted to try MP in that game - you may recall the awful issues it had with lag and connectivity in general.Grim Dawn even in its beta form does not appear to exhibit any such issues. I've had a few sessions with my brother via the net and it was flawless - easily some of the best times I've had with the game so far. :)---*My primary method of keeping to the 1 act rule and keeping myself from spoilers has been to play exclusively HC characters.My last run through got to ~lv 18 as a 2h Sword wielding Shaman - I took on a side quest where upon entering the area I received a big purple warning along the lines of, 'Something in here is waaaay more powerful than you, you should, you know- GTFO'.Only I didn't (I'd seen this warning before and through aforementioned impeccable play beat it down, you see).  This time.. Uh. Well, it looked like I was done again til the B28 release. ;)"
76561198022578767,Recommended,219990,9413164,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,tborup,Like Diablo III... for adults - and not an obvious console game. It's great!
76561198018505090,Recommended,219990,14816361,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,KiLLeR,Played for a while and found a pair of rare pants Soiled Trousersgranted skill throw feces best game ever 10/10
76561197999394307,Recommended,219990,29355556,Posted: 19 January,all,whiteblaze420,full controller support? you mean full STEAM controller support? still love and fully support this game but this is a little mis leading
,Recommended,219990,19393399,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Rev¡ve,28.1 hours into this game and I can already say this is the best RPG by far. Brings me back to when D2 was fun (when it first came out) but this game is SOOO DEEP! Very indepth character building/ loot/ crafting! This game is sick and fun! GET IT!
,Recommended,219990,17444540,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,untamedzer0,Whoever thought that mages needed a gun and hand grenades is an effin genius.
,Recommended,219990,20148357,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sigurd,A must have for anybody that enjoyed D2 and wanted more.
,Recommended,219990,27373515,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nik_krizalid,"This is kinda hardcore ARPG, almost same gameplay as TItan Quest. There are a lot of possibility when come to profession combination. The developer keep on adding new free content."
,Recommended,219990,30864506,Posted: 31 March,all,Ruger642,Fun top down action RPG.
,Recommended,219990,21168577,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,HenryFromCA,"This game is simply fantastic. Its like someont took Diablo 2, gave it better (and not cartoony like Diablo 3, just my opinion) graphics, and then added a bunch of great features from other games I love! ALSO GUNS.In the first 30 minutes of playing I accidentally found a bunch of higher level monsters. They were about to wreck me. I opened a chest nearby in a panic, and in it was a legendary greatsword. I killed all of them. It was great.11/10 would be saved by RNGesus again."
,Recommended,219990,20122758,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Solar [NL],"10/10 - 5/7, Perfect score!Game of the next year!"
76561198073358335,Recommended,219990,21483022,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Xalurin,"Just like it's predecessor Titan Quest, a great game which deserves it's full price. Also just like it's predecessor, it has interesting problems.Titan Quest had rubberbanding♥♥♥♥♥♥ Grim Dawn has CPU bottleneck♥♥♥♥♥♥ both makes you pull your hair out, not for every rig though. Make sure to monitor your GPU and CPU temps while playing, especially after b31 this game puts some heavy load on them.Apart from this technical problems this is a great game. Like father, like son.."
76561197998918733,Recommended,219990,19557638,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ernesto Bear,"Once hit a skeleton so hard, it exploded into 7 different directions.Would recommend."
,Recommended,219990,20280016,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mildoze,"Glorious ARPG knigts of yesteryear have returned to form Crate Entertainment and laid waste to the competition with their first game. Grim Dawn is ""built"" on the same engine as Titans Quest so this game feels right at home to anyone who has laid hands on that gem of a game. The graphics have been improved over Titian's Quest too. Add in good physics and ragdolls, particle effects and post processing, all add to the modern look on an  older but solid game engine. Even though the game hasnt officially released yet, the optimization of the engine is better than most games who are years into their full release. The content is amazing so far. Even though the enviroments are NOT randomly generated, something I thought would really effect my enjoyment of the game, so far, I cannot imagine a time I wont want to replay this game. The depth and scale of even the earliest of areas makes Diablo 3 timidily pee itself in the corner while I drool at Grim's amazingly sexy climes. Loot is ample and extremely interesting. Lots to explore when leveling up too. Multiple paths, skills and even more customization from the Devotion system, which you gain points from finding hidden shrines throughout the game. As if you weren't already starting to go ""wha?"", there is also dual class system. Similar to the way they handled things with Titan's Quest, once you reach a certain level with your first class, you get to choose another. Now, when you level, you have to choose even more carefully where you want your precious skill points to go. On top of all that, you are also give Stat points too, so you can break you characters in so many ways, it's rediculous and I'm giddy as a schoolgirl about it. No hand holdy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t here folks. They have ample guides and helpful tip in the game. Read them if you don't know. But don't get mad if you don't and your character is gettting ♥♥♥♥ing owned at higher levels. I don't want to go on a huge long spiel about how much I love this game. Been watching it's progress and lurking in the  comments for a long time. I had very high hopes as it forged it's way along the Early Access path. When it emerged as content complete I knew it was time. I have not been disappointed. Five Star quality from an 10 man dev team (smaller than that for most of its development), you can't beat the value you will get from this game, even if you bought it at full price. Can't wait to see what they add to it and support it going forward, as even though they announced it's content complete, the game is still in early access for the time being so they can continue to polish assets and gameplay balance. The time is now my friends, get this game before you're sad that you missed out."
,Recommended,219990,20369657,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,szL,"Wowow.  I bought this game while on sale, not expecting much.  We've all played the Diablo-clones to death.  But there is something extremely pleasing about Grim Dawn.  From the aesthetic, gameplay, the sense of difference and simultaneous familiarity, I have very few complaints after a solid 5 hour first sit.  Great job, Devs.  Keep it up!"
76561197999329840,Recommended,219990,20364195,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,EchoingFear,The hype around diablo 3 would have been justified if blizzard had released this game instead.
76561197971109570,Recommended,219990,30665308,Posted: 22 March,all,BearWithTwoGuns,"If any of the following games ring a nostalgic bell for you: Diablo, Titan Quest, Path of exile. Then you just might have found another game to add to that same listCertainly not without some faults, this is an enjoyable loot-fest of a game that doesnt hold your hand but lets you discover things for yourself (And with some help from the wiki ofc)Recommended for anyone who is just looking to shoot some enemies in the face or spend hours thinking about the perfect build, either one works"
76561198034131089,Recommended,219990,30682922,Posted: 23 March,all,Arkras,"It is better then Diablo III, that's reason enough to buy it."
76561198104358848,Recommended,219990,31187717,Posted: 16 April,all,Epidemike,"Honestly, im gonna say this.  It is better than Diablo 3. lol"
76561198014522079,Recommended,219990,30686338,Posted: 23 March,all,ANGRY,"So. Titan Quest was released around 10 years ago... maybe more. Continue playing it still.Was very negative for Grim Dawn. SImply because I didn't like the graphics on the early early access. Bought it now.......I am working, training and living with my gf. For 2 days found 15h to play it.a MUST have!!!! Go take it, if you like RPGs, thats your game:)"
76561198021080385,Recommended,219990,29063502,Posted: 6 January,all,Young Korean 2D,After spending over 100 hours in this game I am still not finished with everything!If you enjoy games like Diablo 3 or Titan Quest you might love this game!The only thing that bugs me is the small community and the laggy mutiplayer because mostly people from the US or Asia are playing this game so your pings is about 200 till 300  ms.
76561197988132123,Recommended,219990,27896447,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sats,What Diablo 3 should have been.
76561198103111035,Recommended,219990,25979822,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,seancooper921,Excellent game very underrated
,Recommended,219990,29882329,Posted: 12 February,all,500lb. Bighorn Sheep,"A spiritual successor of Titan Quest, I loved this game.  I have almost no complaints about this game. The only thing I get frustrated with is the lack of quest marker sometimes.  This is minor and there is still plenty to do/explore.  I love the different classes and the variety of loot.  The crucible adds even more end game challenge.  I reccomend this game if you enjoy ARPGs"
,Recommended,219990,27561868,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SahsageCoptah,Love this game! The devs update and add content all the time. There is so much customization and a ton of crazy combos you can do. Titan Quest was one of my favorite games and Grim Dawn has the same great gameplay and feel.
76561198106413076,Recommended,219990,26420450,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,nomadpad,"This game, is the best ARPG i've played, even better than diablo. I love the diferent classes and the diferent combinations and style of play you can create. It is an amazing game, that i have come to love. I truly recommend this game, if you want a overhead action RPG full of hours upon hours of dungeon crawling goodness.9/10 Love this game."
76561197971200519,Recommended,219990,26427955,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,phxscaper,"Grim Dawn is a fantastic, well polished ARPG. If you like ARPGs you, can't go wrong here."
76561198055044294,Recommended,219990,29124904,Posted: 8 January,all,Nono Connardus,"Excellent game, a good Titan Quest successor. Also, there is still some bug, including MP bug, that are really damageable, that even prevent you from playing with some friends (caractere that cannot connect anymore to your server)...be aware of that, until the devs correct this!"
76561198041727230,Recommended,219990,28114426,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,iamgroot54,Amazing game. Loved it from the very get go. Old school RPG with great class building and LOOOOOT. End game is still up in the air but it's exciting to see the developers still really involved and putting more stuff out.
,Recommended,219990,26974248,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nantukoprime,Probably the best game I've played that went through crowd-funding.  Spiritual Sequel to Titan Quest.
,Recommended,219990,29588773,Posted: 30 January,all,Wul Ryung -  Kyousuke,"Awesome game, just a bit of a let down in the sense of player customisation. It would have been really nice to see maybe a head model change, colour change or a size alteration. I play the mulitplayer side of things with my friend and since we both play males it looks like were twin brothers. I dont mind it as we equip different gear, but it would have been nice to see some small change, maybe if a next one comes out we might see some kind of customisation.I love the look of the game and its art style its really pretty but dark at the same time. The gameplay i really do like  aswell as the classes the game uses. The game is balanced well in the sense of game play and the gameplay length isnt too bad either which i like, as alot of games are short.  The music fits nicely with the game aswell which is an important part in a game.  I do like the fact the game enables mods aswell, i am currently using a mod at this moment in time which adds to the game making it even better. I certainly would recommend it, Good job!"
,Recommended,219990,29386841,Posted: 20 January,all,Fex,"Highly recommended!Grim Dawn is an ARPG from the developers of Titan Quest.This ARPG is closest soulmate to Diablo 2 that you could expect to get in 2017.Customization is in the core of all ARPGs. Meaningful character customization that is. Grim Dawn does epicly well on that end.+Nice amount of Dual Class combinations+Choices matter - you won't be able to pick everything from the skill tree(s) - but there's respecing available from early game+Recently added Devotion tree is somewhat similar to Path of Exile's passive tree that adds extra depth+Tons of socketables that also grant new skills+Itemization is awesomeThe game plays very well, allows respecing, sounds and looks nice enough.Ignore the facepalm level Van Helsings and purchase Grim Dawn already! You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,219990,28156876,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,squidpurin,"I've gotta say, after playing for a while, I really really enjoyed it more than I initially thought I would.Been playing it for a while, just got to writing this review now.I'm really glad I picked up this game back in beta, and I'll probably recommend it toalla lot of my friends.9.5/10"
,Recommended,219990,27198820,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Slynderdale,A very good ARPG that is hard not to like.
76561198024781705,Recommended,219990,28028733,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,two_taco,"Very fun. Interesting story and a interesting game play. If you have played other similar games, you may want to up the difficulty at first, otherwise it can be fairly easy."
76561198032155928,Recommended,219990,28152838,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,WookyWooky369,"Dear Steam,There's been a void in my heart that needed that action rpg with great combat and ragdoll effects other than Diablo 3.This game has filled that void.Sincerely,WookyWooky"
,Recommended,219990,28966843,Posted: 2 January,all,Dale Cooper,Pretty much ♥♥♥♥♥ on Diablo 3 from a great height.
,Recommended,219990,33278328,Posted: 5 July,all,Psychoza,Fantastic game!
76561198089447770,Recommended,219990,22305924,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,The Mightiest Hõrrscht,"If you are a fan of hack'n'slash rpg's like titan quest, grim dawn is THE game for you. Not only does it come at a relatively small cost as it has been produced by a smaller studio, it also overwhelms you with loads of content. I have now played around 20 hours and i am still not that far into the game. If you were a fan of Titan Quest back in the days (or if you still are) you will enjoy Grim Dawn as it is similar in basic mechanics but adds new ways to build your character and to alter your equipment, they even added some choice/consequence-thingies which is pretty cool, I also found the setting to be quite interesting with a victorian themed world which leaves much room for exploration, which is pretty enjoyable as the visuals are astonishingOverall Grim Dawn is a well rounded game and a must-have for all of you hack'n'slashers out there9.5/10"
,Recommended,219990,21470682,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Primal,"I'll tell you one thing, when this game was first playable.. it was good, and now simply beautiful, it's come a long way from what it was and more than I expected to be honest the team have polished it to a T, I wont comment on PvP aspect yet as have not done much even though I'm usually a PvP'er but Iv'e not even had a need too.Played this game from the beginning.. and if you're only just about to start now you are in for a treat - enjoy"
,Recommended,219990,21470657,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Auroran Soul,"This game is absolutly amazing. I love playing it, at times it can be clunky and hard to fight with the basic key bindings but if you get used to them, you will have an epic and dark adventure through this amazing world. You will not regret buying this game. $28 well spent in my opinion !10/10 would buy again"
76561198120424530,Recommended,219990,30728802,Posted: 25 March,all,Druss 2014,"HI EveryoneJust wanted to write a review about this awesome game...............First let me start by saying that i did not expect that i would be so happy with Grim dawn when i first bought it on sale... was not expecting a ARPG similer to diablo to be this great, It has all of the good points and not many if any Bad cons...The gameplay and replayabilty is where it separates it from diablo 3. If u have played diablo 3 im sure u would have noticed that tehre is not many builds per class and not many different types of builds as one build of the class wilbe so Op that every1 uses it.. Here in grim dawn there are so many viable builds and so many different ways you can play it.. the story is great and also the RPG side of it definitely is a high point. Teh only bad thing i could point out is that it does not have Randomised dungeons... The map i can understand should be the same every playthrough but the dungeon or caves etc should be randomised for something different...The game runs really well on my Pc and i am running it on a 4k moniter and 4x AA on a gtx 980 sli system though i think it not optimised to run on sli or not multi threaded cpu support as usage is both low on the other threads/cores but it still gives me 60 fps and i guess thats all you need .. 4k @ 60fps is great even if its running on 1 gpu with all settings cranked up to highest.. I have had no bugs or crashes on my system.The story of the game is also nice though i would have liked it to have some cut scenes, or npcs actually talking to you so you dont get so tired from reading all the txts and mission details etc.But i guess they can always work on that when they get a chance, but i do see them actively listen to the players and have heard  that they give very good responses from the developers and that speaks volume as a INDIE developer your loyal gamers are actually being looked after and your opinion actually matters and i see them always trying to improve the game and add more content. I would like to say it believe the 12$ i paid for this game i hold higher then the 80$ i paid for diablo 3 and its expansion..I hope  the deveopers keep up their good work and we as customers will keep on benifiting from that service and i hope they keep adding content for this gameTo give this game a score i would saystory 8/10Gameplay 8.5/10graphics 8/10Pc optimised/ buggs 9.5/10replayability 8/10I TOTALLY  RECCOMMEND this game. and if its on a sale DEFINITELy pick it up"
,Recommended,219990,30763971,Posted: 26 March,all,[EMC²] Occipital Rush,"Summary Of the Game:From the Makers of Titan Quest II, Grim Dawn is a fast paced Action RPG from Crate entertainment, and is arguably the successor to the beloved Diablo II. From Early Access to its current state (v1.0.0.9), Crate has been actively updating their game, adding more content, smoothing out bugs, balancing items and masteries, and has overall made this game an extremely pleasant experience.Gameplay:It is truly a game to behold, as it is not only end game focused (Unlike Diablo 3), it provides the player with Three Difficulty settings (Albeit veteran is a modifier to the ""Normal"" Difficulty, so I will not count it here.), each with the same story and progression. The experience gain is adequate to provide enough levels to be able to progress at a moderately fast pace, however on Hardcore mode that is a different story (I will get to that later.) It may be linear and may get a little repetitive due to the same story-line and progression three times, however the end-game content is worth mentioning. There are three challenge dungeons, each with different types of enemies (One is Aetherial, one is Cthonic, and one is Undead), while some are harder than the others (E.G the aetherial one is harder than both the other ones combined). It provides an adequate challenge to those geared and ready to face the most difficult areas in the vanilla game, however my one gripe is that for a build to be Ultimate (Hardest Difficulty level) Viable, it is required to play a game of ""How do i maximize all of my resistances so I do not get One-Shot by a boss or hero."" And sadly, many builds are not top tier and therefore cannot survive through ultimate, (Unless you enjoy hurting yourself).The game also provides a wide variety of side-quests, ranging from secret-ultra bosses (I won't spoil them for you) to finding people such as a blacksmith or an apprentice which helps you break down unnecessary gear (although these can be argued as the ""necessary"" side quests as they provide major benefits a player cannot go without in late-game.)There are a number of masteries, namely Demolitionist, Shaman, Soldier, Nightblade, and Occultist (With more to come in the expansions), and you can have two of each, so it provides an extremely wide variety of gameplay and mechanics that are extremely fun to play through (There are 15 combinations. With the two masteries being added in the expansion there will be much more.) There is a ""Devotion Tree"" Which is much like Path of Exile's passive skill tree (Less extensive however there is much more to be added) With a specific mechanic of having to go through specific minor devotions to reach the greater ""Celestial"" devotions. The masteries also come with a variety of abilities that complement each other in their own unique way, some are non-viable, and others are downright overpowered. Overall, gameplay and variety is amazing.Now, onto the aforementioned Hardcore mode: This mode is for those who enjoy some insane level of anxiety, because if you die, its game over. Hardcore mode is a single-life campaign/Co-op mode, with all the same difficulties and story progression, but you are only allotted a single life. If you die, all of your resources and gear goes with you. This provides an added level of challenge to those brave souls out there who are willing to torture themselves constantly. I, personally, am not a fan of HC (Hardcore) however there are those who stand by it. To each their own. This provides a wide variety of challenges to newcomers and players who seek something new. (Not recommended for beginners or those who are just joining the game. I myself have been on forums, the GD subreddit etc and have been playing for a while and I'm still not ready.)DLC:Onto the Crucible DLC: Essentially a wave based survival ""DLC"" that provides a lot of gear and resources for the player if they are able to make it through the 150 waves. Obviously, like other wave-like game types, each wave becomes harder and harder. The hardest difficulty here is Gladiator, and if your build is a top tier ultimate viable build, this mode will put it to the ultimate test. Bombarding you with enemies, heroes, nemesises (One type of ultra-boss), Secret Bosses and End-game bosses all at once is not only a test of your tankiness but also you damage output. There are several game mechanics here that come to your aid though. There are points you may spend called ""Tributes"" To create towers that aid you in battle, giving you necessary buffs or damage dealers to come to your aid. You may also buy ""blessings"" which give you many effects, ranging from offensive to defensive, also giving a substantial boost (Although they are expensive at 12 tributes. Recommended for Gladiator difficulty.) Overall, crucible is a great DLC, however some view it as Gimmicky. You may or may not like it, but at about $5, its definitely worth a try.ExpansionTHIS SECTION HAS YET TO COME AS EXPANSION HAS NOT BEEN RELEASED AS OF MARCH 26.TL;DRGameplay: 9/10Has a lot of sidequests and mechanics. Also interesting story.Big issue here is that on the hardest difficulty many builds are not viable and it becomes a game of ""I need to max my resistances so I don't die instantly.""Beats Diablo 3, Basically a successor to Diablo 2, on par if not greater than path of exile.Minor gripe: Animations not very polished. Not a very flashy game like D3 but then again, its not a triple A dev team.Replayability: 8.5/10Same story becomes stale after a number of runs, however the sheer number of builds provide a lot of variety and the playstyles provided create a change of pace.DLC: 7/10Wave based game mode that challenges players with the hardest bosses at later levels. Provides amazing loot and is great for players who want a greater challenge. Wave based style may not be for everyone.OVERALL Score: 8.5/10Extremely Good Game and one of the best ARPG's to DateI only have 100 hours into the game (Only one character to level 85 and I still have a lot of side quests to go. That shows how much gameplay there is) but its safe to say that this game is pretty amazing; amust havefor any enthusaist of the ARPG genre."
76561198025871888,Recommended,219990,24645263,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Luceil,If you like Post-apocalyptic games where you are fighting against every horror the world can throw at you then this is a game for you.It also includes a great class system which allows you to pick two classes to select abilities from allowing large customization to your character.
76561197997675627,Recommended,219990,26290954,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,[EPiC] Mauska,Same dual class feature as in old Titan Quests. The atmosphere is dark and cruesome. Many possible builds you can do and they feel very different. Would recommend to everyone who likes ARPG.
76561198064227042,Recommended,219990,20289663,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,twinpeaks,"It's very good.  Everything is super well balanced including a dual class system full of interesting skills executed in a weighty way that connects you to the action.The only thing this is missing is a bit of voice acting, there's quite a bit of reading to do be done to pick up the quests and the lore.Along with Path of Exile, the best ARPG I've played since Diablo II. IMO better than Torchlight 1/2, Diablo III, and the Van Helsing games."
76561198159746491,Recommended,219990,32276662,Posted: 8 June,all,TylerOgre,A fantastic game made even better by the relatively low cost. Highly recommended.
76561198128704699,Recommended,219990,29613753,Posted: 31 January,all,Kev,"Up there with Diablo 2 for me, great game - will be revisiting it in the future to check on updates and finish it off in hardcore mode, although that thought terrifies me! Great game!"
,Recommended,219990,25214075,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Pickles,"This game is so fun much, a great price and brings back the memories of D2.  Maps are huge, graphics are amazing and loot is plentiful.  One of the best ARPGS on the market.  10 out of 10 for me! FeelsGoodMan"
76561198037486169,Recommended,219990,22241292,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,brad.luquire,"Very dark and gloomy, like old school Diablo. However, aside from the hack and slash nature and item scramble, its is a very different game.Pros:-LOTS of customization-Many different class options and spells to choose from-Wide range of weapon and armor combinations-Feels fantastic from a point-and-click perspective, very responsive and every click feels valuableCons:-Not a lot of information in game as far as the classes and class combinations go-Sometimes the sheer amount of items dropping can be overwhelming-Sometimes movement is stuttered by random and sometimes unseen obstacles"
,Recommended,219990,27204922,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MatiCarp97,"El mejor ARPG que he jugado, mucho mejor que diablo III"
,Recommended,219990,25914072,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Quake 2 Marine,"As a lover of ARPG's since the early days of Diablo, I absolutely loved this game. Everything I felt lacking from Diablo 3 and it's recent ilk I found in this game.The art style is fantastic and the music I found was there just enough to set the mood of the many different areas.The combat is smooth and builds are very open to experimentation.9/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,219990,25914206,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,エビ猫,"This game is what I wish Diablo 3 had been. Great community, too!"
,Recommended,219990,20026032,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Puddin,"I love this game. Everything about it. There are many factions you get rep with via killing, bounties, and quests... Which opens more quests, loot, crafting patterns, weapon enhancements, and you also get nemesis spawns. The devotion system is pretty awesome, felt like a huge game changer! ....Another huge game changer was realizing there is a small button on your action bar....... that can hide white loot, yellows, etc.   >.<"
76561197980110605,Recommended,219990,20043226,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Broan,"Just bought the game on winter sale. I have played all of the Diablo Series, Torch Light 1 and 2 and Van Helsing parts 1 and 2 and this game easily is equal in quality, atmosphere, artwork, class custimazation, item customization etc.. Music is excellent, large skill trees and each character can at least so far be a mix of 2 classes. GREAT game and Well worth the cost. I almost feel guilty having paid the sale price."
,Recommended,219990,20104779,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,RealSykes,"Absolutely hooked!Yes, the game unfortunately has cons. But it doesn't take away from the experience.Such as when entering a cave, or new area unlike other more polished titles you get swarmed by enemies, the last boss fight doesn't scale well. And lastly, the harder difficulties aren't that difficult.Never the less this is exatly what I've been looking for. The game for me performs well under massive load. When hundreds of enemies are on screen I don't see any droppage of frames.What's ideal about this game for me is that you get to choose two classes so for an example (Mage/Soldier) reap the benefits of slowing down enemies, then getting up and close with a shield to bash em to pieces!And to an extent when venturing out into the horrific lands you may meet a few people along the way. You can invite them to your awesome base and give them safe haven, or if you aren't bothered you can leave them be. So to an extent you can change the path of how the game moves forward. Mind you it's small, but still cool none the less.When quests are given you have to pay attention, location etc. There isn't waypoints that says GO HERE DO THIS!It's a gruesome and absolutely addictive game. I only have 14 Packed into this title but I assure you I'll have many more over the coming weeks.The development team only consists of eight people yet they're constantly interacting with the community, releasing updates with new items, better balencing and bug fixing every few months. So when you get through the game, they'll eventually add more, balance the game in a way that may make you want to make another character and give it a try.I'm not a reviewer, but this is worth my money. 10/10 BUY! :D"
76561198060702821,Recommended,219990,25843988,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,prpl_mage,"Kinda like Diablo, Path of Exile and Baldurs gate.You kill stuff, level up, place points in skill trees. You can have two classes and there are also constelations that you can assign points to regardless of class to get more passive effects.You also kill stuff, get gear, get money, spend money on gear and upgrade gear with sockets. You can also craft some gear that is useful for a level or so before you kill something and get some better gear.Overall fun game, the multiplayer is kinda wonky if you try to play with more than 1 person though."
76561198008476695,Recommended,219990,20025447,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Tim,"This feels like what D3 should have been. Not that D3 is a bad game, but it is so far removed from it's roots, that other titles have basically taken up the torch as spiritual successors. This is one such title."
,Recommended,219990,20028102,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mordrej,People who liked Titan Quest will enjoy this. Also great community and interaction with developers on the forums.
76561198060410048,Recommended,219990,23816129,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LevinSpliff,Very fun game. Scratches the Diablo itch that D3 doesn't.
,Recommended,219990,22209767,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,mettadas,"Best successor to Diablo II.  May be harmful to your family, career, and physical fitness.  Watch the hours fly by...."
,Recommended,219990,13695248,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Odd Peculiar™,"Now after 1000+ hours of game play, it being completed with a max level of 85 and 3 difficulties.I believe that I am able to give a decent review of Grim Dawn.If you are looking for a game which have an awesome desolated atmosphere like Diablo 2 and Titan Quest did. This might be the game of your dreams!This game has a really well done level, skill and devotion (for really making a character unique) system for players who wanna play a game, where classes never feel the same!At level two the player can pick 1 out of 6 classes from a tanky Soldier to a High Damage Occultist who specialize in poisens, curses and demons, THEEN! at level 10 you will be able to pick another class that ""creates"" a whole new class with the skills and stats from the class you ofcourse wanna invest most in. By mixing two classes you can even create alot of different playstyles.For an example;I played and leveled a Minionmancer (one who uses nothing but summoned pets)and a vampiric bloodmage who can pretty much soak tons of damage and replenish the missing hitpoints instantly. They might both be called a Conjurer (Occultist & Shaman) but where the Minionmancer kites and debuffs the enemy so his pets can take down the prey the Vampiric build is nothing less but tanky, with great damage potentiel but have to remain infront of the enemy and take the fight straight on.Now fighting for your life and the life of the humans you meet on your travels, you have to pick options in a variety of missions. You can forexample pick to choose to help people and befriend them or save them but blackmail them into paying you for it. All these options actually have effect on the game. Some merchants will sell you better gear and unique stuff like Dynamite if you treat them well and dont offend them.When a hold of people like you enough you get to do special missions and bounties, and they can sell you unique gear. While angering the enemy will cause them to improve their efforts to destroy you and your allies, to the point that they will bring enemy heroes and even a Nemisis which is hard to find and kill but rewards you with a Nemisis loot chest.With these quests, the lore books you find and the different characters you meet you will find an understanding of this world of Cairn.The final and properly most important thing about this type of game. THE LOOT!Finding rare and epics are to some extent easy enough but rewarding as their stats can vary.But when you hit late game of the first playthrough you will find the LEGENDARY! items which you basicly can build whole characters around. The scaling of stats in items, is easy (No million numbered stats like in Diablo3) While searching for a proper difficult opponent you might look for the portal proof dungeons or even a Avatar of a god.All in all, I would not have kept playing this past the 30hour mark if it was like Diablo3 or Path of Exile. I find this entertaining and the way they improved it from the many previous builds I have played, they do not disappoint.I will rate this a  ___9/10___If you love games like Torchlight ( but look for a working game)If you love grinding gear like in Diablo 3 (But hate that you actually play an arcade game)Or love some of the other ""lesser"" games like Titan Quest (which was done by some of the same guys I believe) or Sacred (which had little in Lore but alot in combat)THIS IS THE ULTIMATE GAME FOR YOU!Ohh yea.. The PvP is just awesome ;)"
,Recommended,219990,27326392,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WakadaBear,"Grim Dawn. What a fun game this is.Solo is fun - but co-op LAN or over the Interwebz is the way you should play this.Im a huge fan of the Hellsing RPGs and this really feels like its at that level - you honestly dont realise how fast the time goes when playing the game.Leveling characters is quite fast and fun, and the ragdoll pysics of when you kill monsters etc is really satisfying :DIts very replayable as every character you make will be so unique thanks to the massive skill trees and multi classing (you pick two classes and level both as you see fit)If you are interested in this game because you like RPGs like Hellsing, Dungeon Siege 1 and 2, Titan Quest or Diablo, Get Grim Dawn and have a good time picking your character build (these skill trees are amazing)"
76561198110015447,Recommended,219990,27447709,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bear,"Great game, classic hack n' Slash gameplay with a nicely crafted map, unique bosses, an awesome skill tree that you can dual branch into if you're willing to try it.It may not have the most replayability but there are diffierent settings (Normal, Veteran, Hard and Ultimate I think) that give you access to new Steam Achievments, harder fights and better loot.And the Multiplayer is added in flawlessly, being so easy to make a server and join your friends. (Note: You have to refresh the servers before you can join any, which is a bit annoying)Personal rating: 9/10Just the one taken down for little replayability."
76561198024975458,Recommended,219990,20161071,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Irot Noot,"This is an excellent game.  If you like Diablo 1, 2, etc, Path of Exile, Van Helsing series, this game is for you.  Very stable, well optimized game runs smooth.  Decent graphics that are right in line with other games of this type.  Highly recommend to any ARPG fan."
,Recommended,219990,22790443,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Dr. Doom,Excelent ... Feelings of diablo 2 again
,Recommended,219990,27300097,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SonofSinner,This game should be the diablo's new sequel game
76561198164972045,Recommended,219990,24727584,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Handsome Hamis,gud gaym
,Recommended,219990,23710642,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,C4MP3R,Titan quest + diablo = grim dawn
,Recommended,219990,28055946,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Stormcloak,"Grim Dawn is what Diablo 3 should have been. It offers a complex yet easily comprehensible talent system (based on the Titan Quest system), a proper loot system with lots of interesting set and unique items, hand-made levels and a great story from start to finish.The only issue I have with the game is the lack of inventory space, but that's pretty much a staple of the genre."
76561198034967876,Recommended,219990,17424786,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Melta Rockz,"An amazing ARPG with a lot of potential and content for an Early Access game that has a lot in common with other ARPG's to feel familiar but so much original looking stuff and features that it's still fresh and enjoyable, not a copy! Definitely worth the buy and look at if you're itching for an ARPG"
76561198010429902,Recommended,219990,32796694,Posted: 25 June,all,ancientelder,"This is painfully similiar to Titan Quest only set in a gothy horror universe. If you loved Titan Quest but wanted more zombies and ghouls, I recommend it."
,Recommended,219990,32917955,Posted: 28 June,all,Capt. Ed Mercer,I like it.
76561197992646110,Recommended,219990,23471283,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Cpt. Sloth,Gameplaywise its better than diablo 3.
76561198176746102,Recommended,219990,32603521,Posted: 20 June,all,&1,GG aye!? Many hours aye!? Still play!? Thats it aye!? Go get it aye!?
,Recommended,219990,20076301,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Skjal TheImmortal,"If you are ARPG fan then there is no other choice just buy this game.You can feel that this game was made with love and passion.Devs have all my respect because the amount of content and fun that I get from this game is ""hands down"" (even in first Early Access month)!The design, gameplay, length and the crazy amount of detail is insane.I love this game. It cost me 20€ and in this LATE EARLY ACCESS STATE its really worth every cent x2!!!I'm serious, I would pay for this game full price because its gem and devs really deserves it!"
76561198051378130,Recommended,219990,32926901,Posted: 28 June,all,TwistedTurtle,"This is what Diablo 3 should have been but even then this is still 1000x better. Worth the buy. Very in depth character customization. Nifty class combinations. If you wanna put a solid 500+ Hours into a game, this is the game too do it."
76561198172509806,Recommended,219990,32973792,Posted: 28 June,all,喂|为所欲为,Nice game!The weak point is that GD's  image quality is not so good as  Diablo3.But It's so cheap and I will always  recommend it  to you.
76561198018603774,Recommended,219990,18037894,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Eider,"Grim Dawn is somewhere between Diablo III and Path of Exile. In fact, I'd say among Grim Dawn, Diablo III, and Path of Exile, Grim Dawn is the goldilocks of ARPGs. The talent choices and carnage hit my sweet spots. Not too little. Not too much complexity. Just right.My only gripe about Grim Dawn is that changing points around within a specialization is a PITA to do! If I were more of an optimist, I'd say that this increases replay value."
76561198005337783,Recommended,219990,20132541,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,electryc03,"I bought this game a WHILE back, I'm still amazed the developer is commited finishing it when other games makers would have thrown in the towel with paid (dlc) , or for example stopping development for a  GRIM DAWN II.    This game IS the real spirtual successor to Diablo II.  Give it an hour of your time, you will not regret it.  Great Job Crate!!!"
76561198169930558,Recommended,219990,20068411,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,GrowlingStar,yes
76561198028364249,Recommended,219990,27822961,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Bowman,Great game to get together with friends and play. Anyone will enjoys ARPGs will enjoy this.
76561198203876063,Recommended,219990,27437603,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lighthouse6194,If your into anything to do with action RPG's you will love this game. Nuff said.
76561198079989182,Recommended,219990,28165759,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Chuck Nades,Great game. Lots of replay value. Very similar feel to the original Diablo games
,Recommended,219990,28174363,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Fundamentalist Herbertarian,This game is as good as Diablo 3 was bad.But it gets repetitive fast.
,Recommended,219990,27348237,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,segphault,Definitely worth the play time if you are into ARPG.
,Recommended,219990,27354307,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FifteenHours,"For when Diablo just isn't dark, grim, or gory enough."
,Recommended,219990,24752217,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ric,"Warning******this game is addicting as heck. My fiancee is mad at me. Thanks Grim Dawn,,,,,,,seriously though, if you dont like ARPGs- clicking stay away this game is not for you. However, if you loved Diablo 2 or ARPGS in general this game is crazy good. Im barely 20 hours in and i cant stop playing"
,Recommended,219990,24742508,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Occulto,Finally a Diablo'ish game that brings back the mood of the original Diablo!
,Recommended,219990,26821253,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Beorez,"Better than most of hack&slash, and it feels almost same as Diablo II"
,Recommended,219990,25562019,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Syl,"Having not played any of the developer's previous games (i.e. Titan Quest), I wasn't completely sure what to expect. I had only seen screenshots which looked Diablo/ARPG-esque and I also read that there was a decent amount of customization in the game.Once I started playing, I was overwhelmed, but in a good way. In a way that I hadn't been for years. There's so many different skills, class customization, devotions, items, and loot with so many different interactions it's mind boggling. It was as if I was playing Diablo 2 again when I was young - not knowing at all what I was doing but having a hell of a good time playing.After a while, I started seeing the synergy between the different skills and classes and all the stats and it all started to come together, but even now there's so much depth to the customization in this game that I'm still wondering what certain things do and how they relate to other aspects of the game.This is a feeling that I've been unknowingly wanting for years. The feeling where you're just thrown into an entirely new world and mechanics that you're supposed to learn all on your own. Unlike a lot of modern games that hold your hand throuh every level and skill you get, this game lets you decide entirely on your own with just some general tutorials to guide you along the way.As a huge Diablo fan, I can't recommend this game enough. I know this isn't Diablo and Titan Quest fans will probably hate me for even comparing the two games, but this is exactly the type of game I wish Blizzard would have released with Diablo 3. I love Diablo 3, especially since the Reaper of Souls expansion, but its always lacked that customization and ""gritty"" aspect that Diablo 2 had. This game delivers exactly that and then some more.As for the actual game, the skills feel and killing enemies are very satisfying. Powerful skills feel very powerful and you definitely feel yourself hitting the enemies and them hitting you back.My only drawback with the game is really the user interface (UI), it definitely feels dated. For one, the menu textures just don't seem quite as high quality, the numbers on your healthbar and such look a little jagged, and figuring out where exactly your skills, inventory, quest log, etc. were did take a bit to get used to.The graphics are great, but I do feel like they could use a bit of polishing or some higher textures. Once you play for an hour, you really don't notice it, but at first I was a little drawn back because it didn't look as good as Diablo 3 in terms of how polished it was. It just seems a little rugged.Overall though, I'd rate this a 9/10 for its refreshing throwback to complete talen customization, the polished feel of combat, and the story as well. It's very, very clear that the developers put their heart and soul into this game and it shows."
76561198035026003,Recommended,219990,24765836,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Jihad Joe,+1 to skill suffix makes me wet.
,Recommended,219990,24784912,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,HiddenSquid,"Unspeakably exciting and true to its name, Grim Dawn delivers both heart stopping action and raw emotion in one masterfully designed package."
,Recommended,219990,26192828,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Nyxaveria │ 🅽🆈🆇,"Coming from a guy who never played Diablo.This game is so freakin' awesome. For me, I don't need any ARPG to compared with. Everything is just packed with so much awesomeness. I feel like after playing this game, I don't need any other ARPG ! This... this is just enough... too damn good.My Life is complete with this game.10/10"
,Recommended,219990,26188657,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,drherbey,"Excellent game! If you want to revive old times as on Diablo 2, this game is for you. Very immersive experience. A++"
,Recommended,219990,26040643,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Blagon,"God damn. I love this game. It's an action RPG. Gritty. Gothic. Legions of enemies. Big bad bosses. Magic items. You get the idea.Class system is very cool. You mix together two classes to make one, giving lots of mix and max potentional.Constellations are fun. Something to build up in the long term for your character.Lots of customization with components and augments.Story is good. Mostly background.Balancing your reputation among factions is a neat gameplay thing.I think you'll quickly know if this is a game you like or not."
76561198055109785,Recommended,219990,24945032,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Nate,If you love Path of Exile you will love this game
,Recommended,219990,23997088,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nano,"For those who played Diablo and Diablo II, you will find this game is the next in line."
76561197968680008,Recommended,219990,20265443,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,GoatMasterUK,I don't know how to put how I feel about this game into words.A friend recommended it after reading a few reviews and I simply took a punt at it.  9.6 hours later and I'm STILL interested in an RPG. This is  pretty unusual for me seen as I'm an FPS player and I'm a big fan of ARMA and Insurgency.  Sure there are a few bits that you can change about this game but it's the same for every game I've played. Grim Dawn is possibly my favourite RPG but from a guy who rarely plays them I doubt that means much to you. But! It comes with my recommendation. Surely a guy on the internet that you've never met can sway your decision?!
76561197960510307,Recommended,219990,21535833,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nubz,I never played any Diablo before 3 - but if you liked that - this is better. Buy it!
76561198117609667,Recommended,219990,28209973,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,DarkMilitant,"A must have for explorers, hunters and gatherers.I love the game since the first second.Very nice detailed environment and many many things to discover.The game is very creative.Very addictive.Recommended!"
76561198007652901,Recommended,219990,28262489,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Viperwraith,"Love this game, it has turned out to be a really very good action rpg and has me gripped.  The story is intriguing, the levelling system is addictive and the loot balance is awesome.  Higly recommend this game."
76561198025613649,Recommended,219990,27658481,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,darth baker,"So fun to play, reminds of good old titan quest."
,Recommended,219990,28263906,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,xNECROx,"I like this better than Diablo 3 or even Diablo 2. It's got a TON of interesting character build options between the very extensive constellation skills and the TONS of classes(with mods!). It ran smooth and no real problems over LAN..yes, it supports LAN-what a CONCEPT!"
,Recommended,219990,22835644,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,hitt.william,"Grim Dawn is the best ARPG I've ever played.  I love the flexibility to create a truly unique character, and Crate has given this to me in spades.  You've got dual-classing, your equipment, components (like gems and runes in previous ARPGs), augments (components that cannot be removed), and the entire devotion tree.  I played this cooperatively with a friend (the only way to play, as far as I'm concerned), and we both created builds that we felt could never have worked on the higher difficulties of other ARPGs we've played.  However, the game isn't easy, and will test you thoroughly.  Despite all this, however, this recommendation doesn't come without qualification.  The game is awfully buggy, and between the three of us in my most recent playgroup there were probably 60 game crashes.  It's a testament to what Crate has created that I still recommend the title - but my goodness - I hope all those crash reports we sent provided some insight to the team."
76561198023928198,Recommended,219990,29099626,Posted: 7 January,all,Wesxander,Bought the game on sale recently was pleasantly suprised. It is pretty good. Played it for many hours. The only disappointment that I found was the final act which is act 4 only dealt with one enemy faction. The more powerful second faction was not dealt with.  I guess that will be the goal in the game should a part 2 be released.Game is well designed content wise. Story lines abound. Side quest abound. Hidden areas abound.Again only disappointment was Act 4 not dealing with the main enemy faction.
76561197970754741,Recommended,219990,29370487,Posted: 19 January,all,Boone,Best money I've ever spent.
,Recommended,219990,27072291,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sleepy™,Great ARPG
76561197961403441,Recommended,219990,24383422,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,sm,This game was decent. I say 'was' because I've had my fill of it. The character skill customization is kind of neat but the story is meh. You'll enjoy this one if you like hack-n-slash games like the Diablo/Tourchlight series.Ya diggg?
76561198011551504,Recommended,219990,26091737,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,jtyler7,Great game. More to it than meets the eye. Definately worth $25.
76561197992570545,Recommended,219990,29017113,Posted: 4 January,all,Janitor,"Only played through once, really like the versalitity in class development. If you're torn between two styles of play, just mix them into one hybrid class."
76561198244906732,Recommended,219990,29022547,Posted: 4 January,all,Slinky Malinki,This has got to be the best value game on steam. I've been playing for a long time and have hardly scratched the surface. I played all the diablo games as they were released and this is what 3 should have been.
76561198027402288,Recommended,219990,28174561,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,CAMTHETYRANT,"Great game with awesome progression, visuals, atmosphere, music, gameplay, and story. What else could you want from an ARPG?"
76561198012132486,Recommended,219990,28606956,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,uktc,"Excellent old school ARPG. Plenty of quests, monsters and above all LOOT. If you love the Diablo series you will love this."
,Recommended,219990,28590119,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,kpae,6/5 arpg experience
,Recommended,219990,28188063,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,"No, Sir! ب_ب","Grim dawn is one of the best alternative game for Diablo 3. Hack & slash system is good but the games pros are skill system and this item abundance. You can choose two of the classes and process both of them. And then that huge skill tree. At first you can choose from six category of passive skill then improve. Another pro of the game is co-op system, you can play with your friends."
76561197995960335,Recommended,219990,27619799,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lee Von,It's Good
76561198183882531,Recommended,219990,31523861,Posted: 3 May,all,Captain Chambers,10/10 would recommend
76561198255586892,Recommended,219990,30206938,Posted: 26 February,all,StarkDaddy,"I highly recommend Grim Dawn. It's endlessly enjoyable, and continuously offers surprises as you progress through the game. The regular difficulty is very challenging, without becoming annoying - and there are multiple avenues to success. Further, the story line is top notch; I can see myself using some of these ideas for a PnP Pathfinder or D&D game in the future."
76561198020769896,Recommended,219990,26979983,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GayLawd,Definitely worths every penny!
76561198197473122,Recommended,219990,28468965,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mário Rui,"If you are a fan of arpgs like me and you are looking for a new title to sink hours grinding this is a game for you. Awesome music, great grim atmosphere and after 200 hours playing this the game is still fresh for me."
76561198159766307,Recommended,219990,22295594,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,8r3nt,One of the best ARPG games.
,Recommended,219990,22485534,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,SilentTrigger,"The price is ridiculous for the high quality of this game. If you like games with loot, gore, replayability, and customization, and cooperative play, look no further! Grim Dawn, is far from grim as you slice, explode, and otherwise completely obliterate enemies with awesome spells and even awesome-er weapons!Definitely recommend this game!"
76561198045515469,Recommended,219990,22498188,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Goon Snake,By far the best ARPG out to date. I played Titan Quest for so many years and loved it. Better than Diablo III.This game is awesome! and super cheap.Buy it. Support the Devs
76561197979003243,Recommended,219990,24971986,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,SwordofOmens,"Of all the games I play, my favorites are shooters and action role playing games (ARPGs). To me, the gold standard of ARPGs is the Diablo series (specifically Diablo 2 and Diablo 3). I love Diablo 3 and the attention Blizzard has given this game. I've spent hundereds of hours playing this game and building some hugely powerful characters that I'm very invested in. I've played other ARPGs, but few hold a candle to Diablo 3 (though many are compared to this standard). Then, along comes Grim Dawn, and I've got to say, this game is every bit as good and enjoyable to me as Diablo 3. It is different in many ways, but has some awesome elements that I wished Diablo 3 had. The graphics and story are great, and the character builds and possibilities are massive. Though, like Diablo 3, Grim Dawn is a hack and slash loot collector at it's core; it never becomes tiring, as you strive to blast wave after wave of baddies in the interests of leveling up and collecting better loot, so that your character is the baddest dude (or gal) in town. If you like ARPGs, i think next to Diablo 3, Grim Dawn is the best one out there."
76561198026157856,Recommended,219990,30806234,Posted: 28 March,all,Sjarken,"This game is similar to diablo2, path of exile and torchlight2. It has a simplified skillpoint system, which allow you to select 2 classes you can build on (on same toon). There is also a huge skillsystem for specialiazing, you get those points for activating shrines. Building your toon is not hard, you dont need to follow a special build you found on the internet which is the case in path of exile. You can simply find a good setup for yourself, and build on it. If your build dosnt work as you thought it would, you can retrain those skills at low cost at trainer.I would put this game right at the top of my list of good isometric arpg's, together with Path Of Exile, Victor Vran, Diablo2 and Torchlight2 (sry, diablo3 dosnt make my list at all, its NOT good)If your a fan of those games, you probably love this game as well.Cons:Quest system-Its sometimes really hard to figure out where the enemy in your quest really is, some of the quests tell you what general area the enemy are at, but not the accurate position, making you clear huge areas just to locate the enemy. Most other isometric arpg's have a arrow on the radar, and a mark on the maps where its at, why this game doesnt have that is a mystery. This is it's biggest flaw.Pros:Good atmosphere, dark dungeon's, good musicOk graphicsGood number of classesYou get to select 2 classes on each character, plenty of optionsTons and tons of loot and lots of room for it"
76561197970964635,Recommended,219990,19289536,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Gamerzilla,"A year before this game came to early access I heard about it and drooled over all the concept art and demo video of the lush, vibrant, creepy, and/or demonic landscapes.  As soon as it came to steam greenlight I voted, begged my friends to vote, and then immediatly bought it in early access.  I have never been disapointed since the devs listen to feedback, update regularly, and most importantly MAKE A GREAT GAME!A must have for anyone likling PoE/Diablo2/Titans Quest/etc"
,Recommended,219990,20282624,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sol Invictus,"I bought this game in June of 2014, gave it a quick 20 minute try to see if I would enjoy it. I liked what I saw then but I knew the game wasn't complete. So I waited for it to be completed. And sure enough, slightly close to two year later and the game is content complete. I decided to give it a try and have loved nearly everything in it.Let's start the actual review.Story:The story is interesting to say the least. Some big apocalypse happened and a multitude and ♥♥♥♥♥torms sprung up from it. Through quests and lore tidbits you can pick up and read, you find out the various aspects of how hard the♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan for different areas. The factions you'll meet have interesting lore behind them and collide with each other in interesting ways.Music:The most defining aspect for music for me is that I want to actually keep it on, instead of just turning on my own playlist to listen to. For this game, they nailed it perfectly. Ranging from area clips that feel just right, to returning to your hub world of Devil's Crossing and hearing that soft music kick in. The soundtrack feels great and I love it.Combat:Now, I've given every singular class a try, haven't yet had a chance to try them all crossed but I've done a handful of them crossed and I must say, combat feels great. The early game is a cake walk, you smash through enemies like they're cardboard and it left me feeling a bit underwhelmed at first. Until I reached more irregular units and finally heroes. The basic enemies mostly serve to flood you, while irregulars do the heavy damage. I have to say, my first boss fight I died quite quickly and was surprised. Late game though, I can tell the difficulty has jumped and I like it, with my main character, a Sorcerer (Demolitionist+Arcanist) I have to often run and gun as I fight hordes of what have you.Classes:Mentioning them in my last sentence brings up the important aspect, your classes. So you have six options available to you. Soldier, Demolitionist, Occultist, Arcanist, Nightblade, and Shaman. Soldier is your classic tank. Demo is a mixed ranged/magic. Occultist is your summoner/curse dealer. Arcanist is your straight up mage. Nightblade is your sneaky stabby guy. And Shaman is a damage dealing tank. Now what gets interesting is, at the beginning you make your character and you start at Lv. 1 as nothing. One you hit 2, you choose your class. And then at Lv. 10, you have the option to choose a dual class. Every class can mix with another, the only limit being you can't mix same classes. No Soldier+Soldier+Uber Soldier silly crap in here. The name changes are purely for flavor, Arcanist+Demo=Sorcerer is just a name change, you still retain those two seperate classes and level them together.Devotion:Ok I'll be honest, the Devotion system confused the hell out of me at first. Scattered around the world are these shrines that you can restore. That's the easy part, do what you need to restore it and you're rewarded with a Devotion point. Looking a the Devotion page, you're confronted with a page of constellations, starting with the 5 pointed crossroad. From there you choose your direction and upon actually reading different constellations it becomes clear. The constellations each have stars in them, each star is bought with a single devotion point. You start with the crossroad, for example maybe you start with the Eldritch crossroad and from there move to I believe the Fox constellation which gives permanent buffs to your Cunning. Take my word for it, it becomes a lot more clear once you take a moment and read it.Overall:This game was a surprise to me, I wasn't sure whether or not I was going to fully enjoy it or not. Once it went content complete I decided to give it a try and was surprised when I realized that 10 hours had passed by. I was even more surprised to find out I was still in Act 1 of the 4 acts, this game has so much to offer and I can't wait to fully explore all of it.This game is a solid 9.5/10 and for it to reach that 10/10 for me, I feel like it could use some balance in the beginning, make your character less strong so that you're not smashing through everything to easily."
,Recommended,219990,30768063,Posted: 27 March,all,Rihhen,"Really enjoying it, one of the best hack and slash games ever. And the skill system is just amazing."
,Recommended,219990,24322529,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Jeremiahmw,"Grim Dawn is utterly amazing.Pros:- combat feels more impactful than similar games such as D3 and PoE-story is far more interesting-builds can vary greatly-world is very well designed-rift system is brilliantCons:-world sometimes feels too big lol-graphics are good but animations can be lackluster.  Depends on the skills.  Some have good animations, some dont.Misc:- I definately would recommend this game.  The pros far outweigh the cons.  The combat may be a little slow at first, but picks up speed about halfway through the main campaign.  Some people on here also mentioned that they dont think melee is viable in this game.  That is actually a misconception.  Melee with tons of active abilities is not that viable. But melee with a few active abilities and tons of passives is amazing.  I have yet to finish the entire game, but I plan on finishing it soon.  I did take a break though for awhile, because of how big the world is.  Im the type of person who has to search every inch of the map, soooo i kinda get worn out every now and then lol.  Nonetheless I think this is a great game.Comparison:Diablo 3 vs Grim Dawn vs Path of Exile-I have played all 3 games and enjoy them all extensively.  I would say Diablo 3 is very fun but feels more casual and fantasy than the other two.  Path of Exile is a good game, but the lack of story depth makes it boring after awhile.  Grim Dawn probably has the most engaging story. (I like Diablo 3's story better, but I feel it is kinda poorly implemented in the game.  Even though Grim Dawn may not have as good of a story, it definately makes you feel like you are an active part of the story.  Hence why I prefer Grim Dawn's story.)  The combat feels more powerful in Grim Dawn.  Path of Exile had good bow mechanics.  Probably the best out of the three.  Diablo 3's combat doesn't quite have the impact that Grim Dawn's combat does, but I can't deny that both Diablo 3 and Path of Exile have wayyyyyyyyy better animations for their combat.All in all, I love all three games, but if I had to pick one, it would be Grim Dawn.  Grim Dawn makes you want to play for hours on end.  Path of Exile just gets boring after a few hours, and Im not even sure why tbh.  Diablo 3 is really fun only if you are playing with friends.  Sorry about my long post, but anyways...I definately would recommend Grim Dawn.  At least until something better comes out of the Arpg genre."
,Recommended,219990,23149719,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,leezard,I have 1000+ hours in Diablo 3.There is a Diablo 3 season going on right now.I'm playing this instead....Yep.
76561198039774783,Recommended,219990,30401099,Posted: 8 March,all,EverDownward,"One of the very best in its genre, and a stand out amongst its contemporaries, Grim Dawn is two decades of insight and learning within the ARPG heritage crystalized to near perfection and convenience."
76561198340683647,Recommended,219990,30609539,Posted: 19 March,all,Exorth,"Fun game, decent graphics! Takes me back to the days of Diablo 2. Good story line and gameplay. Definitely recommend giving it a play if you're unsure whether to purchase, as once you start playing, it's very hard to stop."
,Recommended,219990,32640164,Posted: 22 June,all,metalmex777,"My first review, thank you...BUY THIS GAME!!!!! STOP MESSING AROUND WITH YOUR $25 AND BUY IT!!!I've only had it for a day.....already 6 hours straight logged.I can already tell my life is gone for the next year or so.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
,Recommended,219990,21472211,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,liaojing,"very good game, since i play Diablo 2 around 12years ago, when a was in primary school, the D2 had shaped me into a pure A.RPGer, then i know Tian Quest, but it is too late the Dev team apart that i had the ability to buy their product, so now i bought this Grim Dawn to make the compensation, in the early times i wrote to Dev team to advise them to add controller support function, i play with X360 controller, very convenient, Thanks GD team!!!"
76561197964689881,Recommended,219990,26938216,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gramcracker,"I've played several ARPGs throughout my life (Diablo 1/2/3, Path of Exile, Titan Quest, Sacred 2, Dungeon Siege 1/2/3, Nox, Probably More?), but Grim Dawn is the only one that has kept my interest for any significant length of time.  In fact, I currently have three max-level characters, and I'm still excited about making new characters and trying out new builds.I can't pinpoint any one specific thing that makes me like this game so much, but the character customization is pretty diverse and satisfying, and the game just feels very polished.  If you're a fan of ARPGs, I cannot recommend Grim Dawn highly enough."
,Recommended,219990,24787611,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,ZeenYee,"only two hours of Grim Dawn and I'm already loving everything, somewhat similar to Titan Quest (also a big fan).  and lots of things to discover. Really underrated and more people should check out the game."
,Recommended,219990,24795508,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,-(EverReady)-,it's a good game..try it yourself..
76561198073934641,Recommended,219990,31151109,Posted: 15 April,all,Ghostfire - (farmskins.com),Best ARPG game i have ever played and best buy i ever made not a singel bad word simply the best game ever made !!!
76561197984416170,Recommended,219990,28600305,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,GrokD,"Great game ! GG ! alredy so many great reviews that I dont have to say anything else,if you like APRG, this one you must try! so cheap but so great...! But!If only can be more optimize..."
76561197998580088,Recommended,219990,22720524,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Gutemann,Quickly drew me in and did not let go.
76561198006501013,Recommended,219990,22644790,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,bogmasia,its like finding out that diablo 3 has a really hot and fun sister that is into you and who is also mint in bed
,Recommended,219990,22404973,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Mr.Skeletal,What D3 should of been.
76561198019338462,Recommended,219990,22771509,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Poyzo,"There are so many ways you can customize your class so it won't be like others. I truly love this game.Solid 'Hardcore' mode. Lots of options to go into defense, up your resists, add some attack power, - and besides stats - you are able to kite well enough where it isn't a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥(if need be!). You can also tank the mobs in higher difficulty without dying *IF* you manage to micromanage your character and run when need be. Don't be too brave and you can overcome! If you get too cocky you'll die. Be calm and take your time. ;)"
,Recommended,219990,22775036,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Caboose,"Great game, far more in depth arpg than d3 is and its cheap as chips"
76561198028001485,Recommended,219990,19650197,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Зц,"Best ARPG since Titan Quest.Pros: lots of builds, tons of content, great music and gameplay, viable craft system.Cons: there is no server-side multiplayer.Summary: 200% worth its price. Must have for all diablo-like games lovers."
,Recommended,219990,22131917,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Matrix,"I wanted to write a long review, but I will say only this:The best single player/co-op ARPG since Titan Quest. And if you liked Titan Quest, you will like this one even more."
76561198074207962,Recommended,219990,19810109,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Quarter power,"Fantastic ARPG.And honestly ever since the early access, its only become a better game"
76561197975716374,Recommended,219990,20118517,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Belthron,1000X better than D3 ROS.
,Recommended,219990,22285796,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Woogatronic,badass arpg if you loved diablo 2. worth it for such a good price
76561198031619644,Recommended,219990,24387827,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,wHO,great arpg.
76561198018892935,Recommended,219990,24346282,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,AceRimmer,"I've played around 27 hours of this game so far and this is what I have to say.  This is a GOOD game!  In fact, it is so good this will be a short review as there is only one thing to complain about.  That complaint is no game manual.  The items on the screen are easy enough to figure out but it would have been nice to read about it before exploring my screen for them.  Other than that this is a Diablo clone that out Diablo'ed Diablo.  VERY enjoyable and FUN!  Don't think about it, just get this game NOW!"
,Recommended,219990,25053293,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,AJiNJiN,The review is good so i bought it.Best decision of my life...
,Recommended,219990,24376136,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Neckbeard Abomination,I'm crap at this game. 10/10 would lose 7 hardcore characters in a week again.
,Recommended,219990,24285429,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,danutz0501,One of the best games i played in years
76561198063018367,Recommended,219990,25504235,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Zarel,Best suprise i had this year
76561197969991314,Recommended,219990,24434014,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Rune,Great Game. A must-buy for anyone who enjoys ARPGs.
76561198100093842,Recommended,219990,24347334,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TrueDefiance,Feels like what diablo 3 should be
76561197989777519,Recommended,219990,32950048,Posted: 28 June,all,Mituki,"More simple than Path of Exile, and better graphics than Diablo 3. One of the top 3 best isometric ARPG's of all time"
76561198020110348,Recommended,219990,33192962,Posted: 3 July,all,alieN,Grim Dawn is everything Diablo3 should have been
76561197971455070,Recommended,219990,31793977,Posted: 16 May,all,Qau'lthir,"Thank you, Grim Dawn, for proving that you don't need to reinvent the wheel in order to be successful."
,Recommended,219990,33161130,Posted: 2 July,all,Thom.azella,Very cool and enjoyable action RPG. World building is interesting and it has co-op!
,Recommended,219990,21227974,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,*~.:[M4d-Zephyr].:~*,"nightblade sleeping with demolitionist and spellbreaker born..wait..nightblade cheating!!!she sleep with arcanist and get pregnant with his child and not the demolitionist..she should sleep with others and see what child she get..anyway,why are you reading the review?just buy and play this awesome games."
,Recommended,219990,32609260,Posted: 20 June,all,0027,"Game is awesome what can I tell you?Been looking for one like this for a very long time. Love it.Played 76.4 hours... didnt even complete it once through... (bought the crucible mod and it was awesome)Didnt play it for 3 months, randomly decided ""i want to finish it fully""Apparently my character was 1 dungeon from the end LOL.... beat the end boss and was like WTF thats it? Im done?Sad day... who knows when I will play it again, but I LOVE the flexability of classes and the constellation system... graphics are great. Game play is great. Story is average to meh.Absolute buy if you can get it on sale, and if you ever forked out full price for diablo 2, 3, or world of warcraft, tera, any mmo or arpg, this is a MUST HAVE for your collection even at full price.A+ and hopefully they will be bringing an expansion soon here."
76561198002561400,Recommended,219990,32477385,Posted: 16 June,all,PriesT,Just buy it if you want a good hack n´slash game but without disneyblizz look.
,Recommended,219990,25396119,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,LUM1N4RY,"Best ARPG I've played since D2. You won't be disappointed. If you've played Titan Quest, prepare yourself for refined mechanics and skill trees from the original game."
,Recommended,219990,33271794,Posted: 5 July,all,LittleStar,"have a good time with my boyfie to play this game.but sometimes it lags like crazy, eventho our both connections are good."
76561198052394865,Recommended,219990,28301366,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Noumenon,"It's Alright.Diablo 3 < Torchlight 2 <Grim Dawn< Path of ExileIt lacks originality but executes what has already been done well. A good addition to the game would be an option to display health bars above the heads of enemies; this very basic option is for some reason not present. If you're new to this genre but have a general understanding of how to build RPG characters, this is a good title to pick up."
,Recommended,219990,24770379,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,wir.wiryawan,"I played Diablo 3 before purchasing this game, now I will not play that crap anymore because I enjoy this game very much!"
76561197997792625,Recommended,219990,20169808,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,maichinshinar,"I have been waiting a looooong time for a game to kick the crap out of D3, Torchlight and the others. It's HERE!Early Access and worth twice what they charge for it!Very polished and well made so far.- Hands down the best skill system in a diablo style game. More combinations than you've ever seen.Look up how it works, It's too detailed and brilliant for me to list it all here.- Camera works great (smooth rotation! no herky jerky!)- Beautiful soundtrack, Diff score for each area, they never get old.- Huuge map- Loot balance and cash tuned perfect.- Fantastic scenery- I love how you can work on upgrading current gear with addons instead of the endless "" get the next purple\yellow stabby"" and still survive and not feel like you have to save every trinket till you have hundreds for half decent combinations. PERFECT-Just buy it already, It's worth way more pennies than you pay ;)- You know when you buy a game, It's super fun and you wish you had 5k to give the devs. THIS GAME. ;)"
76561198019641508,Recommended,219990,24696965,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,cbr.ghost.rider,"If you liked the various Diablos and Titan Quest, you will certainly love this game. It is made by the same people who made TQ, and I love the dual masteries. With 6 classes, you have 6-choose-1 + 6-choose-2 = 21 different ""classes"" to choose from, so it has tremendous replayability. Of course, some class combinations synergize better, but the experimentation is part of the fun!I really wanted to play a dual gunslinger, and made a demolitionist. Currently he just looks at stuff and it straight up melts away- lots of fun lobbying grenados, blackwater cocktails, flashbangs, canister bombs and the basic gun-blasts as well.Highly recommended, and especially a steal currently for $15 all week."
76561198123850523,Recommended,219990,23812672,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SNAKE,i want to give this a good long review but......arr...have to go back and play....can't stop myself..
,Recommended,219990,33249905,Posted: 4 July,all,ezel82,"About 4 hrs in and def something different from what i expected, summer sale good buy"
,Recommended,219990,33241477,Posted: 4 July,all,WeirdWizzard,"10/10If you're a fan of ARPGs do yourself a favor and pick this up and if you're wary, it seems to go on sale quite a bit.The class building in this game is awesome. With dual classing you get such a wide range of options and even within the two classes you have several different ways to play the build. Most of the hours I have logged on this game is from catching alt-itis and rolling new toons.The expansion is coming soon as well with two new classes and a new act so what better time to join in?"
,Recommended,219990,33244843,Posted: 4 July,all,EmprisoN,"Cool game, not exactly D3 but possibly the next best thing. Better than Path of Exile imo."
,Recommended,219990,33250274,Posted: 4 July,all,ReconTiger™,Great game to play with friends
76561198085410781,Recommended,219990,29283983,Posted: 15 January,all,Cold,Good game
76561198237883542,Recommended,219990,24697864,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Goat,"Much like titan quest (which is a good thing!). Almost feels like a sequel. The gameplay and pacing is fast. No bull. Within moments of starting the game you are doing the fun stuff, fighting and levelling up your guy. Multiplayer works very well"
,Recommended,219990,29646947,Posted: 2 February,all,Friends without golf,Best ARPG in midern times
76561198099191562,Recommended,219990,28158077,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,bakilus,Good ARPG with great customisation to suit your play style!It meets eye to eye with Diablo 3.Only thing that bothered me was the poor soundtrack (loved the guitar theme btw)
,Recommended,219990,21574532,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,DieliciousTTR,This game has more skills than Borderlands has weapons
76561198021943937,Recommended,219990,20279282,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Rezfrog,"Excellent little gem of a game. Based on the incredible Titan's Quest game engine, this game plays like the classic with a steampunky / victorian twist. Pick it up on sale and you won't be disappointed."
76561197969307911,Recommended,219990,23846742,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,kracs.knuckles,Titan Quest on crack!Or D2 done better if you never played Titan Quest :)
,Recommended,219990,26827608,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Toxic,Better than Diablo 4.
76561198027744116,Recommended,219990,30585468,Posted: 18 March,all,Prohxy,best game.
76561198019803211,Recommended,219990,30585342,Posted: 18 March,all,Tudezzz,Great game with lots and lots of depths.Totally recommend to buy this game if you are ARPG fan. Community is great on forums and game itself has lot to offer.
76561197971911292,Recommended,219990,30585741,Posted: 18 March,all,nafraq,"Simply put, If you enjoy or love ARPG this is a MUST buy!"
76561197996587505,Recommended,219990,27102626,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fuero2k,"One of the best ARPGs right now in the market. Deep customization system, tons of loot and monsters and quite challenging too."
76561198054260005,Recommended,219990,30599398,Posted: 18 March,all,Rabid BaneCat,"Well what can I say about this game??In it's genre, it is up against some stiff competition, Diablo series, Van Helsing, Torchlight etc.......This game in my eyes is the best of the lot in my eyes for several reasons. It combines all elements of gameplay from the above list of games and combines them to make a truly fantastic game, but it is not a copycat by any means.The game starts of as most of this genre does, by yourself and having to complete a basic quest to become accepted. From there onwards, the game is just brilliant gameplay.You have a choice of the usual types of roles of characters, from which you have the ability to power up and branch out into different skills. The extra element I love about this game comes from a Skyrim kind of way, where you have constellations to power up to give your character the extra edge.The story is very deep and really good to follow, and the game is really pleasing on the eye too. The faction side of the game is also good because you have to earn trust to open up different options from traders and such like, and be able to do bounty missions.It's all round game play is easy to do, and the gameis not too easy, nor too hard, the develpors have got this just right.Overall a really pleasing game in a tough market genre, I rate it 9/10.I purchased it at half price in a special and is worth every penny, I would've happily purchased it at full price.It is a must for those who like Diablo, Van Helsing etc..........."
,Recommended,219990,21581801,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,come to cactus,"keep innovation that keeps you going, going.cos ♥♥♥♥, now that i'm getting older, these games (incl TQ) have become the games i grew up with,and this touches that spot with the kinda apocalypse bound mentality every dumb australian ♥♥♥♥ haslove the game"
,Recommended,219990,21582111,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,+ KK +,"This game brings back my  Diablo 2 memories, if you like to play as Necromancer like me who summons every creature that are avaliable and see them ripping off enemies this is the right game to purchase.The downside is you dont get to summon massive skeletons like D2 / Spoilers ahead[ In this game there are 3 beast and 1 bird when you level them up they deal massive dmg in the game with passive buffs ]Heres my rate for this game 8/10, why this rating i would want to see more cool features from this game ."
76561198074650372,Recommended,219990,21587226,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,[BBSH] shmoulki,"very good game, the best ARPG from those days, a mix between D2 and TQgreat build options, nice looting, huge maps, tons of secrets...."
,Recommended,219990,21587301,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,silentpanders,Just play it (if you have any inclination for diablo esq games)
76561198077539532,Recommended,219990,21587786,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Hardy,"I'm waiting for Titan Quest 2 for so long, so I have this one...I really love it !"
76561197970342469,Recommended,219990,21588163,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,salikonis,"Really fun action RPG that has a great and natural ""feel"" to it. Reducing scores of lumbering zombies and other baddies into random piles feels so satisfying and if you think you aren't quite doing it well enough you can change up your skill tree or experiment with a different class build. I've always enjoyed ""going underneath the hood"" when it comes to skill systems and there's a lot of tweaking that can be done here.The soundtrack is great and while there are grinds (reputation, armor sets, materials for crafting, etc), they are targeted more towards a single player experience so they feel challenging and doable without being endless and soul-sucking.This game really scratches that Titan Quest/Diablo 2 old school itch, without being either of those games.  An awesome job by Crate. I will definitely be getting the expansion."
,Recommended,219990,21591688,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,RedDeadRevenge,Very Good
76561197974425715,Recommended,219990,21592853,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Demonro,Sick game
,Recommended,219990,21615098,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,UncleElias,"A fully fledged Action RPG with lots of RPG. The story is well written and the world is highly detailed. For my style of play which tends to be more casual nowadays it is well worth the money.I can also see hardcore min-maxers having a blast with this game between manipulating skills, gear and affinites."
76561198112316085,Recommended,219990,21621663,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,G.I. Jew,More like Diablo 2 than Diablo 3 is.. great ARPG and nostalgic.
76561197985502086,Recommended,219990,22347792,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Zapher,This one brings me back to the glory days of Diablo 2
76561198091851942,Recommended,219990,22349705,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Gantetsu,"Awesome game so far, would reccomend."
,Recommended,219990,22860109,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,JHORDEE,"I've never played a hack'n'slay with this much exploration to do. The map design is really really great, there are a ton of secret areas to find and the variety of spells, especially with this neat Devotion-system, is also quite awesome. For example; thanks to an item AddOn, I can breath fire, because of the devotion system I then sometimes get a whirling ring of fire around me. I also could change it to whirl around me every time I use one of my actual spells. So good!"
76561198014110090,Recommended,219990,22884228,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,jo667,"I like the game a lot, because it is classic action RPG feeling.After 148 hours of playing it is still fun.In higher difficultiy level it is challenging (in a positive way).A minor critic is the little old fashioned grafics and the animations, the rest is superb.If you liked Games like Diablo 2 or Titan Quest it is for the cheap price a good choice.Now I have to play again to find better equipment, my resistances are to low and yes it would be better tohabe an additonal +skill item *smile"" really the good old feeling...."
76561198022288553,Recommended,219990,21578075,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Atulka,Cant stop playing... damn it...
76561197989845705,Recommended,219990,21586990,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,ifrite,"Fantastic ARPG, everything I want in a feature set.  Developmment team delivers and keeps the community involved."
76561198001758597,Recommended,219990,22346720,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Maunz,"The successor of Titan Quest in body and mind. It is of course nothing new. Gameplay, dual-classes, items and the enchantment/augmenting system are all known from Titan Quest. Still many people i know like this game much better than Diablo 3. Same genre but plays so differently. Grim Dawn imho is more casual driven and implies a bigger freedom in playstyles because currently there is no ""unlimited content"" like in Diablo 3 with it's rifts. So if you can beat the endgame content you're kinda done. But you can do it in so many different ways and not only with ""use this set or you're screwed"".That's the most appealing factor of this game."
76561198015098742,Recommended,219990,22856797,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Makka Pakka,"I've spent on this game a quarter of what I would normally on any other game and yet this game trumps everything I've played in the past 3 years. If you're sick of Diablo 3, want more of Diablo 2 and MORE CUSTOMISATION and FREEDOM than Path of Exile, then this is what you want. Give it five hours and you'll be planning out builds for your three next characters.Pros- Keeps you entertained for hours on end (getting through all difficulties and reaching the max level will take you 50+ hours on your first play-through)- Classes, weapons, passives, armor, everything are customisable to your play style. If you want a sorcerer with dual pistols or a battle axe. It can be done.- Highly replayable- It is actually difficult on higher difficulties (I'm not talking original Diablo 3; only one build will take you through ACT2 difficulty. I am talking about having to sit down and really think your build through so you can feel acomplished when you finish it)- Devs actually give a s***- The devs have obviously played ARPGs and know the sort of annoyances you face sometimes. As a result, Grim Dawn feels consistently 'user friendly'.- Value for money (I'm at what, 200 hours? On my second character and have a few more coming at least)Negatives- Graphics are a little dated. This may bother some, but honestly the game still looks great. Those that don't like it can feel free to spend 80 bucks on some AAA trash that will last them an evening.- Music can be patchy- I can't seem to love my girlfriend as much as this game"
76561198051212178,Recommended,219990,24229218,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,囧Yz,"First game i have purchased for GD, i enjoy the time with TQIT, so i decide to topup my account and press purchase button, it is time to gear up and click click click~And i enjoy to use controller in GD, even thought it is a little bit unlike when selling item part or look for a item in huge stash, still need to manually move the mouse cursor, this is what i not satisfied on thatoverall, it is worth for itp/s: please fix a minor buggy in game"
,Recommended,219990,26741964,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,TtheGrouch,This game was one of the first I purchased after building my PC earlier this year and it is really F'n good!  It feels like it was built to be a successor to Diablo 2 and it succeeds in that.  It adds enough new mechanics(combining classes to create a more diverse pool of character builds) and the addiciton of multi-player loot grabs to make this a MUST play for fans of the isometric loot and level grind funfest.
,Recommended,219990,31017931,Posted: 8 April,all,Valkol,"Not usually a big Diablo fan, but this game is great!-Super smooth graphics and spell effects.-Immersive music and locations.8/10"
,Recommended,219990,14610856,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,[SGGC] Matherz,"I got this game now for a bit over a year. Back than i did not play it cause there was no multiplayer. But now there is and it works pretty well.I really like the game. The story, the choices you can make and unique character building makes it really fun. Graphics are fine, atmosphere is great, sounds are good as well (sometimes there is that Diablo like music, love it).. the combat has to be improved, i mean its really well done, but it can be done better. For example i was playing a Battlemage, so when it came to aim and throw spells via clicking the mouse, whenever i targeted another enemy it always kept throwing 1 or 2 more spells on the old target before it finally changed. Spells, Abilitys and Special Effekts are just right. Not to much but enought to feel powerfull and mighty.Only thing i can really complain about is that i got that game over a Year now.. (somehow remindes me of Day Z) and it's still not finished. I know, i know it's ""early access"" but still... i really would have enjoyed continuing my journey. We'll see us on the next update :)"
,Recommended,219990,24741637,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,crazy_james,"A nice twist on the typical Diablo-style game, with multiclassing. If you enjoyed Diablo/Diablo 2 but want something with just a bit of a twist, this is worth playing."
,Recommended,219990,21451700,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mawenard,This is the game I find myself coming back to even when it was still in the making. Everytime I played there was something new and fresh. Now that it's done I can finally sit back and enjoy the whole run.This is a keeper for all Diablo-like gamers.Thank you Crate Entertainment for this gem of a game...
76561198050170304,Recommended,219990,26329908,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,rhocatz,Somewhere between Diablo 2 and Titan Ouest - the scenary and atmosphere far superior to TQ and right on par with D2. The game is easy to pick up and the character customization is very well done for a hack n slash. I played it in early access and bought it after it was finished. The developers have paid a lot of attention to detail in every respect which results in a darn decent game. Highly recomend. Dark fantasy - nice music - beautiful graphics - solid skills and satifying weapons and strong/effective  spells. Good stuff here. 10/10. Replayable - YES.
76561198009665800,Recommended,219990,29146933,Posted: 9 January,all,Sirrrsteven,fun and challenging. more than i can say about most arpgs out currently
76561198069560003,Recommended,219990,29492708,Posted: 25 January,all,SkyChurch,Bought this game ...Very Addictive Game
76561198110357431,Recommended,219990,29199680,Posted: 12 January,all,RapidFawn,"Nothing but Praise for Grim Dawn, its my joint 1st place [with Path of Exile] Diablo clone, however it feels unfair to say clone when I'm cursing a monster mob slowing them to 50% their normal speed, debuffing their resitances to the elements, whilst lobbing molatov cocktails charged with hell fire and finally laying waste to them all dual wielding a pair of flame endowed six shooters! In meal terms its a prime wild west, marinaded in Diablo 2 sauce, slow cooked in a pre heated fantasy oven, for 2 hours at gas mark Shadowrun!My only gripe is the local map, which could do with being way more detailed as to main/side mission locations.If Diablo 3 feels like a over bearing light show [regardless of how many updates it receives] but yer just want that Diablo 2 esque flavour back in yer life? then Grim Dawn is the one!"
76561198137218642,Recommended,219990,29197433,Posted: 11 January,all,Clarin,"Like titan quest, but with guns and hats."
76561198030888659,Recommended,219990,29201844,Posted: 12 January,all,Berettar,"Probably the best ARPG since years. I am a hardcore Diablo 1, 2 and 3 veteran and fan and feel like Grim Dawn is truly bringing the ARPG experience to a new level (I especially like the difficulty in elite and ultimate and the complexity of class combinations and devotion shrines).If you spend the time to read through the background stories  delivered by quests as well as notes found in the world of cairn - which I would recommend - you get a real nice feel of the environement in addition to the top class game look & feel and complexity.95 / 100 Points would recommend it without hesitation.Side note: Whoever wrote the notes in the asterkan area where a family becomes cannibals - I loved it :)"
,Recommended,219990,29167276,Posted: 10 January,all,mdigibou,"If you were disappointed by Diablo 3, and feel like Path of Exile is too ""Speedrun-esque"" then this is your pick. Bar-none this is what Diablo 3 should have been.The only thing I could ask for would be PvP modes"
,Recommended,219990,29170586,Posted: 10 January,all,AtlasRust,This game is excellent. It's what I wish Diablo 3 was... more polished than PoE as well. I can see myself playing this one for a good long while.
76561198042159712,Recommended,219990,29184570,Posted: 11 January,all,Haydo,"Fun if you're a fan of action RPGs. Interesting factions and enemies. Extremely in-depth character building (if that's your thing). Only complaints are that; combat became kinda dull in my opinion, and the soundtrack got repetitive real quick."
76561198081282937,Recommended,219990,19959453,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,mana mester,"This game is fantastic. Beautiful graphic, creepy atmosphere. One of the best ARPG of all time. Im proud to have this game. 10/10."
,Recommended,219990,22318690,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,gin genie,A delightful marriage of visceral action and spreadsheets.
,Recommended,219990,25377487,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,aimi4s1,Powerful game for Diablo fan.
,Recommended,219990,27001074,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Drippyskippy,"The successor to Titan Quest. Your typical loot grinder with dual class specializations. Something I have always enjoyed that Diablo never had. I enjoy the many different options to build and customize your character through the use of dual class specializations. The devotion system adds another layer of customization to your character and offers many unique abilities. The gameplay is great and exactly what you would expect from a loot grinder. Plenty of things to explore in this game, dungeons, secret quests, secret areas and an interesting story. It has borrowed ideas from MMO's like building reputation with factions to gain rewards. If you're an rpg fan and enjoy loot grinders, this is a must play. Its up there with Diablo 2 and Path of Exile."
,Recommended,219990,21486632,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,4star,"Awesome ARPG and well worth the money. If you like PoE, D1, D2, Titan Quest etc then just buy this. It's really fun."
,Recommended,219990,27530017,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tuudi,"Grim Dawn is a solid ARPG with great itemization and refreshing hybrid class system(adapted from Titan Quest). The lore is intriguing if your into that, besides bashing in your foes skulls.I prefer Grim Dawn over Diablo 3, it just is that much better."
,Recommended,219990,17855675,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Fl3sh,"Update from April 2016I'm changing my review from negative, to positive. After spending more time in the game, and finding a class combination that is compelling to me, I've been able to really enjoy the experience. While I still think my original critisism of the game is valid, it doesn't negate the fact that there is a solid ARPG in here with some satisfying systems to explore.-----Original review:I've put over 200 hours into Titan Quest. I loved that game and it's the main reason I bought into Grim Dawn... the problem is that this game plays exactly the same as Titan Quest. For some, this won't be a big deal, especially if you were looking for more of that in a different setting. For me, I need someone new to keep my interest and simply a change of scenery isn't enough.It's just not that great. I don't know what it is. It's obviously the crew that made Titan Quest, but it doesn't have the same charm or sense or presence. I don't recommend this game.I will re-install at launch and give it a fresh shot, but for now I'm out."
,Recommended,219990,24317585,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,gCrusher,"Plays like its predecessor, Titan Quest, but with tons of improvements. Character flexibility, grimdark setting, and creepy-crawlies to put to the sword/gun/spell make for a damn good time. Well worth the price, well worth the wait."
76561198027285978,Recommended,219990,30563590,Posted: 16 March,all,gym_junkie32,"Great game but gets to a certain point and you can't go any further. Gives you missions you've had before and I can't see any way to progress. The major pit stop at this point, the Iron Keep or whatever it's called just keeps telling you to have a rest."
,Recommended,219990,22309013,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,marra,Best game on the Steam store.
76561198040626295,Recommended,219990,33287747,Posted: 5 July,all,Corvan,Solid Diablo-like. Great game.
76561197970302383,Recommended,219990,27177486,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skare,"If you loved Titan Quest and always wanted TQ2 then this is the game to get! The graphics are decent for an ARPG, the music is pretty good, the setting is nicely dark and threatening. The skillsystem is engaging and allows for a lot of different playstyles. But the most important thing: the gameplay is just fun!"
,Recommended,219990,28775957,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DO,"Been playing for a few weeks.  Was going great... then the dreaded micro-stutter reared it's ugly head.  I thought I'd dodged the bullet but nope, guess not.  It really takes you out of the immersive experience. Love the game, HATE the stutter."
,Recommended,219990,20276150,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ATLAS #ONIICHAN<3,"In the veins of Diablo and Titan Quest. It is just awesome, one of the best Hack&Slash ARPGs around market. Even though its in early access yet, I strongly suggest you to buy it."
76561198022410983,Recommended,219990,28776139,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Drsexxytime,"This will be quick.  Diablo is dead.  Today's blizzard is a pale casual focused, mobile device quality game making shell of it's past.  Thankfully this game exists. The gameplay response is there. There's a lot of loot.  And a fantastic amount of character depth and customization to play the way you want to play.  Full price would be good for this, let alone something like a sale.  It's a steal.To the devs... thanks.  Really looking forward to your future ARPG loot crawling projects."
,Recommended,219990,32848303,Posted: 27 June,all,EXMAN,"Yes I'm not a big fan of APRG , or whatever it called.But after tasting this game i feel like i addicted to it haha.I spent 16 hours of my time to play this game and haven't complete the normal mode.So i still have long journey to go through.9.5/10 for this game and cheap price of summer sale :3"
,Recommended,219990,22365563,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Clinnger Eveneye,I've never felt moredeadlywith anoff-handmelee weapon before. And it's fantastic!This is equality!No longer do we have to rely on main-hand weapons to do the job! Although I'm right-handed too...
76561197993295984,Recommended,219990,22488417,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Miinkee,I found a pair of pants that lets me throw my poop at zombies.10/10.
76561198058479087,Recommended,219990,22624913,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tito,"This is a game that flew under my radar for far too long. It's criminally underplayed. i went into it with very low expectations, and came out with my mind blown. the game has incredible depth, great combat, a wonderful class system that allows you to combine multiple class trees, and an item system that actually drops decent items without you having to grind for 1000 hours to get a legendary.if you are a diablo fan, or if you're like me and hated every second of D3, yet still had a thirst for an ARPG, this is the game for you. dont expect to play it for 10 years like d2, but it's well worth the money and tons of fun to play."
76561198030635854,Recommended,219990,21473932,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ravenz (Awesome - apparently),"The style of this game is great, the combat doesn't get boring with extensive dual-class skill-trees and different strats/challenges. The story kept interesting enough, though I am an extensive fantasy reader, so if you ain't so keen on reading, you may wish to gloss over those parts. But even so, there is plenty to keep most anyone who wants to loot, customize and explore. the personal rift-thing is fantastic, cuts out any dull moments of walking back and forth to find a rift etc. an the game is sufficiently challenging to have managed to kill me a few times. And I haven't even finished yet, plenty more content to go, and more classes I want to try.Fantastic."
,Recommended,219990,18962640,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Dimmz,Great game!
76561198029585501,Recommended,219990,22096078,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,tommy35000,"This is a lot like TQ, TQ: IT and D2 back to the glory days! With a few spin of their own and updated graphics of course with a lot of fan based installments materials as well i give it a 9/10 !!"
76561198096923511,Recommended,219990,28055112,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,They Live,"What can i say?If you like arpgs this is a must. It's THE arpg of these years, its strong points are the ones which really matters : a proper itemization, multiple layers of customization (devotions, gear, augments, materia etc..), freedom in building, lot of content and nice skills to mess with.Add a good and competent dev team (at the moment i'm writing this review we have a patch on the horizon with even more free content and an expansion will follow) and you have Grim Dawn.One last thing : this is addicting."
76561198035494425,Recommended,219990,33047709,Posted: 30 June,all,Vrab,"Grim Dawn is simply an excellent title. Bread and butter Diablo-like rpg with developers designing it with elements that have all already been seen. While this might sound bad, it's actually very good: no forced originality, no stupid supposedly inovative concepts that end up being a nuisance, simply all those tried and tested little bits and pieces we played arpgs for bundled together in one well crafted piece of work.Game offers variety of environments, monster types, character builds and play styles. Player is offered anything from melee juggernaut to fragile hit and run rogue to ranged magic user. From snowy mountain passes to deserts. From massive charging bullthingy mobs to backline healers making your life difficult. Story is enjoyable, lore is good if grim, but doing simple runs is fun too. And then there's the crucible DLC for some instant non stop action without the need to travel. A single glance on hours played of reviewers is enough to gauge how much longevity the game possesses.There are many old school elements in the game. For example respecing is not free, attributes can't be respecced at all while skill points can be reset at a specialized npc for a price. Meaining choices have consequences. There are hidden areas that don't appear on map and need to be recognized visually without ability to highlight them or easily notice them in some other way. This is welcome for a grumpy old farts such as myself who always holds speeches about how kids these days have it easy with running after pointers, while back in the day we used to listen to ""go south, follow the river, then turn west at the big boulder and then..."" type of instructions and WE LIKED IT. Well nothing like that here really since maps are relatively linear but it's still is not your typical modern holding your hand game. It demands some minimum of attention.All in all, it's just all around excellent. If you like arpgs, get it. It's worth it at full price even, which is something I'd rarely say."
76561198018887234,Recommended,219990,22317342,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,duckhead,"Diablo2-ish type game, A lot of fun, a lot of variation in classes, and challenging."
76561198048217292,Recommended,219990,22317874,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,AmonRa,"The game is good, it feels like Diablo 2."
76561198007692893,Recommended,219990,22491914,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Trigger Me Timbers,Dope. Get it.
,Recommended,219990,22548344,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,lolu,"I like it because its like d2 in a way and like titan quest, but i dislike it cuz it can be moded, and its that old schoolSystem to play with friends, overall its a good game and i enjoy it"
,Recommended,219990,22549427,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Mr TastyBitz,"If you are looking for an ARPG, look no more, this is the game you need.PRO:Gameplay feels right and is pretty tight.Graphics are good.Gear comes with loads of affixs.Great skill tree systemS.CON:You're going to spend a lot of time playing this game."
76561197991955793,Recommended,219990,21452826,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,shiny bidoof,"What's really admirable about GD is that it knows exactly what it is, and doesn't make a fool of itself pretending to be anything it knows it isn't.What is GD, that it knows it is?GD is the rightful inheritor of the throne of loot-, stat-, and skill-rich grindy ARPGs previously tenanted by heavyweights like DII, Dungeon Siege and Titan Quest.What is GD NOT, that it knows it isn't?GD is not your bestest friend, delivering buckets of loot tailored to your character's needs at the press of a button.GD isn't a telescoping clowngasm arms race where your damage goes up a magnitude every 3 levels and the endboss has fleventy hundred billion HP.GD is not a masterpiece of narrative and characterization.GD is not the next generation of HD graphical brilliance.GD is not a social phenomenon.  GD does not come with the built-in ability to tweet your loot.GD doesn't need your love.  It doesn't care if you play 10 hours or 1000 hours.  It doesn't desperately coerce you with dailies and promotional hats.GD is not a moral agent.  Cheat if you want.  It might enhance your fun, it might ruin your fun.  It's your risk to take.You might notice that the first list is a lot shorter than the second.  That's because GD toes the line.  It's got the formula down, it's got the chops.  It's a terrific formula.  This is the same formula that had me go sleepless for 3 night in a row at age 14 just giddily grinding to max level in DII so I could finally equip my Buriza and go nuts on the cow level.  It's the same formula that compelled me to put in over 300 hours in Dungeon Siege and its sequel, hunting obscure loot just for sake of hunting it.  This formula is solid.  It's timeless.Either the formula speaks to you, or it doesn't.  If it does, this is the game.  It takes the torch last held by Titan Quest, polishes the everliving buttery daylights out of it, and takes off sprinting with it.  You won't be disappointed.If the formula doesn't speak to you, that's fine.  There are other games out there eager to hold your hand, give you presents, and sing and dance for you.  You can even live tweet about it.  Go crazy."
76561198046164085,Recommended,219990,19850297,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Cowbeartree,It feels like the natural evolution of TItanquest set in a darker world much like Diablo 2's
76561198021347456,Recommended,219990,22124561,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,leocravensky,"So far I had played it for about 100hrs, had 3 charcs of which 1 was hardcore and died at level 59.I'm just gonna summarise this.This game is worth every penny if you enjoy character customisation. The graphics are also dark and gothic which represent the theme very well. I do feel that the audio can use some improvement but I understand this is a very small scale production so oh well.I think there should also be better promotion of cooperative game play and to me Elite was pretty tough, so I wonder how Ultimate is like.To read more about my views and experience, you can check out my blog atleodygaming.blogspot.com. Cheers!"
,Recommended,219990,22295176,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Dooky,"Grim Dawn is a great game if you are a fan of Diablo II or Titan Quest -Immortal Throne. The gameplay is like a hybrid of the best elements of both. You get to have a dual class character and there are a lot of skills you can spec as you level up.For my first character I chose the Shaman/Soldier combo, which I unfortunately regret adding Soldier to. I prefer the two-handed skill tree of the Shaman and his ability to have a pet. Many of the soldier's skills are shield based, so it wasn't the wisest choice by me to combine the two. For my game I leveled the mess out of the Shaman tree and found my character to be very powerful in the early levels, almost too much so at the normal difficulty. I played it solo and having the pet was a huge boon because many times several enemies will swarm you at once. They are also very aggressive in their pursuit if you try to run.The map reveals itself as you explore and there are portals at various places to travel around or you can cast a portal. Which leads me to one of my minor problems with Grim Dawn. If you need to quit the game, but you are halfway through a dungeon, for example, or not near a standing portal, you can't save where you're at. Even if you cast a portal for yourself. When you log back in it is gone and your character is sent back to one of the ""starting"" towns. As a family man, I find myself having to pause the game for very long periods of time to do things so I wont lose my place and so I don't have to replay the same area, or say to my wife ""I just need to find a portal to link to so I can save my progress!"". Making your way to various places can take awhile and I find that my playing sessions are very long. Good for such an enjoyable game, but bad if your playing time is limited.Nevertheless, I was very impressed by Grim Dawn and found it to be a very good bargain (I got it on a minor sale, but it is  worth full price for sure.)  In fact I plan to buy 3 additional copies so the whole family can play. If you're on the fence, but like point and click dungeon crawlers  this is a must buy for your game library."
76561198072418169,Recommended,219990,22597865,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Cain_AI,Grim Dawn is a visually appealing action RPG. The current Version offers already tons of content and a huge variaty of builds for those who like to tweak around their hack n' slay character.Caution! Grim Dawn will penalize those who don't put too many thoughts in building their characters.I myself had a lot of fun raising all kinds of weird/interesting Builds.
,Recommended,219990,19882721,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,CrazyAssaulter,"Diablo 2 style ARPG.Just great, varied and made by people who know, like and probably are gamers.What else do you need to know ??"
76561197990658617,Recommended,219990,22403037,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,[Madao] SMOKERJOE,"If you played and enjoyed Titan Quest, don't bother reading anymore and just buy this!If you like dungeon crawlers with class customization and a challenge, don't bother reading anymore and just buy this!If you're still not convinced, I'll point out a few of the great features in this game:Positives:1) You have a main class and a sub class (just like in Titan Quest), allowing for an almost unlimited variety of ways to create and customize your character. There's really no wrong way to build your character, and almost all choices can be undone to experiment with other combinations.2) Devotion Trees allow for an even deeper ability to customize how your character plays, and really helps fill any voids you might have from the class selections you've made. It takes some time to really dig through the tree to know what will fit your character the best, but it's worth it!3) The game is actually challenging! Your first playthrough you can choose from playing on normal or veteran. I'd suggest that anyone with any bit of experience in these types of games choose veteran (or up it to veteran once you have the basics down). The other difficulties past veteran start to make you have to play smarter and focus your gear selection for survival. There was never a point that I felt it became TOO hard, but I almost always felt challenged to get better. This is sadly rare in most games in recent memory.4) Theorycrafting! If you like trying to pick the best possible combination of skills and gear, you will love the theorycrafting this game provides. Like I mentioned before, there's almost an endless amount of ways to make your character. Probably 5-10 hours of my play time on this game has probably been spent theorycrafting. Looking at trees, changing points, swapping gear to see how things change. Even if theory crafting isn't for you, just pick a way you want to build your character and stick with it! You can make almost anything work.Negatives:1) NO COMBAT LOGS! There is nothing more frustrating than dying to something and you have NO idea what the hell just happened. I wish there were combat logs so you could see where the damage was coming from and what type of damage it is. Yes, you can eventually learn what types of enemies do certain types of damage, but when you're in a cluster ♥♥♥♥ of 20+ enemies with one or two elite monsters thrown into the mix, good luck knowing what was actually killing you!2) Bugs! The game is complete and doesn't feel empty in any kind of way, but there is still a lot of bug fixing that needs to happen. I'm sure they'll get it down eventually, and the bugs aren't big enough to make me want to stop playing. A funny bug that I've found is for some reason when you put on a new item and you've met a large number of requirements for the bug to happen, you'll randomly start doing burst damage to EVERYTHING around you, be it enemy or ally (and maybe even yourself). It's happened to me twice in over 190 hours of play time, so not a common bug but it will surprise the hell out of you when you (or your friends) randomly die while in town.Overall a great game. I can't wait for expansions and additional classes!"
76561197993213315,Recommended,219990,22598509,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,omegafaction,Dark and hard as the games have grown over the years.  what  would like to see more of in the future.  I hope they come out with more content as the community grows.
76561197966918668,Recommended,219990,22627680,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,hatchet jack,"Love this game.  Doesn't feel repetitive, and has a very unique skill leveling system"
76561198162845836,Recommended,219990,22152127,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,xhiril,"Great game, my only issues are that saves are client side (allows hacking/cheating) and there isn't more endgame content. This game is totally worth the money highly recommend."
76561198009300245,Recommended,219990,22205913,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lavie,You want this game
76561197990562257,Recommended,219990,22229419,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,BW,"Grim Dawn takes the best of a lot of other action RPGs and creates well thought out and yet original hack & slash adventure. If you are a fan of action role playing games (ARPG) then I highly recommended it. The games does allot of things right. Biggest one, not constantly online like Diablo 3 or Path to Exile. The game gives you base classes, a tragic world inhabited by monsters in a wide variety of flavors, nearly constant loot drops, action-oriented combat, an interesting story line, player choices that matter, online play and hardcore mode. This game almost reminds me of an updated and better version of Dungeon Siege or Diablo. Here are my gribes with the game though. All can easily be fixed in a patch, maybe one day. I don't like that not every character is voiced acted. Not being able to save when I want is annoying. Can only have 4 players in your online world, with an option for PVP there should be no limit to players. When you sell stuff to the vendor, after you return, the items are not listed for resale for buyback or for other players to purchase, needs more story and choices that matters, no mod support or tools, the ending was a let down and you can't swap chars to harder difficulty without completeing the game first with each character, even if your characters are the same level,  Overall, it's a fun ARPG, nothing great but fun. It does have the potential of being allot better."
,Recommended,219990,22395343,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Dipstick,The succsessor Diablo 2 and Titan's Quest never got.
76561198000984253,Recommended,219990,21484802,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,aable14all,"Let me start off by saying that I don't write reviews for games, but I have been playing Grim Dawn since the late teen builds and found the game to be wonderful.  Take the best parts of Titan Quest (because Crate is made of former TQ developers) infinite class possibilities through dual class combinations and skill selections, infinite town runs with ""innate"" portal casting ability, and throw it into a pseudo-Victorian apocolypse story where you find that you have just awoken after having been possessed.You have four difficulties of play: vanilla, veteran, hard core, or veteran, hard core.  Vanilla is great to get a hang of the mechanics and for those unfamiliar with dual class ARPGs.  Veteran ramps up the difficulty by increasing the number of monsters as well as increasing their level earlier in game.  Hard Core allows you one life.With the dual class system, you should be able to find something that will suit your play style, whether it be sword and board, twin blades, a massive maul to turn everything into puddles of goo, hiding behind pets, staying at range, or raining elemental death from above.The only drawback is that the game is mostly linear.  The placement of some of the dungeons is random, so you have to scout out the entire map to find everything, if you're a completionist."
76561198023375508,Recommended,219990,21965989,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Slithia,"Other people can say it better than I can. For this reason please stop reading this review and read another, better written review. I'm just adding my positive review to this to show the world I like the game and to hope it get's noticed."
76561198073904575,Recommended,219990,22112517,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Crabby Dru,"This was a little difficult to decide.. On one hand, it's easily the best ARPG since POE.  I think it better in many ways than Diablo 3.  However, the game has real issues with stability.   Most of the issues have happened for me in multiplayer games, but it has also does crash in single player.   The frustration of having to reclear areas after the game crashes is maddening.  I am giving it a thumbs-up because it's great fun, and only selling for $25.  I think if I paid the $60 Diablo 3 sold for, I would be much more upset, and probably went thumbs-down.   The Peer to peer multiplayer, can also be very wonky, and feels very old-fashioned, even dial-up-like.I do think this title is a must-have for any fan of the genre.  But, if you are easily enraged by game crashes, you may want to hold-off until they improve stability."
76561198079106962,Recommended,219990,22137300,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Nil_Nickle,This game is awesome. It is well worth the money I spent on it and it is the first early access game I have ever backed. I hope they do an expansion as I will throw money at my screen the moment they do. Theres so much you can do here with crafting and fine tuning your characters. Just buy this damn game...lol
76561197977839603,Recommended,219990,22169367,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dribo,"After completing the game once and some hours spent on farming, i must say that this is the best ARPG i have tried so far! Graphics are great, classes & ability to combine them is awesome and the different areas has allot of variety in them :-) Going to try all classes and level them up, my current favorite is demolitionist >:D"
76561198024691918,Recommended,219990,22172672,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Andrey,"Feels like an old classic but better.I keep coming back to this game, its simply fun to play.+Character customization+crafting+custom builds+story+enemy variaty+setting and graphics-"
76561198042281318,Recommended,219990,22206474,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sairvell,"Grim Dawn is one of a handful of games in which I'm happy to see a rotting corpse. Nowhere in life are we supposed to be thrilled to see rotting corpses. Even in other video games, rotting corpses are often doing their best to turn you into a rotting corpse. Last time I checked, being a rotting corpse was a downgrade.Like in Diablo 3, Van Helsing and Victor Vran, Grim Dawn peppers the landscape with lootbags, often in the form of rotting corpses, interspersed with herds of bad guys for you to slice, electrocute, burn, freeze and magically blast into flopping corpses (totally different from the rotting corpses) or even simply reduce to red smears when overkilled. All these RPGs, steam-punky, bloody and dark, are loaded with gore. Grim Dawn is no exception.Level after level adds skill points to invest in broad and deep class skill trees. In additon, special devotion points can be acquired that allow any character to acquire sets of bonuses and procs that can be added to other abilities to make even more glorious, broken mayhem. While the game only has three base stats: Physique, Cunning and Spirit; but, it boasts a host of bonuses and modifiers that can be stacked through gear, skills and devotions to create all sorts of perverse creations.For the GoodSix classes with varied trees that can be paired any which way, allowing for all manner of playstyles and effects.Devotion systems allows for a multitude of bonuses and procs to be applied to any character.As strange as it sounds, the rotting corpses and all the other scenes of depravity are beautifully rendered. I realize that they did include 'grim' in the title of the game, but still I'd like a few brighter scenes for contrast and to show off the artwork.The ambient sounds and the effects add to the atmosphere. I especially liked the chorus of frogs in the swamp sections.A host of villains ranging from weird dog things, to wild west looking bandits to weird bear things to zombies (always with the zombies) until finally confronting weird H.P. Lovecraft big phat baddies.Roguelike end game dungeons with phat lewt.Loads and loads, in all shapes and sizes, of phat lewt. Like, lots and lots of phat lewt.For the BadYeah, all that phat lewt? Too much of it. Even using the UI filter to block the dross, I found myself constantly appraising my inventory and heading back to town to empty my pack for a little more cash.As attractive as the scripted landscapes are that make up most of the game, they become repetitive on multiple play throughs; also the foliage, roofs and tall walls often obscure the action.Total lack of character customization. You choose gender: that's it.Can't use WASD to move around. This is one thing from Victor Vran that I'd dearly wish to transplant into Grim Dawn. The easier mobility in that game made for an even faster paced, smoother play experience. Grim Dawn does support game pads, so maybe that's a solution.With the simple crafting, the piles of loots, the click-click-clicking and the prolific rotting corpses, Grim Dawn does what it does well, but it simply doesn't add much to the genre.On BalanceIf you like Diablo, Van Helsing, Torchlight or just action RPGs in general, then Grim Dawn is a fine representative. It'll certainly scratch the clicking itch for many hours. The game allows for a great deal of flexibility in character build (even if it is shockingly bare in terms of appearance customization.). The controls and the conventions are mostly familiar, with little flourishes that  mostly add to the experience.On the other hand, I can't comment on the story at all because the first cinematic began with a mediocre voice-over of equally tepid expositional writing that had me fighting off a coma. I turned off the voices immediately and clicked through the sad stories from all the sad characters who live in a sad world, not just of rotting corpses, but people like me who are ecstatic to find and loot said rotting corpses: sad, right?If you've never played an action RPG, however, this is a fine candidate (at a good price) with which to dip your toe in the water; though, with all the mayhem, pretty graphics and loads of loot, it's likely that you'll find yourself completely sucked in. Fortunately, the game offers a relatively inexpensive respec system to enable reallocation of some misspent skill points, so not every choice is indelible.In ClosingThough the rotting corpse has proven a faithful provider of health and mana potions, pocket change and occassional items, just once I'd like to flip a rotting corpse over in Grim Dawn and have the guy wipe at his eyes and demand to know why I was interrupting his nice nap in a pool of his own blood.Just once, I'd like that."
76561198070492423,Recommended,219990,22297920,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Liandier,"Simply..a fantastic game. A must have if you are a fan of this genre or, if you're just a fan of great games in general.The game has been a long time in development but well worth the wait.I'm not going to explain anything about this game...just play it already...you won't regret it!!"
76561198214822521,Recommended,219990,22322297,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Blodhelm,"Bottom Line on Top: A great crawler with a unique story and high customization for added replay valueI really enjoyed this game. It has similarities to Diablo and Torchlight but I found the storyline to be more engaging and the customization options/equipment really work for it. There are so many strategies to success that allow for the player to create their own style. My only beef is that the only cosmetic choice at character creation is male/female. I would have liked more details like hair and face and such but this is really a minor thing as helmets and gear tend to override what you would see anyways.I created a character with high ranged damage and dual-wielding pistols, with extra on-hit effects and spammed bullet-storm type abilities. Then I created another and went for a heavy two-handed ax, tanky armor and chaos strike for massive initiation. Then I made like 4 more characters with various styles(pet master is another favorite) and each time is still fun to play...to me that replayability is a major factor.Highly recommended for those that enjoy these types of games."
76561197997043763,Recommended,219990,22330112,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,dave.stitt,This game is very refreshing coming off of years of repetition on Diablo 3. The amount of content blows it away. I am 36 hours in on veteran difficulty and only think I've gone half way. (I am a bit of a completionist though -- I must explore everything before going further...) The maps are huge and interesting leaving plenty to explore.Definitly worth the price -- Great job dev team!
,Recommended,219990,22471332,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,mOrgz,"I'll edit this review at a later time. But simply put, this game is EPIC and I highly recommend adding this to your game collection."
,Recommended,219990,22603370,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Darth Hyrule,This game is pretty awesome. Way better than D3 by far. You have a lot of different class builds to choose from. Lots of loot to collect and many monsters to kill. What more could you ask from a ARPG? Oh yeah...no pay to win or microtransactions either.
76561198034190725,Recommended,219990,22625391,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,kell4077,"Disclaimer: I generally do single player, and so have no interest in attempting to rate this game's multiplayer experience.Short review: Yes. A little fiddly here and there (loot loot looooot), narrative/fight balance has a few weak spots (PLEASE can we be at Homestead now?), and blah blah blah.But at the end of the day I'm sinking (and have sunk) an unfortunate amount of time into this. Diablo 2 (and to a lesser extent the original) hit me at a very specific time in my life where they might have the most impact, and this game really takes me back there. More tellingly, it paves the way towards me giving a damn a lot better than Diablo 3 did. I mean sure, I rolled my eyes a bit at some of the references / knock-offs in this game, but not *nearly* to the extent in poor D3.If you like this kind of game, this is a no-brainer. A newbie might even like it, though I'm far too deep to tell for sure."
,Recommended,219990,19344613,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Willy,"Crash while playing, crash while exitting.EDIT> Game is glorious after updates. Totaly recommend."
76561198054351721,Recommended,219990,25662182,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Sagesight,"This game is awesome if you love ARPG's definitely get it.In many aspects Grim Dawn is probably the best ARPG atm. Grim Dawn currently has the best talent trees and character development in the genre, and overall the best single player experience; that said it is not necessarily the most polished yet when compared to POE or Diablo3. It should, however, give well over a 100 hours of absolutely epic game play to most ARPG fans. Waiting for this games expansion is almost as bad as waiting for the next season of Game of Thrones."
76561198032886287,Recommended,219990,22655206,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Lupus,So fun. So much better than Torchlight. I love the story. Love the gameplay. Love the creatuers. Great game. 10/10. please make DLCs and/or free updates. I want to explore more of this game's world.
,Recommended,219990,21552597,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,alampnamedbob,"It seems like I've tried every dungeon crawler there ever was. D2, D3, both Torchlights, PoE, and Titan Quest. I'd get into them for about 10 hours then just lose all interest.Not so much with Grim Dawn.I don't know what makes it so addictive. Perhaps it's the innovative ""constitution system"" and the robust feel of demolishing mobs when I get off work. All I know is that it is amazing and is really good and relieving stress. I also enjoy how I only have to worry about clicking two buttons for the most part--default attack and my ability. This makes it even more enjoyable.I'd say buy if you like any kind of dungeon crawler."
76561198171476482,Recommended,219990,27720799,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tatemartin1,"Have been a huge fan of the diablo series, and was iffy about getting this game. But i purchased it during the steam  sale. And this game is totally worth it. Would have probably even paid the full retail price of AAA titles now these days. This company knows what they are doing! highly recommend to everyone, money well spent."
,Recommended,219990,25792700,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,pyber,"I've never really been a big ARPG looter fan, with really the sole exception being Diablo 2/LOD.  I bought this on a whim (and on sale I believe), not really expecting much to be honest, besides feeling it was time I gave another ARPG a chance.  And I'm quite glad I did.  I don't have nearly as many hours on the books as many other reviewers, but only because after one solid run-through of the base game, I set it aside to explore further when I get off work for the season.  Still, my 30 hours at this point has been the most fun I've had with a looter like this in a long time, and I'll be adding many more hours in short order.Oh, and shoutout to all the Pyro bros in the house!Signed,The Wielder of the Flames of OH MY GOD IT BURNS!!"
,Recommended,219990,29308984,Posted: 16 January,all,Zombie,"I really enjoy playing this, looking forward to more content. I really enjoy how transparent the devs are.Adding controller support was a big plus too. I wish it would come to consoles too!"
,Recommended,219990,17914502,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Neppe,"After recent updates, I have decided to update my review.I still stand by the fact that this is a superb Hack & Slash with a few minor issues. On the positive side, these issues have become a lot easier to live with. With the Devotion system, you have even a third option for building your character, and the fact that you can enhance skills, with this tree is pure brilliance. This opens for so many options, it is actually absurd.The positive* Nice fluid animations* Tho the first act is a bit dull, it sure gets better* Not to short, not to long (High replay value with higher difficulty)* Build the way you like, be a spellcasting tank, or a summoner with guns* Even more options to customize with DevotionThe Negative* Might be a lot to take in for newcommers* Gear is a bit stale, they are mostly just stats (Ofcourse that might not be the case for legendary items)* Nemesis seems like a fun idea, but it is just a boss with a pot load of health (Quicktime events maybe?)If you are a fan of this genre, if you liked games like Diablo 1 & 2, Sacred and Titan Quest (""Same"" developers, same engine, same style). Then I honestly do not know why you do not own this game.11/10 Would farm Scarp Metal again."
76561198201808531,Recommended,219990,17914764,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Gak,"Ninety hours to reach level 50 and I still can't get enough.I had finished the game's existing content at level 41.  Here and there I found new faction quests for leveling up my factions. Bounties are keeping me going as well as wanting to be hated even more by different MOB factions.As an ARPG, I believe, this ranks along side the best, There's crafting, collecting materials, bounties galore, story consequence, one heck of a great battle system, caverns to explore, an off shore island to explore, I really could go on but you get the picture. GD has so much content and, as of this writing, another act is to be added soon.I've played many of the ARPG's here on steam and quite a few on console but none has captured me like Grim Dawn.Owing much to it's spiritual predecessor, Titan Quest, of which I logged over 80 hours in that world, Grim Dawn improved on nearly all gameplay aspects.Graphically, it's what I always wanted Diablo 3 to look like. Gritty not all shiny. The scenery is amazingly done, each environment capturing the mood.If APRG's are a favorite of yours, don't miss this one."
76561198002694080,Recommended,219990,23799149,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Redking,"Good action, little grindy, lacking interesting story. Great for those who like Diablo II without the story."
76561198020154572,Recommended,219990,25880114,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Laydapwn420,"I absolutely recommend this game! It's much similiar to my other favorite of the genre Diablo 2: LoD. It has the Dark Themes, Slaying of monsters and villians, It has quite a bit of lore to keep my mind entertained, The crucible? I love it too, It gives me that option that if I want to just simply test my might I can slay endless waves of monsters just to see if I can be killed and if I give up before I lose? I get to have my worth in rewards for how much I slayed. So simply I must say... Keep it up Crate Entertainment! You've worked hard and it's certainly paying off for you guys and for us! (Customers/Fans). I don't typically leave reviews but I was drawn to do so! I know I only have 157 hours played currently and trust me I would quadrupile that if I wasn't busy but over time more hours will come! So once again fantastic job and keep those patches and content updates coming!"
76561198003548064,Recommended,219990,34393169,Posted: 21 August,all,NoM,Amazing ARPG once you get the hang of it. Which I'm starting to now.
76561198351232884,Recommended,219990,34430448,Posted: 22 August,all,Wraith91,"Game is extremely addicting. Enjoying it more than diablo 3 at the moment... Anyways, anyone who plays this game please add me so we can play in a group haha"
,Recommended,219990,25883976,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ferrous,"Grim Dawn is a very fun ARPG. The quests and story are well-written, the enemies are diverse, and the game allows for various different builds that you can edit to your liking. As such, the replayability potential that this game has is massive. The graphics are very nice, and it's set in a rather dark Victorian-era setting, which I believe this game nails perfectly. There's various different factions as well that you can improve your standing with, and there are different choices that you'll have to make that will affect how other parties see you. Lastly, the music compliments the theme extremely well; it's nothing extreme, but it's just right for a game like this. Also, I just LOVE the art style.Now, I haven't played any other top-down RPGs before such as Diablo, but I was able to get into this very easily. So, if you haven't gotten into any top-down RPGs before, this would be a great place to start. You won't regret it, even at full price. I know I didn't."
76561197965288461,Recommended,219990,23334529,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,juzam,"Grim Dawn does a lot of things really well but misses some potential here and there, too. It\'s an indie title and it was a really ambitioned project. They could have created even so much more if they had more time and money...If you enjoy playing Path of Exile, the Torchlight and Diablo series I highly recommend giving this game a try. It's definetly worth the money, although you might feel that it is the work of a small team. It's simply not as highly polished as the other famous titles. Buy the game, play it and get disappointed at the beginning. The character controls feel clunky in some way and you will loot a lot of stuff you simply do not know wtf you are gonna to do with. But please keep playing till LvL 30-40, and if you make it to 40 I assure you, you\'ll be hooked and realize that you might have to master tough boss encounters and really hard situations. It's just working and the loot system is one of the most satisfying I have ever experienced. I did not like it very much at the beginning but I simply love it now!"
,Recommended,219990,24790901,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mooserush,"I like Grim Dawn. Granted, it's sort of Titan Quest's engine with a different flavor; but that was a good game engine to begin with. I like the post-apocaliptic setting, mainly because the apocalypse appears to have happened just before or near the start of what would have been this worlds industrial revolution.It doesn't have the proceedurally generated maps common to hack 'n slash RPGs, but the maps are no less well designed.I've not played many of the classes, so I can't speak to how well their talent trees and gameplay work out, but I'm a big fan of the Aether Ray build."
76561198034568184,Recommended,219990,26702507,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/DaHedgehog27,"I completely recommend this, very sad that it didn't get more publicity.The arpg genre is dominated by POE and D3 but both games fall short in different aspects. The duel class system is a very nice edition you basically chose 2 classes and mix out the skills you need, this with a devotion tree (similair to poe's skill tree tbh) and augments makes for a very nice min maxing game.I've never had perfomance issues but i can defo see a lesser computer struggling with the amount of effects depending on builds / spawn.Any ARPG fan will enjoy this game it is defo worth the price but if your on the fence at the very least put it on your wishlist and pick it up in a sale. 95 hours on record and have still not reached max level playing hc"
76561197984654092,Recommended,219990,30617661,Posted: 19 March,all,N Corbin (UK),"Best ARPG i've every played. Also a great developer. Buy at full price, its well worth it."
,Recommended,219990,19334150,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Nemesis 2002,"Dynamic, varied, full of interesting mechanisms taken from the best ""diablo-like"" games around, this is Titan Quest upgraded and enhanced in every possible way imaginable.The setting (post-apocalyptic world with chaotic-magic powers, chtonian-Lovecraftiand lore, firearms and sword combat), lore, quests, factions, crafting (not in the rubbish Divinty Original Sin way), NPC's.... everything makes for an addictive game that just makes you want to create ""just another character"" to try out another build.With every update, the game keeps becoming better and better.Well done, Crate Entertainment! You can count on my money for Grim Dawn 2!"
,Recommended,219990,21448300,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Philip K. Dingus,"It's an ARPG. An excellent one. More complex than Diablo 3, less so than Path Of Exile.I reckon you should buy it. You'll get your money's worth."
,Recommended,219990,30949999,Posted: 4 April,all,Stay_C,"Do you like titan quest? If yes, this is game for you.It's spirit leagacy of Titan Quest. The gameplay, graphic and models are just as satifying, as titanquests ones were in 2005.Storyline is interesting and thrilling. You also are permitted to make alot of choices compering to the other hack'n'slashes.I haven't noticed any special bugs. Game is satisfying, and pretty cheap, specially it's way better then Diablo3."
76561197992754175,Recommended,219990,19369881,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,vasDcrak,"I would say this game is in between POE and Diablo 3, POE being the ultimate customization skill tree thing and Diablo 3 being more simpler than grim dawn. In Diablo 3 the game is very item based, meaning that everyone can get the same skills but what differs you from the other people are just items (meh), as for POE you have this skill forest (not even a skill tree, go check it out) and also you can be different with your items, and your class etc. etc. then POE is still releasing more content, I got overwhelmed with POE and decided to try Grim dawn. Nice, simple mix 2 classes, get skills, items, and skills can be reset but at a price. The game is unfinished yet but it is already more than Diablo 3.Ive played through end game content, currently level 53 commando right now, and I still am very exited with the new updates and content to come in the future. I recommend the game if you want something easier than POE or more customizationy than Diablo 3."
,Recommended,219990,19375044,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Darkstar,"Best action RPG since Titan Quest.This takes the basic design of Titan Quest, brings it up to modern standards and ramps it up tenfold.Highly, highly recommended to anyone with even a passing interest in action rpgs.  Also recommend playing co-op through the campaign with a friend for an even better experience."
,Recommended,219990,25065393,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,LiquidThoughts,"I've been looking for something that gives me that good ole Daiblo II feel.  Daiblo III was good but really didn't scratch that itch.  This one is about as close as you can get to that classic hack and slash RPG feel.  I really really enjoy it.  I'm not paying attention to the story at all, and the leveling system is kinda wierd.  BUT overall I'm having a great time playing with with co-op."
76561198033681067,Recommended,219990,19391320,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Easykill305,"If you liked torchlight and Diablo 2 and wish they had a baby, this is it, I love it!!!!!!!!!"
76561198027364206,Recommended,219990,19370704,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ikillomega,"This is a fun, engaging, story-driven ARPG that currently sits among my recent favorites of the genre.  If you like deep RPG elements with a challenge, this is a great title to add to your collection."
76561198101572825,Recommended,219990,23746350,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Doug,"Very fun game, it's like an upgraded titan quest"
76561198030964420,Recommended,219990,22195628,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Jund,Excellent hack n slash/arpg the design of which will evoke memories of Titan Quest and D2.  Get it!
,Recommended,219990,21539189,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Mocosloco,"Been playing it since early in, and have to say it's a great game since I installed it. Devs seem to care about content and balance with plenty of build diversity, unlike a certain 3rd iteration of Diablo."
76561198029321747,Recommended,219990,25424245,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,T O D O  B A N A N O S,"I can fling my feces against my enemies to certainly alarm them. A truly innovative and unique mechanic, making Green Dump the best ARPG ever released."
76561197971269530,Recommended,219990,23523129,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,deliamic,Excellent game
,Recommended,219990,23523172,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,StarangWundah,"Inredible game and was very addicted, but developers really need to work on the game saving mechanics. Extremely aggravated and dissapointed at this point to continue to lose characters progress randomly"
,Recommended,219990,23540937,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Uter36,Not bad but skills are boring.
76561198105086432,Recommended,219990,30164280,Posted: 25 February,all,Kickass,"9/10 pointsPros:1. Maps with hidden paths and treasures2. Double classes characters  and devotion3. well-balanced skills and sets4. Easy LV up5. Good storyCons:Only one!!!If u say Diablo 3 is an action movie, the GD must be a romantic movie.The GD combat style  is quite boring. Sadly, u only get 1 choice - fight or run, u can't do both at the same time just like Diablo3."
76561197975578460,Recommended,219990,26378284,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ArchVyle,"Love this game, core features and functions are superior than that of diablo 3's. which is kind of sad if you think about it. 9/10 MP interface could use a slight graphical upgrade but other then that its a great game."
76561198037104587,Recommended,219990,23515366,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,legnome,great game purchase this
,Recommended,219990,32650296,Posted: 22 June,all,Flavourius,"If you played Path of Exile for almost 1-2k+ hours and everyone is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on you (even your own friends) for trying to create a new build and not copying others, Grim Dawn is the holy sanctum where you simply don't care anymore and just enjoy playing arpg's again."
,Recommended,219990,32927028,Posted: 28 June,all,Xirdhoom,best arpg currently available
76561197996762492,Recommended,219990,32909663,Posted: 27 June,all,Gott,"Good game, well worth the money even at regular price"
76561198202330432,Recommended,219990,22510557,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,yo,awesome boys GG HF!
76561198018190008,Recommended,219990,22531810,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Aero182,"It's fun.This is what diablo 3 shoulve been like.I just wish there was a necromancer class XD. there is a few different beasts you can summon in different classes though, which is nice. I would just love to have an army of skeletons thats all XD"
76561198069885920,Recommended,219990,22509201,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,aX!o,This is a wonderfuly executed game. To me the first true contender to the legendary Diablo 2. Games like Torchlight and Path of Exile are great games but this is first game to truely have the Diablo 2 feel we have all be craving for.- Great Graphics- Rotating and Zooming Camera!- Action and Battle mechnics are very fluid- Wonderful dual skill tree system- Joint stash between characters- TONS of items which display beautifully on the charactersIf you are looking for a top notch action RPG this is it.
76561197961600519,Recommended,219990,22525239,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Kansan,Lots of fun. Pretty easy to understand and create your own play style.
76561198294772528,Recommended,219990,22522043,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,photoman1103,choppy and lagging. I have widows 10 so that may be the problem
,Recommended,219990,24346961,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,jono,"This is a fun game -- very similar feel to Diablo 2. The main campaign takes about 20 hours and is repeatable through 3 stages (Normal/Veteran, Elite, and Ulltimate). The combat is fast paced and fun, with mechanics mostly based on spamming, dodging, and HP kiting (especially if you're playing a melee character) . The replayability on single characters is pretty decent, since stat checks (you lose % of all resists each time you increase the difficulty level), skills, and 'constellations' (which unlock unique new character traits) make the same fights feel fresh the second time around.Also, once you make it through one playthrough, the quests are simple enough that you can run through them quickly without thinking. This is sort of a pro and a con -- I can't imagine myself mainlining this game for hours on end, but it definitely pairs well with netflix marathons/hearthstone/anything else that doesn't require your full attention. If you're solo, that is :)Recommend to anyone who likes APRGs."
,Recommended,219990,35215388,Posted: 25 September,all,Nephalos,"This game is everything Diablo 3 tried to be, with infinitely more class depth."
76561197970766595,Recommended,219990,24297787,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,karr,"At this point many others have written much more detailed reviews than what I am about to.  I won't just repeat more of the same.  Really this is less a review and just a short and sweet recommendation if you enjoy ARPG loot hunting type games (Diablo, 2 Torchlight,  etc.) then you will probably enjoy this game.  My experience has been smooth (no crashing, bugs etc) and the game feels like a very high quality product with first rate production values.   Most importantly it has been a fun experience (yes I know only 22 hours in at time of review, but thats enough to tell I will be adding to that number)!One last thing that I noticed that has not been mentioned a lot is the excellent implementation of controller support, and the automatic sensing of which you are using.  That is touch the 360 gamepad (or whatever you have) and boom the mappings and input are switched to it, touch the keyboard or mouse and it switches back.   This is wonderful It's instant, seamless, on the fly, just really well done.  I love using the controller to run about and deal with trash mobs etc, but being to instantly just by touching the mouse jump back to that more precise keyboard/mouse setup when I encounter a boss or  non trash (or just difficult situation).  All games should have such a seamless on the fly transition and multi input support."
76561198003838639,Recommended,219990,29038351,Posted: 5 January,all,ミル・ウイルム,"This game is basicaly an improvement on Titan Quest gameplay-wise.Buuuuuuuuuut...there is one really big downside. It has absolutely awful balance, or should I say lack of it. For the game that revolves around combining different masteries, it offers very small amount of viable builds. Normal and elite will be a cakewalk, but on ultimate, where the real game begins, most of builds will go straight to the trash can. A lot of abilities are overpowered at the beggining, but absolutely unusable at the endgame. Still, this game looks pretty, has great visuals and interesting lore. Falls short on story though.If you like ARPG\Hack'n'slash and want to run through normal or even elite, then absolutely go for it. If you want to stick longer...maybe you should look for another game.No matter what your build is - you have to put all stat points into physique. Applies to literally any build. Well, you might need to put a point or two into cunning or spirit to equip some gear like amulets or rifles, but that's mostly an exception. Check stat requirements of your prefered gear beforehand and use grimcalc to plan your ability point allocation."
76561197992110135,Recommended,219990,25295944,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,M3@T_5H13LD,"Tired of Diablo 3? This is the best alternative money can buy! Tons of item sets and legendary equipment, huge maps, fun missions and GREAT graphics. The game has been known to crash from time to time, but that will be my only legitimate complaint. Great game and fun to play in the dark! :D"
76561197984530233,Recommended,219990,30419559,Posted: 9 March,all,Dock Boggs,Hours and hours and hours of fun.
,Recommended,219990,26498912,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Eleantra,"Just started to put some major time into this.. Wanted to say that this is what D3 should have been.. It's a lot of fun to build a character from the ground up.. skills, devotion trees, all types of goodness. if your looking for a decent RPG please check this one out."
,Recommended,219990,28381853,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,tebruno99,"This was the game we wanted out of Blizzard. This is an amazing game, and shows that the size of the studio does not matter and infact, smaller is better.  Now if only the Blizzard fanboys would relent."
76561197975181486,Recommended,219990,30561017,Posted: 16 March,all,FiM Giggles,"It's like Diablo, or Dungeon Siege, or Torchlight, or any of the other games of the genre. Weapons have a convenient ""equipping this item will affect your DPS like this"", which is nice. Wish they had done the same for armor pieces.I had happy mindless fun with this, and might play again with another character."
,Recommended,219990,26344332,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Jaeraket,"Brings back the classic dungeon crawler esque games such as D2, Dungeon Siege, Baulder's Gate, Neverwinter, this is the best ARPG I have played in several years. 11/10 would recommend especially for the price!"
,Recommended,219990,30561085,Posted: 16 March,all,Pupunoob,"One of the best ARPGs I've ever played, and I've played quite a few. A spiritual successor to Titan Quest, you can see all the similarities if you've played both games. The hybrid class system makes a lot of different playstyles viable, and each hybrid class will have multiple builds. Lots of grinding and loot and supplementary systems to further buff up your character. This is a masterpiece. And for those that are looking for a world that's darker and grim (hehe) than say Diablo 3, this will tickle that itch too."
76561197970994640,Recommended,219990,30800688,Posted: 28 March,all,[CZ] Dr. Steve Brule,As someone thats drop more hours into ARPG's than cares to discuss this game is up there with Diablo and PoE.  I am looking forward to there upcoming expansion!
76561198072574136,Recommended,219990,31451873,Posted: 29 April,all,adam,Endless combinations and variations to existing classes. Best buy!
76561198009192659,Recommended,219990,26510791,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,K2D2,"Can't Wait for the DLC to come out!!!!This game is pure awesome!But in truth, you will encounter laggy gameplay when playing. Lots of hiccups.That being said this game is a fun romp in a dark fantasy world full of enemies waiting to be gibbed into gory pixel squishy-ness terrain stains.An enjoyable game with a fresh take on Diablo 2 esq gaming. Definitely worth picking up if you are looking for that type of gameplay, and don't mind spending a few hours or more in an unpolished looking world full of dire gritt, and well written lore."
76561198073920796,Recommended,219990,30805796,Posted: 28 March,all,Jtriffic,"If you're looking for a successor to the Diablo II experience than this is it. It has taken this long, but we FINALLY have a game that is what Diablo III should have been. This game is dark and gory as hell, it looks beautiful, the story and lore is intriguing and engaging, you get mountains upon mountains of loot and the character building system makes for seemingly unlimited replayability. My only gripe is I would have appreciated a little bit of humor. When I say this game is dark I mean it. Also the music can get repeditive, some more variation there would have been nice. But overall this is an easy 10/10 and well worth your money."
76561198027018290,Recommended,219990,20362933,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,smokinsmitty,Amazing! Great graphics smooth gameplay only negative you sometimes cant see other players in the game but if you go to town and back they reappear so its no big deal and im sure they will fix it. Alot of fun lvling and playing story and is not greedy with drops overall very satisfied!
76561198056900837,Recommended,219990,20386297,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Grisle,Great game for what it is. Has more in common with D2 than PoE and D3 do. Graphics are good for such a small dev team and the game allows for a great deal of build diversity. Only thing holding this back from being the best ARPG out is the lack of multiplayer competetiveness. No ladders or anything to compare yourself with other players. The game does have 4 player coop and dueling though.
76561198162891051,Recommended,219990,20537442,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Pikachu Nigga,I perform felacio on myself repeatedly whislt playing this game.
76561198021191845,Recommended,219990,21423950,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Zederok,AMAZING
,Recommended,219990,21468391,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,hoang.nguyen820,Great game! Very nice theme. The voice-over in the release version added great environment to the game.
76561198006629521,Recommended,219990,21986369,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,MS Paint GOTY Edition,So apparently I bought this in 2014 and never played it. Started playing it the other day and I'm hooked.I've only played a tanky Soldier with a sword and shield and I'm only level 24 but I've enjoyed every second of it. It doesn't feel 'grindy' like I expected it to and I love how powerful your character feels. Definitely worth picking up if you enjoy games of this style.
,Recommended,219990,21991480,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Emperor,Not bad.
76561198027145600,Recommended,219990,21999625,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Skpy,"All the great things we've been craving for as gamers. Just set it to the lowest resolution and travel back in time to the good old days of pc gaming. Where it was in the adventure of questing without the mmo feel and the constant agravation of getting your a** handed to you by a dungeon boss. You could say it's a compleat rip-off of diablo, but last time i checked they took thier game of to, ""innovation-land"", and ruined what was fun about the game."
,Recommended,219990,22057233,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,gian.laurenti,It's a great game! I've even bought it for a friend so i can play with him. I i wish i had more people to play with because I'd play it a lot. As long as there are updates and some changes every once in a while I'm pretty sure I'd play it for a long time!
76561198021619628,Recommended,219990,22080641,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Valgor,"If you want a game with meaninful choices, tons of gear, flexibility in builds, replayability, and you can co-op with friends!  This is it.  Stop reading reviews download the game and be just as enthralled as I am with it."
,Recommended,219990,22088684,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,GuruChaz,"I played Titan Quest and the expansion when it was originally released.  When I found out the same developer was making Grim Dawn, I backed it through Kickstarter and kept my eye on it.  My friends and I had so much fun playing Titan Quest multiplayer online and locally through LAN.   This game has lived up to expectations, which is impressive for a small crew of developers and donation funding.   I hope Grim Dawn makes money so we can see more expansions and games like this in the future from the developers.   Great work!"
76561198013769403,Recommended,219990,20291545,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Hat n Clogs,"This game is  basically Titan Quest 2.0The gameplay feels pretty much the same and the skills are rather similar, but this is not exactly a bad thing.I loved Titan Quest back in the day and it's quite nice to see a kind of upgraded version of that gem.I still play the exact same char as I did back then though. It's possible."
76561198037129819,Recommended,219990,20317961,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Inigo Montoya,You click on mobs and watch numbers grow.
,Recommended,219990,20387615,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Hypermicrobe,"I love this game. It is a very fun ARPG. Story elements are good. I love the class system with the possibility to dual-class. Loot stays interesting. Boss fights are great. Its fun to play single-player and multi-player. With a little polish this game will be soon be ready for a full release.Overall, good job Crate. Keep it up."
,Recommended,219990,20391789,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,WJG8888,"If you've been looking for a game that brings back the fun of playing Diablo II and expands on it this is that game. The theme, surroundings, visuals and music are spot on... nothing short of a work of art. Simply Amazing."
76561198145298872,Recommended,219990,20392454,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,rogueTomato,"Solid gameplay, tons of unique character builds, fascinating setting. If you are at all into ARPGs, don't pass this one up."
,Recommended,219990,20519298,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,manticores62,"I'll put it simple: this game is a real deal. If you're a fan of ARPG then look no further, just do yourself a favor and purchase it. Can't afford it with your current cash you have, then wait for a discount and buy it.Anyway...I still think there are things that can be included right after the last boss of the main story. I won't disclose here on who or what is this particular boss for it'd be a big spoiler to those who haven't played the game through the end of the line just yet, but I can see that the story can be extended more even after that, like finding some lost individual (you'll know who he is once you play it through). Also, Ethereal threat things are still lurking around the corner and the main story just leads you to deal with another antagonistic faction instead of the Ethereals that one of them managed to possess your character in the first place. So my opinion is the story can be expanded a bit more to root out this Ethereal threat, for it is the main cause that makes this game called ""Grim Dawn"" in the first place.I'll say it again that this game is great, the real deal for ARPG lovers, but I still want to see the closure of Ethereal incidents in the future...Thanks for reading my rants."
76561198008423537,Recommended,219990,20548748,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,dugalm,"I purchased Grim Dawn a long time ago, at the begining of early access. This game was very good then and now it is even better and by a lot! It reminds me of Diablo with the undead and more with a lot of treasures, monsters, ""dungeons"" and many many bosses! If this is the kind of game you would enjoy, then what are you waiting for, buy it now! The price is right!"
76561198071772772,Recommended,219990,21425186,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,HybridSoul,"I have to say..i have the most powerful gaming rig for gameplay and every new steam game and im playing this one the most...im just amazed how much content, weapons, and  monsters are here, and the area always changes none of the copy and paste. each area has its own challenge and surprises. the quests are unique...i look forward to see updates for this game...maybe perhaps more customizations (character, areas, monsters) perhaps a tower of doom ( each floor has rewards and stronger foes/bosses) nonetheless i reccomend to anyone of all ages, truly a magnificent game."
76561198133117139,Recommended,219990,21430671,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Wolfhallow,10/10
,Recommended,219990,21435022,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,saxcellent! 🍌,"Grim Dawn is *just about* everything Diablo 3 should have been, and this is a welcome addition to the ARPG genre. Dual class specializations, an engaging story, and, as many other reviewers have already pointed out, every choice you make concerning character build is important.This is one of those games where you would be doing yourself a disservice as a gamer if you simply rushed forward without engaging yourself in the available content. There is a likelyhood that I'm severely underselling what Grim Dawn is, but I cannot begin to recommend this game enough. Go forth and slay, friends."
76561198085076224,Recommended,219990,21450494,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,loopyman,Great game definitely worth it
76561198032375857,Recommended,219990,21468671,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Princess spaghetti pants,"First off they had me at former titan quest employees,  Hey remember titan quest guys?  Ya know the closest thing we ever got to a diablo 3?Gonna say what others won't this is the closest thing to diablo 3 we can hope for.   The diablo 3 that is currently around is a mmo that stole the face and title of the original diablo.  Whatever ties diablo 3 had to its lineage have been cut and ripped out by the root.  When i got disconnected from diablo 3 for being idle cause i went to eat dinner is when the last spark of hope of playing the diablo 3 i always wanted died.Grim dawn is new life sprouting from the ruined legacy of the diablo series.  It's not perfect but it gives me hope that one day i can say and feel like i've played diablo 3.  So far grim dawn while enjoyable has too many noticable original parts from titan quest.  Alot of icons and tabs and even the rift portals just look like titan quest assests with a different color.  Even alot of weapons look like they were lifted directly from titan quest and even some sounds sound way too familar.But they give me hope so just as i bought titan quest on a cd and then bought it on steam and didnt even play it much.  I gladly bought this and if they keep there promises i will buy the dlc as well.To the devs and other people from the titan quest game it has been a honor following you."
,Recommended,219990,22037132,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Eosphorus,"9/10 - IGN""it was okay"""
,Recommended,219990,22078856,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Faluzure(NerdRage),"Fantastic game, if you're a grindfest dungeon crawler this is essential."
76561198094235354,Recommended,219990,20291288,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,tigaente,"Grim Dawn is among the best ARPG games around and at currently 14 bucks cheap as hell. It has long been in the making, but it was definitely worth the wait. The Devs have continously listened to the community and made good decisions on how to design the game.Despite not having random maps as other ARPGs out there, the game yet offers endless replayability by giving the user the possibility to combine two classes with distinct set of skills to create a completely new character that plays very differently from the ones you had before.Also item drop rates are very rewarding as well as an abundant amount of usable loot that you can use to equip your characters. In many ARPG games, end game characters very often used the same gear all around and if you do not have a specific part of equipment you are basically doomed. Not so in Grim Dawn: Playing self-found only can work for many kinds of possible character builds quite smoothly. I even managed to find complete sets in this game, a feat I have not managed to accomplish in other games of this kind.The overall world and story is exciting and consistent. There is a lot of lore and other background information to be found. Travel ways are short and a town portal function is available. The game mechanics are logical and well documented in the game. The interface is easy to use and does not force the user to exuberant micro management. And lastly, the guys at the official forum are very nice and helpful if you have any kind of question.So, I'm approaching 200 in-game hours in Grim Dawn which is a lot more time than I have ever put into a game in recent years. Highly recommended!"
76561198192873965,Recommended,219990,20299418,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Dagon,"this game surpasses every other arpg that i played, the similarities with Titan quest are in there but what makes this game awesome is the combat its fast and excellent an improve from Tq.Overall, i recommend this game."
,Recommended,219990,20308064,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,GOTTLOS,"yes although, i dont have much time into Grim Dawn, within the first few minutes I am already hooked. Very gory and gritty, action packed so far, and very easy to get used to. Cannot wait to get home from work to play more. Worth the money spent, will be putting MANY hours into this. Highly Reccommend."
76561197995655733,Recommended,219990,20312832,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,"Whiskey, Whiskey!","Great game! love the gruesome visuals! I have not tried the multiplayer yet but the single player is amazing, so many class combinations."
76561198207931051,Recommended,219990,20357123,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,steinbuhamen,Love this game! So many options and so much exploring to do!
76561198009495431,Recommended,219990,20363031,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,RobinoSVK,The best ARPG at the moment... It tooks a while to understand all but I recommend this game for everybody:)
76561198037891501,Recommended,219990,20364646,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MattyDMZ,"Since so many people who are playing this game are veterans of ARPGs, and many have been playing since the early days of development, I thought I'd offer a perspective from somebody for which neither condition is true.I have never played a Diablo game.  I played the first Torchlight for about 30 minutes.  I did put a fair few hours into Titan Quest, but didn't finish it.  I am not, by any stretch of the imagination, an ARPG expert.  I do however love role-playing games in general, and have played more than I can readily count, my gaming going back 35 or so years as it does, and my memory not being the best.I just bought this during the Winter sale after eyeballing it for awhile.  I haven't finished the game, but I'm in Act 3 (and have played up to level 10 with a second character), so I've put enough hours into it to have formed a strong impression.  It's a really fun game.  The soundtrack is rousing, the different environments all look great, and the writing is solid.  I especially enjoy the writing in the various journals scatttered around.  Obviously story isn't the biggest draw of games of this (sub)genre, but for me, the quality of the story on offer here is good enough and plentiful enough that it provides strong incentive to hack my way through another swarming nest of creepy-crawlies.  (note: if you're squeamish about bugs...buyer beware)I'm never going to be the guy who will test out 100 different builds and tell you the best skills and equipment to max out your DPS or any of that stuff.  I'm not a min/max guy, won't ever be.  I can tell you that the character development choices are plentiful and fun.  Lots of skills, from your class choice, items (which can be upgraded), devotion points from restoring shrines, a million combinations of stats and powers making you feel as if you can experiment and create truly diverse characters.  I started that second, now 10th level character just so I could try some other stuff out, and she's a bomb throwing, gun-toting pyromancer who plays very differently from my heavy weapon slashing, damage soaking soldier.  So that's fun."
76561197986970704,Recommended,219990,20388111,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Cheeseus,Played this game in Earlier Early Access. Had fun and felt it had lots of possibilities in the future.Checked it the other day and it claimed it was launch ready. Tried it again and have been having a great time.Would recommend for anyone who likes ARPGs.
,Recommended,219990,20536329,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,:D,Bettter than Diablo 3. Not a Titan Quest ripoff
,Recommended,219990,20541089,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Hexador,"A neat little Diablo 2 clone with some cool variations to the formula. If you don't mind a grindy action rpg with somewhat boring environs and enemies, this is well worth the money.Though that might seem like a backhanded comment on a positive review, it is worth noting. There is a lot of brown, grey, and black. Your enemies for the first 3 hours of gameplay will be repetitive to the point that you might feel inclined to just run right past them. That isn't to say there is no variation, but that it is so minor it won't impact your strategy beyond focus firing certain things first.That said, the lack of a varied colored pallet creates an apocalyptic ambiance for Grim Dawn in a way that I never really felt while playing Diablo 2 or 3. The very heart of the land feels drained, exhausted by the abuses of those who lived there and those who obliterated its inhabitants.Both compelling from the player's perspective, and from the perspective of a people desperately trying to last a few more years before the end truly comes, Grim Dawn's story is simple at a glance. However, if you care to look deep enough you will find many different facets to a complex story of decadence and pride.The developers release updates to fix bugs and other problems frequently, which is always a reassuring sign in regards to games that are in early access."
76561198005301074,Recommended,219990,20553277,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lord Hamlet,"Grim Dawn is an excellent game and I had fun playing it. This is a pre-release review so things may change, but unless they replace game data with Superman 64 I expect my review will hold for final release.These are the things I liked about it:- Fun top down slaughterfest with addictive gameplay. Blood, gibs, explosions, magic, witchfinder general hats.- Lovecraftian storyline and very bleak setting during the twilight days of humanity. Lore that will give you chills.- Black and Grey morality with choices that change who is a friend or foe with factions that don't all get along.- Fun classes to choose from which you can mix and match to figure out what is right for you.- Large world lots of quests and many alcoves to explore, and nooks and crannies if you like those instead.- Optional Rogue-like dungeon crawl for the brave. Veteran mode is awesome for your 1st playthrough.- Hardcore mode for crazy people. Crafting for crafty people.- No karma meter to show how ""Good"" or ""Bad"" you are.- A ""Throw Feces"" ability to let you fling poo at your foes like an ape.These are the things I didn't like:- I spent a great deal of time playing the game instead of being a productive member of society.- I want a sequel or xpac, which will deprive me of more time.9/10 bits of iron, would wander around killing stuff and looting again.If this all appeals to you then you should buy it now since it is in early access and that means you can have bragging rights for owning it before it became mainstream."
,Recommended,219990,21207409,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Mayor McAnus,i would defenitly reccomend this game.. its simple enough to play.the mechanics are not clunky like i expected them to be.the game play is interesting.there is plenty of loot to be had...i really enjoy rebuilding my town...crafting items...trading with friends and the multiplayer is fantastic ! nothing better than getting a group of friends together to hack and slash all the baddies and come out on top!10/10 would reccomend to anyone who likes diablo 2esc games!
,Recommended,219990,21432768,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,B3002ms,"Live it,Learn it,BUY IT!Best ARPG I have played since probably D2, Its basically Titan Quest 2.0 and I am loving it."
76561198021806159,Recommended,219990,21435677,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,RoidRage,"to be honest this is not a bad game, its good the only thing is i tend find this game more of a filler if anything this game does not keep my intrest very long and for some reason i look at this game as a step backwards from titan quest for that game kept my intrest for awhile"
76561198031293365,Recommended,219990,21398002,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Krath,"This game is everything I loved about D2. World is gigantic, graphics are great and every character seems fun. Immersion is fantastic and doesnt feel grindy at all. Have fun exploring. I don't think I can every play POE or D3 again."
76561198032119569,Recommended,219990,21450540,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ripflex,"This game is just great, NOT cartoony graphics like D3 is, it's dark but yet colourful.  The itemization is good although some class  combinations I find not as cohesive.  Over it's fun classic ARPG romp."
,Recommended,219990,21450768,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,oXis,"I used to miss Titan Quest. Bought this game, don't miss it anymore."
,Recommended,219990,21450815,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Henri d'Aramis,"An excellent hack'n'slack / aRPG.The build diversity of Titan Quest + extra action and polished graphics and mechanics.So far, awesome."
76561198064360582,Recommended,219990,21997832,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,vizzyd,"If you like Diablo, then I would suggest this game is a must buy. Because if you have been looking for a game like Diablo but not Diablo, but has to feel like Diablo and yet not look like diablo, but should be accesible as Diablo, and still be different, then Grim Dawn will more than happy to fill your appetite for adventure and loot."
,Recommended,219990,22014260,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Misko,Good music.
76561198040314984,Recommended,219990,22027095,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Azuresquall,"Grim Dawn is, simply put, an ultra addictive and immensely rewarding ARPG.The game is designed with a love of the genre, where the emphasis on action is just as important as the number crunching build game. While it draws its atmosphere a little too heavily from other big name games in the genre, the gameplay itself lends itself to a very unique, yet no less addictive formula that makes it hard to put down.I constantly find myself thinking of new builds, and have a constant urge to force myself to try those builds rather than settle for looking up one online. There is a lot of customization here, and the different ways you can end up really have me thinking that this might just be the true successor to Diablo II."
76561197992283931,Recommended,219990,22043045,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Illijixz,"satisfying combat, dark atmosphere, build variaties, reputations and crafting. a must have for all rpg lovers out there"
76561197986104232,Recommended,219990,22084237,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,dosterenator,This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥
76561197971949341,Recommended,219990,22085180,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Ryan Berkery is drink,Exactly what Diablo 3 should have been
,Recommended,219990,22089301,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Jasspur,"Grim Dawn is an excellet twist on what ""Diabo 3"" could have been. I think this game nails everything except the lack of a secure server. I can't put aside that the developers seemed to be interested in it, and it may be a possibility if this game becomes very popular."
76561197996133377,Recommended,219990,21434312,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Hunky_Joe,"An excellent Diablo-like for those who want a challenge and love building unique character builds from scratch. There is plenty of loot, plenty of action and plenty of hours to spend destroying all that Cairn tosses at you and more. If you love Path of Exile, Torchlight, Titan Quest (Same people), or Diablo 2/3, you really owe it to yourself to purchase this game and watch the hours melt away like a candle put to a blowtorch."
,Recommended,219990,22030798,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Jamo,"I don't have a whole lot of input on things like endgame, but I'd like to leave my two cents about something probably overlooked:This game has incredible steam controller support. I actually prefer playing with my steam controller over using M + K.The rest of the game is swell and dandy but kudos to the devs for making the game work so well on controller."
76561198072004358,Recommended,219990,22506090,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,HARROGATH,"Small brother of Titan Quest who was a very good game, you won't be disappointed by Grim Dawn ! More darker and harder, if you are looking for challenge this game is for you. Highly recommended for all ARPG lovers !"
,Recommended,219990,22519260,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Maehem,Love this game!
76561198071965249,Recommended,219990,22520324,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,kalwiic,Good game!
76561198183902030,Recommended,219990,20380821,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,h.jelen,"This is the finest arpg experiance i have ever had. The playstyle is remeniscent of Diablo 2 and Titans Quest, but deeper. It's also a hard game but a fair one."
76561197962832174,Recommended,219990,20381792,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ItsAbonanza!,"This game is shaping up to be a really good ARPG, and when it's finished, will probably be better than Path of Exile. As it is right now it is Feature complete and they will probably be moving into Beta very soon, there are very few bugs in the game as it is and so far in my 45+ hours of playing it I've encountered no game stopping bugs, not one. The class masteries/skills are in dire need of balancing, as there are numerous complaints from players on their forums saying playing one build over the others will make even the hardest difficulty a breeze, also people can dupe items, which makes playing for 10 hours trying to get a specific drop from a monster pointless. But the Devs are very attentive and will introduce gameplay balancing and put measures to stop clients from duping items, all this to come in beta before official release. Definitely recommend if you're into ARPGs like diablo and torchlight. If you liked Titan Quest then you will probably like this game as it is very similar, and the Dev team came from the team behind TQ. Also you have co-op so bring a friend, makes the game harder but more loot."
76561197990956866,Recommended,219990,20384542,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,badesumofu,"In 62 hours played I have exprienced 1 crash and 1 glitch which makes this game more stable than most full release games. It is also a lot of fun to play. Being a fully offline singleplayer focused ARPG it is a good complement to Diablo 3, or alternative if the always online nature of that game furstrates you. This is a fun and complex game that takes quite a long time to get the hang of. It also loads up quickly, very quickly. The time from 'I might play some GD now' to killing monsters is probably about 10 seconds.Highly reccomended for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,219990,20514058,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,cadet ferzola,Early access done right.
76561198021918822,Recommended,219990,20615357,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,The Storm,"So I've played this game for about 289 hours, and it's improved dramatically since a couple of years ago. However, there are still a few glitches. The game crashes sometimes and takes my entire PC with it (kmode exception/BSOD). Also, there's a nasty blacksmith bug that's been around for a while and hasn't been fixed yet. You use the recipes to learn them but they don't appear in the blacksmith's list. And the recipe is gone. No clue how to fix that one, but I've lost several recipes to that bug. These things aside, the game is an excellent 'spiritual successor' to Titanquest."
,Recommended,219990,22220101,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Syrus84,This is to Diablo 3 what like City Skylines has been to Sim CityNothing else to add....FU Blizzard and EA....
76561198106802503,Recommended,219990,35439040,Posted: 3 October,all,jerryoblego,best RPG ever
76561198006025324,Recommended,219990,19298454,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,mxcan,"Man, what can I say that hasn't been said before, great developers, reasonable collaboration with the community and an ever growing game.  Well, it helps that the game is very good, of course. If you loved Titan Quest or are an ARPG fan, do yourself a favour and get this one. You will very likely have a good time overall with the product.BTW, if you dont have TQ and its expansion, and are an ARPG fan, really recommended as well. it's a true classic.Although no game is perfect, the most negative thing I found with Grim Dawn is that now I'll expect other early access games to have this quality. The pace the game was developed was also good enough, kudos to Crate!"
,Recommended,219990,20283691,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Yoozero,"I haven't put many hours to the game yet. But in one sentence I would describe this game as ""The Diablo 3 we never had."" If you enjoy clickfest games like Diablo and Torchlight, this game is a must buy.Pros- Dark, gritty, bloody- MEGA LOOT!! Haven't seen another game with so many loot ever since Borderlands inception- Deep class and skill customization (There are a total of 20 or so classes that you can combine each other)- Reputation system with various factions granting you exclusive items and blueprints- Good camera rotation controls and nice zooming (D3 zoom camera with the keyboard ""Z"" is a joke!)- Humongous map!- Did some googling and the official release is on February 2016 and we getting another class.- Cheap price (even cheaper than Diablo 3 which has been out for several years now)- No need of internet connection for single playerCons- No transmog- Combat animation is a bit out of date (But not that frustrating during gameplay for those graphic sensitive gamers)- Wish it had some sort of  character customization physique, face, hair etc."
76561198089749320,Recommended,219990,30029000,Posted: 19 February,all,tekki,Grim Dawn is> long> heaps of options> heaps of enemies> heaps of different kinds of enemies> quite challenging> not really engrossing and somewhat dry after act 3> probably good for Diablo diehards who want to relive D2
76561197963644797,Recommended,219990,20137824,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kraft Dinner,"An incredible follow up to Titan Quest that finds that sweet spot between Path of Exiles needlessly complex customization and clunky combat and Diablo 3's lack of depth and basic mechanics. Featuring full 360 degree camera control, Interactive quest dialogue leading to multiple outcomes, Faction system that lets you ally with different groups as you earn their trust and complete bounty board missions and Multi class system that lets you blend 2 classes together to create even more hybrid classes.Buy this game. Support Crate Entertainment."
,Recommended,219990,31811737,Posted: 17 May,all,loki,this game is better than d3  10/10
,Recommended,219990,31815313,Posted: 17 May,all,WHAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT,To me it feels like the perfect mix between not being as crazy as path of exile while being much more in depth than diablo. Havent hit late game content yet but Dont have any plan on stopping. Game has me hooked.
,Recommended,219990,24430315,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,GreyZ,"Amazing ARPG, after playing for some time I have to say it's probably my all time favourite. It takes the best parts of Diablo2 and Titan Quest and massively expands on them.Pros:+ Amazingly moody presentation with great lighting and shadow effects and a very crisp look.+ Very atmospheric grimdark post apocalyptic world. I actually enjoy reading the numerous character dialogues and lore in this game.+ Huge character build variety where you can take almost any concept you can think of and make it viable.+ Complex character system to min-max+ Mod support, no online requirements+ Fantastic combat, that just feels *right*, attacks feel weighty, enemies are destroyed in a satisfying fashion, it has flashy abilities, but not as overbearingly colorful as a diablo3 for example.+ The sound of the game is brilliant.+ Great number of options for graphics, sound, UI, gameplay and controls. The game can even be played with a joypad if you are so inclined, the steam controller in particular is fantastic for this game.+ Multiple difficulties and special endgame content.+ Great loot drop system, in this game treasure chests are actually worthwhile.+ Well hidden secret areas make exploring the maps a joy.+ Beautifully handcrafted areas.Cons:- It has no persistent online-only modes like Diablo 3 and Path of Exile.  So if you are looking for more of a MMO with ladders, lots of trading and a huge endgame grind with guilds, this isn't it. This game is best enjoyed Coop with a friend or Singleplayer.- Since there is no persistent online system and characters are saved locally you could of course run into cheaters if you play in a public online game.- It's very grimdark game, it's a matter of preference if you like this.- The character system, in particular the devotion system are complex and requires some thought to get the most out of, it isn't as simple to pick up as Diablo3 and is quite a bit more complex than Diablo2.  This is both a pro and a con.- Not everything is as well explained as it could be and the developer could've used some more streamlined terminology in their skill descriptions."
,Recommended,219990,31063841,Posted: 10 April,all,Frosty,"Grim Dawn is a phenomenal game (considering I bought it on sale for $12). It plays eerily similarly to old school Diablo titles, which in my book is amazing. The depth of character customization is a bit overwhelming at the start. The player has the choice of mixing an matching any two of the available class choices, or simply playing a single class. On top of the class choices and skill trees within each class, there are five different classifications for devotion point application using a system of constellations. If in depth customization and Diablo style games are you thing, Grim Dawn is the game for you.My sole complaint is that the game occasionally freezes up / crashes with no apparent pattern."
,Recommended,219990,31262312,Posted: 20 April,all,krondar,"If you like aRPGs, give this game a chance. You will not regret it :)Pros:- Character development. You can mix two classess, you can stay with one - your choice. A mage and a warrior? Why not! Pure shaman? It's your choice again. Skill system is pretty the same with the Titan Quest one, just better character classess here. You can pay and reskill some points if you don't like the skill, some don't be affraid to test new combinations :)- Nice atmosphere. It's dark and serious. A real grown up game, without those happy Diablo 3 colors ;) Wan't some decapitated bodies on the wall? It's all here!- Complex weapon system. And a lot of weapons. Wan't an arcanist with a greatsword? Your choice.- Free updates with new areas etc.- It's highly addictive. Believe me ;)Cons:- A little clunky animation of main char. If you seen Titan quest you know what I mean :) It's ok, but could be better.- I'm trying to think one more, but that is not an easy task. Nope, nothing more... ;)"
,Recommended,219990,22030383,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Herb,something something waah diablo 3 sucks this is what it should've been
76561197986629379,Recommended,219990,22775620,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Vali,Nice old time diablo 2 feel
76561198019213010,Recommended,219990,7686730,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,This_Guy,"Pretty good so far. Reminds me of Hellgate with the setting, gear and play style. Lets hope it keeps getting better."
,Recommended,219990,14924932,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,wabontulous,"Grim dawn is an ARPG in development. The loot is addicting consisting of normal to epic items and then crafting materials.  My biggest gripe would be that you only consistently use 2-3 skills per character, but respeccing is available. Good graphics, highly replayable, good forum community. Grim dawn comes recommended."
76561197970499705,Recommended,219990,30309365,Posted: 3 March,all,mcgtron,"Definitely on my top-10 all-time favorite ARPG list. I like it better than Titan Quest, Van Helsing, and the Sacred & Torchlight games. Equal to or better than PoE (blasphemy, I know), Diablo 1, 2 & 3 and Darkstone.I enjoy the setting, the extensive lore, the multitude of secrets, the incredibly detailed environments, the soundtrack (though I wish there were a lot more songs in it) the combat, the loot, and the creative Devotion system; heck I enjoy most every aspect of this game. My few complaints would be that some boss mosters are a bit OP, and after easily wading through the corpses of every trash mob in the area, a boss pack can spawn that kills me repeately before I manage to take it down; at times the level design layout can be a bit confusing; and there is no was to respec attribute points - even Diablo 2 lets you do it once per dificulty level.You get a LOT of gameplay for your buck with Grim Dawn, and with a large expansion on the way it easy to say that everyone who enjoys a good ARPG ought to play Grim Dawn. This game ought to sit near the top of any respectable list of top ARPGs."
76561197977743673,Recommended,219990,7602668,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,[ash] benny1987,TitanQuest 2.0. Just perfect even in this stage of development.
76561197972551003,Recommended,219990,17012475,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,zerachiel,"Simply brilliant and addictive. Easy to play, difficult to master. For a so called early access it has tons of content and has a polished feel to it many complete games don't have let alone early access games.I would highly recommend this to anyone who loved Diablo2 and similar games."
,Recommended,219990,25357277,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,-SNiGS- Maverick,"Honestly, no complaints here. it's the marriage of Titan Quest and Diablo into a nice 2016 polish."
76561198015082163,Recommended,219990,14829431,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,WexWex,Grim DawnDone. Get it. Muliplayer is up.If you need help resetting your router let me know.The host can try inviting if your friends are not close.  But always online.
76561197972443865,Recommended,219990,14910656,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,IFuckYourFace,"Like Diablo but better. It has some aesthetics from Wasteland. Music and sound FX are excellent.Cool bosses and ever expanding dungeons and caverns!  Tiered landscape inside and out.Love the graphics and physics!  For the money you can’t go wrong.  Can’t stop playing... so much loot, so much...."
76561198041623135,Recommended,219990,19678839,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,bohicette,"If Titan Quest and Diablo 2/3 had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love child, it would be Grim Dawn.I really am looking forward to this being complete.  The game is GINORMOUS.  If you are a completist who likes to uncover every last bit of the ""fog of war"" you are in for a treat and some very long sessions.  I only have about 20 hours in so far and have barely made through about half of act 2.Overall a very solid and fun ARPG.  If you loved Titan Quest, and I did, definitely get this game.8.5 / 10."
76561198124975036,Recommended,219990,14818501,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,dzdncnfsd73,"I was very sceptic buying this but i rather enjoyed it , was like Diablo 3 or VanHelsing . Before i knew it i was playing it 8 hours lol If you like this genre it`s a great addition"
76561198103287822,Recommended,219990,14849167,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,John.Weak,This game made Diablo 3 look like the one in alpha stage.. xD
76561198001017096,Recommended,219990,14871758,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Flenser,LOVE this game! Very Diabloesque.... love the classes and the stories! If you liked Diablo and Diablo 2 you are sure to love Grim Dawn!
,Recommended,219990,16433729,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Zingeljig,Awsome game.  Get it in ya.
,Recommended,219990,16863870,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,vvrockerdox,This is a sleeper... just pure fun and entertainment. Worth every penny for me.
76561198129959806,Recommended,219990,16964570,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Yoshi,So Far I have only played Hardcore mode. I got to lvl 18 with a pure Soldier build.. I died... But I gotta say I absolutely loved every hour of gameplay I think this game can go really far. The basics are packed down great but I would love love love to see more options and capabilities with multiplayer. Please =]
,Recommended,219990,23443057,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MAiqtheLiar,>Diablo-esque loot system>Lovecraftian lore/plot>Hardcore Mode with permadeath>single player mode is genuinely fun rather than an afterthought>multiplayer mode even more fun10/10 Would bang.
76561198103431330,Recommended,219990,14816882,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Fun Fact Filibuster,"First impressions (2 hours of gameplay, still early access): It reminds me of Diablo 2. To compare anything in the dungeon diving genre to the Diablo franchise would be unfair in any other comparisson. The developers of Grim Dawn have outdone themselves and have created a very exansive and original world. There are unique classes with unique builds.More to come after 10 hours of gameplay."
76561198025375881,Recommended,219990,14880684,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,barisakbay,"For an early access game, this one has a breadth that surpasses many fully completed arpgs that I know of. Built on the solid foundations of Titan Quest, it delivers the same excellent character building and loot formula, and expands upon it with decision making, meticulously hand crafted maps and witty text content. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,219990,15031449,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Mr. Malbolgia,"Dark, ominous and fun - Grim Dawn is everything I want out of an action RPG.  It remains to be seen how deep the mechanics and character builds are, but as an early release, these developers have earned my money."
76561198025110667,Recommended,219990,19982374,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ser Mallycakes,"My tale starts with the release of Diablo 3, I was unfamilar with the franchise but as a WoW player at the time there was a lot of hype about the place and I kinda got badgered into giving it a blast. I was very disappointed, this was not what I considered an RPG. Sure there were quests, but it was pretty much just one main story quest after another. Sure you built your character, but it ended pretty much the same whichever choices you made. Only the classes really varied from one another.I tried D3 again about a year later, since I'd paid for it, with lowered expectations. The style of gameplay kind of grew on me. But the lack of customization still bothered me.I came across this on the recommendation of an accquaintence, it sat in my library for a while before being given a proper chance, but now I'm love with it, The classes are very customisable and my character really feels like my own. I've also tried Path of Exile, which is similar and free to play, but ultimately preferred this.TL:DR This is like.. well good. It's like Diablo 3 only better."
,Recommended,219990,23250697,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Nahd Impoortant,"For me, It's torchlight II mixed with darksoul theme. And I rate this 9/10,  1 point above torch light 2 because the world is more expansive and beautiful plus the horde even more unforgiving, the one who have more buff and debuff skill is the enemy, so It really challenged me. I play this in highest setting and the world is beautiful, it would be no shame if the camera using more zoom.I play as demolition class which should be a range character class, I'm happy for a while that I can use explosive bullet, it makes me relatively untouchable, but I got bored because enemy can't do me harm even the bosses who 5-8 level above my character. I just keep distance, dodging every projectiles, go to safe range, shoot again, and I survive the horde. So I play using melee weapon in demolition class, surprisingly, it works, using one hand melee weapon and shield. The demolition class have a toggle spell like a fire defense, it explode when you get hit, and the explosion bullet can be upgraded so I can use it in a melee weapon, so area around me in melee is pretty dangerous, I even got a shield that have a blast defense, which exploded when I take hit. then I take mortar skill to help the area damage around me where enemy is concentrated. My hp goes 20%-40%, since I focus in cunning  stat, in many bosses fight. But it's fun, knowing that the character I play have alternative game play that totally different.I recommend this game, buy it guys, I want this developer make the next Grim Dawn for us."
76561198076527666,Recommended,219990,23650571,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Malvolion,"Grim Dawn is a loot-driven ARPG in vein of Titan Quest or Diablo (and it's more Diablo/Diablo 2 than Diablo 3 ;). Set in a bleak and desolate world (fantastic Victorial feel, btw), just after the apocalypse caused by an invasion of otherworldy malevolent spirits called the Aetherials and just before another apocalypse, planned by another faction of mass murdering worshippers of a cosmic horror called Cthon. The player character has just recovered from the possession by an Aetherial and is set upon the task of regrouping the remnants of humanity and rebuilding the civilization. All in all, the lore is interesting and immersive, so it's worth reading the quest texts, dialogues and lore notes found through the entire game.The player can choose 2 from 6 different masteries, to create a character best suited for his/her playstyle: melee, ranged, spellcaster, pet master, assassin, whatever you want. The classes and skills are mostly well balanced, so almost any class combination is playable.  You can further customize your playstyle with Devotion system, by earning skill points that are used to gain passive bonuses or even new and powerful skills.The game isn't stingy with loot, you can find it off the many and varied monsters, chests, hidden caches, you can craft your own items with the help of your local blacksmith, buy them from the factions vendors (yes, there are factions you can earn reputation with and it's not as tedious as in, let's say WoW) whatever suits you. In addition to weapons, armor and trinkets you can find components that can further enhance your gear.Did I mention Grim Dawn has tons of replayability value and three ""new game+"" modes? It also has modding tools and regular free content updates. The game doesn't have many bugs, during 230+ hours of playtime I haven't encountered any. The devs are friendly and in touch with the community, which is also quite friendly and helpful.I can absolutely recommend this game for all the loot-lovers, especially those turned off by syrupy sweetness of Diablo 3. 10/10"
,Recommended,219990,13034697,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Teddy4Skin,"love it so far, this bit I've played, truly waiting for full release and just wanted to support the aweomse devs with titan quest in their blood!one request..........please, please, PLEASE add same screen co-opthis game just BEGS for it!"
,Recommended,219990,30691306,Posted: 23 March,all,jruby0089,I cannot recommend this game enough. I have lost hours of my life into it switching from class to class to try out the various mechanics. The gameplay is solid. The design is solid. The difficulty is just infuriating enough to keep me coming back. Every time I start a new playthrough I am finding things I overlooked on the last 5. The level of detail that went into this game is astounding and the lore for the world is incredible.
76561198088103020,Recommended,219990,34891009,Posted: 11 September,all,JunMeowMing,"I bought this game during it's Early Access and felt so guilty after leaving it on my Library to rot. The game is quite intense on the later parts (and difficulty) of the game and provides artistically-design yet grim places to explore. It's like playing Diablo and Titan Quest all at the same time. I would probably recommend this to people who like ARPGs and since Diablo clones are rare on Steam, I suggest to grab this game."
76561198019144518,Recommended,219990,14802799,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Faeyd,"Early Access!? What a solid game already.  Can't wait to see what this game will have to offer come full release.If your a fan of ARPGs, i highly recommend picking this one up."
,Recommended,219990,14893980,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jillette,"I have had this game only a short while and it is still in development, but I feel confident in saying that the gameplay is rock solid so far. The skills are fun and build on each other well, I have been playing a Nightblade/Sorcerer called a Witch Hunter in game. I currently have a little bird that heals me and zaps the daylights out of my enemies, and I am having fun trying figure out if the debuffs are actually working. So I guess if you are the type that doesn't mind a few bumps here and there, this game may make you happy. Titan Quest was one of my major time consumers in the past, Grim Dawn is set to take over the mantle for a while.Basically, if you like Diablo, Titan Quest, or any game that uses a similar setup, you will probably get your money's worth out of this one. The developer is still working hard on this too, always a good sign, and also another good reason to support them."
,Recommended,219990,14908553,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Reil,"The more I play this game, the more I like it. It's a lot like what I hoped D3 would be and original in its own right. The graphics and art design start out good and keep getting better as you progress. I like the skill trees and mastery system a lot. You can play like a slob and burn lots pots, or harness your character to be more efficient and deadly. The game feels less linear than similar titles and has a decent amount of dialogue and literature opportunities, but doesn't force feed you a story. It's just fun."
76561198005326480,Recommended,219990,24054602,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,steelersfan01,"After 400+ hours and multiple playthroughs, I feel obligated to write a review.This game is a lot of fun with a great storyline, a lot of hidden areas to find and lots of stuff to kill.  There are many ways to customize your character to fit your playstyle, whether it's by brute fore, range attacks or magic.  I've had no issues with the game itself, other than it sometimes crashing when shutting down the game, which is easily remedied by playing in windowed mode so you can Ctrl+Esc out of it.  My only gripe are the minimal amount of blueprint drops and how long it takes to get what you need to make some of the relics.Overall though, this is a great game and is worth the price, especially if it is on sale.  Basically, if you enjoyed Diablo 3, you will LOVE Grim Dawn."
,Recommended,219990,16761809,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Is[L]aRikka,Hope it can grow to 10 mysteries
76561198052582142,Recommended,219990,19667270,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Sheaden,"Has some bugs, it'll occasionally hang. It's early access.This game is a blast. My girlfriend and I were looking for a fun ARPG to co-op on LAN. This game fits the role perfectly.Instanced Loot = No bickering about who ninja'd what gear.Great gameplay with very interesting character customization.So many awesome ways to customize your character it's nice to be able to fight how you want to fight. Period.Great crafting system. Interesting bosses. Very satisfying visual effects. So many cool abilities.I've already poured over 140 hours into this game and I know I'm going to play a whole lot more.If you like Diablo/Path of Exile styled games you should definitely give this game a shot!"
,Recommended,219990,22833677,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,67Stations,"Grim Dawn hits a sweet spot that I really like. If you like old school style ARPG's like Diablo 2, and specifically Titan Quest, Grim Dawn is a game for you. I loved Titan Quest when I finally got it on a Steam sale and played it for a good while. I remember remarking how I liked TQ more than the Diablo series, Path of Exile or Torchlight 1 & 2. I'll always be a fan of those games and still play them from time to time but Grim Dawn has that extra bit of magic that lures me in.When I heard that a few former employees of Iron Lore were developing another ARPG using the TQ engine, I immediately followed it and waited patiently for it to release, I didn't kickstart it due to the fact that I wanted to play Grim Dawn after it was 'finished' and the developers felt that they had the game in a finished state. Not to mention that I really didn't have the cash to throw them during early development. So glad that they got the support they needed to work on and develop the game.As far as Grim Dawn goes, it's got all of the hallmarks of a great dungeon grinder without the flash and ego stroking that seems so integral to the latest release in the Diablo series. There are achievements to be acquired but none of the cheese lore or shortcut literary devices that seemed so apparent in the latest Diablo. It seems like the developers actually hired people who loved and had a skill for creating dark and mythic worlds. With some games you have to wonder if the people behind the scenes actually love, have an appreciation for, and are educated about horror / fantasy writing, movies, games, etc.The setting is dark and witchy...scary at times. The setting reminds me of what Diablo was and could have evolved into beyond Diablo 2. This is a game intended for mature gamers not impatients chasing after pretty things to show off to their competitors for a ego fix.  If a developer could make a first person RPG set in this type of world with this level of darkness, grit, and horror I'd be in heaven.The lore is deep and the developers include all sorts of lore notes to be found in the world along with detailed conversations with the helpful citizens about the world of Cairn. It's all here...zombies, witchcraft, sociopathic nobles who sell out their kingdoms for power and glory, evil human sacrificing cults intent on bringing about the end of the world, monstrous evil things lurking from beyond the void ready to enslave or annihilate humanity. There are also the victims that you want to help. Families and children who somehow survived this apocalyptic event and you have the choice to become their defender. Being a huge fan of HP Lovecraft, I immediatly saw connections and references to his style of writing. The main story is engrossing and interesting.There is a level of mystery here concerning the player. What's your role and are you a 'good' guy or 'bad' guy? The player starts out with a level of unknowing-ness and mystery that only accents the game. Nothing is really set in stone about what your role is and what it is you're meant to do...besides KILL the monsters and collect their stuff !! Things eventually start to flesh out and all I can say is that it gets better as it goes on. You can't judge this game from a 10 hour playthrough.The action is engrossing and I'm amazed at times how my character is in the midst of a huge battle with my entire screen literally full of enemies. The graphics are great and easily measure up to my expectations. The environmental detail is great; from the rocks and trees to a huge mound of skulls you encounter in a deep, dark cavern. The art direction and artists who designed the environments and monsters are skilled to say the least. I find myself zooming in on my character so I can get a better glimpse of some twisted corpse hanging from a gallow or chained to the wall.I'm amazed that this is the same engine that they built Titan Quest on. They've clearly tweaked things and pushed them to the limit to include day night cycles, weather effects, rain, snow, etc. The effects don't have the Hollywood gloss and sheen that Blizzard seems to pull off but somehow the old school style seems more satisfying to me. Another great twist from all of the ARPG's that I've played is the ability to rotate the camera 360 degrees so you can get a view from any angle. Very helpful when looking for secret stashes in some dark dungeon.There is a ton of loot. Stuff drops everywhere full on all the time. It might not all be great or even useful but you can easily loot and sell the measly stuff to enlarge your iron (gold) stash. I love the devotion system and dual specialty picks. The possibilities are endless but you can end up making disastrous choices with your attribute points which you cannot respec. No problem if I mess up my attribute points, I'll just start another character. This game rewards the patient. Mastery points put into your class can be respecd but you cannot change your class after you pick your first at level 2 and again at level 10.The music is phenomenal. Steve Pardo, who I believe did the music composition, adds a great soundtrack to the game. This was one of the highlights of my first few hours as I was interested as to what other music tracks I would encounter. The sound design is engrossing and I love all of the environmental sound effects. The voice tracks provided so far are well done and hopefully there will be more added in the future. It'd be great to see some more cut scenes in the vein of the opening cut scene at the beginning of the game.As far as performance goes, I've seen a few people saying that they have issues running the game. I've encountered one bug in my game so far. Sometimes my switch weapon ability becomes stuck and I can't switch my weapons or I get a notice saying that I only have one weapon set equipped. A restart has fixed this so far. I haven't noticed any bugs beyond that. Sometimes if I alt tab out of the game to the windows desktop I notice a slight drop in my FRAPs fps count nothing crippling though. I haven't experienced one crash so far in almost 70 hours of play.The Grim Dawn (Crate) website is great. The developers post usual updates to the game and detail what they're working on and planning to release. There's tons of information about various builds and other game related things. You can tell that the developers really want to have a solid level of communication with the player base.This game rocks...period. I love it and have been fully engrossed in the world of Cairn for a good 3 weeks now. I'll be following Crate to see what other projects they work on in the future as well as any expansions to the game. I'm really interested to see where they take this IP."
76561197978806046,Recommended,219990,23446085,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Scotteric21,"If you long for the days of D2 LOD and the endless fun of that classic, this is the closest anyone has come since.  Multiple viable hardcore builds.  Multiple fun softcore theme builds.  Theorycrafting galore. If you ever spent days farming Meph for Titan's Revenge for your Amazon, or months building the Tal Rasha set for your Sorc; the thrill of farming Chaos Santuary with your Engima'd Trapasin.  This is the game for you.  It runs smooth as silk (100fps +) at 1440p with everything cranked to ultra on my GTX 980.Titan Quest was pretty fun,  Grim Dawn is better.  Torchlight 2 is still fun.  Grim Dawn is better.D3 has risen from the ashes of a sad launch to a very good game now with competent producers.  Grim Dawn is slightly better; combat in both feels great, but the build variety in GD is superior.POE is nice, but GD is the current champ as POE tends towards complexity for its own sake rather than a good feedback loop.Really, the only reason D2 LOD is still king is because of the procedurally created maps.  That's it.  GD is that close to the masterpiece.Grim Dawn is a nice offline capable (why is that even a thing???) ARPG.  My dream game would be D2 LOD tuned for modern capabilities in screen resolution, view distance, and general graphics improvement.  Grim Dawn has all of that.I play hardcore characters and love GD.  Even walking through Aether and dying the first time has to make you smile after the initial rage WTF? you blurt out.  There is a great community posting builds and gameplay tips.Start a shaman, grab a two hander, get primal strike and enjoy your new addiction!  Grim Dawn is worth every penny!"
,Recommended,219990,12958851,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Deathbit #vLc,A steadily growing game ... frequent enough updates ... all in all lots of build options and if you liked titan quest this is a sure buy.God im too tired to write reviews .... so tired... so tired  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
76561198006567788,Recommended,219990,23997642,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Meistermime,"I've spended some hours to dive into this game. I'm actually a kind of addicted because I just want more and even better loot. The character system is pretty neat. You want to be a pet summoning knight with sword and shield? No problem. One thing you really need to like is the hack and slay system, otherwise you would be a little bit dissapointed.Pro:- Character system- Loot system- Artwork - Just like the Intro (I hope they do more. Intros for new acts or as rewards for killing a really big boss)- Loot quantity (Lots of little bosses with loot to gather)- Good loot storage (wish there is even more)- Many hidden things on the maps with rewards (it invites to explore)- Building up system (could be more and with more usefull benefits - especially for the villages)- Nice idea with the respect system for the different fractions- Also inviting benefits at the fractions it self- Nice NPC action some times ;p- Easy and good lootfilterCons:- Loot quality (Example: I'm lvl 51 fighting against lvl 54 get loot for lvl 30 and below - you're going mad, because you really need the better gear)- Loot balance it self (the lvl range is sometimes jumping arround like a lunatic)- The sound is not that well fitting into this game (my opinion)- The amound of exp you get during the 2nd walkthrough (can't say anything about the 3rd walkthrough yet)- The amound of bosses on one spot (2nd walkthrough) - They simply kill you if you're not fast enough (Just one second to react sometimes) - and the loot quality after defeating them is just poor- You need to reach the next riftgate otherwise you can do everything over again- Missing the marks on the map (If you find hidden places they wont be marked in your map, so far you really need a good memory, otherwise you're walking arround like a blindfolded fool because you need to find one again for a quest)- The story is actually good. But you can't really dive into it.Wishes:- Possibility to set permanent marks on the map- A quest marker which you can toggle on and off (sometimes you're hunting for a bounty and cant find that guy)- Possibility to create your very own weapon/ armor/ accessoire- More of the artwork like in the intro. It could help delivering the story better. The story it self is not bad, but you're not noticing that much of it."
76561198010933253,Recommended,219990,30225386,Posted: 27 February,all,(ZX10)_BarbQed,"I have this game through GOG and I have to say after playing it only to level 42 it is a deeply satisfying and old-school arpg. It takes the things I love about titan quest, diablo, and others and blends them seamlessly together into an addictive and highly replayable game. Like Titan Quest, you have multiple classes, one you get at level 2 and the other at level 10, which you can mix and match to create your own class. This system was deep and incredibly fun in Titan Quest but was very slow to get rolling at the start. Grim Dawn fixes this, from my first moments in the game I always felt like a badass. The devotion system allows for even deeper customization and access to devotion skills which add additional effects to your base skills such as shooting out life leeching bat fangs or summoning clouds of swirling death around your character. Overall I would recommend this game if you really liked Titan Quest as it most closely resembles that game, but any fan of ARPGs would have a good time. The only downsides I have is that if you run it in fullscreen, when you exit it's likely to blackscreen your computer. Not too much of an issue since you can just do windowed borderless, and the second is that this games seems to demand a lot of graphical power. My old 770 stuttered like crazy and just didn't work very well with the game and my 1070 kicks its fans up to a noticable speed when playing. Not too sure why that is but something to be aware of."
76561198038256423,Recommended,219990,14802664,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Grok,Diablo meets Dark alliance meets fate
,Recommended,219990,15033286,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,A4.Greenlace,"""10/10 it's playable"""
,Recommended,219990,20947036,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,LordOky,Haven't Had these Feelings since Diablo 2 Enought Said <_<D2 On roids basically. 9.5/10   ill score 10 if they add Actual servers to the game.
76561198012514261,Recommended,219990,29010047,Posted: 4 January,all,Seisho,"Okay I have not yet played that much but one thing I can say for sure: If you like the setting (which has a similar atmosphere to warhammer fantasy)  and Titan Quest you will like this game.Character, Skill trees, dual class system, equipment - basically all that is like it was in titan quest, but in several points its betterYou don't have to play god know how long to reskill, you can actually craft equipment and special itemsm the ragdolls don't behave weird and glitchy and it is very atmosphericthe new things are also neat - devotion to get more boni for your character, item skills, the new crafting and factions which can be your buddies...or arch nemesisAlso, you actually influence the world with your quests. You rebuild bridges, blow entrances into caves, repair the water supply of the village - and that is only the beginning, I am eager to find out what else there is"
,Recommended,219990,11823104,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,TweAk,best game to date in my eyes
76561198053126199,Recommended,219990,13622195,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Yuri,Has a lot a pottencial
76561198003403671,Recommended,219990,16975771,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,JS,As a fan of THQ's Titan Quest this is a must buy when it comes out of beta!And the gloomy/horrific pace of the game is a nice place to get down to slaying!
76561198107559132,Recommended,219990,25214551,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Tarik,"This game is a definite 8 out of 10 only because of a few minor things that may or may not bug you. As a hack'n'slash type RPG, it offers everything you might expect from the genre. There are tons of loot to be found, secret areas to be explored, powerful heroes & bosses to be fought, etc. The classes are varied and each are unique in their own way, depending on your playstyle and skill choices, of course. In addition to the skill tree, there is a system called ""devotion"" with its own and fairly complex tree to further specialize your character.If you have played Titan Quest before, then Grim Dawn will feel like a sequel in terms of gameplay mechanics. Like in Titan Quest's Epic and Legendary game modes, Grim Dawn allows you to play the game again while maintaining your equipment, level and skills. This mode is split into two parts, elite and ultimate, respectively. The game gets a lot harder each time, but the loot gets better too. The game's top-tier legendary items are only available from elite onwards.So why 8? Because I didn't find the maps particulary interesting. While they certainly convey feelings of dread, war and destruction, I kinda expected more variations. There are caves, grasslands, dungeons, caves, grasslands, and more dungeons. That is not to say there is no unique landscapes, but the variety is fairly limited. Although there are nice little secret areas, it's a bit tiresome to grind through the game with little change in environment. Other than that, Grim Dawn is spectacular game with great graphics."
76561198045288897,Recommended,219990,26146425,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Dr. Watermelon,"All the things I loved from Diablo 2, and nothing I hate about Diablo 3.Targeting can tricky with auto-attacking.Atmosphere is appropriately dark.Having three attributes makes character-building pretty meh, BUT you DO get actually assign a stat to raise.PROS:NO bugs.Solid voice-acting, and a large portion of dialogue is voiced.Stat buildingRewarding skillsCONS:Combat becomes reppetiveRanged combat a little awkward"
,Recommended,219990,14125251,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Dadetka,It simply the best!
76561198028047504,Recommended,219990,14817003,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Xakor,This game is a steal.
76561197982325819,Recommended,219990,14854490,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Renudd,great game +1!
,Recommended,219990,14891084,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ndwebb,"Overall a great game. I had some issues running it in fullscreen mode but once I got that worked out it ran pretty well. It plays a lot like Dungeon Siege (the inventory system is pretty much lifted right from that game), while the skilltree system is a lot like Titan Quest. The combat is a little clunky, but usable and fun when you get used to it.The thing this game does best is leave you room for error. You can reallocate points on your skills to make them work better. You can also remove components from your weapons and armor and reuse them should you find a better weapon. There is plenty of room for experimentation and error. Additionally, the penalty for death increases as you reach a higher level. If you die at level 1 you pretty much don't lose anything, while dying at level 20 will cost a good chunk of experience.The game is fully playable, and most of the content is already in place. Great early access game"
76561197996225623,Recommended,219990,23649398,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Rog,"I have been having a great time playing this so far, very impressed by the quality of play and depth of character progression.  There are so many different skill combinations by having the ability to combine two different classes, it really gives you the ability to play the way you want.  Playing with friends and meeting new people online is fast and easy, and in just a couple of short online sessions I've made a few nice new friends!  Excellent game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,219990,23970099,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Vilker,"As a long-time fan of the Diablo series, this game is incredibly enjoyable. The combat is nice, and the character builds, while limited in classes, are expandable through the Divinity trees. Very fun, worth the purchase, and I expect to get a lot more time out of the game exploring the different class combos and divinity exploration."
,Recommended,219990,24586079,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,4Knife,"I'd say this is a must buy for Hack&Slash/ARPG fans.I find Grim dawn is more of an improved formula on Diablo 2 when compared to Diablo 3, in regards to the way skills and level up stats are applied atleast. You get pretty awesome freedom in your character build; Every level 3 skill points and 1 stat, your chosen class has its skill tree with a class mastery skill, so you need to level up this mastery to be able to invest in higher skills. When you reach level 10 its also possible to pick a second class which opens up that classes full skill line. You are also free to respec all your invested skill points at a npc, for some coin, but I dont think its possible to change a class though, and I was also unable to remove my points that were in my mastery skill.Crafting is also a pretty important part in this, you can find blueprints for all kinds of gear that special blacksmith can forge for you. There are also various crafting materials that you will find that can be used on the enviroment that will open different paths and new areas. There are Dynamite around to that can be used to blow open heavy locked chests, break weakened walls, and you use them to dismantle gear to materials.1 Thing Ive noticed here is there is no, or atleast less randonly generated areas, atleast I think the overworld stays the same layout, even between sessions, but the caves and attached areas are generated? I can't say for sure.Also all gear pretty much has one 'socket' where you can insert a modifier piece for stats, you'll find this items in little pieces and once you have 3 or so they can be combined for a complete 'gem', the boosts this items give has a wide variety too which is awesome.I'll also say this feels like its a much tougher game than other similar games I've played. Maybe my build just sucks lol, but I find the big mobs that are mixed with range/melee can really cut you down fast espcially if theres atleast one elite monster in the group with them. It keeps you on your toes though, and youll want to find cover from range and funnel in your melee through a doorway or something.Can't say much about the story, I havent completed it yet, or really read much of the lore books. The setting is pretty cool though I think.And as for Graphics go, I'd say Grim Dawn looks really good, very nice effects/ explosions , gibs. the lighting is pretty, and there is a day night cycle I think.So there you go, don't even wait for a sale. Buy this game right now it's under 30$"
76561197972506350,Recommended,219990,24747465,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,edman3d,"I remember reading about this game years ago in some gaming magazine and thinking, wow, that could be the next Diablo 2. I literally have not heard about this game since, and only stumbled into this game searching deep into my discovery queue. This game should be plastered all over the front page. This has got to be one of the most underrated action RPG games ever.Pros:- Polished, smooth gameplay. It's just fun hack and slash gameplay.- Very interesting and well designed itemization (gear/upgrades/stat variety/build options)- A clever skill system borrowed from Titan Quest that provides deep customization (dual class etc.)- A vast gear/weapon socketing system, also strongly reminiscent of Titan Quest (tons of options)- Interesting features like faction reputation and the rewards that come from reaching certain stages.- Super useful re-spec feature allowing you try out all sorts of ideas- Lots of game options. Particularly stuff like the UI scaling feature! Easily scale ALL the UI to your preference, making things easier to read or see.- Extremely good controller support. Can't stress this enough!Cons:- Honestly I don't know.My Experience:- Bought the game immediately after seeing it on Steam I was honestly offended that I had not known it was released. I immediately recognized the polish of the gameplay which only got me more excited.I decided to start with a 2-Handed Melee Shaman build and did so until around level 33 (24 hours in, in my case). I started to feel like my spec was getting a bit stale, so I decided to try out the re-spec system. To my surprise, the cost of unlearning your talents/skills was a really small amount, and I then proceeded to try out all sorts of different spec/class ideas, eventually deciding on a mix of Shaman/Nightblade.Since then I've been enjoying a completely fresh build with all new mechanics even more than my original build. In another 30 levels, if I feel I'm bored, I'll just try out something else!Summary:Buy this game, especially if you love action RPGs like Diablo 2 and are looking for a fix. 10/10"
76561198005771209,Recommended,219990,30562206,Posted: 16 March,all,Action Delivery Force,"BEST HACK AND SLASH - OF ALL TIME!!! Great gameplay and mechanics, the story is very interesting, and fantastic new content updates all the time!This game continues to blow my mind. It was great in early access on steam, and the developers haven't stopped improving it and giving the players glorious new content the whole time! I would call it Diablo II on steroids, but that wouldn't even begin to say why this game is so good.Every single new feature or significant update has given us content we didn't even know we wanted in this game, and somehow it made this game even better every time!The developers of this game rock! New content on the scale the developers have given to Grim Dawn would have failed in any other game I play regularly. They actually want to see this game succeed and grow, and they know what they are doing!If you ever played Diablo or another hack'n'slash, BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,219990,11083708,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,TSharp,...
,Recommended,219990,11403478,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Floyd Collins,"Horosho, very good"
76561198107466539,Recommended,219990,14831515,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Captain Shmarmy,"Everything you'd expect from a solid hack and slash game. These guys have produced a solid system that is comparable to Diablo 3, but removed all of the linear class restrictions. Loot and item crafting is exactly what you'd expect it to be. I like the open world and the story isn't half bad, either. Overall, it's been a good play that has kept my interest and has well exceeded my expectations for early access games."
76561197993532154,Recommended,219990,16539387,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,§µÇk ï┬,Better than Diablo or Torchlight
,Recommended,219990,16964911,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Darkalien100,amazing.if you are titan quest fan why are you not buying this game?
76561198076655687,Recommended,219990,12883087,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,overdeth,"I love this game, at least I would love to love it. The environment is great, the loot is awesome, the skills are really cool too. The problems I have with it are how fast the character moves and how heavy it runs on my pc for what it is, even when I have everything on low. How fast the character runs around is nuts (faster than TL2), making it almost challenging to click on enemies and items. I will be watching this game very closely through it's development to see if it gets better. If you're a fan of the ARPG Isometric genre, I highly suggest you pick this up cause I have the feeling this could be a heavyweight challenger in this genre"
,Recommended,219990,15029973,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,♗ Bareus  ︻芫══-۞-۞-,what a fantastic game! ive played D1 D2 D3... and PoE. this has me hooked!
76561197996294990,Recommended,219990,16900865,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Jameson,Awsome character skills and fun game play. I like it better than D3.
,Recommended,219990,19688678,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Desuq,"Grim Dawn is a really fun game to play, if you have enjoyed the playstyle of Path of Exile or Diablo 2, you will probably enjoy Grim Dawn.The content offered will take up a considerable amount of time (which is a good thing!). Even if you rush to end game there are numerous secrets to discover in the game be it NPC events or areas so exploration is rewarded nicely. Furthermore, challenging dungeons exist at the end game so the content (for a while) won't be super easy.In short, I have enjoyed my time with the game and look forward to what is to come."
,Recommended,219990,23240272,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Sparrowhawk,"This is a really solid hack-n-slash that looks great, plays nicely and has awesome deep mechanics. If you're looking at it and you are intrigued at all, you will probably love it."
76561198079000672,Recommended,219990,23435668,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,majp103,"Yes I'm way more of a Diablo II guy versus a DIablo III guy. I suppose as such, this game was bound to appeal to me.And appeal it has. What has been most appealing is that the more modern trending of ""meta"", or essentially being a single build you should play for each ""class"", is really only applicable to Hardcore, and maybe not even then. Your only limitation is the number of mastery points you have.-Want to play the game as a true summoner character with a Storm Raven, Hell Hound, Briarthorn, and Primal Beast? Not a problem.-Want to play a class that focuses nearly entirely on lighting? Go for it.- Want to really only use a single class, and not mess with a dual class? it's doable.The Character classs customization is just so awesome.Othewr positives.- A real nice spin on a crafting system, nearly the antithesis of D3. You have to actually find the recipes, then search for the right ingredients.- The devotion system adds some real flavor to the game.- The game feels much larger than just about any current ARPG, unless you count the MMOARPG's like Path of Exile.- Varied vistas, and really great graphics considering the budget,-Responsive Development team that seems to actual play the game they make.- INnteresting skill tress, where very few if any skills are truly wasted.-Reasonable frequent patches to address issues.About the only Con(s) I can think of is that some of the animations are meh, and they resuse a lot of monster models, but that is nit picking when you consider the budget this game was made on.If you like ARPG's you owe it to yourself to ge thtis game.Oh and I will address the whole PoE vs Grim Dawn sillyness, if you are interested in an MMO, then get PoE. If ytou want a great single player experience that has old school Multiplayer, then get Grim Dawn."
76561198028350033,Recommended,219990,23831305,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ChronoX,"This is a great ARPG for the price. Has the ""feel"" of Diablo 2, which is high praise. I started playing this when I got sick of Diablo 3, but recently, I picked up D3 again. I still think Diablo 3 is superior in terms of polish and smoothness of the gameplay, but there are a lot of elements I like about Grim Dawn."
76561198052340147,Recommended,219990,32187106,Posted: 4 June,all,Darth Wolf,"This game was fun to play, I would love to see an expansion on the story.  It was a very challenging game and reminded me of some old shcool ARPGs (Titan Quest), wonder why?Much better than Diablo (aka WoW)."
76561198042202047,Recommended,219990,14137007,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ladiesmen_116,If you played diablo 2 you will enjoy this game.
,Recommended,219990,14815915,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Simonius the cowardly,"The right blend of Titan quest and Diablo 3, and many times more enjoyable than both. Having a smashing time with my deathknight style char."
,Recommended,219990,35488463,Posted: 5 October,all,Chiatroll,It's good. Like titan quest but more modern and a dark fantasy world instead of a historical mythology fantasy. You should play it.
76561198021843776,Recommended,219990,35481885,Posted: 4 October,all,charon78,"ARPGs are fickle friends. They encourage us to do the same thing repeatedly for hours on end, often with little reward.Grim Dawn does this. It lures you in. Subtly at first, as so many ARPGs do - and before long the loot-lust takes over and minutes turn into hours, hours into days, and so on.Where Grim Dawn excels is that rather than slowly chew you up before spitting you out bitter and broken, it always leaves you wanting more - not more grinding, but more fun. The game is just fun to play and for me that's the sole requirement for a good game.Pros & cons time:Pros:- 6 classes (masteries) all with viable skill sets endgame (2 more coming in the expansion this month)- secondary class selection at level 10 further varying the customisation of characters and allowing for dozens of viable builds- large 4 act campaign with many secrets and sidequests (once again, more coming in the expansion soon)- massive loot variety with non-legendary items viable BIS for many builds- extra character customisation skills from gear, augments, devotion shrines and slotted items.- 4 player co-op- Faction reputation system tied to various items (ally factions) and enemy bosses (nemeses from enemy factions)- huge crafting system that co-exists with the loot table happily- hardcore mode- sweet soundtrack- varied enemies- replayability plus - see my hours playedCons:- Time sink (where is my life?)- Have to fight constant urge to re-roll new character when finding sweet gear that supports an off-class character.- character creation doesn't allow any visual customising beyond male/female.- Faction system is a little grindy on first character but improves once mandates become availableConclusion - best ARPG on the market at present. Play it. It's great."
76561197979964658,Recommended,219990,35484134,Posted: 4 October,all,Cybernetic Organism,10/10 Action-RPG. Loot festival. Tons of builds. Cool story with an awesome setting that really drives the gameplay. Music is outstanding. ACTIVE developers care about the playerbase.Best part: Murder Hobo SimulatorWorst part: You haven't bought it yet.
,Recommended,219990,33033522,Posted: 30 June,all,DkB' George.NET,One of the best games of its genre!
76561197995974962,Recommended,219990,34849000,Posted: 9 September,all,ShackmanG,I am a massive Diablo fan that has spent hundreds of hours making various characters and doing the daily grind like the best of them. Grim Dawn is a fantastic Diablo clone with much of the same character development via drops and game play. A bit of a difficult skill tree to get the handle of but hours of fun can be spent here. Plenty of online community support and its own wiki type encyclopedia.
76561198001934118,Recommended,219990,17670795,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Walter,"Best H&S out there, really promising."
,Recommended,219990,30624704,Posted: 19 March,all,fellow,"the best continuation of diablo i've seen. huge skill trees. even more huge devotion trees. large world, many quality of life functions, vaguely compelling story, over the top abilities, and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun."
,Recommended,219990,30620507,Posted: 19 March,all,Donglord,"I don't play too many ARPGs, in fact I played this game before playing diablo 3 and now that I've played diablo 3, I'd rather play Diablo.That being said, this game is good from what I played, the clases feel polished, the weapons and gear have good variety and rarety, and the gameplay itself has nice animations and feels nice to play.I will say if you are completely tired of diablo 3 and would never play it again, buy this game, it is a fine addition to anyone's library who loves ARPGs."
,Recommended,219990,29099432,Posted: 7 January,all,colesolo,What Diablo 3 should've been
76561198034989809,Recommended,219990,17699775,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Arthur ASCII,"Just when you think Grim Dawn can't get any better - along comes another patch full of enhancements.Hard to believe that a game of this quality is still in development.If you don't get this game, you are quite simply MAD!"
,Recommended,219990,19660485,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,bolowololo,"Early access gone right,Great job devs!"
76561198020133879,Recommended,219990,19790280,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,wild81,"This is closer to a Diablo 2 sequel than Diablo 3 itself. Good itemization, amazing crafting system and the list goes on..."
76561197989915780,Recommended,219990,22414694,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,toffee titz,The diablo 3 we never got
76561198207738185,Recommended,219990,24427191,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,leo1988,Better than diablo 3
76561197994189305,Recommended,219990,28609817,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mike D,Satisfying like D2. I'd sell my children for another copy. 10/10
76561197973976256,Recommended,219990,31796955,Posted: 16 May,all,Rasputin,"Just look at how many hours I have invested into this game. If you liked Diablo 2 or Titan Quest, or any arpg of this type. Play this."
76561198032826666,Recommended,219990,28630894,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,angelleorin,Get this game instead of Diablo 3. Trust the reviews.The DLC is even worth the buy if you like to grind for treasure.
,Recommended,219990,28633657,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Spliceddaddy,"Grim Dawn is a dark and interesting isometric action roleplaying game. The voice acting is good. The graphics are alright, personally I don't like bright cute characters and these characters are far from that. Combat is good, the class system does have an impact on the way you play, so choose carefully.Grim Dawn has fun and detailed environments and there is quite a lot to explore. The environments have some nice details, portraits on walls, fauna, people cages, signs hanging, etc. I could go on, but best to check out the screenshots above, none are misleading.The loot is good, there is plenty, although progress is slow and rarity of loot definetely follows your level, some people might like that. The weapons are chunky and brutal looking, the armour is detailed, varied and more worn than shiny, in a good way.Crafting hasn't really grabbed me yet, just started, have to see, but I do like the way you can add strength or abilities to weapons and armour through picking up stackable scrap like items, seems like a complex but accessible system for those with patience. Looks like there is a bit to craft, I've noticed a rune slot, a blacksmith requiring recipes and there are lots of bits and bobs dropped constantly.I'm enjoying the progression, leveling up, getting better gear. The dual class system is good and placing points does matter, but don't worry you can speak to this lady who gives you points back if you want to alter your build. I haven't found a way to completely change my class, as she won't reset mastery points, but she does allow me to alter points placed for passives and active abilities within my chosen classes.If you like isometric action roleplaying games, particularly for exploring, I would say this is a very good choice. You can play it solo offline, enjoy the story and it's not expensive."
76561198188734325,Recommended,219990,32212062,Posted: 5 June,all,^5Guernica,"Absolutely fantastic game. I never really played many ARPGs in the past but this one caught my attention from the beginning. Easy to learn, hard to master, simple interface and simple crafting. This game is well worth your time and there is TONS on content. The campaign took me about 60 hours with all the places and side quests to explore.Highly reccomended.-bang for your buck"
,Recommended,219990,31697293,Posted: 12 May,all,EnvY [AS],"Hands down the best thing that happened since diablo 2. For so many years they have tried to overcome d2, but the result have somewhat lacked the whole package. Don't get me wrong, i really enjoyed Titan Quest and Torchlight etc, but Grim Dawn even nailed the d2 atmosphere.If you want to re-live the good old diablo times, this game have everything you need. It's cheap and they work constantly on content, and so far they didnt ask for extra $ for that too.This is a game you play through many times because the skill trees give you plenty of builds to try. This is one of those games i come back to play when i need a break from my usual games. Top product!"
,Recommended,219990,32196383,Posted: 5 June,all,[VI]Snaekoll Gunni,"I'm new too the ARPG style games but I got into this game quickly and got addicted also, really good story and gameplay worth every penny"
76561198327629056,Recommended,219990,25295689,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,jippesape,"New to PC gaming as I have just bought my first PC in over ten years and was looking for a great arpg to sink my teeth into. I have only played this game for a very short amount of time but so far can say it is really enjoyable. Played alot of Diablo III and this game has a very similar feel, at least to me. Graphics, sound and gameplay are excellent. Just the game I have been looking for!!! A must buy :)"
76561198112335255,Recommended,219990,25477202,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,RunatarIGI,"This game is amazing. Here is a piece of advice, if you like ARPG games such as Torchlight, Diablo or PoE but didn't enjoy this one then try another class. I at first thought this game was average but it seemed that I judged the game based on how much enjoyment I had from 1 class combination. Tried a different class and it's a lot more fun even though I'm more familiar with the bosses and quests."
76561198044945716,Recommended,219990,24975007,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Avarice,"If you like ARPG's, you will love this game."
,Recommended,219990,24949679,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Broda,Amazing ARPG definitely recommend if you enjoy the genre.Diablo 3 = Torchlight 2Diablo 3 (free) = Path of ExileTitan Quest 2 = Grim Dawn
76561197975912077,Recommended,219990,30858344,Posted: 31 March,all,Vicarious,"SCORE8 / 10TLDRGrim Dawn is a brilliant action RPG that has a unique and dark theme that will stick with you long after you’ve finished playing.POSITIVESExcellent performance on pc.  Even with all options maxed out, and a screen full of monsters and spells, the game doesn’t lose a frame.Just one more level! Every single level brings something new whether it’s equipment or ability points.  You will find yourself saying just one more…  followed by the groan as you finally look at the clock.Extremely devoted development team that constantly tweaks performance and adds new content, mostly free of cost!NEGATIVESWhich classes do I pick?? Because you can take a 2nd class at level 8; some people may find the decision overwhelming.  There is an abundance of customization here, but some people would benefit from a simpler set of choices.The graphics could be slightly better, but it’s difficult to explain what aspect, in particular, is underwhelming.Date Reviewed3/31/2017PLAYTIME54 Hours PlayedMore Game Reviews"
,Recommended,219990,21128660,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Big Will 1982,"If your're a fan of ARPGS give this game a good look. Its from the team who made titan quest years ago. Its set in a steam punk environment with many different things to do. One unique feature is this game has a dual class system. You can either spec one class or after level 10 choose 2 of them. The game also has a difficulty modifer called veteran mode. Verteran mode makes the game slightly more difficult and also scales loot. It also has a hardcore mode aka 1 life. In closing its a great ARPG, has multiplayer, no servers *cough diablo 3 cough*."
76561198026583141,Recommended,219990,21520097,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ators,It's a great game. The best ARPG since Diablo 2 imho.
76561198066788962,Recommended,219990,26605103,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Diakoptes,"*never played diabo review*game is fun, the only party you get is random fools online whom have a tendancy to disappear and results on a fun game of 'find the portal what they went through'.plot is told through notes found throughout the world,game difficulty is a bit strange as i went mage and just blew through everything I ever met, but other people with diffrent classes seem to struggle so maybe its just me.seems to be fairly legthy with the option of custom camapigns *i havent played any yet though*also, most of the people online dont seem to be scum, which is a big plus for me"
76561198064563568,Recommended,219990,24193864,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Shitstain,"Buff final boss????i mean its a ♥♥♥♥ing joke.. i was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hyped playing HC vet (first character ever and didnt want to spoil myself the ending)Then i ran in ♥♥♥♥ing hyped as fk (lvl 35)  thinking it might be the last fight this character does.Literally sat on the boss the entire time and used... 2-3 tome of mending? (on the first 30s of the fight cause it was scary)... Full life all the way through.... didnt dodge♥♥♥♥♥♥ took everything like a man... One hand on the mouse the other one picking my nose right clicking it down....KINDA DISAPOINTED!!!!Great game tho, would still recommend"
76561198047283506,Recommended,219990,24685541,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Lanxa,"This is the D3 we wanted, 10/10.That's the score considering there are a few very minor bugs or glitches that only happens in multiplayer, otherwise it would be 12/10."
76561198072005732,Recommended,219990,21513453,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,2_Much_4_U?,"Reference ""Torch Light"" but in this case its more darker...Fawking loving this game! Skills are easy to use, everything straight forward no b/s."
76561198021157481,Recommended,219990,21480091,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,siikais731,"I've been following this game since they released it and i can say for sure that this is best ARPG since Diablo 2. If you love ARPG you have to play this, i can say for sure that you won't regret buying this game! I haven't had this much fun in ages.Only kind of bad thing is that when you start playing it you're going to lose your social life.  Yes it's that good.*crawls back ingame*"
76561197980296051,Recommended,219990,21481820,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,KayZ,"100 hours in and I still haven't even scratched the surface. I can easily see myself putting in a few 100 hours more! I have so many ideas for future builds and there is a lot of room customization. For the price they are asking, this game is a complete no-brainer! The ONE con that I have is that I wish Crate could have had recorded more voice overs, but when you are a small developer and money is tight you have to cut corners which is understandble. Other than that this game is superb! Highly recommended."
,Recommended,219990,21588822,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Cytokinesis,"tl;dr: Buy it without thinking if you like arpgs. If you aren't an arpg fan it probably won't make you one.As an arpg fan this game is pretty good. If you ever played titan's quest you will have a very good diea of what to expect. There are some good and, I think, bad decisions in the game. The build diversity is pretty good but once you start theorycrafting a lot you realize it's maybe not as much as you think because there really aren't that many unique/legendary items relative to other arpg's. That said the playstyle varies wildly so it is quite entertaining. One issue I have is that the levels aren't procedurally generated, so everytime you go to farm (or whatever) you know exactly where to go. It's good for clear time but I think it exacerbates mind numbing repetitiveness as well. It also means once you beat the game once or twice subsequent runs are MUCH faster because you know where everything is. I think this is great for new characters as you can get to the real action quicker.The end-game is a little boring, but maybe I'm just spoiled from games like PoE. The end-game is pretty much the same as Diablo series. Just kill the same stuff for better loot. There is no progression outside of the loot. You never go to new areas, you don't really fight new bosses (one or two exceptions that are ultra late game bosses, but they are also short encounters not a whole level), and you don't really experience anything you haven't already. It's just more.The devotion system is the crutch that keeps the game interesting. Without it I think the game would get boring after only a dozen playthroughs. Instead you have a game that you can easily enjoy for 300+ hours (or more if this is really your kind of game). I wouldn't say it's as good as PoE (really the pinnacle of the genre) but it ranks very highly and is probably right up there with the greats in my list of all-timers. That said there isn't a lot of innovation; just a lot of refinement."
76561198007246285,Recommended,219990,21589044,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,AlphaFerret,This game is amazing. If you love replayability in a game this is it. Love comming up with new ways to kill people. This is it.If you where a fan of the Titan Quest games this is the game for you.Like seeing your enemies Explode in a pile of blood and seeing body part fly in different directions. This is the game for you.  Like seeing your enemies fly off into the sunset with a swing of your mace. This is the game for you.The class system is awesome with tons of different combinations to choose from. You get to pick 2 classes out of 6 To make your character. each one with different abilities and play styles.Some things might be overwhelming at first. like there are a lot of different damage types. Want to poision your enemies . You can. Want to make them bleed. You can. Want to burn them. You can.
,Recommended,219990,21593229,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Slaskendasken,"Got the game during Early Access (B29), no regrets! Wicked game, with big character build variety."
76561197985677080,Recommended,219990,21599528,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Kush_925,I haven't moved in 8 hours...
76561198014768665,Recommended,219990,21600434,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Kurtlol,Pure joy
76561198045112194,Recommended,219990,21618749,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,dany21193,"amazing , really great."
,Recommended,219990,20300013,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,BirDs.at,"Was sceptic at first, but this indie arpg is par on par with Diablo, Torchlight or Path of Exile.Buy it!"
76561197960984751,Recommended,219990,24519034,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,benke,"Like Diablo and Torchlight, but more fun =) Get it if u like those games."
,Recommended,219990,21012051,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,s|njah,"I'm a fan of Titan Quest along with similar ARPGs like Diablo 2, Diablo 3, and Path of Exile. I've been exclusively playing Path of Exile but got burnt out, so I gave this game a chance, and am actually enjoying it. I think it would be more enjoyable if they had voice actors, but I'm aware that the creator is a small team (team of eight, if I recall) and they received funding from Kickstarter. Defnitely give it a shot if you're into ARPG. Graphics look somewhat dated, but that doesn't take away from the enjoyment."
76561198032902575,Recommended,219990,20993489,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lorrus,"I really enjoyed Grim Dawn.I have played Diablo, Path of Exile, Titan Quest, Torchlight II, The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing and Victor Vran, all very much alike this game. I guess its enough to say that Grim Dawn is still my favorite game in this category!Curti demais o Grim Dawn.Neste estilo de game, já joguei Diablo, Path of Exile, Titan Quest, Torchlight II, The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing e Victor Vran. Basta dizer que o Grim Dawn continua sendo o meu jogo predileto desta categoria!"
76561198026934499,Recommended,219990,20981826,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ebolalien,"I never thought that something could satisfy my need for a game after D2. Yea bla bla bla nostalgia D2 was great, this game is better! It has everything we love like: Levels! Skills! Attributes! Big perk tree! LOOT! MULTICLASS! LOOT! OMFG LOOT!A note on the price, I think 25 bucks is a god damn steal."
76561197960689148,Recommended,219990,21470481,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Snap,An amazing ARPG that does everything right.
,Recommended,219990,21600118,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Shen,I haven't really done many reviews.  And I haven't finished this game yet so I'm not going to go into too much detail.But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this game good.  Are you a fan of Diablo? get this game.  Did you like Torchlight? get this game. Do you have an Action RPG itch that needs scratching? GET THIS GAME!So far my favourite release of 2016
76561198028276816,Recommended,219990,29958157,Posted: 16 February,all,The Lost Warrior,Same amazing people who made titan quest are back with a very well executed game.1. Bloody and large battles2. Great music that fits perfectly to the enviorment3. Hundreds of hours of gameplay even after completing the story4. Still adding great contentI recommend greatly to anyone who has a childhood of titan quest like me or like gore action RPG's.
,Recommended,219990,25569500,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,dentorium,"You love theorycrafting, build testing, amazing skill system, dark atmosphere ? then you should buy this amazing game. Levelling is not worthless, boring, automated system like Diablo 3. Levelling is the game itself. You plan for your character build ( lots of possibilites) spend your attribute points and skill points however you want, and run after shiny loot through the game. Btw legendary  items feel really 'legendary' in this game because you have to work hard for the legendaries that fit your build."
76561198019134694,Recommended,219990,21498488,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,DOBLO BERELi,"Quest says ""Repair the Bridge to the North East of Devil's Crossing.""It actually refers to the bridge that is to the South West of the town.10/10"
,Recommended,219990,24216887,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Beemaster3000,"Fantasy post-apocalyptic even slightly lovecraftian action rpg (also with wild west portion)It looks very good considering it uses the titan quest engine.It has a 2 class system with EXTREME BUILD POSSIBILITIES.It has LOTS OF PERCENTAGES I WILL NEVER UNDERSTANDCombat actually feels impactful because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥IC EFFECTS.If you feel diablo 3 AND torchlight 2 were too casual for your liking, this is the true diablo 2 successor.It has systems on top of systems and unlike fallout 4, it just works.Good game"
,Recommended,219990,20226085,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BIG FAT BABY,"Think Diablo 3, but an angel butt buddy is not going to save you."
76561198047995513,Recommended,219990,21591427,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Nightroad,TLDR: A+ would review positively again.Context for this review:  This was the first Early Access game I picked up.  I started playing during B26 (summer sale 2015) and have had the pleasure of watching the developers build upon and refine the game over the last 9 months or so.  My experience with Grim Dawn has opened me up to trying other EA titles as well.I had not played Titan Quest previously (though I picked it up after starting in on Grim Dawn) and the dual mastery system was overwhelming to me at first.  Then I started to dig into it.  And kept digging.  There was a point where I thought I had an idea of all the builds available and there wasn't anything new to discover - I was wrong!  Just the other day I started another new character with an idea I came across while discussing one of my previous characters.PROS:Lots of customization in how a character playsLarge maps with hidden treasures to findIncreasing difficulty to test your buildLots of dead enemiesPiles of themSeriously/10charCONS:Overwhelming possibilities omgwargarbleBut don't take my word for it!  There's plenty of customer testimonial right here!  \m/
,Recommended,219990,24785632,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,PMC-C4rb0n Ru1n3r,Most and better Diablo III than Diablo III
76561198260040709,Recommended,219990,33236274,Posted: 4 July,all,Crazy Stiggy,"Why I never bought this sooner. I've played most of the Diablo style games, well the best ones that is and this I have to say is the best by far. It's better than Diablo 3 in every way, Gameplay and visually. This actually reminds me of the console version of baldur's Gate on PS2 which today still stands as one of the best hack n Slash game of all time. not to be confused with the PC turn based game.Grim Dawn plays out in the exact same way as Diablo but with more a story and quest game where as Diablo 3 feels more like a hack n slash grind. Visually I'm very impressed with how this game looks with amazing levels of detail to the enviroments and shadows that make the world look almost life like.I'm only a few hours in and it's as addictive as any other RPG out there. 9/10 a must buy for any Diablo fan."
76561198003793983,Recommended,219990,18411088,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Adieuk,"Really enjoying this game loads of class options to have with skills, now that I have played this for a while I can safely say its worth getting its like Path of exile with looks but with out any stupid micro transactions, also once you have learned a recipe all chars you create get to craft the items, one thing that lets it down is the cost of items from the vendors some are way over priced for a low level item.one thing I would recommend is gather all items to either sell or lather on in the game dismantle them not sure if they turn into scraps or not, but scraps are worth keep as they are used in crafting"
,Recommended,219990,18142519,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Devspade,"Awesome game! It's easily one of the best ARPGs I've played in years. It has tons of character customization, loot, important choices that affect characters around you, and a HUGE map. Plus it's still in development. The huge world map shows you how all locations are connected to each other and really gives you (or me, at least) a feel that this is a real world.While I wasn't a fan of the art style at first, the world, monsters and gear still look awesome. Definitely a must buy for any RPG fan."
76561197993721020,Recommended,219990,34243415,Posted: 14 August,all,Chrissx2 Quake is life!,"If you wonder how Diablo 2 and Titan Quest baby would look like, look no further. Grim Dawn is a perfect mix of those two games. Gameplay is amazing. Visuals and atmosphere are fantastic. I can easly recommend this game to any action RPG fan."
76561198003815785,Recommended,219990,33139251,Posted: 2 July,all,Virus 40 oZ,"This game is amazing.  It's essentially a new version of diablo 2. However, it adds it's own spin with the cross class and devotion system. This makes for a broad and diverse way to build characters making yours truely unique as long as you can theory craft decently."
,Recommended,219990,22429137,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,私FiQYuU強烈,Titan Quest 2Diablo 2.5Sacred 2.5Path of Exile 0.5
,Recommended,219990,14451438,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,KevinMinnesota,This game makes Diablo 3 its ♥♥♥♥♥. Absolutely stunning and very fun to play!
,Recommended,219990,29580206,Posted: 29 January,all,Shiv,"This game scratched my ARPG itch the best it possibley could've.Just gonna say it outright, 10x better than Diablo 3. But Diablo 3 was never that great to begin with. Have 5 alts on there, geared and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I always hated how rated PG it was, the skil system was very limited and lame, and loot felt boring.Grimdawns world feels dark and alive in a twisted way as you're part of few remaining humans alive in it.It's class and skill system is super deep, and all your skill choices won't necessarily make a huge difference early on but once you start hitting 30+ those choices are gonna save you or damn you.  Your skills and even passives change your playstyle.The game is actually CHALLENGING it's great, I feel like I am dueling bosses and trying to outsmart boss mechanics.The story is interesting and stays interesting throughout the playthrough. I have 80 hours into it and I am nearing the end but it's a hell of a ride.Did I mention its 4 player??Uninstall Diablo 3, play the real ARPG of the decade."
,Recommended,219990,29490398,Posted: 25 January,all,||amaPie,Really fun and in-depth ARPG that get's the formula right. Talking a multitude of different class combinations and then a multitude of unique builds within each combination to give you a whole lot of compelling play style options. The skill system is everything D3 should have had but doesn't. Satisfying loot drops that are a staple to ARPGs as well. It could BE better with the addition of some QOL changes.The cost of salvaging is a bit absurd. It uses dynamite which is both rare to find and expensive to craft. It could use a gambler. I have over 3 million iron (currency) and really no way to use it. But all of that is minor. The core to the game is addictive and satisfying. Definitely recommended.
76561198033935779,Recommended,219990,22540086,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Cruxe,Its like darkside of the titan quest...And guess what. I FREAKING LOVE TITAN QUEST!
76561198006029492,Recommended,219990,22466764,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Krozair,"I admit I do tend to be a bit nostalgic at times.....I remember when I first played Diablo 1.  I was having a rough time in my life and so I bought DIablo and started the game.   I walked into the main town and this old woman gazed at me and she said. ""I sense a soul in search of answers.""  I was sold.  I left the real world behind and entered into the world of Diablo.  I haven't had a game impact my psyche like that until Grim Dawn.This game is simply the best ARPG out at the moment in my opinion.  The amount of love that went into making this title is ridiculous.  Personally when I first started playing the game I thought it was rather meh.  I didn't really care for the cartoon beginning and it really doesn't reflect the game content and/or theme.  I played for about 20 min and didn't play again for over a week.  I figured that I would give it another shot and so I dove in head first.  About an hour or so into the game I realized that I was listening to the best soundtrack for a game I have heard since Rome Total War (the first one).  The artwork and animations are done so well.  The environments are hand crafted with attention to detail.  The artwork is amazing.  The sounds of bodies crunching and burning, the blood spattering and the pounding of the bass and the  droning guitars and the loot pouring out of the headless corpses.....You can create hybrid character builds.  There are factions.  The gear and drops are addicting and the grind...yes the grind...is a total blast!I think this title should be in every gamer's library."
76561198053525248,Recommended,219990,22539085,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Tzarani,I haven't been this glued to a hack and slash rpg since Diablo 2.
76561198191485205,Recommended,219990,22484208,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,rockyleomax,"Enjoybale game, if you like Diabloesque type games this is a good one. Worth a play through but not for the long haul."
,Recommended,219990,23949039,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,I_kRuSnIk_I,One of the best ARPG. Having a blast.
,Recommended,219990,22869429,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,LobsterDawg,"Basically a more polished Titan Quest with less useless skills that just don't scale appropriately.If you like Titan Quest, you are also going to like this game, and vice versa."
,Recommended,219990,22212240,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Archiver,"This is an awesome ARPG, and has gotten much, much better since I purchased it a while back in early access. This game absolutely nails the atmosphere, music, art, and overall feel of the game. The world is massive, insanely detailed, and very fun to explore. The combat, classes, abilities and builds are great. The closest thing I could compare this game to would be a modern day, much better version of Titan Quest + Diablo 2 + POE. I'm pretty sure a lot of the same devs worked on TQ as did this game. For the price though, this game is an absolute steal, and you would be doing youself a disservice as a fan of the genre not to pick this game up. This game is absolutely fantastic."
76561198033647755,Recommended,219990,21113886,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Narcslayer,"This is the D3 I always wanted.  A most excellent game,  Don't have time to type, I must get back and play some more :)"
,Recommended,219990,21596428,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Leet_KFC,One of the best ARPG's i've played in a long while.
76561198073535615,Recommended,219990,21596316,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,reynoldslion,"I just started playing this game and I really like it!  Let me first state that I was a huge fan of diablo 2.  I also played Titan's Quest some too.  This game has a very similar feel but it is more refined and fun to play through and explore.  I have not played through the entire game yet and I have not tired all the skills yet but I am looking forward to doing so.  I am a huge fan of skill trees and customizing characters and this game delivers on that big time.  It has a loot system that works and huge replay value.  The graphics are grittier than D3 and torchlight which is also great.The game is also opening up for mods which, imho, will put this game over the top!  Buy it now!  You will not regret it!"
,Recommended,219990,34469713,Posted: 24 August,all,Domerator,"I can set an enemy on fire, make him bleed from every orifice in his body with smallpox aids on steroids, kill his entire tribe with said disease, shoot him in the face and electrocute him with my lightning spewing raven familiar all at the same time. Basically, it's perfect."
76561198008016832,Recommended,219990,34535716,Posted: 27 August,all,Judaes,"It's like diablo 2, but better than diablo 2.Honestly you could spend 10 hours with a level 1 character shooting zombies with a basic rifle and have more fun than anyone in diablo 3."
,Recommended,219990,34521366,Posted: 26 August,all,baby jesus,"So far I've played 57 hours of this, and I'll still play more. But if it wasn't for the genre being starved of quality entries this game wouldn't be noticeable.It has the same issues as Titan Quest: content is stretched too far (this would be a good 15 hour game turned into a slog) and the ability upgrades are too boring. Nothing sucks more than going up a level and spending your skill points on prep for being able to spend them on skills later, or going up a level and spending them on skills that give you a +1% chance against blocking more than you had previously. It's the definition of a swimming in 7's game. If for some reason Titan Quest was your jam, well then you are in luck.But whatevs, I'll keep playing it"
,Recommended,219990,34409553,Posted: 21 August,all,papabois88na,Way better than Diablo 2 & 3 put together.
76561198003622186,Recommended,219990,20205700,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,kipp-23,Buy this game now. What Diablo 3 should have been. SO CLASSIC! BUY IT NOWWW!!! DOOO ITTTTTT
76561197964843845,Recommended,219990,20749681,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,jayvonier,"I like this game because it reminds me of when I used to play diablo2 back in the day.  It's a great game, very fun."
76561198043657199,Recommended,219990,20738071,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Slothnic,"Excellent alternative to Diablo 3. Lots of hours of fun exploring dungeons and doing quests, not to mention all theclass builds. I'm still really enjoying this game alot."
76561198027977203,Recommended,219990,20818639,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Capt.Trips61,Just a Really Great Game. Give it a Try.
76561198022819456,Recommended,219990,28923908,Posted: 1 January,all,Kazics,"Bought for US$13 in the winter sale. Very much worth the price.  2 thumbs up.  10/10.  The most addicting and rewarding ARPG I have ever played since Diablo 2.  Extremely satisfying ARPG in term of gameplay, combat, and character building.  Played D3 for a long time and started playing Path of Exile and this game is better than both IMO."
76561198007747398,Recommended,219990,31310740,Posted: 22 April,all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,"Binge played it for a whole day, I have to say, this is the best ARPG Hack&Slash game I have ever played since Diablo 2.10/10"
76561197979226220,Recommended,219990,34275047,Posted: 16 August,all,Snupalek,"Switched from D3 to Grim Dawn and never wanted to go back. The game is complex, allows for different kinds of builds and different kinds of playstyle. The Crucible DLC id also a very nice, fun way to farm, once you go through the storyline a few times."
,Recommended,219990,25612883,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,LazySumo,"Simple review: If you own and have more than about a dozen hours into Diablo II, Diablo III, Torchlight I, Torchlight II, or Path of Exile....GET THIS GAME!Small, indie dev doing really good work at a price that would make Cut Me Own Throat Dribbler blush.That is all."
,Recommended,219990,19350641,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Scrappydew,"Grim Dawn scratched that itch on my back... Funny thing is, my back is located on my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10, me loooveee this game."
76561198042112995,Recommended,219990,19108455,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,ErebusPhantom,"Grim dawn, grim dawn, grim dawn. Honestly, I'm not a big fan of these type of games, I gained a intrest in diablo 3 for a little bit but then it died down, but this game. This game does something right - I LIKE it, I don't see myself putting 300+ hours into it, no. But this game is FUN. Honestly, unless you are waiting for the full game(Like what I'm somewhat doing), just pick it up now."
76561198164207519,Recommended,219990,32668808,Posted: 23 June,all,An Autistic Crab,One of the best arpgs ever10/10
76561198058565923,Recommended,219990,30912577,Posted: 2 April,all,moeta5888,"I love playing this game, not even a big fan of most arpgs but this game stands on it's own and has been worked on consistently unlike many steam games. Imo it's not as good as Diablo3 in most aspects but it has more replay value than most arpgs I've played. The player progression is where this game shines the most to me and it's worth the price tag for me, I feel I got my moneys worth and I thank the game developers for making something worthy of people's hard earned cash."
,Recommended,219990,23617974,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,James Duffy,It scratched the itch that Diablow 3 failed to do.
76561197982499921,Recommended,219990,23851623,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dezus,Grim Dawn is an absolute gem.  My only regret is I did not get it sooner.
76561198037405428,Recommended,219990,29005266,Posted: 4 January,all,Authentic Mikutard,"What can you say about this game? Sorry, I really want to get back into it right now but you know what they say: A picture is worth a thousand words.http://orig00.deviantart.net/d082/f/2016/051/b/1/mama_mia__italia_by_plutty-d9sj2yf.pngUpdate: Ok, like most arpgs not a jaw dropping story, but the world and lore are pretty kickass, quite some inspiration in Lovecraft mythos. Now I really gotta go click some more, the itching has started xPPS: If you like ""theorycrafting"" and being creative the game will put you in an event horizon. You stoped playing? Did you really? What are you doing in Grim Calc? Dooooom, Dooooom!"
,Recommended,219990,34537360,Posted: 27 August,all,Pixel,"I remember thinking that I wasn't sure about this game. I hadn't played Diablo series at all, and the only game I've ever played that was comparable is Dungeon Siege. A few factors lead me to buy it: watching a friend of mine play it for a couple hours, and going on the forum and seeing how the developer handled criticism. The latter was important: someone was complaining about the frequency of good loot drops for their build, and the developer responded with very well thought-out reasons why the loot system is the way it is, while saying that it isn't perfect and could always use fine-tuning. Seeing the discussion between the two showed that the developer was not only passionate about his game but also that he put a lot of thought into every little thing behind it. I was suddenly very optimistic.When I played the first time, the aforementioned friend watching my broadcast, I was instantly in love. I entered a unique fantasy world (well, everyone's doing the Victorian thing now so maybe not so much unique anymore) with guns and explosives, torn apart by an invasion of spirits. When I got to level 2 and it came time to choose my first class, I debated for several minutes. Every single one looked potentially interesting. I was already enjoying the melee combat, but I knew I wanted to try a character that uses a lot of bombs and guns just because that felt new to me. After several minutes of debate I went with the latter, and before too long I was plowing through zombies with my enchanted bolt-action rifle and tossing grenades left and right. And I fell in love again. I wanted more - bigger bombs, more bombs, to throw them faster and further, to make bombs that explode into more bombs - and boy did I get it. It's just so satisfying. It never gets old watching mobs get slowed, stunned, and then explode into pieces or burned alive.By level 40 I was dual-wielding epic revolvers that fired enchanted explosive ammunition backed up by flashbangs and canister bombs that stunned whole screens of enemies and debuffed them, plus of course your traditional grenades and molotovs. I was also an Occultist by that point, and began to focus on a build that oriented toward fire damage. I was getting into the real meat and depth of the game now, and was thankful that it's so easy to respec in this game (seriously it just costs some ingame money (not even a lot, might as well be free) and you can completely respec! good♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I still felt the urge to make other characters.This is the first game I've ever had the impulse to create new characters despite not finishing the first playthrough. I wanted to try nightblade and occultist for that dark ninja swordsman type feel, leaping around the map and cutting through♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wanted to make a battlemage and slam♥♥♥♥♥♥around with a giant hammer that does elemental damage and chain combos. Then I wanted a ""barbarian"" character and go shaman. This game has it all and it's all equally satisfying, or at least has the potential to be, I'm sure some people may prefer the melee gameplay over the ranged. Most of my characters are around the same level by now - it doesn't take that long to level in this game (you can get to level 20 in just a few hours, maybe even one sitting) and in this game that's a good thing because of the altitis it instills in you. There is a lot of build variety, and you'll find yourself wanting to try everything.I only have small complaint with this game. That's the difficulty. Until you beat the campaign, you can only play on normal or veteran. Higher difficulties spawn new and stronger opponents in larger numbers but they reward you with better loot. Normal is pointlessly easy (like you may forget you have health potions easy), but veteran is a fair challenge in singleplayer, especially for a glass cannon character like my main. Once you go to multiplayer though, veteran starts to feel pointlessly easy as well. If you play with 4 people, you will pretty much dominate everything the game throws at you. The game does spawn a little extra stuff with more people but not nearly enough. Two people is still a fair challenge though. Because of this though I haven't really had the patience to beat an entire campaign so I can move on to Elite and Ultimate difficulties which are, of course, extremely unforgiving and tough. I can't wait, though!"
76561197993235964,Recommended,219990,23516735,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,KOJ7MA,7
,Recommended,219990,32275949,Posted: 8 June,all,Sir Andersen,"Blindly threw money at this game in Early Access (which I generally, on principle, don't buy) on the sheer promise that it's made by the Titan Quest people.If you hated Titan Quest then stay away from this! Even though it's entirely disconnected as far as characters, story and setting goes, it still manages to be ""Titan Quest, more of the same except improved"".However if, like me, you loved Titan Quest, then this game is basically what I said: more Titan Quest, except better.It uses the same class/skill system, which is one of the best parts of both games.Story is.... well it's there I guess. It's a fairly interesting world, but the story/plot of the game is pretty barebones. You're here for the gameplay and the loot, and the game delivers in that regard."
,Recommended,219990,33030464,Posted: 30 June,all,Asukabe!,"Grim Dawn is the cure of Diablo 3 disappointment syndrome for Diablo 2 fans. It has good elements from Path of Exile and Titan's Quest. It took only the good things of it and improve it. Richer content and story than Path of Exile, much better gimmick and design than Titan's Quest.Grim Dawn keep the complexity of ARPG necessities while Diablo 3 remove it instead. I have played D3 for many seasons and it's all repetitive every season after day 2 of grinding. And I'm still enjoying this game after 1 week.Well, this game is worth to buy, even without the discount. I'll buy the DLC's to support the developer so they can make more content!"
76561197970806666,Recommended,219990,33708735,Posted: 21 July,all,Window Licker,yes
,Recommended,219990,22148550,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,X66,Start game. Some people say something. Pick up weapon. Click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click.Someone's giving me a quest... talking too long! Skip dialogue!  click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click.I can finally stop playing Diablo II....
,Recommended,219990,21621021,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Kajun_Ou,"Excellent. Best ARPG I've ever played.I've played about an hour at this point. The game looks great, personnalisation is here, with two class to pick from six options, tons of loot, relics, devotion... In addition, a nice atmosphere. Graphically, the game is impressive, and the level design is interesting.If you're looking for a great loot ARPG like Diablo II, u found it."
76561197975218065,Recommended,219990,21671237,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Defektiv,"I couldn't see what all the reviews were on about at first. When I first started playing the combat felt kind of slow and sluggish and I felt like I was unlocking large parts of the map well before I knew what I was doing. Then about 20-25 levels into my first character I had a good handle on my skills, had a ideas in mind for the Devotion tree and was feeling pretty confident about my characters ability to progress. I still couldn't put my finger on exactly what it was though so I switched over and played a little PoE to try and identify what exactly it was and it hit me within running 2 maps.. Grim Dawn actually rewards the player. No RMTing, need for trading and ""economies"" or anything else to distract from the core experience. You play, you loot, you progress. It's like an ARPG should be."
,Recommended,219990,20255370,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,kresa,"Dont let the graphics fool ya, once you get into it you will start to understand why people appreciate this game so much."
,Recommended,219990,18781661,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Hippo,"At this point, I believe the game is worth every penny. Plenty of quests, the amount of item crafting and enchanting(components) is amazing, incredibly diverse skill trees and build options...etc. The game is a blast for anyone with an interest in the genre. Highly recommended.UPDATE:Had to come back now that the content they promised is here and complete. At this point, you can basically do anything and everything in this world. The map is quite large with a few major cities to join, each with factions and unique loot. I don't feel like typing anymore but if you needed a reason or were on the egde about Grim Dawn, don't be anymore. Game is full, unique, COMPLETE base content wise and just a helluva good time."
,Recommended,219990,21486108,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Hillhome,"This is a great loot pinata game. You click on things, their ""health bar"" depletes, and sometimes shiny things fall down! It also has very low risk of getting you hit with a bat in very sensitive areas so that's another plus!This is a well done ARPG - long enough to be fun but not long enough to overstay its welcome. When you start the game you are able to pick your first ""class"". You can continue to focus in this as long as you like but you may, starting at level 10, also add on a second class selection. This is where the fun of experimenting with not only skills but combining different classes comes in.For me this game hits the mark of fun with the ability to experiment and get something workable that Diablo 2 had. Diablo 3 leans, IMO, too much on the explode enemies for loot side and not nearly as much on the planning side. Path of Exile (also a good game) leans too much on the planning/build (min/max) side of things. Grim Dawn is, IMO, right in the middle of those two options and I like that. For me it hits the sweet spot between just messing around having fun and min/maxing your build. It's just great to play.There are some other new mechanics but all the other reviews talk about those things. I'd recommend this title (and have done so already to many friends). Pick it up sometime and enjoy falling in love with ARPGs again :)"
76561198010587144,Recommended,219990,23496310,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Heen,"Titan quest 2, only Grimer... Darker. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,219990,18155988,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,SlipGate,"I really like the AOE Shaman in this game I played it a year ago my save was deleted some way Started a new character I'm level 18 now really a fun button mashing game. If you play it on a big monitor like 27"" IPS it really pops the colors out and looks amazing. Really want to try a 1440P with this game someday."
76561197982574116,Recommended,219990,17960255,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,dom,The better Diablo 3.
76561198054184831,Recommended,219990,18014924,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,putsdry,Do you enjoy Titan quest and diablo? Buy it!
76561198055456534,Recommended,219990,26724154,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,MizuhoKit,"This is one addictive ARPG, if you're into Torchlight or Diablo you can't go wrong with Grim Dawn. I picked it up while it was on sale and it immidately ate a month of my life. 10/10My only regret is I missed the game's kickstarter, so I didn't get any of the bonuses like a map of the world!"
76561197970688150,Recommended,219990,34415403,Posted: 22 August,all,HysTriX,D3 leave you wanting something more...this is it. Well worth the money.
76561198021312757,Recommended,219990,34430945,Posted: 22 August,all,Ƶ҉Ꮎ҉₳҉,"I maybe have not played Diablo 2, but i played diablo 3..and that was a ""meh"" game it was not terrible but nor was it good. Now this game its fun; the dark feel of the game, the highly customizable character skills, oh and also the ""meaty"" combat feel, as in when i smack enemies with my great hammer i feel like i made a painful impact. Id compare this game to path of exile, both highly similar. Oh and the map is very big. Other than that i don't know what to say, i recommend it and what not."
76561198134551866,Recommended,219990,26394882,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,我喂自己袋盐,Very exciting.
,Recommended,219990,26299541,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,p u p,"Grim Dawn, a pretty cool as ♥♥♥♥ Diablo-like game.Pros:- Hacky Slashy- Like Titan Quest? Love Grim Dawn- Seriously it's Titan Quest but darker- Classes are neat as hell, expect lots of dank♥♥♥♥♥♥ - Loot loot loot lootCons:- Enjoy losing all your saves if you ever switch to a new computer without a backup- Seriously ♥♥♥♥ cloud saves- Not even joking you lose your save outright- Imagine being level 40 and losing that save because your HDD diedPlay it if you have 1 computer and like these kinda games."
,Recommended,219990,24370104,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Siegbrau,Where have you been all my life?
76561198193759137,Recommended,219990,35393782,Posted: 1 October,all,dayfall000,"Grim Dawn is the greatest ARPG to date. I played Diablo 2 (LoD) for 12 years. Like a part time job. I've played PoE, TL2. D3 (not that much ~ shame on you Blizzard).  TQIT. Some others that don't really bear mentioning. GD's the top of the art. I would love to be able to scroll down into FP mode though.A+"
76561198096008956,Recommended,219990,25415407,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Malekus,Bought the game and lost my life!
76561198039156791,Recommended,219990,21607437,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,crumps_2002,installed the game. 10:00 pm. started playing at 10:30. lets try it quick b4 sleep. stopped playing. 1:30 am... never did heroin or cocaine but this must feel like this. couldnt stop play. wont stop. u liked d3 or POE? this. is. the. game. for. you.
,Recommended,219990,21607739,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,GoblinKing,"Mmmmm. There's no doubting this is a polished, fast-paced, well-graphicked (?) Diablo-clone. But there's also no doubt, this is 100%, pure blooded, genetically identical Diablo-clone.I've been dabbling (diaboling?) with Titan Quest recently - the greek themed Diablo follow-up from umpteen years ago - and diving into Grim Dawn felt like pulling on a still warm pair of comfortable, well-worn, action-RPG, elasticated jogging bottoms.But you know what, after slobbing around in Diablo, Diablo 2 and Titan Quest (plus expansions), I feel I've got the jogging bottom part of my gaming wardrobe all sorted, thank you very much. What I was hoping for from Grim Dawn was something fresh and original, not... another pair of joggers.Grim dawn tries to be different with its steampunky, Solomon Kaney, possibly-post-apocalypty world, but it's still the same array of undead, demons and giant insects as we saw in Diablo. They're just called something different. Even the font they use to announce entering a new area looks the same as those previous games.So after playing it (and enjoying it) for a fair few hours (character now level 25), I'm bored. I know what to expect - more of the same. More of the same I played over a decade ago. So frankly... I'm disappointed.So if you've never played Diablo or Titan Quest, GET THIS because it's one of the best examples of the genre. But if you're an ARPG veteran like myself, you may find little to love here apart from the nice, sweaty comfort of the familiar."
,Recommended,219990,22358298,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Borgy Tan,save me this game is ruining my life lol i just can't stop playing :D
,Recommended,219990,21603651,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Pinky n da Brain,really gud...
76561198118220680,Recommended,219990,30937907,Posted: 4 April,all,wmcferren,Cute Action RPG. It's almost as cool as greek mythology.
76561198338169730,Recommended,219990,28413994,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,HitmanBarnes,"I recntly got my pc bout 2 month ago bbeen console gaming for 20yrs, i had diablo on ps and xb but wanted somthing diffrent, i saw this and im glad i did. It has so much to offer in gear and the story is great."
,Recommended,219990,32117908,Posted: 1 June,all,Hemloccoctail,"It's the Diablo 3 I wantedThe version of Diablo 3 Blizzard was to afraid, or simply couldn't make.Crate Entertainment made amasterpiecewith this game!CategoryScoreMechanics10/10Art10/10Enemy Design10/10World Lore10/10The gamecoulduse some more varrience in its OST, howeverwhat is here fits the atmosphere to a T, anddoes not dissapoint.5/5 tostilocos"
,Recommended,219990,32097610,Posted: 31 May,all,Druss,2nd Best ARPG out there (Path of Exile just shades it for sheer variety)this is what Diablo 3 should of been.If you played Titan Quest it's very similar with just a weaker story but updated gameplay.
,Recommended,219990,21311660,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Stygian Emperor,Yes
76561197986231494,Recommended,219990,20430017,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,TRB | Ruffcut,Well worth $15 and looks good with Nvidia 3D. Hopefully the final release will add some more maps cause it is a bit short.
,Recommended,219990,20635657,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Helki,"While it still has early access bugs that definitely need to be ironed out, Grim Dawn is worth a try. Much like Titan Quest, it offers a variety of classes to choose from and each class has several ways to be played.I would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoyed Titan Quest or Diablo!"
,Recommended,219990,20703927,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Profile,"Great game.Complex, challenging and fun.Best ARPG 2015/16 4 sure"
,Recommended,219990,21431624,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Skrape,Good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,219990,21694283,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Pepetions,What Diablo 3 should have been
76561198075604765,Recommended,219990,22014240,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Mr Christie makes good cookies.,Ive had this game for like 2 weeks and have 200 hours. Do the math.Worst game ever 0/10
76561198014350940,Recommended,219990,24791133,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Px.Sneaky_Arab,Great ARPG and brings back many memories of Titans Quest and Diablo that I spent many teenage years wasting away too. Highly recommended for fans of ARPG's.
,Recommended,219990,20440318,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Clarified Filth,"A well thought out ARPG where places feel like places and everything isn't skulls and blood. Fun classes, fun skills, a system of items that provide skills beyond what your classes can do, all these things make for a fun game. Bring friends."
,Recommended,219990,20446935,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Noise,"For me this is one of those games that just kept lying around in my library for so long. However, when I 'rediscovered' the game, I realized that it had become a true marvel since I'd last played it, which was about a year ago. One of those games that had actual benefit because of early access: good gameplay, loads of gear and class customisation, a good ol' heap of content, the lore and world are pretty interesting and the graphics are actually pretty nice.Enjoyed my time with it so far and I will probably enjoy my time with it in the near future. Good job Crate Entertainment, even though it took you like 5 years ;)"
76561198029741014,Recommended,219990,25264831,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,vanderstar,It's a very addictive game. Be careful! Don't buy this game if you have a lot of things to do.
76561198006627659,Recommended,219990,25268173,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DrBulaBula,"Love it. Easely as good as Diablo III and Path of Exile, but different. Musthave for ARPG lovers."
,Recommended,219990,21294258,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Good Goy,"Game has more potential than any ARPG around, however the direction its headed into will prevent that.Let's start off with the good stuff.It plays well, there is a lot of variety in zones and monsters, the atmosphere and scenery is done perfectly. The amount of customisation, crafting and everything surrounding it is deep, engaging and implemented well. You can play it with your friends and since its p2p based, if you have a good internet connection, online works as good as your connections are.Now, to the part where things get kinda meh.Progression. There is no sense of it, rather than just the gearchecks you will inevitably run into. This game is, according to the developers, content complete, but the story itself is a complete mess after act 3. You feel like you're fighting to save the world, but once you've done everything in ACT 4, it's basically just that. You've done everything, there's no real explanation as to what will happen, or what you've accomplished. Basically you just enter a new difficulty and do it all over again, with no reason basically. Surely this is part of the ARPG genre, where things are cyclical et cetera, but the story's end is really poor.The 'bosses' you encounter do not really feel as bosses, but just a bunch of unique champions. There are maybe two or three memorable fights throughout the game, the rest IMO don't feel like bosses, but just some random champ you encounter.Another thing that irks me is that given this game has a strong focus on single player, is that it's going to be really hard to have a trading community. At this very moment a cple thousand players actively play this, but because of the direction this game's taking, I can not see this becoming a thriving community where people will actively engage in trading GG items.I would still recommend this game to anyone out there loving ARPG's, but do bear in mind that this game will have a finite timespan of stuff to do, since at some point you will just be done with the content, and there won't be much to come back to. If the developers are smart, they would implement features that would change these, like seasonal events, leagues and ladders, and start working on some tools to make sure people can start trading stuff.I rate this game in it's current state at 7/10, with changes to the aformentioned it can easily become a 9/10."
,Recommended,219990,17946373,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Jagger,"My favorite indie game, they even know how to do early access right. I'm not even done yet, because sometimes the game does get grindy a bit, so I take breaks. The game makes you look forward to leveling up, and the story is bleak and fun. I blew my load on the factions tho. Story is fairly interactive, not as much as I would like it. This game is a torchlight/diablo love child. I can even run it on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop rn so thats fun."
76561198139279409,Recommended,219990,21352028,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,❤-Karolinka-❤,"It is not as good as Titan Quest IT where I spent 2 thousand hours but it can be :pros is a dark atmosphere and graphics, and an extensive crafting system and the ability"
76561198032865436,Recommended,219990,18846201,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,chn10151,"A great ARPG, fans of Torchlight and Diablo series games will feel right at home.  The game is now content complete from start to finish!The gameplay is smooth, addicting and requires thought.  It can have a bit of a learning curve, it offers a unique character building system.  Don't get discouraged with your first character, it'll be your learning one, there are more skills than points and finding an optimal build for your playstyle takes a bit of trial and error, you can always respec if you don't like a skill.  Certain items can grant skills that would come from mobs, bosses or other classes which creates a lot of flexibility.  The new devotion system is in that provides even more ways to build your character the way you want.If you have been waiting to see if this game makes it to completion, it's done, now's the time to grab a copy if you haven't!  If you're still not sold this game will be modable upon release to allow user created content, even without it has excellent replayability."
76561197971853178,Recommended,219990,31732452,Posted: 13 May,all,Swami,As a steady Diablo player over the years this game was suprisingly good and has kept me entertained for many hours.
76561198087951038,Recommended,219990,29664407,Posted: 2 February,all,Misanthrope,"Be prepared to grind grind grind. This is hack-and-slash game in the purest sense. Its a great game for the first 40 hrs or so, but at a certain point you run out of new map content and quests. All you're left with is repeatable quests and respawning enemies to repeat over and over to gain your levels. Also going into epic mode requires that you beat normal mode, and grind it for a long time to find the rare equipment you'll need to survive epic mode. And then you have to do the same thing over again to do legendary mode. I really wish the devs would stop releasing new dungeons and would improve the story, and the amount of things you can do, and places you can go.Was this game fun? Absolutely. Would I recommend it? Yes. Does it have any replay value? Not really. If you get home from a dull day at work, and the only thing that will take the edge off is bathing in the gratuitous blood of your enemies (albeit to no clear end) this is the game for you.7.8/10"
,Recommended,219990,30056439,Posted: 20 February,all,[R]Nonpixz,"Tons of loot... +1Tons of builds... +1Nice setting / story ... +1Maybe single campaign is a little short (in my opinion)... But three difficulties so - 1/2Atmosphere ... +1Good balancing (so far - Act 2 Elite)... +1Visual appearance is fine... +1Few minimal (not bad) technical issues  - 1/2Price (atm 24,99) ... +1U always need someone who gets your stuff stashed ... +1.............................................................................................9/10 .... recc.!"
,Recommended,219990,30105592,Posted: 22 February,all,Eryion ツ,This makes Path of Exile look like garbage.
76561198042911789,Recommended,219990,12006756,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,RadioOnTheTV,great
,Recommended,219990,14848700,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Acharenus,"Great atmosphere, reputation system and already an impressive sized game. But what really stands out for me during combat is the great animations. combat looks convincing and bodys fly around nicely.If you enjoy top down action rpgs then this is for you, especially if diablo 3 was dissapointing and torchlight two was a little to bright and colorful for you."
,Recommended,219990,16549086,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sozzals,"Massive fan of ARPGs and massive fan of this particular interface/art style.  If you enjoyed titan quest and diablo 2 and like really immersive ARPGS, definetly worth picking this up."
,Recommended,219990,10987859,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,=(eGO)= Buster,like d2 has lots of potential hope to see it take off
,Recommended,219990,11053827,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,tyman1980,A really fun game so far.Cannot wait to see what comes next.
76561198019909310,Recommended,219990,11119149,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,LFurtado,Its a solid ARPG game worth the wait for final release or buy into early Access!My only concern is the pace and old engine but overall this will be another great add to this genre with one of the best skill systems I've ever played... Titan's Quest!
,Recommended,219990,12659555,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,GamerLogan,Definitely a cool game. Reminds me a lot of path of exile. POE is a horrible laggy mess though. This game is offline so it's smooth and no desync. Seems like there could be a lot of content eventually. I'm still near the beginning and I'm not seeing that much so far. The game has a reputation system that could be cool if implemented correctly. I haven't found any sort of crafting system yet though it might just come when I get farther in the game. My main complaint is that it is way too easy. I'm very experienced at games like this and I wish I could more easily turn up the difficulty. Diablo 3 has a perfect system to do that. This game requires you to run through the story over and over to unlock the next difficulty which I'm not much of a fan of. There is a veteran mode which I think gives more difficulty but I haven't tried it out yet. I'll play this when I need a break from D3. Hopefully this game will have some great end game content and progression like diablo 3 has. It has potential for sure.
,Recommended,219990,9700704,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,PowPow,"When I think of the day of awesome arpg, I think back to d2 tq and a few select others. This is one game that will most definitely be put on the same book shelf as those games. I’ve done my fair share of d3 and poa, but trust me when I say this is the game that keeps me coming back for more. The only other arpg Ill put more time into is d3. let us ring in a new era of arpg and let its start with grim dawn and d3. Happy farming all9/10"
,Recommended,219990,15457970,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,LeDerpinator,"This game is hella fun! :D I enjoy arpgs but could never really find one that I wanted to stick with (or that would run well on my cheap netbook) but then I found Grim Dawn. The grapgics look awesome for minimum settings and the gameplay is great. Love the storyline as well, if you're debating this because it is early access then get it. It's worth it :)"
76561197987822147,Recommended,219990,20923681,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,DeathEmber,"There are a LOT of Diablo/TQ clones out there that just seem to lack depth and enjoyability.This is not one of them,I thoroughly enjoyed this game from start to finish. Replayability is amazing.Definitely recommend to anyone who enjoys TQ/Diablo"
,Recommended,219990,23225854,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Bedsize,"Amazing game.Starts out as a pretty standart Arpg/hack'n slash, but arround lvl 30 the game unfolds and the deep game mechanics shines.If Grim dawn just had Online gameplay with dedicated servers it would be godly.Enjoy this nearly perfect single player game"
76561198020831068,Recommended,219990,11768431,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Dalla,Pew pew pew + hack'n'slash + alakazam.
,Recommended,219990,9541593,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,SilentBtAmazing,As of this writing the game is still in Alpha but pretty advanced. I enjoy Diablo-style games and also post-apocalyptic settings; this game is somewhere inbetween. In particular I thought the controls were fluid and pleasant. More or less this game is what I was hoping the Van Helsing game was going to be like.
,Recommended,219990,9751695,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Low HP Hatecraft,"Update on 10 August 2015I have played this game on and off for a while now. I recently picked it up again and played the remaining part of act 3. This game is getting there.I am at level 43 and my gear level is stil around 29. I can kill fast with my build focusing elemental damage but I also die fast. It gets to point that it is really hard for me to find suitable gears. I am not sure what to do as there are no end game contents except going through the same map again. I wonder if devs can come up with some sorts of interesting end game. Probably not maps, it has been done by too many dialblo clones. I am not sure. But the end game certainly needs to exist.It seems to have an interesting story and I hope devs can eventually add voice acting. Without it, it is really hard to immerse in the story.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update on 10 Dec 2014.I did another playthrough since the multiplayer and arcanist update. This round I played nightblade and arcanist (spellbreaker), really fun elemental focused build. It is my first build that actually worked. I like the skill tree, it's pretty straightforward and at the meantime diverse. I love the items as well. The entire itemisation system is generally pleasant. It combines a lot of interesting elements from the original TQ and later on torchlight 2. I hope it brings more contents as well as more end-game contents: maps! or, as always, invent something new.One suggestion. Please make potions less expensive.It is easily the best ARPG on the market. It is not as replayable as POE but already better than torchlight2.Keep up the good work, devs!----------------------------------------------------It is a nice game, generally speaking. However, it copies the entire system from titan quest. Devs, can you add more mechanics learnt from torchlight 2 for instance? and a competitive edge to it (a ladder, or maybe invent something new), please. That will keep the hardcores going.I enjoyed titan quest greatly. But I want to see something new. Keep up the good work, Devs!"
76561197974589615,Recommended,219990,15190578,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TFmoore,Not a bad game and a good price my only complaint would be after playing for a while fingers and joins tend to start complaining. It is a very clicky game. Story is neat and item varation is good. If you enjoyed the Baldor's gate series your will like this.
76561198071526350,Recommended,219990,12007390,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,poplockdrop,i love it! classic arpg with the feel of diablo 2. looking forward playing the finished product.
76561198011156095,Recommended,219990,12533747,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,silver,old school action rpg with dark lairs . very good game  need only to fix the walk and the run of players cause look like move with rollers
,Recommended,219990,15053337,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,O_O,perfect for multiplayer but more bug and cheats here someone reacher 2k + level hope u intall gameguard or something like anti cheat for fair playing and most likely on pvp :)
76561198140990249,Recommended,219990,23214958,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,TwinScimitars,"never was a diablo fan, the ""diablo clone"" term for hNs games makes me kinda sick. but anyhow...imma huge hns fan and never felt much could stack up to champions of norrath. until Grim Dawn released...just wow, buy it play it and youll love it!!p.s...diablo3 was decent."
76561198053853308,Recommended,219990,9450043,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Spessmarine,"It is really really really promising as a d2 clone, I myself was left a bit wanting by the great game that was POE but this one when ready could just be what im missing to scratch my Diablo itch."
76561198025990391,Recommended,219990,14979499,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,pctango,"ja esta bom, vai ficar melhor..."
76561197961423330,Recommended,219990,23268838,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Gwαhh,Basically what Diablo 3 should've been ;/
,Recommended,219990,34450927,Posted: 23 August,all,aTx` Rolland #ktn,"Grim Dawn is my first top-down aRPG hack n' slash game that I have played. I was a little unsure going into this, however, after 600+ hours I can safely say that this game is amazing and it has exceeded my wildest expectations in every aspect!You begin at level 1 on normal difficulty, from then on you will be presented with a world of customization for your character as you level to the current cap of 85. Choose a class (or two), distribute attribute points (physique, cunning, and spirit; attribute points are one of the few things that cannot be undone once you have chosen your point placement), devotion points (gained by cleansing shrines shattered throughout Cairn; 50 possible points), and skill points (distributed into skills within the class or classes you have chosen) to define your character ""build"" down to the nano level in a way which suits your playing style best, as well as becomes the ultimate killing machine laying down waste to the unending swarm of mobs which surround the world of Cairn.Game difficulty starts at normal/veteran, you must complete the game on this difficulty before you can access the elite difficulty, likewise, you must complete elite to move on to ultimate. With each new difficulty the game requires a more strategic approach to your average farm fest. You will encounter the factions of Cairn, from which you gain reputation towards (or against) for completing specific tasks and killing certain mobs - Once you gain enough reputation with factions you can purchase special items from a faction vendor. Lose enough reputation with a certain faction, and you'll encounter that factions ""nemesis"" - a boss which you need to be prepared for.Weapon and gear customization includes ""components"" and ""augments"" instead of enchantments. These can add much needed stats and resistances to your characters gear. As you progress through the difficulties you will begin to get superior gear drops from mobs such as legendaries and epics - which can add a huge boost to your build; some gear pieces will even give you special abilities. Loot is plentiful in this world, you will find a variety of chests and troves, tiny rocks with gear underneath them, dead bodies with gear to take, and a vast array of mobs around every turn which may drop your next much needed piece to complete that set. Endgame here consists of the typical ""farm"" for the remaining pieces of gear you need to finish your build and get that ultimate dps boost. However, if you are ready to take it to the next level, there is always ""Hardcore Mode"", where death is permanent; when a character is created you must choose hardcore mode - you cannot switch to hardcore mode from a character that did not begin on hardcore mode.There are endless posibilities for different builds in this game, literally endless. Being new to the game genre, I made use of the Grim Dawn forums and found a build guide to help me on my journey through my first character to level 85. My first character is an 85 Acid / Poison Saboteur build (Nightblade Class + Demolitionist Class) - however I opted out of ""Hardcore Mode"" for my first character; and it was a wise choice because the game logs your deaths and I have 281 to date! It also logs a variety of other useful data about your character, such as total mob kills, most damage you have ever done in one hit on a mob, etc.Crafting includes making special components from other components you found in the world, as well as crafting pieces of armor and weapons. You find ""blueprints"" throughout the world which teach you how to make new items. Crafting is a critical aspect to gameplay and I think Crate nailed it beautifully.Along with the standard ""vanilla"" game, there is also the Crucible DLC - which adds an arena type challenge where you square up with an endless wave of mobs and bosses, the longer you survive (up to 150 waves on 3 difficulties) the greater the loot you will receive. Furthermore, there are many modifications that can be found on the Grim Dawn forums from which to try if you'd like to change up gameplay for awhile.I highly recommend Grim Dawn! It is a game where your actions and combat actually feels impactful and meaningful, the graphics and world are very detailed and the art style is uniquely appealing. Combat is smooth and visually spectacular; get ready to watch heads roll."
,Recommended,219990,34911183,Posted: 12 September,all,dontheal,"This game is very nostalgic in a good way.It takes you back to aeons ago, where games were actually good.The game has a great story (if you even bother to find and read things) and you're notthatrestricted by ""classes"". The ambience music is creepy enough that I have to turn it off when I'm playing into the night. It really brings out the dark fantasy vibe which I thoroughly enjoy.Gameplay is much fun for the experienced as it gets progressively difficult (although it's also dependent on the skills you choose). Hardcore mode is also available! (YAY) The introduction of the devotion tree allows a lot of creativityBUTrequires painful and costly experimentation if you are not one to read guides prior to playing a game. For beginners, the starting difficulty level provides sufficient challenge but it may take some time before you get to use some flashy skills which may put off some peoplewho have no patience.For me, it was definitely worth every penny."
76561198041117156,Recommended,219990,10101283,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,danielcutthroat,"well well well,what to say about grim dawn....BETTER THAN D3!nuff said..."
,Recommended,219990,11093938,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Tigax,"The new old diablo, very nice actually"
,Recommended,219990,11097187,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Chopper Dave 58,"I am really digging this game, it has very good elements to it."
,Recommended,219990,12836580,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,HarbingerCrow,this game is so much fun
76561198178285777,Recommended,219990,14404574,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Razberry28,good game !!!
76561198035158750,Recommended,219990,15249599,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,studmuffin,For early access this game is simply awesome.I keep saying to myself i refuse to play anymore until release but i end up starting the game up again.Early access games have a tendancy to be unpolished and full of bugs.Not this game i can assure you.Have had a blast with the build i have chose.Even now there is about 30-40 hrs of gameplay available if you wish to play.Me thinks they said the full game would be 80 hrs or something like that.For the price your getting an absolute bargain.Do yourself a favour if you like ARPG and just buy the game.
,Recommended,219990,15539919,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Nihilus,"Titan quest fans, Welcome home."
76561198032266114,Recommended,219990,16693181,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Daktyl anima mundi,"im played TQIT-Undelord mod, and i must say 2013-2015 development isnt so rapidly fast, i dont like early acces games, because these games probably never will be finished,_ benefits_ like D2, TQIT* good loot system +* itemizaation +* Graphics +* potential if development will be countinue +* customization skill system ( every char is unique , Not like in D3 xD every char there is same -like skills cannot be upgrade skills/_Negative_* poor destroyable objects, very low objects* same enviroment everywhere, too boring* balance game*bad performance* not so much kind monsters ( in TQIT is very nice variable monsters /______sry for my super ultra bad eng i hate eng"
76561198060113070,Recommended,219990,23034640,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,V.,great game
76561197970316946,Recommended,219990,10013338,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,T Rex,"Meh, game has potential but you're better off waiting.  Game play reminds me of POE.  Controls aren't quite solid,  You never quite know where your shot or attack is going.Very hard to see things against the background.  Lack of any help in map; caves and other found landmarks aren't shown on map. Graphics are last gen.  Be nice if they were upgraded at some point.  Overall, good potential but nothing groundbreaking. Still may be a fun game once they work out a few more of the kinks."
,Recommended,219990,11096889,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,𝖀𝖒𝖇𝖎𝖑𝖎𝖈𝖆𝖑𝕮𝖔𝖗𝖕𝖘𝖊,I have had more fun playing this than any of the 100+ hours I've had on Diablo 3. I played Diablo 2 for 10+ years and this is the first game to seem to be able to hold a candle to it. It's great and if you like any ARPGs at all then you will love this game. Buy it.
76561197966468965,Recommended,219990,11606241,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,PsychoTortoise,Very good steam-punkish ARPG. I highly recommend it.
76561197960565745,Recommended,219990,13518097,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BrewUnit,awesome
76561197989073008,Recommended,219990,20899008,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Sonymystic,"Awesome game, this is what Diablo 3 should of been."
76561198048125964,Recommended,219990,20901003,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Sunni,"Like so many other ARPG's and yet innovative and surprising at the same time. Amazing game well worth picking up for anyone who enjoys killing stuff and getting sweet sweet loot, all the time. Like you can actually find the good items. Seriously. (POE I'm looking at you)"
,Recommended,219990,24008548,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,OhioMan,"Someone I know told me to get Grim Dawn since I really like games like Diablo2,Van Helsing,Victor Vran,Dungeon Siege etc.So since it was on sale I bought it.. Played about 2 hours of it and went.. WOAH this is awesome!  it is like all those games all decided to mate and out came this game. Game runs really well on my good game pc and runs well on this mediocre computer and even tried it out on my antique pc.. runs excellent, gameplay is exactly what i like, graphics are good too. I have yet to try this Coop tho I am pretty sure it would be much like Dungeon siege is coop.I recommend!"
,Recommended,219990,10226058,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,BubberDuck,"Its not Titan quest... its not path... but its pretty good for what it is. Its still in alpha as of this review and they have a lot to do, but as it stands its a pretty good game with a few too many rehashed abilities. Can't wait for new classes to come out so that the game has a bit more depth. Other than the rehashed skills from Titan Quest (pretty much all of the soldier class is just warrior herp derp) the game runs nice and looks pretty good. Have only had one glitch and it was harmless.7/10 (at this moment)"
,Recommended,219990,14829150,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Saryn is Bae,"Ok this is simple did you like Diablo 2 and Titan Quest? Then buy this game! I know its still in early acess but already there is a ton of content in the game.If you ever played Titan Quest this game should be very familiar to you with some improvements over TQ series,its set in a darker setting than Titan Quest and instead of fighting Greek Gods any mythical creatures you are fighting zombies and zombie alike monsters. The combat is fluid and fun,there is alot of ways you can customize and create your own character build,there is lots of loot,crafting system,dungeon maps are quite big in comparison to Diablo 3,the classes are very fun! There is also dual class system. For this price its a gem of a game and by the time it hits release it will just get better.Edit:in about 2-3weeks they are expecting to release B25 update with faction quartermasters,bounty system and faction armor sets."
,Recommended,219990,14900248,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Angry BoBRoK™,best hacknslash iv played in a long time feels smooth great skill tree with 5 different classes which all seem to work there own way really enjoying it so far can say one bad thing about it but if you LOVE DIABLO 2 this is the next best thing give it a go support it i will be playing this game for a long timeediting reveiw game has been updated with more content new person to play as shaman well worth iti had a break and then thought ill have another play with the new level cap and smash some out loving it even more
76561197988959978,Recommended,219990,15427289,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,asdadsadasdasdsadd,First impression as a gamer who played diablo 1 and diablo 2 this games feels just right at home . The game never lets up on the action and loots . What can I say about the loots ? the game rewards you for going through the extra miles by killing elite units they are chances of getting more rare and epic drops . Really recommended for those who enjoy ARPG games. I give this game a 5/5
76561198025359639,Recommended,219990,20925262,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,toddbert,"A big, big world, an ARPG that really focuses on the 'Action' part-- with a deep selection of spells and skills that make you feel like a fantasy badass, and an interesting, original setting? Yep, you get all that. This is a great, fun game!"
76561198003464757,Recommended,219990,7641489,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Usagin,"Je viens juste de commencer, mais à mon avis ce jeu va me durer au moins un milliers d'heures. Merci Crate d'avoir tenu bon"
76561197975294760,Recommended,219990,11014616,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Smash,really enjoying it!
76561198065225257,Recommended,219990,12709226,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,evcastello,"Amazing game, get this is Diablo 3 release made you die inside."
,Recommended,219990,12926567,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,[BULT] Nicky! <3,The game is awesome! :P
76561198119135710,Recommended,219990,12928049,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,IrishManiac,really fun game
76561198042877234,Recommended,219990,9724041,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Nomad,"Great atmosphere, gameplay and story ! Love this game !But i'd still give it a 8.5/10. Some things need to be fixed.First of all, MOAR CLASSES. I know this is something big, but why not splitting the mage class in two different classes, one with the ""attack spells and buffs"" and the other with the invocations/summonings ?Secondly, I think it would be cool if rare drop actually looked better. I mean, instead of adding some blue here and there on the item's skin, make it beautiful !Other than that, I don't have much to say. Awesome work."
76561198034608276,Recommended,219990,15273447,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,weed_gnome,"Actually lost track of time playing this game, haven't done that since Torchlight 2. Picked this up on sale, and glad I did. Can't wait for more!"
,Recommended,219990,19678198,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,JunglePredator,A great ARPG.Sometimes a little to dark (however upping the gamma makes it look odd... just needs a few less shadows) but the art style is terrific & player characters are highly customizable.While I think Diablo 3 looks better I think this has the better game play in every way except perhaps crafting.This has a fairly in depth crafting system but there's no way to customize say a sword or helmet. The item you craft comes with set stats & then random stats on to which you can add a component (for diablo 2 players - a rune or gem basically). However unlike some other (A)RPGs you can't ensure your sword has a bonus to undead attacks or similar during.Off to a slow early access start the game is very polished at this point & coming along nicely. Updates seem to be more regular than in the beginning & updates now seem to add something that's fairly exciting each time.Monster variety is fairly standard for an ARPG but the reputation system adds a bit of flavour to the various factions you encounter. While it adds a bit of flavour it is mostly pointless & just makes it seem a bit more dynamic as in the end you'll kill enough of enemy factions to become the most hated etc.Monsters scale roughly to your level making the challenge stay fairly steady if you back track however it also means that level 30 monsters in the area that used to be the starting level makes it seem like you have less character progression then you do. That said it in no way ruins the fun.Over all one of the best ARPGs I've ever played being every bit on par with Diablo 2. More balanced then Titan Quest Immortal Throne & more in depth then The Incredible Adventures Of Van Helsing this game is well worth the North American price attached to it.
76561198037775463,Recommended,219990,23005136,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,RedRum,"Grim Dawn is an aRPG that nails almost everything it tries to do. Everything from the gameplay to the atmosphere, it all works. Being very picky with games due to my crazy inhibiting ADHD and tendency to get bored of games quickly, even ones that I want to finish, games have become even more of an investment to me than usual. Grim Dawn is able to capture my attention with it's very balanced combat, loot system, atmosphere, and steady flow. While having many aspects of past aRPG's (ex. Diablo, Victor Vran, etc.), it manages to stand on its own with it's design, character skills, and game world. If you enjoy aRPG's, or even just RPG's in general, I highly recommend Grim Dawn."
76561198040459503,Recommended,219990,11131128,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Nux,"Having spent some time in the world of Grim Dawn I think I have come to a conclussion on it. The story revolves about a pretty common topic of all around destruction across the world and doing what is needed to survive...so not much there as far as I know but not alot of people will care about it in an ARPG anyway.In terms of presentation I really like the environments that it has along with the music and sound effects, which are all very good, the enemy variety is really impressive I did not expect so much variety in such a short span of areas. The way you travel around the world is through riftgates and besides those waypoints you can also create your own Riftgate which is incredibly good for going back and selling all your trash and getting right back in the fight, besides that you get inventory expansions as you go through quests that let you carry more loot which is also amazing, one of the other good things is the progression of places that can start to get restored as you complete side quests and such like bridges, merchants,etc...On the other hand I think it has a couple of problems like the fact that some of the skills are all the same, well at least when it comes to demolitionist, all the skills are throwables that do similar things and then the rest are alot of passives, that can end up to what i experienced which is you just click to attack and use one other ability because everything else are passives or things you don't want to invest in. Lastly since it is in Early Acess not all areas are done and what not and also sometimes some loot can float off screen or get into places where you can't get it but it rarely happens. Overrall good if you are a fan of the ARPG Genre, if not maybe wait for it to be on sale."
76561198030946047,Recommended,219990,11588306,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,GAPING VOID,I luv arpg. #arpgswagger
76561197993374045,Recommended,219990,11964297,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Skull21,"When it gets to release state, it's gonna be one hell of a slasher."
76561198005062620,Recommended,219990,14145486,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,peter0061,Diablo clone set in a very cool world with interesting character classes.  Great early access game.
,Recommended,219990,9497972,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Spookz,"Reminiscence of the TitanQuest Series, nice."
76561198143808061,Recommended,219990,16763002,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,flipped180,"Great game for any arpg fan!  Engaging combat, tons of loot, and a widely varied skill tree make this game extremely replayable!   Everything feels solid and well put together....10/10!!!!"
76561197983511868,Recommended,219990,23243978,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,kronkhal,"One of the best ""Diablo-like"" games out there. Only one that I know where you can multiclass your character. Skills and loot is really good and the Devotion system adds another layer to your character customization.Overall, I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a ARPG with tons of skills and loot!"
,Recommended,219990,10374949,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,NewTroll,"For being still in Alpha, this is a really well polished game. Is easily working it's way up to being one of my Top 5 favorite Diablo clones of all time. Highly recommend to anyone needing a break from Diablo 3 and/or Path of Exile. Game (and gameplay) is more akin to The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing, but in a not-so gothic world. As of right now the story feels a little stale, but even if it's never improved this is still a great game.If this game isn't on your Wishlist yet, put it there now! You will want to pick this gem up eventually."
76561198008094512,Recommended,219990,15432635,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,jakdex,"much better game, than other action-rpg`s out there(which are already finished and not ""work in progress!"")"
,Recommended,219990,23232553,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,LUBRIFIANT,"Really great gameI was a big fan of Titan Quest and DiableDisappointed about the early version of Diablo 3I can spend hours on Grim Dawn !Developpers still working on it, and more content is coming"
,Recommended,219990,32352040,Posted: 11 June,all,F5y6,"Fantastic Game, I have no bad things to say about it"
,Recommended,219990,11220988,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,ANONYMOUS GRANDASS,YES MORE MURDER AND DESTRUCTION MORE SKILLS MORE POWERRRRRRRR IM A GOD
76561198066550668,Recommended,219990,12253106,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Fjohürs Lykkewe,"(Although labeled as an early access review, this was written as of Grim Dawn being content complete)This game has really grown into its own, I have enjoyed every minute of my time spent playing Grim Dawn. It is wonderful to see a good example of what happens when the Early Access system is used to its full potential. This game has alot to offer to those who enjoyed games like Torchlight, Diablo and especially Titan Quest. I can whole heartedly reccomend this game to anyone interested at this point in time."
76561197990194469,Recommended,219990,15465208,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Varshyl,"Great game, would definitely recommend buying it at this current state.  There are plenty of things to do and this definitely fulfilled that D2 itch."
76561197960418262,Recommended,219990,16540570,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[LL] Tybo,If you liked Titan Quest... which I did - this is another great title from the same devs. A bit more of a diablo-esque feel to the environments which is a good thing. On steam sale now! TQ as well
76561197972823757,Recommended,219990,22894056,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Bazookatooth,"Enjoyable dungeon game, preferable to Diablo III or Torchlight. Long grind to max level but it has been a good time playing with friends."
76561198023003091,Recommended,219990,23103987,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Pid,"Really fun and smooth. Perfect game feel, from movement to fights and UI, everything feels polished.This can compete with all other titles in the genre. I'm pleasantly surprised!"
,Recommended,219990,24011902,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,radz ラディ,POE+DIABLO
,Recommended,219990,14822074,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,S U K E B E,"A great adventure RPG. If you love Diablo/Diablo 2 you'll more than likely love this. Doesn't have all the swanky new stuff that Diablo 3 has, so it feels more classic, but I like that!"
76561198054092794,Recommended,219990,14894084,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,zanzibar,"This is the first title I've played that came close to recreating the feel that Diablo had. Hard to believe it is a team of eight who are creating this.Great:+ Creating a character is very simple, then boom you're into it and it's not long before you are whooping zombies.+ Controls feel very familiar to any diablo fan, not much of a learning curve+ Simple hordes of bad guys killing fun+ Different classes keep the replayability up+ Some of the environment is destroyable ;-)+ Decent graphics... not awesome but what you;d expect+ I quite like the music / sound+ It plays locally... which is to say you aren't subjected to server lagNot so great:- Static maps, not random generated (well, not that I've seen yet)- There is a bit of spit and polish required on the graphics e.g. I see some tearing for some reason even with vsync on- Line of sight issues- Only partway through chapter 3 is complete (which is still a fair bit of content).This title caught me right away unlike Torchlight 1/2, which were good similar games but just didn't feel as fun to play, For the low price, this is worth a shot if you like ARPGs."
,Recommended,219990,15475750,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Azi nu...maine poate...!?,"Diablo style , gothic , weird in the good sense.Must play this game."
,Recommended,219990,23781847,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Callahan,"If you thought diablo 3 didn't have enough depth and that Path of Exile was just too long/too much of a time sync, then you will likely enjoy Grim Dawn. Be prepared to bookmark a ton of builds and geek out on how much depth this AAA quality title has to offer. One of the better arpgs i've played in a looooong time."
76561198147052807,Recommended,219990,24176914,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,RITE in TH3 eye,"This game is fantastic. I have never had so much fun on an open world ARPG game before. For the price of $25 USD. I am am high recommeding this game to all players who love magic, guns, and shield and sword. A must buy."
76561197998375840,Recommended,219990,10403587,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Invisible,"Well then. The game has changed drastically. I only wish I had not seen it before it approached it final release, but all I have to say is WOW. This game really is fantastic if you EVER liked a GOOD and DARK themed hack and slash with tons of awesome skills, gear, sweet music, killer effects, and an extremely polished UI system (feels a bit older but what can I say I'm definitely a fan).... I suggest this game then."
76561197996829961,Recommended,219990,8981456,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Shimapan,"It's a good RPG with potential.Like the DesignGood fast Gameplay, And a World to explore. Skilltree!But still needs some work. Hope for more Updates ..."
,Recommended,219990,15434882,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,The Exiled One,"I was a little hesitant at buying this but I finally did and I dont regret it one bit, 13 hours in and just pure fun, you can see some titan quest in this but I really like it its one of the best games in early access, I love the apocalypse feel and the classes are great to me with the option of choosing 2, over all way better then diablo 3 and way more dark and bloody then torchlight 2 certainly brings an amazing rpg to fill the void of those who were disappointed in diablo 3, I give 10/10"
,Recommended,219990,15838081,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Nholcrais,^%£! YEAH
76561198034360981,Recommended,219990,20742152,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Potatoes&Dragons,"A much needed return to old-school RPGs from the makers of the well loved Titan Quest series. This new installments offers rewarding gameplay, multiple choice options and an unbelievable amount of content. Like Titan Quest, this game is single narrative, though the amount of side quests and main-quest-influencing guilds, make the game a favorite. Not as big as Titan Quest, it can be a quick game for the avid gamer, not including the amount of radiant quests up for offer. The main downside to this game is the skill options. While made to feel different and class specific, your character and quite easily become generic. Out of 3 playthroughs with two of the selectable skill options (all different each playthrough) it really felt I still had one character going. You could quite easily finish this game without picking any skill options at all, albeit a long and tough time. Regardless, this game is a real gem when it comes to true RPG - freedom of choice, consequence and an engaging narrative. Can't ask for more from this well justified Titan Quest crew."
76561198015650534,Recommended,219990,22988503,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Jettin,"Fun game, decent graphix, lots of quests, huge selection of weapons and armor, did I mention its fun as Hell!"
,Recommended,219990,23058955,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Buzzcut,"I'm loving this game, only a few hours in and it definitly has that Diablo 2 feel to it, which I've poured hundreds of hours into. I can already see the replay value in it with the different class choices. I can't wait to play it all the way through."
,Recommended,219990,10383633,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Juge,"If you liked Titan Quest, you will (pretty surely) love Grim Dawn."
,Recommended,219990,11148801,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Nyaa-Lyn is love <3,"awesome game. nice texture and gameplay , but its still has some bug such as when u change the texture quailty, it will be crash, anw, with me still 10/10"
76561197999216916,Recommended,219990,11252579,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Traffe,"It's still early days as the game is not complete, but this is definitely shaping up. The graphics took me a little while to get used to, but this is a very good Action RPG. Along the same lines as Titan Quest, in that it's a slightly slower paced game than Diablo 3."
76561198040557124,Recommended,219990,11371823,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Lazero,"nice updates, love this game, not just a easy walk thru the park."
76561198015535833,Recommended,219990,34119615,Posted: 9 August,all,Darryl305,"Ok, so I have had this game for a little while, and time for a review. I will give it old school basic review scores, 1=poor,5=great! and then a detailed review under..so here goes:Graphics: 4.5Sound:4Control: 4Gameplay:4The Good: Stays true to its name. It is a very grim and dark world. (Though there are some brighter, colorful areas, that keep the eyes pleased.) There are tons of voice acted charectars progressing you through a stroy. Tons of random and hidden stuff to find, including notes, that detail some of the local lore. ( Like explaining what happened to once peaceful farm towns and such)The graphics are really detailed an atmospheric. A true Halloween feel to the game. The sound I would say is equally as good. Eerie music and effects.Multiplayer seems fun. You can either join someones game, or just make your own, your friends can join in, or random people, and it can be fun to see how different builds complement each other. Also you can trade others to get some items,gear, or componets you may need.THe bad: Well, the game will take a bit of time to get used to, and tons of time to master. There is ALOT of info out there to help, but it will take a while to understand the way different builds and skills work. ( I still have very little clue to this)There are Grim Calculators, and tons of videos. But again, you will have to dedicate some time to this game, which can be hard if you work a full time job, or full time student. Its not really a bad thing, just be warned, you will not master this game without some time, effort, and knowledge learned.Defintely worth it, I got it on sale, and bought 2 copies to play with my son."
76561198070553965,Recommended,219990,9508379,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,friggin_charles,awsome game really anyone who likes third pov hack slash rpgs will love this game for sure
,Recommended,219990,22947953,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Shankcgv,"Excellent game, I've supported Grim Dawn since it in the Alpha's.This one has a great, nostalgic feel to it and i love.I am sure fans of Diablo series would love it too.Graphics are excellent and match any AAA game standards.The sound design and asthetic is good as well.Game play is fluid and responds very well all across the board.I wish it has more voice over for all the NPCs.The UI is not clunky but it leaves desire for describing a little more what those small buttons do,for me it was not an issue but for a notice Strategy/RPG player it could be a little frustrating.Its not that big a deal.I also hoped the Inventory would scale with resolution as well, setting it to 1080preally makes everything small but just adequate, playing for long hours may strain your eyes with this.I played 6 hours since i clicked the Play button and didn't relalize so much time haspassed. Totally recommend it."
76561198003003967,Recommended,219990,23217867,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Croyd_Crenson,This game is amazing!
76561198213368000,Recommended,219990,35431718,Posted: 2 October,all,Qwerty,This should be called Diablo 3.
,Recommended,219990,21575615,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,J-Wizzle,This game is simply amazing.
76561198086486486,Recommended,219990,21156613,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Reachf0rtheSky,Best ARPG out there! Nice combat combined with diverse character development. Just how its supposed to be!
,Recommended,219990,25068691,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Mors,"An amazing spiritual successor to one of the most beloved arpgs of the past - Titan Quest.Recipe is pretty easy:Take TQ, pour some sweet tweaks, more skills, factions and lovely lovecraft atmosphere on it, mix it with classic addicting arpg gameplay - Done! You can freely enjoy it for few full playthroughs."
76561198049718840,Recommended,219990,14815160,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,HAIL SATAN,for the very first time i havent felt scammed about an early access game on steam.let me make it more clear; this game is better than game of thrones tv series.
76561198063651956,Recommended,219990,21612103,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,jason8102,"Grim Dawn...what can I say.  If you like Diablo, Torch Light, POE....you will like this game!  The graphics are great and the sounds though the headset are great as well.  I've put in 121hrs into the game.  That is off and on play while I ""work"" in the background.  I finished the game on normal mode.  There's only a few negative points I will touch on.1.) The game is unbalanced vs. Diablo.  As you level up in Diablo we all know the loot levels with you.  In here I finished the game still wearing level 20 pants yet my toon was level 40.  The loot needs to level with you, fix that.2.) Diablo fixed alot of the drop issues and said....""You know what...if you are a barb you will get mainly barb gear""  In Grim Dawn loot drops for every toon and it's difficult to decifer what is loot for a soldier vs. another toon.  I created a soldier for the first toon.  There is a ton of loot that drops as well.3.) Questing.  The maps in Grim Dawn are BIG!  There are not enough check points to put you right where you want to be.  So you will need to pick the closest rift spot and find where you need to go.  The world map doesn't tell you of all the location names with in the world.4.) Questing can be slow, because you have no idea right where to go.  There are no idicators so it's a total hunt on where to go.5.) End of game- Last boss kill I had to look online to make sure I just killed the last boss of the game.  We all know like in Diablo....you killed Diablo it was the end of game and now you need to start it on a harder mode to gain higher XP to progress.  Grim Dawn I had no idea really that I just killed the last boss of the game.6.) Crafting in the game is huge.  There are tons of things to farm and find.  It could've been toned down a bit, but I still like it for some reason.Other then that, it's a great game for the cost.  Plenty of hours of replay and bounty hunts now with different fractions of the game that you worked for.  All in all I would say buy!"
,Recommended,219990,21640728,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,kingston 4321,"if your in hack and slash action rpgs like titan quest, diablo II, path of exile, torchlight :D YOU WILL <3 THIS"
,Recommended,219990,28026485,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,EsKa,"Best Action RPG in years.+ Beautiful hand-crafted world+ Tons and tons of stats, weapons, armors and even a crafting system+ Complete dual class system and one of the rare games where a summoner build is not underpowered- Story and lore mostly presented through text, lots and lots of text (optional, tho)- Would have benefited from a couple of additional procedural dungeons"
,Recommended,219990,23494427,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Hexory,Best ARPG I've ever played <3
,Recommended,219990,35221018,Posted: 26 September,all,Duke Nukem,Great game for RPG Hack-N-Slash players
76561198003839441,Recommended,219990,34002769,Posted: 3 August,all,Puppy Sif,Best ARPG i've ever played 11/10Hopefully Burbon Senpai notice me nowAlso don't forget to get Angrim his Scrap
,Recommended,219990,33798336,Posted: 25 July,all,K4rkarin,I love this game very much. I'm looking forward to new expansion.
,Recommended,219990,33878154,Posted: 29 July,all,RevaDiaz,"A totally worth game to buy. I have played some ARPGs before, like Diablo, Torchlight, Fate, Titan Quest (same developer as Grim Dawn). And I can say this is the best ARPG i've ever played."
76561197975117486,Recommended,219990,26311602,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,gambit70,Incredibly addictive and rather beautiful game.  There are enough classes and options to keep you playing for a LOOONG time.  Highyl recommended
,Recommended,219990,26399172,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ManoLima,"Great game! Much better than Diablo 3. Dozens of possible combinations of techniques, items etc. really worth it!"
,Not Recommended,219990,28641157,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,last man standing,"It's really saddens me but I have to give Grim Dawn a negative review. I really like this game just like I really liked Titan Quest, but sadly this game has severe performance problems due to poor optimization and the game only using one processor core. The performance was tolerable at first because the framerate only dropped to 40-30 fps, but the further I got in the game, the more enemies I had to fight at once and my framerate started dropping into the low 20s. 20 fps is absolutely unplayable especially when you have to react fast which you have to in Grim Dawn. So until this problem is fixed (if ever) my review will stay negative.PC Specs: GPU: GTX 1070CPU: i5-4690kRAM: 8GBPS: Yes I have tried all the online fixes for and modiefied my .ini but none of the fixes nor the .ini modificationd did anything."
76561198091310073,Recommended,219990,21465610,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Athobix,"One of the best Diablo-style games i have ever played.Its Like what Diablo 3 should have been but more and don't let me forget the classes, story, combat."
,Recommended,219990,21741246,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,MisterMurse,A very D2-esque hack-and-slash.Pros:BUILD a characterAbility to multi-classDifferent play-styles availableOptional Harcore without a playthroughCraftingCons:No dedicated server for on-line play.Items don't scale perfectlySome descriptions a little lacking.
76561198066710473,Recommended,219990,28380001,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Teutonix,Very addictive arpg that's a weird mix of Titan Quest & Diablo 2. A must for anyone a fan of the genre
76561197974682131,Recommended,219990,20432593,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Tsito,Отличная игра от создателя Titan's Quest. Очень много взято оттуда + чем-то напоминает PoE. Затягивает будь здоров!
76561197981077038,Not Recommended,219990,30942653,Posted: 4 April,all,S!AMEZEFUN,"Here's my second try at a review of Grim Dawn.I usually do not care about people who are basically fanboys and keep ranting about how the review is unfair and the reviewer is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥simply because he/she has got a different opinion other than their favourite game, which they sunk 100000 hours in, being the best game in the whole ♥♥♥♥ing world. And I imagine it could be really frustrating to admit that anything you invest that much time in is actually maybe not THAT good. This time the sheer stupidity and unwillingness to engage in an objective discussion about the review made me mad, so here it goes.One of my points of criticism was that Grim Dawn was too similar to Titan Quest and could in some ways considered to be a reskin of it. IN SOME WAYS. But: 1) I had lots of other things I criticised and 2) it was not nearly my main point of me disliking the game. So let's focus on the stuff, which is not Titan Quest related, let's forget it ever existed..:The combat is pretty weakI do not particularly like or enjoy Diablo 3 very much, but definitely not because of the combat system. Compared to D3, Torchlight 2 or Path of Exile, Grim Dawn feels like a stick up the♥♥♥♥♥You are rarely required to do anything else but stand still, attack and occasionally pop a healing potion or start escaping for some time until you recovered some health in case you get some real damage.The enemy variety is poor and mostly cosmetic. Doesn't matter if your foes are melee, ranged, magic - they all act the same way. They either run up to you and hit you or they get in range and shoot you from afar.In MY OPINION that is pretty boring. Rembember: YOUR OPINION might be different, you might find that standing around and left-clicking without any thinking whatsoever is pretty exciting..:The skill tree is not particularly interestingI think they did a pretty good job on the Devotion Tree, which borrows some ideas from Path of Exiles passive skill tree (which, by the way, is PERFECTLY fine, the borrowing thing) the rest of it is not that much of a highlight. You mostly invest points in leveling up your mastery which unlocks new abilities or you invest points in already unlocked abilities - so far so standard.What bothers me though, is that none of these choices are very interesting. You get % or DPS-upgrades by investing points, other than that not much happens.If I take two of the games above as a comparison - the rune system in D3 (which, again, I personally do not really like) is much more appealing since it offers you lots of choices and gives you some flexibility, adapting the abilities you like to the playstyle you choose. Torchlight 2 goes a more traditional way of leveling and getting abilities, but every few levels you not only get more damage or a longer lasting effect of abilities, you also get a different benefit for investing more than a few levels in a certain skill.That's it.My two main points of criticism, and to me those are enough not to recommend the game, since pretty much all you do in GD is fight and level your char. And if the combat system is weak and leveling is run-of-the-mill (but not exactly bad), that is enough (FOR ME) to not like it and to not recommend it to other people, especially since there are several other games, which are more exciting."
76561198054285396,Recommended,219990,10439944,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Profile Name,"I don't often write reviews, but for this, I will. First off, I have been playing ARPGs since The Legend of Zelda on the NES. ( That might help you guess, if you haven't, that I'm in my 30's ) I've now pumped out 8 hours into the game and here's what I think.Let me start by saying this - If you're on the fence about this, as I was, let me make it simple and then I'll go into the ""proper review"". If you enjoyed Diablo 2 and Titan Quest, I'd say there's a 99% chance you will like this. If you didn't like Diablo 3, you will most most likely enjoy this. ( I did not enjoy d3 at all, maybe for 5 mins here and there ) It's pretty much a mix of the 2. Hope that helps you decide, it's that simple. You can stop reading now and buy the game. For those who want a bit more, read on.Graphics - Character models are a bit ""bland"" for the most part. The paper doll is standard. Where this game shines, graphically speaking only, is the atmosphere and monster animations/deaths in my opinion. The maps are well thought out, obviously a ton of time went into them. The monsters are placed well, and vary enough to keep it somewhat interesting. Colors are ""dark"" to go with the mood, but there is some variation there from time to time. The map is fairly easy to follow, like in Titan Quest and somewhat like Diablo 2. Haven't noticed any graphical glitches as of yet.Music - Wonderful. Dark, well composed, and again - very akin to Diablo 2. Goes perfectly with each area and queues properly when you move from zone to zone. Nothing bad to say about the music.Loot - Fairly well distributed. Not too much, nor too little. Seems a lot of thought went into balancing this time around. HP/MP pots are priced fairly high so you can't just buy 99 at a time. So far, the items I've received have been on par with the enemies I've encountered. That's a make or break for me. Sometimes in ARPGs, even Titan Quest, you get a weapon that clears mobs too easily and then you don't look forward to finding new loot. 8 Hours in, I've noticed it's been progressive and I'm still having to compare items I pick up, and what I have, They also don't sell for much, again, a lot of time went into the equations and loot tables. Well done so far.Skill Trees - I have 2 classes right now ( I'm lvl 19 ) They mix well and keep it interesting. The skills are intuitive and while of course you use them over and over, the combos have remained fairly fun. It's set up almost exactly like Titan Quest here, which I like. I'd like to see more classes in the final release, that being said.Progression - This is a big one for me. Does the game get better or just continue and repeat? I've found each area being more enjoyable as I go. The caverns and cellars get more challenging and larger. I have enjoyed every part of the map thus far. In Diablo 3, for example, I found everything was mostly the same. The challenges were too far apart and too few. I'd replay Grim Dawn with another toon later. Certain areas are blocked off, as well, which makes you go around. ( barries, broken bridges etc. ) I enjoy that, it's not a pain, it's actually well thought out.Crafting - Haven't gotten into this much yet, but I messed around with a few things to create a pistol. The stats were decent and seems it may have a use later. Pretty much, you just need certain formulas/blueprints etc to make ""better items"".Quests - Straight forward. I enjoy the aspect of my hand not being ""held"". They give you a general area, and sometimes direction, but you will have to look around a bit sometimes. There are no ""quests markers"" per se. Sometimes, you will see the ""star"", however, for a particular type of quest. The side quests are also fairly enjoyable and fit into the game pretty well. They also give decent ""rewards"". Nothing too fancy, but also not a piece of crap for the most part. It also ""gives you a reason"" to check every little piece of the map.Combat - Balanced, not too repetitive ( that's hard for an ARPG in general ). Basic formula for these types of games. Kill♥♥♥♥♥♥ get new quests, loot, break boxes - repeat. Simple formula since Diablo 1, and sometimes, simple is ok. It works in Grim Dawn. I haven't lost interest yet, and want to progress. As I said before, the combos are indeed repetitive, but you expect that in these types of games. Overall, fun.Final thoughts - I look forward to see how it turns out. As it stands, this is the best Early Access game I've played thus far. Well put together, balanced, fairly polished and I've encountered VERY minor glitches. ( like a create you have to move around to finally break, or enemies not in line of sight - that probably should be ) Not a big deal. I think the addition of Multiplayer, perhaps some form of PVP or even the ability to ""PK"" on certain servers/games would be awesome. I enjoyed being able to go into ""Combat mode"" in Diablo 2 and trying to track down another player on the map, without really knowing where he was. Creates another challenge. I think from what I've read, this game has come along nicely. The devs seem to be listening, and I'm REALLY impressed with this based on the size of their team. I'm glad I spent the 25$, worth every penny, and I'm glad I can help support their vision. I'm excited to see where it goes. So far, so good."
76561198006395395,Recommended,219990,13438296,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Thundernut01,"I have played over 70 hours of Grim Dawn now and have to say this is probably the best ARPG i've ever played, even being 2/3 complete. If you enjoy ARPGs at all, buy this game!"
,Recommended,219990,13507817,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mattman111,Titan Quest when did you get so edgy? 10/10 Seriously good RPG so far.
76561198053936330,Recommended,219990,9276175,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,evstream,IMPRESSIVE
,Recommended,219990,13512028,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,b0bje,"Get this, it is awesome !*After 518 paragon levels in Diablo 3 (b0bje#2247) this is a very welcome change of scenery.Nice environments, loads of bad guys and a lot of loot!"
76561198000698735,Recommended,219990,14742012,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Last Knight Down,"I figure after 280 hours of gameplay, Grim Dawn deserves a review. Let's get this out of the way: Is it a good spiritual successor to Titan Quest? No. Was anything ever going to be? Probably not. Are these the guys that could make it if something ever was going to be? Yeah.The thing that shines about Grim Dawn is, unlike other action RPGs, it stays challenging. There are only a few builds that can grind without having to chug potions, and potions are on a timer so you're forced to move around and play smart to stay alive. Veteran and online play are very rewarding and the loot has undergone drastic improvements over the last few patches. Being able to dual class and just the sheer number of skills each class has means that there are hundreds of viable builds and most of them are fun to play. It bears mentioning that every build looks nicer and visually this game will top out looking beautiful and replayable.The only negative here is that you still can't (as of patch 24) remove skill points from your class mastery. I would be fine with it if you could only lower your mastery in a class to reallocate those skill points within the class you already dedicated them to. But not being able to lower your mastery locks you out of a lot of good builds right now being level capped at 40. This problem will solve itself but for now I'm going to leave it as my one gripe.If you're looking for survival horror... Well. This is an action game with horror themes. Don't come to this one wanting the spooks. You won't get any spooks.Should you play Grim Dawn? If you like top-down action RPGs, loot, bosses and playing with friends, yes. There's a lot of great ideas and good times to be had in Grim Dawn."
76561198039399209,Recommended,219990,15128453,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Raserei,The absolute best ARPG right now.
,Recommended,219990,24173954,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kalil,"Grim Dawn scratched my ARPG itch better than any game since Diablo II.  It nails the tone, the action, the loot, and the character build complexity.  I somewhat miss the procedural area generation aspects of DII, but the flip side is that pregeneration allows them to 'hide' more stuff and create some interesting environments.I'd say the largest weakness is the co-op - monsters are a bit over-buffed in co-op mode.  I had originally planned to do Hardcore Mode in co-op with a friend, but we found that the chances of getting one-hit KOed were dramatically higher in co-op, and the game was harder well out of proportion with the increased power/versatality of the team.  Recent patches adjusted the balance of co-op some, so this may have been adressed, but I haven't had an oppurtunity to test."
,Recommended,219990,9423090,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Galen Cathal,"Looking for the best action RPG available today? You found it!This game is quality embodied! The dev team is a group of amazing and talented individuals who keep the community engaged and informed. You can tell that they love what they do and that, in turn makes players fall in love with this game and the world they created.And more, for the price you are getting a FANTASTIC deal. It's a finished product that will give you tons of hours of looting and monster slaying!And there is continued support from the Devs and an expansion is coming...Why are you still reading? Go and buy it already!"
,Recommended,219990,23095433,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Forever Torpid,NAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA Diablo 3 ahahahahahahahahhahaDiablo III LUL
76561197972325892,Recommended,219990,9323032,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,tkrich,"I really like this game!  As a big fan of RPG's, I took a chance on Grim Dawn, and I have been very pleased with the results.  I am about done with Act 2, and it meets my wow factor.  I expect to play this game through many times with the different character classes.  I can hardly wait for the next update to add crafting to the game.  This game has become my favorite, and I have a LOT of games."
76561198012782463,Recommended,219990,9569557,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Voxx-Chatter_777,"This game is still in Alpha, yet it already feels so complete. If you liked Diablo.. If you played Torchlight, but wanted a less cartoonie look.. then Grim Dawn is your game. Deep RPG elements. Leveling, looting. Class choices. Skill trees. Sound is great, and even has some music that feels like it came right from Diablo 2.If you have the money to spend on a great game that can only get better, get this. You will not be dissapointed."
76561198001518949,Recommended,219990,10064408,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,nato,"I've played allot of diablo 2 , Titan quest ,nox and then diablo 3. I've always looked for a game that can help me relive my diablo 2 days , Grim dawn gets close. It has the same ""mood"" that diablo 2 has , the gear you pick up isn't  all flashy and anime like it's more how you would expect it to be (medievalish).If you have played TQ this game will feel exactly the same in terms of responsiveness and leveling. I like that it has the same multiplayer as TQ so you can progress with your character offline then jam online when you feel like it. Definitely a 10/10."
76561197963100617,Recommended,219990,15510606,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Burglebunny,Crate!
,Recommended,219990,20926822,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Icecreamvan,This is how Diablo 3 should have been.
,Recommended,219990,7621650,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Kyvan101,This is a great Early Access Title winning above most others out there. It might be far from complete but is in a really great condition anyway and by supporting the Devs they will make this a dream come true for all Fans of ARPG's.
,Recommended,219990,19952802,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SWSquall,"**EDIT: Clarified a few points and added the Kotaku article.**I bought this game during the Winter Sale. I heard about the game from a Kotaku article about the developers honoring one of their loyal players who had passed away(http://kotaku.com/dad-immortalized-in-his-favorite-game-by-grieving-son-1748576006). It will not take long at all to realize that this game is a massive callback to games like Diablo, Sacred, and other such games. This is not a bad thing, as it seems to pick the best parts of these games, put them into a blender, and what comes out is a thorughly enjoyable ARPG.The story itself is nothing terribly special or ground breaking. Dead rising from the grave, you almost go that way, but don't, and now you are the ONLY ONE WHO CAN SAVE US! It's a bit cliche, but not overly boring. Graphically, I was fairly impressed. IMO, the games looks and sounds as good as Diablo 3. Gameplay is fast enough that you don't get bored, but not so fast that youa re overwhelmed.There are 7 character classes to chose from, each with strengths and weaknesses. You pick one to start with, and have the option of choosing a second class at level 10. You get a number of skill points each level to put towards various skills. This gives you a number of different builds and specs to use and try, which is part of the fun of these games for me.All in all, I have enjoyed my time playing this game immensely, and will continue to do so. The game is now content complete, and I hope the company continues to expand on it. I can recommend this to any who enjoyed the Diablo games or other games similar to that. I will likely updated this review as I go through the campaign."
76561198020548154,Recommended,219990,10246487,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Beaner,"This game is freaking awesome!  I'm a huge fan of Titan Quest and felt right at home with the controls and game play of this game.  Already got to level 35 with a warrior and a gun slinger (can't remember their actual build names).  The areas are very large to explore and replay value is excellent.  Can't wait until the third act is ready to play!  I never play multi-player and love the single player campaign.  The only thing I'd like to see is character customization and more items with cool effects (like the flaming shoulders my gun slinger is sporting right now).  Glad to help support you guys and keep up the great work Crate :)As for bugs, just a few .. sometimes I can walk across the bridge that's down to the left of town.  No monsters are there tho so no biggy.  Also, sometimes my gunslinger freezes during battles with a lot of enemies on the screen.  For some reason, deselecting and reselecting my gun seems to unfreeze the action.  If dying too fast though, I'll put up a town portal instead and return to town to avoid dying.  This never happened while playing with my warrior though.  Oh and rarely some monsters appear in the main town up inside the city walls .. not a biggie either, but just letting you know of it.I am glad i purchased this game and will recommend it to anyone who loves the fun of Diablo II and Titan Quest.  I played Paths of Excile before this and already uninstalled PoE from my system lol.  This game is just way more enjoyable to play than that game was."
76561198027766772,Recommended,219990,13373697,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Grawr,"amazing game. best description is  ""what dioablo 3 should have been"""
,Recommended,219990,9498381,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Sugarloaf Stickybuns,"Great dual class system and combat is MEATY and FUN.Health regenerates out of combat a bit too fast though, rendering potions practically useless within the early stages of the game.Open maps feel expansive without becoming overwhelming.Great game and I am excited to see how it turns out with more acts and multiplayer."
,Recommended,219990,17014686,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,WhatDaMath,"Edit: check out the video reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76LTmHa4B60One of my first online RPG experiences was with the original Diablo 1 - the game was brilliant back then. It had so much going for it and was way ahead of time.Grim Dawn is essentially the recreation of that old formula with the addition of many new features.In a nutshell, it's an excellent ARPG - a game similar to Diablo series, Torchlight, Van Helsing, Sacred and more specifically Titan Quest.If you had played Titan Quest you will recognize many of the features in Grim Dawn as well.What makes it stand out though is the absolutely brilliant atmosphere that is reinforced by really well made 3d graphics and incredible music. It also features well created character progression very similar to Titan Quest where you can essentially make a character that you want to play and choose the style that suits you best and most importantly, a variety of excellent and well thought-out items that will make you want to pursue various difficult assignments or dungeons just to get that special sword that may occasionaly drop.At first, I wasn't sure how I felt about the steampunk approach to this fantasy genre, but it turned out to be great as the only steam punk thing you'll really appreciate is the addition of excellent gunpowder based weaponry (rifles, pistols, handcannons etc...) but other than that this is as fantasy as it gets.Most importantly, this game combines all of these features absolutely brilliantly and is actually very challenging which was very important for me. Even on normal, finishing a very specific dungeon called Torment was ridiculously hard, I can't wait to try it again on Veteran mode and then again on Hardcore.What was really surprising on top of that is that the game actually scared me a few times, and this is after playing games like Alien Isolation and such. There are a few areas where the darkness and the ambience does such a good job at ticklingg your nerves that when things jump out at you, expect urine in pants.All in all, this was probably THE BEST Early Access purchase ever. I regret nothing and I will definitely support this game fully when it comes out.This is GOTY material when it's finished and will very likely become a classic, beating Diablo 3 and even Torchlight 2 under the rug.tl;dr:+excellent atmosphere+challenging, but fair+great music+lots of powerful items that matter+great graphics for the genre+best early access purchase (personal opinion)-still not finished - only 3/4 acts done-may not work well on older computers unlike Torchlight 2MUST BUY of 2015"
76561197987326605,Recommended,219990,9365320,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Danahi,"1. Enjoy Titan Quest's successor (except for the world)!2. Slaughter monsters the way diablo 3 can only dream of!3. Loot, loot, loooot!4. Two specialisations in case one gets boring.Pros:- Same great feel and touch as TQ- Nice hack 'n slash action RPG with a reasonable difficulty.- More content coming in the future (written on 6-3-2014)Cons:- still in alpha so no multiplayer yet.- graphics seem to be the same as it's spiritual predecessor (titan quest)"
76561197967430311,Recommended,219990,9413580,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Tigrex,"Pretty solid, great graphics with good FPS, Classes don't limit you and muticlassing really adds to the table, allowing a bigger depth in customizing"
76561197994894186,Recommended,219990,13526814,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Deinbeck,The foundation seems pretty solid.  The one major criticism I will level at the game in it's current state is that the player character models are absolutely terrible looking.  They are about as ugly and malformed as you can get.  Even the animations are stilted and awkward looking.A big part of these games is the joy of creating your character and watching it improve as you level up and kit it out in better gear.  Some of the enjoyment is drained from this process when the character that represents you is really terrible looking.  I find it hard to be motivated to continue when my character looks so terrible.
76561198003064540,Recommended,219990,10423760,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,TharpJohn739,"New Review:After finishing this game, putting 78 hours into (many more to come) I can say this is probably the best Action RPG out there. As a fanatic of Hack and Slashes like this one, it didnt take long to get into it. The classes are diverse and the items in the game add much more to a build then just making your character look cool. It does start out a little slow with the unlocking of your second build and finding the items to complete your build. and some of the classes do make it diffucult to make the ""Perfect"" class but put it doesnt pull you away from the action and the killing of many, many creature and undead creatures. I would Recommend this game to any one who wants to play an awesome Action RPG like Diablo 3."
,Recommended,219990,23129326,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dr. Jester - wubba lubba dub dub,Would I recommend this game? Wholeheartedly yes!
76561198028721484,Recommended,219990,9648187,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Kiwi,"This game borrows alot of elements from Titan Quest, and it may run on the same engine if i'm correct. But what this game does well is combat, each blow feels impactful and it leads to this game really shining even in this early of a state"
,Recommended,219990,10394618,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,EvenKeeld,Half a dozen hours in and this is fantastic. It's beautiful to look at and that keeps pushing me forward. It's a little hitchy in places and I've seen a few ctd's when changing video settings but that's what quality is these days. If you like Torchlight and the Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing you should like this.
76561198036070987,Recommended,219990,10492088,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Gundarr,i give it a solid 8/10 only thing that could give it a better score would be longer/more story content and finishing co-op and also giving us an arena would knock it up to 10/10 till then i will just be playing it over with each class combo.
76561198010392957,Recommended,219990,10763066,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Super Drewski,If you like titan quest you love this game. With improvements and updates. Suggestions for making it better. it could become better than most hack and slash games out there.
76561198005361951,Recommended,219990,9281199,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Mukanshin,"Great game.  It feels like what a ""certain"" ARPG should have been.  Gritty, brutal, hordes of monsters, lots of action, plenty of drops.  I haven't tried a caster yet, but I know playing a melee character is quite intense.  It's clear it's still in the development stages, however there is already enough gameplay and value here to recommend a purchase.  I paid full price for this a while back (full Early Access price) and I haven't regretted it since.At the time of writing this, Multiplayer is still unavailable, so I'm really looking forward to that.  So far, loving the single-player!It really is an absolute must-buy.  If Crate continues on this path, fixing bugs, listening to their players, etc...  We have a solid gold ARPG here in the works!9/10 (can't give it a 10, because of the lack of multiplayer at the moment and the fact it's still in heavy development)"
76561198034275080,Recommended,219990,9912797,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,fireforge22,"If you are a fan of Titan Quest or the Old Diablo games then this game is for you. Even though it is still in the early access phase , it has shown immensive thought by the developers on how a truely great game should have. Getting to choose how you build your character, what paths to take, who to save, are only a few aspects that are making GD so enjoyable. The content is challenging, and how you build your character changes how each encounter feels. I highly recommend GD!"
76561198089952348,Recommended,219990,14666861,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,JumpGunner,Great game so far. If the updates and fixs keep comming this will be a great experiance. 16hrs in and still playing.
,Recommended,219990,10598128,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Schlomo Goldstein,"This is an absolute kick♥♥♥♥♥game. I bought Diablo 3 with high hopes that it would bring as much enjoyment as the second one did but it failed miserabally (maybe its better with reaper of souls). Grim Dawn is very much like Diablo but has it's own feel to it and some different game play mechanics. So far defeated 2 main big bosses and I've loved every minute of it, definitely reccomend this game if you're a fan of the ARPG genre."
76561197982638730,Recommended,219990,9269952,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,(PG) hugemaskowski,diablo wishes this is what they would have put out!!!
76561198091472041,Recommended,219990,34539000,Posted: 27 August,all,kingwill,"with diablo 2 the best game i ever played. There so much builds and class combos to try out, you dont need special set items to kill the strongest enemies or clean hardest difficulty.If you liked d2,tl2 etc. thats a must to have.I guess almost 2k hours speaks for itself.perfect game 5/5***** stars, you wont regret it.+expansion will soon come out so there will be much more content."
,Recommended,219990,21089827,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,brouzouf ain't free,like titan quest but better worldbuilding/atmospherelike path of exile but lesser gear requirements (no linking♥♥♥♥♥♥like diablo but not♥♥♥♥♥♥lmaoits alright
,Recommended,219990,21556165,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,sTing,The updates turned my build into a potato
76561198069209708,Recommended,219990,30572541,Posted: 17 March,all,mifili64,"I bought this game at a discount, played Act1, felt bad that I bought it dicounted and I purchased it 3 more times for friends."
76561198050948010,Recommended,219990,35038616,Posted: 17 September,all,Speedbomber,"A Confusing PropositionLet me preface this review with the fact that this is my first serious review for a video game. I also want to mention that I am no stranger to dungeon-crawling games such as Grim Dawn, but I do tend to have my interest in these games fizzle toward the middle of Act 2.Grim Dawn is an interesting case for me. On one hand, it has a skill tree that is probably the most intuitive and easy to mess with tree I've ever used. On the other hand, the game is bogged down by dissatisfying combat, especially where animations are concerned, an uninteresting story, and a bland, dark, dime-a-dozen post-apocalyptic fantasy/steampunk world.I can feel the love and passion of the devs as I play this game, especially when it comes to character building, and I really think that this is one of the few true successes that have recently come out of early access, but I can't bring myself to like this game as much as i want to. Every new character I start, I can barely get past act 1, and afterword, I just get bored and want to fiddle with a new combination.Do I recommend this game? Absolutely. Maybe you'll see something in it that I don't, and have a grand old time with it. I want this game to succeed, if only to see more projects and games of this genre pop up, because this is a truly lacking medium.Please give this game a buy. The skill tree alone is reason enough to play it, and maybe you'll fall in love with the world along the way.(TL:DR)It's a good game with issues in graphics, setting, and story. Still worth a buy."
,Recommended,219990,31968994,Posted: 26 May,all,Wartec Meo,"I GOT 1,558 IN DIS GAME THIS DO A ♥♥♥♥♥ LIKE ME REAL GOOD!THIS GAME IS EVERYTHING DIABLO 2 WAS AND MORE :)AND LOOK INTO THEM MODS SO GOOD GOOD STUFF PEOPLEU CAN EVEN DO D 3 STYLE MODS AND TONS OF OTHER AWESOME STUFFI REALLY LOVE THIS GAME ITS PRETTY FLAWLESS TO ME OTHER THAN NEEDED A ALOT OF INVENTORY SPACE LOL."
,Recommended,219990,21604938,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Formlessnessence,"1. Grim Dawn GGWPI quit dota 2 sell my arcana to buy this gold,Nomore dota 2. 10/10-POE D3 TQ FATE GG Torchlight NOOBS"
,Recommended,219990,33524701,Posted: 13 July,all,Strand,"I like it, ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Recommended,219990,13631275,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ⓣ☯Ⓜ,"I love games like this - and this game is an excellent example of a game like this. The guys over at Crate are doing a fantastic job adding and balancing content. Many, many hours of gameplay in this game already. So many builds to create. So much loot. Big areas with plenty of stuff to slay. If you like games like this, get this game!"
76561198045606740,Recommended,219990,10955402,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,xgaldarx,"Looks promising, keep up the good work !"
,Recommended,219990,15300204,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,GinsengSamurai,"If you reminiscent on the days of Diablo 1 and Diablo 2, then Grim Dawn is the next best thing. It has been a long time since and I am glad I bought this. In short: it's damn fun.+ Pretty visuals.+ Nice ambiance.+ Good background music.+ UI is convenient and scalable.+ Camera can be zoomed in/out and rotated.+ Tons of loot and loot types.+ Character progression purely on battle improvement, don't have to worry about professions.+ Satisfying to watch mobs fall and explode all around you with fabulous effects.+ Maps are large, has a good variety of areas and monsters.+ Ability to toggle loot item rarity displayed on the field.- A UI bug when tool tips of on-field items can sometimes overlap inventory display.- Quest text a bit small. Should have the ability to adjust font-size.- Some quest goals are not very clear.- Volume control for music doesn't go down exponentially unless you turn it down all the way.- Hard to see vendors. Their icons usually blend into the background.- Items to be sold at vendors should display how much you can get for it.- Completing ""Acts"" are not evident. I didn't realize I was on Act 3 until I got to another city.- Loot dropped from monsters require individual clicking.SUGGESTIONS to developers:* Could display quest objectives on world map as a circle around an area, so players will still need to make an effort to look for the thing, place, person or target. Local map could display a smaller circle of where the objective may be. This way, more emphasize on game play action RPG, rather than jogging all over the place looking for things.* Could make picking up loot within close proximity of each other on one click, rather than multiple clicks. Loot threshold could be set in the options."
76561198016122089,Recommended,219990,14522435,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Romulus,"If you like Diablo, You'll love Grim Dawn! A+"
,Recommended,219990,14670578,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Glaistig Uaine,This is the most amazing game I have played in a long time.
76561198154228033,Recommended,219990,14576720,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,weaponsprime01,"Diablo 3, Diablo 2 feel. Fast paced, easy and fun. I have played all the classes and beat the game. Level 40 max for the moment.. I cant wait till they expand the game. I have 2 different classes at 40. Arcanist and Night blade. I didn't combine any classes besides like 10 points into oculist for the pets. The game is so much fun I have played all the other claases to 20 or 22 ish. GREAT game.. need more content is the only problem.. but an easy 30-40 hours and that's if you don't explore every nook and cranny. BUY the game.. I passed on it for a few months but then I tried it and quit all other games I was playing, and started this one full time."
76561198012072762,Recommended,219990,7856930,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Scar,"I highly recommend Grim Dawn. While still in Alpha, it is incredibly polished and fully playable. I've logged around 10 hours or so I believe and I have encountered two problems. I crashed once and shot through a wall (seemed to be only that wall) and killed  a horde on the other side. Not bad at all. The classes are very unique and while I have mainly dabbled in the Demolitionist, I will say that with my hours logged, I have not gotten bored at all. The first act is the only one that is out and I have not finished it yet but I believe that I still have a good 4 hours at the very least to go to finish the act, but even after that, there is more to do. Once I finish with that, I will be moving on with a new class and possibly try dual classing (available at level 10). The replay value is very high. Arthur Bruno is doing a very good job with the production of this game, I watched his stream on Twitch as ArchonTheWizard played and he answered questions from both Archon and the audience and was very impressed. He knows exactly where the game needs to go, wants community feedback and as you can see on the Steam page, informs us of the progress as much as he possibly can. All that is needed to expedite the process is our support (stop reading and buy the game already!). If you loved Diablo 2, Titan Quest or really any Diablo 2 Clone (for a lack of better terms) then you will enjoy this game, I wont even mention the horror of D3. Hands down better than any of the aforementioned titles. If you want a damn good ARPG then you found it."
,Recommended,219990,13261708,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Lenny,"Best a-RPG ever! So damn grim! Amazing atmosphere (especially the sound track), excellent combat, great story telling and setting. First time I have utilized Early Access and I don't regret it."
,Recommended,219990,10934411,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,madamonk,Fun already and very active devs
76561198080463773,Recommended,219990,14655713,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,vocrixis,Looking for people to play with add me =) great game btw worth the $25 USD
76561198030246893,Recommended,219990,14594017,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,blooders1,love this game plays good looks good cant wait for update
,Recommended,219990,25897964,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,Do you recommend this game?Yes
,Recommended,219990,35080321,Posted: 20 September,all,Katie Kaur ♥ WANT COUPONS,Best game alternative to diablo 3 if you can't afford it <3
,Recommended,219990,34233589,Posted: 14 August,all,Censored Hentai,Game is fantastic. Especially if you love Diablo II
76561198081833144,Recommended,219990,34638264,Posted: 31 August,all,IQ166,How to farm for legendary and rare items in Grim dawn!> Doing Step of torment complete run> Killing Story bosses as you proggress through the game> Opening chest with dynamite> Farming Nemesis> Farming Nemesis> Farming Nemesis> Repeat all the way above several times a day> All the ways above are useless as you feel powerless before RNGesus
,Recommended,219990,26269213,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,guyfromlastnight,Best arpg since Diablo 2. Better than D3.
76561198076782200,Recommended,219990,26291129,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,EchoesPrime.WE,For me: The best game in 2016!
76561198050595984,Recommended,219990,21761672,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Nikov,Fabulous!
,Recommended,219990,21782491,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Clarkie,My Diablo 3 :)
,Recommended,219990,29269406,Posted: 15 January,all,Mogdrogen,"Pros:This isn't Diablo 3 where every 10 seconds a legendary dropsThis isn't Diablo 3 where you level to 70 and it gives you the whole setThis isn't Diablo 3 where you must try hard to dieThis isn't Diablo 3 where story is♥♥♥♥♥♥and your only enemies are Demons with nipplesIf this is your first time playing Grim Dawn with a hardcore character in normal difficulty and veteran mode active, you will dieCons:Dying at level 35 makes you want to commit suicide but you're already dead inside so you create another character"
76561197999303718,Recommended,219990,23224945,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,fnzs,Best RPG EVAHHHHHH
,Recommended,219990,10943910,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Limey21,"If you are looking for something remotely like Diablo2 the king of this genre, then this is worth a buy."
76561198012719354,Recommended,219990,21512611,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,AusBear,"Warning if you do not like stat crunching, character building, grinding and hack and slash combat do not even bother with this game.I have tried to get into games like diablo 3 torchlight 1 and 2 and i never gave a ♥♥♥♥ enough to get into it but this game was genuinely good i might reconsider my Purches when the game goes on like a 50% sale.The combat was meaty and powerful the tree was complex but easy to understand. The true complexities come out when the class mixing comes out which i liked.The spells looked good and the games world has an amazing art style but sadly all the character modles look like♥♥♥♥♥♥but again as soon as you get some armor you pretty much never see your character again but the rest of the in world characters look like♥♥♥♥♥♥Again if you do not like character building and so on the game is not for you as much as it was not for me.If you plan on buying this game to play with some friends it looks very very fun to do so, find some team speak to get into to speak about the game and get involved in the gaming community if you don't enjoy playing by yourself.Over all it did a game genere that is nearly as old and dead as the rts genere but it did it very very well, it feels like dirving a old car that works fine and can go 200mph and as stupid as that is. its a intresting and good expernice"
,Recommended,219990,22127016,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Lowtax,This game is good. You can play it on your computer. There are lots of things to do in the game but you have to load it first and then you can do them. This game has it all:* Swords* Skeleton men* Levels or something* pants for your dude to wear* jewels or gems or somethingAll in all I rate it a 10/10 and think if you don't buy this game you're stupid and need to be thrown into space.DISCLAIMER: I wrote this entire review while my dog was staring at me
76561198114106589,Recommended,219990,19871575,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Cixxt,"WELL WELL WELL,i gave this game a thumbs down because it wasnt running or nothing.I was quiet annoyed.But something incredible happend:the community reached out to me, not just the admins and stuff, and helped me fix it!!!!I am no where near talented with PCs, but THEY MADE IT SO EASY FOR ME!I should be studying for my finals but ♥♥♥♥ it, i am gonna play this game all day long guys.I believe this was a christmas mircale.Thank all of u!"
76561198051377680,Recommended,219990,30129557,Posted: 23 February,all,Romantique,Nice game
,Recommended,219990,17698172,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Roman Princ,"So, 1 question. Are we sure this game is in Early Access? Because this game is amazing. 10/10 buy it. Right now. Do it."
,Recommended,219990,30528484,Posted: 15 March,all,UncleSam[TA],This game is amazing. i played the one before this Titans Quest. Titans Quest was an amazing game and Grim Dawn took all of thier great ideas in Titans Quest and they built apon them adding way more than what the original idea was. i love the new Devotion skills if that is what you would call it and the new skill tree ideas were also amazing. There are many more things to talk about but i would run out of space. This is a great game if i could rate it with stars and not a thumbs up i would easly 5 star. keep up with the great work.
,Recommended,219990,24905410,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Alexander,my childhood is back
76561198034119491,Recommended,219990,24921221,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,yakushev,"Very good Diablo clone.Classes are varied, action is fantastic. Items can give new abilities, each class allows for different builds with different gameplay.Interesting game world with variety of environments, secrets etc. Great game!"
76561198070149093,Recommended,219990,24912221,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,fuam_08,If you loved path of exhile and diablo you will love this. I even love this more than diablo since like PoE it gives me the opportunity to really customise my classes.
76561198029402002,Recommended,219990,24925470,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,SilentSnowfall,If Diablo and Dark Souls had a baby... this would be it.
,Recommended,219990,28955513,Posted: 2 January,all,Zbig,"As an oldschool D2 player I will say this is a genuinely good ARPG.  It is made by devs of Titan Quest (which is also good).Personally I prefer PoE, but Grim Dawn is still a must-play for ARPG for fans of the genre and especially for those who like Titan Quest."
,Recommended,219990,29572901,Posted: 29 January,all,magaldi,"First of all, let's get the obvious out of the way: This game is not Path of Exile nor Diablo 3. Sure, there are similarities, all of these games being ARPG and all, but if you come to this game expecting the same experience as either of those games you will be disappointed. Having said that, Grim Dawn is a great ARPG and a great game overall. This game isn't meant for players who love to compete online or engage in trading. This game was meant for players who like to explore every nook and cranny for hidden chests and quests, experiment with different builds and specializations and enjoy killing hordes of monsters.Unlike other games of the genre Grim Dawn focus more on the Single Player Campaign than online Multiplayer. Sure you can host and join games and play with up to 4 players, but to be honest the online features are a little lacking for 2017. Where this game shines is in it's lenghty story mode, that takes considerably longer to beat than most ARPGs. My first playthrough on normal difficulty, trying to do all the side quests and explore the whole map, took me around 30 hours to complete.Grim Dawn's map isn't procedurally generated, meaning the overall world will be fixed whenever you join the game. While this does take away a little from the fun of randomized dungeons this mean that the game's map was handcrafted and worth exploring. There are many hidden caves and ruins, with chests and even side quests spread through out the game's world and you can explore it all without a single loading screen. The only moment where the game stops to load is when entering and leaving caves and dungeons. This gives the game a more 'open world' feel.The world is very well crafted and filled with lore books and notes that flesh out the story a little more. There are many quests, and interestingly enough, lots of those quests have different outcomes depending on your actions. It's not Witcher 3, mind you, but it's fun to see that the gang of bandits decided to burn the little village and kill everyone in it because you killed one of their leaders. Or realize that the guy you saved from zombies was actally possessed and now he is a enemy boss. These are the little things that give a little more flavor to the mindless killing of Action RPGs. There are also multiple factions you can do quests for, and doing these and killing certain types of monsters gives you reputation with said faction, unlocking better tier items from the vendors.As far as game mechanics goes, this game has an interesting dual class system where you choose a class early on, complete with a dedicated skill tree and all, and at level 10, you choose a second class, giving you acess to a second skill tree. This mean that if you took Soldier as your main class for the tanking skills, you can pick, say Shaman for spells, and become a Warden with acess to both skill trees.Beside that you can further customize your build with Devotion poins. Each time you clear one of the shrines spread through out the game's world (you do it by offering certain itens or killing a wave of monsters) you earn a Devotion point that can be spent at this constelation like system where each star of a given constalation grants you bonus effects and completing a whole constalation gives you even further bonus. So let's say that the eagle constalation star gives you attack speed bonus or something like it, and completing all three stars of the constalation gives you a active skill that boost your critical hit for a time. When you add that to your dual class skill tree you have tons of customization options.If I have one gripe with this game is that it's engine does not support any kind of randomized maps, what makes end game a little short, since all you do is keep running through the same exact dungeons over and over. Granted, I love that the overall world is fixed, since it reward exploration that much more, but this game would greatly benefit from randomized dungeons. Other than that, great single played focus Action RPG that is really worth playing, if anything else, for it's main campaign and class system."
76561198059135612,Recommended,219990,30611557,Posted: 19 March,all,scooterus,"Got this game a while ago, never regreted!To anyone complainig about lag or fps or not starting: Get your pc toghether, the game is fine ;)"
76561198018894477,Recommended,219990,24677084,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,gsharkboy,This is the very first time i've placed a review on Steam but this game really deserves it.  Think Titan Quest and you won't be far off.  Fantastically time consuming and feels so satisfying.  Love making new builds.
,Recommended,219990,17786516,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,RockinWarkok,THIS GAME IS FREAKNIG AWESOMMEEE!!!
76561197972517771,Recommended,219990,19429123,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Rigs,Diablo 3 on crack...
76561198006449264,Recommended,219990,19406423,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,xodarap777,"This game has grown on me from a 1 to a 9.Part of this is certainly the work the devs put into it.  They are expanding and adjusting every aspect of the game monthly to a degree not normally seen in paid DLCs.  They could have stopped where every other team would have, and released mediocrity.Part of this is adjusting to the game's initially glaring weaknesses.  The graphics are fine - for models and textures - but the direction is so muddy that it's next-to-impossible to make out one enemy from another - or from your character - or from a bush - or from, I don't know what else there is, because it's all the same color... and texture.  But over time, I've adjusted.  I can now nearly make out my helmet.Most of this, though, is in how the game opens up over time.  Through rebuilds and restarts, levels and faction and legendary gear...  It took until my fourth character before I even liked my build - and that's from someone who normally feels on his first build in every ARPG that I just instinctively ""nailed it.""  This game made me WORK for that feeling.  And read, and discuss.  And level.  And go through all of Normal, on Veteran.  Loot finally opened up, skills finally synergized, and devotions finally leveled up enough to make the procs character-defining.The character-building in this game is, eventually, the most rewarding I've ever seen in a game.  And, yes, I've played to max in PoE.  That's right, I think this is more rewarding.  The difference is that while PoE is more rewarding to tinker on paper, the playstyle and game-feel don't mirror the work put into materia, passives, and gear.  It still somehow feels... ""sparse.""  This game really nailed a missing layer to other games with its devotions, which do take until late game to really shine..If you like ARPGs, don't judge this game early.  I know that seems a little obvious, but it is frighteningly cliche and dull for about 30-40 levels.  It's a poor game design decision that's hard to avoid for this kind of character-builder, but it's worth it if you're looking for the next clicker fix.We'll see how I feel a year from now, but I think I've found my ARPG for the long term, for those nights where I really don't care to read or get immersed or risk adrenaline.  For when I just want to mash buttons and lay waste.  Good times"
,Recommended,219990,19957526,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[SG/IDN] NeK0z,Had a session with friends.He found an Epic Soiled Pants.Gave it to me.I now can throw Faeces to poison and slow enemy.10/10 would spam this skill over and over.
,Recommended,219990,21925613,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,AKN,An awesome game for the orphans of Diablo II.
,Recommended,219990,28611124,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Adriell,"Really great game, really great Diablo like, good possibility of personalisation of class !"
76561197965032723,Recommended,219990,19727830,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,dice,Get.  This.  Game.10/10 ARPG.
76561198036182436,Recommended,219990,19246206,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Surprise!,Titan Quest 2.
,Recommended,219990,21804483,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Gerk,Good Game.
,Recommended,219990,22280365,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Rifailman,Can throw with my poop. 10/10
76561198163076947,Recommended,219990,19755775,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Corrupt_Xenocide,Absolutly amazing so far i cant wait to play more.
76561198130725299,Recommended,219990,28659046,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,electrobob,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic .I went from : mehhhhh i am not sure , its 15 bucks so i might try it and willProbably refund it after 2 hoursTo : holy ball sack ! It has been 6 hours already !I haven't played much but i will try to tell you my point of viewPro:-very intriguing story-satisfying combat animations-original classes ( demolitionist :D)- replayability seems to not be a problem since there is so many combinations-diablo 2 feeling ( what diablo 3 lacked )Cons :- the online interaction , compared to path of exile ( wich is very alive ) is lacking . But it isnt so bad in itself . Poe has a mmo feel attached to it thatI quite like"
76561198141701969,Recommended,219990,28673644,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bajôras,"Need to study for exams;See steam sale on this game;Buy Game;Install Game;Get addicted;Fail on exams,10/10, would fail again."
,Recommended,219990,33114971,Posted: 1 July,all,FurIs2nXIps,Liket it
76561198014220387,Recommended,219990,21140297,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Paschendal,"Dear Grim Dawn,My heart aches when I am away from you. I some how feel closer to you now than I did before.I admit, I cheated on you with Diablo 3. But, like I learned, Diablo 3 was all flash and no substance.I need an ARPG with heart and brains, not some hot looking game like Diablo 3. I am sorry I everdoubted you.If your not doing anything later, maybe we can hang out?10/10"
,Recommended,219990,31693544,Posted: 11 May,all,Turole,If you like titan quest this is more of it but modern and better.
76561197961109499,Recommended,219990,25479891,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Fredryk Phox,Totally what Diablo III should've been. Very fun to play with other people.
76561197980496472,Recommended,219990,25165561,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,vippen,"TLDR:Great game, worth every penny spent. Few bugs, runs like butter on my computer, cool animations, the skills are awesome. The art is mind blowing. No words how good this game actually is!Path Of Exile, Diablo II in a mix, and its a challenging game I must say.Many builds to build, many ways to go, big content.Indie-developers who have made a great job with this beutiful game. Play it, you won't regret it if you like this kind of games!LONG VERSION:If you like Path of Exile, Diablo II, this is the game for you!It's extremely good and challening, so much gameplay since they released the full game.There is so many way of classes you can go with your character, you can create the perfect character you want to play wich will fit everyone.Dont even consider! BUT IT, It is so worth it.Great story line, great gameplay, great graphics (works well with most computers).I will play this game over and over again and I will continue to play it over and over again!It's almost better than Path Of Exile, I am not even lying!Great inde-developers from the former Titan Quest series,and now even with mods. Wow.. this game must get more attention!Thank you CrateEntertainment for this awesome game and the hard work you guys put into this Grim Dawn <3+ Positive:- Great gameplay- Few bugs- Almost better than Path of Exile- Diablo II (It's Diablo III with a touch of PoE)- Runs like butter- It's not Diablo III or anything like it- The loot is awesome, perfect balanced trought the game.- It's even supports controller!!- Negatives:- The questlines in the begining can for a new grim dawn player be a bit hard to understand.- The online mode came a bit late.- There's some thinking around the game (positive for me, cuz I love to think what my next move will be)- I wrote a to long unexplained review wich shouldnt be needed for a game like this!Theres is so many more +Positive things I can say about this game but I won't spoil it,you guys need to buy it if you have not. I would pay a $100 dollar to play this game without a doubt!"
76561198044325629,Recommended,219990,20993127,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Trump™- Wall Builder,Stop reading this review and f***ing buy it already.
76561197963383607,Recommended,219990,21005835,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Fonz,The real diablo 3.
,Recommended,219990,21020775,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Althony Rightano,"In my opinion the successor Diablo deserved. Not as hardcore as Path of Exile, but pretty damn great!"
76561197972445514,Recommended,219990,21465925,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Hellbishop,"Grim Dawn a game so unrelenting in its inhuman brutalityit is a struggle to find the words to write this reviewas images of carnage knock on my mind softly growing intheir knuckle rapping intensity until my mind numb withfear imagines itself within a bell tower thunderous inthe bell's ringing as a corpse swings madly from itshanging purple swollen neck.Coincidently enough this is where the player starts theirforay into the Grim Dawn swinging from the hangman'snoose.Ah how words fail me to describe the completeness of evil flowing unending from this game. Will i start with the game mechanics how they fluidly like the most deep red flesh wound gushing blood unto a cellar floor create a reality that cannot be ignored lest you die in its unforgiving strangle hold eyes raging psychotic.No.. some things are just undescribable. Beyond the mind to form and shape into words. To use words like horror, terror would only belittle what is the Grim Dawn. The gamut of the human language could never give weight to what i and others have experienced.I can only warn you with well wishes of absolute doom if you dare to partake of this journey into the void not meant for the mortal.GRIM DAWN buy it with man made coin and enter the priceless blackness not meant to be known."
76561197969759963,Recommended,219990,21471338,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Shaggs,Great action RPG.  Meaty.
,Recommended,219990,23243381,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,DNSAT,* * * * *
76561198021740374,Recommended,219990,32004138,Posted: 27 May,all,PO1 Duhart99 (Ret),Best game ever !!!!
,Recommended,219990,29947750,Posted: 15 February,all,Abscolk the Infested,"If you dont mind outdated graphics, you really like the Titan Quest game and you are looking for a proper ARPG Diablo clone you are going to love this."
76561198047114393,Recommended,219990,24704830,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Anima,Good game
76561198267590278,Recommended,219990,31915600,Posted: 23 May,all,This Corrosion,Superb Game - I cannot say anymore. I loved Diablo 2 - this is on a par.
,Recommended,219990,31912776,Posted: 22 May,all,DokMurda,"Great hack n slash - diabloish game.  Worth picking up on sale for a story run through IMO.  Not sure I'll go back for anymore after the story is complete, but if friends pick it up I could see it for sure."
76561198003142155,Recommended,219990,28635551,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,zomby1872000,very impressed. was looking for a diablo3 type game and i found one. very addictive and immersive. total thumbs up
76561198029763627,Recommended,219990,25595568,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,new_pollution,"Grim Dawn is a very solid ARPG from the same person that made Titan Quest. Overall pretty fun, obviously like most ARPGs it gets repetitive if you're not into farming equipment and leveling your character. I've mostly played single player but I did play multiplayer and it worked for the most part... It's just kinda weird because it doesn't let you use your steam friends list to invite people to a private game, but at the same time I don't think you can play LAN only. Which is pretty lame, but not a huge deal. Overall I really enjoyed it."
76561198088020915,Recommended,219990,25734231,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Yeti Bauer,Really liking this one.  So far has not bored me at all.  I enjoy improving my hero and there is enough variety to keep me coming back.  There is ALOT of territory to cover - the maps are quite large.  TONS of replayability here.  Constant loot drops and plenty of action.  I can walk away from it after only playing an hour or play five hours at a setting - almost feels like a casual game in that regard.  I'm about 20% through the game with my first hero and having a good time.  Nice job to the developers!
,Recommended,219990,24563211,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,pecet,"Not bad. Don't get me wrong this is great game for listening music or podcast, however it is still inferior to Diablo 3 and Torchlight 2. Still western action rpg is dying genre so I'm glad something good is avaliable on the market within this genre.Pluses:+ Action packed gameplay+ Story is not that bad+ Nice skill system+ Game is more like Diablo 2 than Diablo 3Minuses:- Tetris in inventory- It is harder to respec than in Diablo 3 (you can change skills at any time in D3)- GraphicsOverall: 7/10"
76561198089550410,Recommended,219990,21454086,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TNewrose,"I played Diablo without ever loving it, but I love  Grim Dawn.The good:-Classes feel great, play different, and work well together. (Did I mention I made 9 characters?).-You can get skills from 2 classes, making effectively 15 base characters.-Online and Lan Co-Op.-Character costumization is deep.-Loot is rewarding.-The Lore is engaging, but it's up to you to read the (easy to find) letters.-The enemies are varied, and what worked in one area will get you killed in the next (but change your gear and skill points and you will succeed).-I have not experienced a single bug.-Enviroments are awesome, and really go well with building a world that feels alive.-It is fun.-At a certain pont, your equipment gives you access to skills from other classes. So if max stats is not your concern, you can have a lot of fun.-The pacing is very good.-The sounds are so good my GF asks me to play without headphones.The bad:-The story is Good, but it feels like the begining of a saga, I finished the game and had to check if it was the end.-If you don't have a mouse... go get a mouse and come back, worth it. With an MMO mouse this is a fantastic experience.Conclusion:This game doesn't try something new, nor does it polish the diablo formula to a shine. It is fun. It tries to be fun. It was made by a cupple of guys who lisened to the comunity - hell, there was basicaly a lifestream of the development on twitter -  and they made a good thing, a darn good thing."
76561197966812874,Recommended,219990,21454069,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,LELAND GUCCI,Very good game :)
,Recommended,219990,17671718,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,a love letter to you,"I've never been a fan of these type of games so this has got to be one fkin' amazing game to change my views on ARPG's.So when I first saw this I was like, ""Hey, this game looks boring as f."" I was originally going to buy it, play about an hour of it and refund it but my god I couldn't get enough of it. It literally made me so excited to explore the new areas and face new enemies that I actually shook with excitement. My mind was constantly thinking what would I face in the next area but it always surpised me. From zombies, flying eyeballs to medusa like creatures this game has the most beautifully dark creatures. Althought the creatures were basic and you tend to see them in most games the way they designed them was like none other. I was actually shocked to see how much of an impact this game had on me, I couldn't open the game cause I was so excited.FKIN GET DIS CUNNYS"
,Recommended,219990,21926754,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Stormy,A surprisingly good game.
,Recommended,219990,21474991,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kyre,"From the guys behind Titan Quest, the Diablo-clone so good that you might as well call Diablo a Titan Quest clone. It's not quite as balls-to-the-wall awesome fun as TQ was but it is a good solid ARPG with a fun system and has a similar build system to TQ.The voice acting makes me laugh, but it's a good laugh even if it's a little mean. And the devs actually give a crap about their game so, y'know there's that."
76561198116982342,Recommended,219990,24878068,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Isyth,"I vaguely remember having a job and friends, a social life...But then.. nothing.Oh so many toons built, so many monsters slain, shot, burned, poisioned.I'm recovering, hopefully everything will be fine."
,Recommended,219990,31380588,Posted: 26 April,all,Darudan,Honestly just a really good game!
,Recommended,219990,25876851,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Langor,An action RPG similar to Diablo 2 and Titan Quest with an extreme amount of content. If you are an action RPG fan this is a no brainer on getting! Watch me start a new character and play to level 10 to get a feel for the game!https://youtu.be/lI62SyIwmG0
76561197972656765,Recommended,219990,30238022,Posted: 28 February,all,Laurentus Venatus,10/10 Blizzard-Diablo team beware...
,Recommended,219990,18352120,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,magriyou RAGEQUITER,"i really recommend this gamethis is what ARPG is meant to be since the benining of timethe one thing i would change is the gold and loot system.more gold drops!!!!more rare loot at lvl 20 i dont know why but when you rewach lvl 20 yello green and blues stop dropping.and at the store' items are really  really expensive which is good unless everytime you come back to town and spend every gold you earned on health potion.good pointsthe graphic are amazing.free cam is super funmobs change every area which is really good for the eyeeasy play if you have ""razer naga"" mouse,if you dont its a 10 finger game.super duper fast loading screensound are amazingbad pointgood item are rare to findgold drop are super lowmini bosses can kill you frequentlyguns? really guns?!?!?!overal its a really food and fun game my first gameplay was 3 hours and the only thing that made me stop playing was my hunger for food.so two thumbs up"
76561198030809008,Recommended,219990,18354218,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,YemeHama,The game is really good! Much better than diablo 3 (which is not a fantastic deed).
,Recommended,219990,18349769,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,I have no idea what I'm doing,"I really didn't want to like this game.But damn, I do."
76561198146434472,Recommended,219990,18349317,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Icyndragon,10/10 Like Diablo 2 with guns.
76561197962269669,Recommended,219990,18358126,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Thot,What D3 should of been imo
76561198015785016,Recommended,219990,24696269,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Legalizeit,Not just a D3 clone.If you like this genre then this is a must have .
76561198203719152,Recommended,219990,34597948,Posted: 29 August,all,Konan,one of the best ARPG out there. 9.5/10.
,Recommended,219990,22861334,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Noothalie,It's like Diablo with guns.
76561198032544493,Recommended,219990,23949784,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sanlucifer,"It is the best ARPG up to date. Loving it, i been waiting for a Diablo 2 continuation and this is way more than i expected."
,Recommended,219990,22862630,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Drmanman,You can shoot wasps at wasps while wasps shoot wasps at you!
,Recommended,219990,19759512,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Xiaoiicy,"For so long on D3 & POE, Grim Dawn came out to be much better version for their gameplay. Yes D3 & POE does give us fun and enjoyable time but there is too much of time consume, changes that keep repeating doing the same things..But Grim Dawn in their ""Early access"" can give out solid of idea and gameplay ARPG, I Still hope they can implement more stable, dedicated server MP just like old Diablo 2 which we can play ""COW Level"" stages in a big team and that will lead Grim Dawn another 2016 ARPG of the year..We still waiting for solid features from crate entertainment and don't let down ARPG Fans in 2016 !!"
76561198028036608,Recommended,219990,21808189,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[NME] KiltedKey,"How couldn't I recommend the game that is built on the engine of Titan Quest? The ability to become two of six classes offers endless possbilities of builds, and with how many items there are already in the game, it puts Path of Exile to shame when it comes to item drops. Heck, it does for it Torchlight, and unlike Diablo, there are dozens of builds possible throughout your entire run. You're character becomes unique by level 20; you're not waiting until the endgame to see yourself break away from the pack!The passive systems in the game are glorious, the explosions from weapon hits and skills are beautiful, so many skills stack on top of each other to create a fireworks of abilities flaring off everywhere. My only complaint would be a bit more endgame stuff, and perhaps dungeons, instead of repeating bosses for farming, but mini-bosses also drop incredible loot as well! Perhaps there will be another class or two in the future to add even more possibilities!Oh, and the price. Yeah, half of most games, and look at how many hours I've put into it? Says it all. Must own for ARPG loot nuts."
76561198059395681,Recommended,219990,19142428,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Horde Commander,"This is a really nice Action RPG just like Titan Quest or maybe VanHelsing,  if you like to hack&slay many many monsters&zombies  and collecting better and more better equipment and weapons and armor, this will be your game !Graphics are good, camera works good,  it is fast and with many action and a real huge world map with much to explore.  GREAT GAME !"
76561198090963252,Recommended,219990,23873463,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,hnukkwe,It's titan quest but everythings better. Specially the pacing.
76561198013453602,Recommended,219990,24938424,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,II.T-Man,Game is epic!
76561198071212193,Recommended,219990,24931308,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,The Brezzy,Definitely the best ARPG with this viewstyle since Diablo II.Great game and great for friends too.Health System is cool.No repair costs.Quite entertaining!
,Recommended,219990,30762167,Posted: 26 March,all,Jimmy NoShoes,"Not completed it yet. Got this at 50% off.  Thoroughly enjoyed my time playing it so far. It feels like the successor Diablo 2 should have had, but with the features of Titan Quest.The auto sort of inventory is good but could do with a little more refinement. For instance, it won't know to move single slot items into a different area so a large item can fill the space. But for the most part, its damn near perfect. Story is nice so far. You have the main quest and then random damsels in distress as you explore the map. Some of your choices can make a small impact in the game as well.Musical score is fantastic, great soundtrack.Overall I highly recommend this game."
76561198085349542,Recommended,219990,29119752,Posted: 8 January,all,BlueHaven,"One of the better games I've played in quite a while. One thing that I particularly love is the size of the game. This, I believe, is the largest game of this kind I've ever played. There are endless nooks and crannies to explore, if you want, with an above average atmospheric feel. This also includes hidden areas and treasures, even hidden merchants, not on the map. If you love exploring, as I do, you may want to take a look."
76561198133088488,Recommended,219990,33913709,Posted: 30 July,all,reim19,Pretty dope if you like Diablo.
76561198048253462,Recommended,219990,33160982,Posted: 2 July,all,次元の魔女・椎名ましろ,Better than Diablo 3.
76561197972531023,Recommended,219990,33896535,Posted: 29 July,all,Server Crasher,"If you like Titan Quest, you'll love this game."
76561197981907219,Recommended,219990,23449361,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Mr_Vinegar,Good game.Long quest.Nice action.
,Recommended,219990,24075124,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,aquarelle,8/10 - its pretty good
,Recommended,219990,32670525,Posted: 23 June,all,Lakdanan,excelente juego !!!
,Recommended,219990,24704307,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,slobooger,"This is without a doubt, everythung I had hoped for from D3 and never saw materialize.If you loved D2 and missed it when playing it's sequel, this is the game for you!I'm sure I'll get a LOT of play time from this one!Feels so much more true to the D series than D3!"
,Recommended,219990,30545108,Posted: 16 March,all,Papa Franku,"The game is great and don't let the negative reviews turn you down from playing the game because the people who wrote them either haven't even finished warden or just blame the game because it's too hard or just literally because it's too boring for them well then to people like that I say go grind your greater rifts in diablo 3 until the end of times since grinding greater rifts is so fun and enjoyable. This game is perfect for those people who just want to chill and relax while listening to the environment and the music because it gives the game the dark eerie atmosphere feeling and if it's boring for you doesn't mean you should give the game negative review since YOU ARE THE PROBLEM not the game that is ""boring""."
76561197993048402,Recommended,219990,21058908,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Thott,"Great game, but brutally limited inventory space at late game, especially if playing more than one character.  It's like paying for Path of Exile, but getting no stash tabs for doing so.  What's more, there's no reason of any kind for the limited inventory space, since everything is stored locally and managing 1000x as much inventory would have no discernable effect on memory consumption.  It's clearly cargo cult programming to limit inventory for no reason besides previous games doing so, games that did so only due to technical limitations.I can't be the only gamer sick of dealing with a criminal paucity of inventory space.  UO had massive storage limits that modern games still don't reach despite two orders of magnitude increase in storage capacity.Yes, you can use mules, or even rename the shared stash save file and manage multiple versions outside of the game.  But just be aware, if you buy this game, you will be spending hours making those mules and managing those files instead of playing the game, and there's literally no reason why you're having to do so."
76561197990676511,Recommended,219990,21069703,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,knit,"Not the best storyline, but the atmosphere kinda compensates. Aaaaand starting from elite diffiiculty it gets very punishing without resist stacking.Bottom line, it's worth it."
76561197995215791,Recommended,219990,21037596,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Robbie,"pretty good game if you consider the number of people who worked for it. but on the other hand you can clearly see the difference between this and D3 in terms of complexity and development.cons: Active spells are weak compared to autoattacks, therefore you will find yourself clicking like a maniac for hours on end. in this regard D3 is better, because you really NEED those spells to play the game, not only AA.In the end, I don't regret spending the money on Grim Dawn, as I was a huge fan of Titan Quest and I waited for a long time to see how they used the engine to create a new game."
76561197972178650,Recommended,219990,21044294,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Daniel Hardman,"Is there much to say about Grim Dan? Grim Dude is a great dude to play whether you're at your couch, on the phone, or even right at home.The story takes the arisen through a thrilling, side-splitting adventure across the land of Dawn. The main enemies that plaque the lands are the green guys (spells and glowing effects) and the red guys (necromantic summoners). Overall, you'll probably like the red guys better because they dont have as many annoying effects.The audio in Grin Dune is anything short of amazing. Tranquil music is played in the safest areas, and the music really picks up your pace in the fast pace areas with many frightening enemies. Really a great OST that I even have on my playlist.Alright RPG nerds; here's what you're all waiting for. The customization in the game is simply innumerable. There are millions of combinations that can quickly decimate foes , or spiral your character to the deepest chasms of Dawn. The choice is yours.I give this game 9.2/10, and i would Reccomend Grim Guy to anyone interested in the genre!"
76561198129536076,Recommended,219990,24532621,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Advocate,Rly good game!
,Recommended,219990,20006492,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DWSN,Fun
,Recommended,219990,21473823,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Player_5R7,"*clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick*....what do you mean you want me to tell you about the game, you mean you want me to write about the game,l WHEN THERE IS LOOT TO BE HAD!!! dont be daft!Now...excuse me....*clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick*"
76561198095213036,Recommended,219990,21475275,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Rustavin,"A fun little Diabloesque ARPG, that's grown into pretty much exactly what it set out to become."
76561198052993724,Recommended,219990,24526865,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Resy,"For people looking for a great ARPG or for those disappointed with Diablo 3 in general, this is a game for you.Been enjoying this game and in my opinion this is what Diablo 3 should have been."
76561198026866833,Recommended,219990,24519996,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Raptor,one of the best ARPG's you an buy for its price
76561197968513872,Recommended,219990,24524473,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Remnock,"What can I say about this game?Some negatives fist, The character models are pretty bland, some graphical glitches/poor optimization, and there's no secure server side ""legit"" multiplayer support. However at the end of the day I just don't care about these details.The story isn't anything to write home about but is lightyears beyond that of D3's story. The skills in this game are awesome and the dual class system leaves other games in the genre in the dust as far as character customization and theorycrafting goes. The combat feels rewarding and hits hard. The sound track is a throw back to the Diablo days of yore.  Make no mistake, this game is a gear grindfest if you don't cheat or use mods but that's fine by me.I play solo and just enjoy it at my own pace. It's a slow grind to max level but playing through the game on three seperate dificulty levels always feels rewarding and the devs have been producing new content at steady pace! This is the new ARPG king as far as I'm concered.  Pick this game up and you will not be disapointed. Expect great things in the future from Crate Entertainment!+Great tone+Great gameplay+Great sound track+Amazing abilities to play with+Awesome dual class system+The gear grind is GOD- No secure multiplayer- Character variation is lacking- More end game content and balancing from developers would be nice (will happen in the future!)"
,Recommended,219990,24523240,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Asamiruj,"This what I like, a game similar to my ever favorite Diablo 2. But before this one, I was playing Path of Exile then I was frustrated with its laggy gameplay and it must have internet requirement. Then I found this game. No regrets at all. One of the best Action RPGs out there."
76561197969276266,Recommended,219990,24528782,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,PAW,Great hns ! that should D3 look like. Really great game I recommend it to all hns/arpg fans.It's like playing D2 wtih improved graphics and crafting implemented :)
76561198069601884,Recommended,219990,24357094,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,bontot,awesome
,Recommended,219990,21893750,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Zero,this is a really good game
,Recommended,219990,24291662,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,D.O. Double,Great game. If you love trolling around with loot flying everywhere this is the game for you.10/10
76561198118552880,Recommended,219990,24698683,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,UNCLE GUBSY,memories from diablo
,Recommended,219990,18851918,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,LeoGriever,Everything is very much like Titan Quest. If you enjoyed Titan Quest you will enjoy this as well.
76561198086105836,Recommended,219990,28240522,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,IVO,Nice game
,Recommended,219990,28241038,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Buckethead,"I have been playing ARPGS since Diablo 1 and I have to say this is by far one of my favorite ever since Diablo 2. They really nailed the style of the game as well as making the builds diverse, I would reccomend this game at any price if you are into the genre but more true to the old school style. Took me a good long time to beat too!"
76561198058984459,Recommended,219990,24742494,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ashen_One,"If you enjoyed Diablo 3 for hundreds of hours on multiple systems like me, this will show you that some other titles know the genre much better.The gameplay is fun yet challening, and the tone and mood of the world are perfectly executed. The ability to choose two seperate classes to create a unique hybrid means there is a wide range of choices for every playstyle. All in all worth hundreds of hours of play.It's also nice to see an emphasis on solo play. Path of Exile is a great game, but I find it too difficult and tedious to play for extended periods alone. Grim Dawn is difficult but fun to play alone, with secret dungeons and bosses to keep you coming back to beginning areas long after you've advanced to new locations."
76561198087048262,Recommended,219990,24738212,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Deekith,"Great diablo clone, honestly one of the best action rpgs around. Beautiful music and solid gameplay do it for me here."
76561198056848088,Recommended,219990,19942325,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Montêxuella,"Better than Diablo 3. Is gud gaem, similar to TQ."
,Recommended,219990,21475911,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Deszcz,JUST PLAY IT!
76561198075238457,Recommended,219990,22699593,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,graffin,is good nothing else to say
76561198257581805,Recommended,219990,26327776,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,killjoy1165,"A must-play for ARPG fans.  Excellent game with great mechanics and suitably detailed lore for an immersive experience.My only gripe is that the ending is quite anti-climactic, which I hope they can improve on with the expansion"
,Recommended,219990,26901279,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kranklafan,The best ARPG i've played since Titan Quest
,Recommended,219990,31605030,Posted: 7 May,all,Linz,Grim Dawn is what Diablo III should have been.  Still spending countless hours on this game and not bored of it yet. I definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to play an addicting ARPG. ❤
,Recommended,219990,21474959,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Depotboy,"The Diablo series, Torchlight, Path of Exile, etc.  If  you like those, you'll love this."
,Recommended,219990,21466382,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Keek_Uras,"Love this game. When I stop being lazy, I'm going to put some actual time into it."
,Recommended,219990,21454970,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Joccomo,This feeling is awesome. For me it was almost like playing D2 all over again. And im still woundering about things in game. #LoveTheFeeling
,Recommended,219990,33199393,Posted: 3 July,all,MR. GOOD GUY,if you loved Diablo II you will love this game. this is every thing Diablo III should have been.the graphics of this game is amazing and loved the story and character designs.
,Recommended,219990,30576216,Posted: 17 March,all,Your Wife's 大嫌いest Son,Develop an all-white gated community through saving random people from neighbourhoods infested by the bestmen with low iq that do vodoo and those other guys that worship satan and also killed jesus.
76561198153555692,Recommended,219990,31582651,Posted: 6 May,all,BìXīman☪,fun
76561198025999402,Recommended,219990,33802550,Posted: 25 July,all,Bloodhamster,Enjoyable!I still thinking whether it is Diablo 2.5 or Diablo 3.5! :)Actually the world and storyline is better for my liking.Buy and enjoy!
76561198098517834,Recommended,219990,23346371,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Stiffy,safe
,Recommended,219990,25459087,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ephixia,"-Can't play with friends anylonger/Not sure why or why the devs are not working on this.Fantastic game, Better then diablo 3. Good evolution from Titan Quest. However the network issues leave MUCH to be disired."
,Recommended,219990,32696186,Posted: 23 June,all,smilesnows,Totally hooked on this game right now.
76561198221241604,Recommended,219990,21116883,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,sendal,"its nice to have this game, and it is more than titan quest which i loved so much, so it is worthy to buy for me"
,Recommended,219990,21873330,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,moonracer,"If you like ARPGs and you enjoy post apocalypse/Castlevania settings this may be for you.The world is one large map with several large dungeons. There is a lot of detail in the environment. They did a great job of setting the mood. There is even a day night cycle to add variety.The MOBS all look cool and are varied enough to keep things interesting. There are also a LOT of them everywhere.Combat is satisfying as far as ARPGs go. You can structure your character to suit your playstyle and there are lots of fun options. You can have lots of active skills on your toolbar or focus on pasive skills and bonuses so you just click on enemies. You quickly gain skills that make you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥as you take on a dozen creatures and make a big mess.Story/Quest stuff is really good. Designed to be easilly skipped if you just want to kill stuff and plaow through the map, but with enough depth to be entertaining if you want to imerse yourself in the game world. The faction system also adds depth to the world and gives many of the later quests some moral options, which is nice.I haven't played a lot of ARPGs (just Titan Quest, which I also like) but I'm really enjoying this one."
76561198086872647,Recommended,219990,21896016,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,palm.pixi.plus,"I've logged over 25 hours with this game and while I would recommend it to anyone who enjoyed Diablo 2 or 3, I will warn you that it gets very grindy very quickly. Also, expect to retrace your steps a lot, their is a ton of exploring to do but often little direction as to where to start looking next. While this is not, in and of itself a problem as the scenry is gorgous and their is tons of stuff to do (and a never ending supply of enemy mobs to wade through) there are few waypoints or shortcuts so you can expect to tread over the same patches of ground a ton of times. This becomes maddenlingly infuriating later on when the areas start looking like mazes and you need to walk for 15 minutes just to go what would be linearly a short distance.I love the dual class system that functions like Titan Quest's did, but its easy to end up with a bunch of low power abilities that become a chore to manage. I am significantly less impressed by the loot system which ends up like Diablo 3 where you have tons of crap that you don't need and barely have the time or inclination to actually sort through it.All in all, I would give it 3 and a half to 4 stars out of 5. If the pace of the gamplay was accelerated a little and the loot system was revamped so that loot was worth managing, it would be perfect."
76561197995014904,Recommended,219990,21852524,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Karak Sonen,"Don't like Diablo 3 with its lack of complexity?Don't like Path of Exile with its abundance fo complexity?Wan't a inofficial sequel to Titan Quest?Here's Grim Dawn.Good Points!-Enough character build depth to be fun, but not to much to make it a hassle (Respecs are also easy)-Quite beautiful, set in a steampunkish post apocalyptic world with lovecraftian monsters.-Amazingly fitting soundtrack-Fluid gameplay-Enemies drop what they carry-Modding tools will arrive somedayNeutral Points!-Factions don't really matter, except for one decision (Feels a bit MMO'ish with the reputation grinding)-Not alot of enemy variety-Reflection enemiesBad Points!- Performance worsens a bit the farther you get- It feels like there should be more after the final bossMy verdict!- A great ARPG, and definitly a good inbetween all the other ARPG's that we get with its own qualities, and i can't wait to see how the modding community will turn out."
,Recommended,219990,21901337,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Jernaben,"A really good game. I didnt expect much before playing it, as countless ARPG diablo style games have disappointed me. But Grim dawn is an exception.What I like:the game is pretty big. took me about 30 hours to beat the first time.- Tons of secret areas to find and explore.-very responsive gameplay.-A lot of different gear, and they can have a lot of different abilities.-cool skill system and devotion system that gives good replayability.-a lot of cool sidequests. To my surprise, some of the quests have choices with different outcomes.-I actually find the crafting useful.what I dont like:-The main story is pretty weak."
76561197964241461,Recommended,219990,21759885,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,nerd! Pikachu,"Only one way to describe this game and that is ""Its just good"". I play ARPG on Hardcore only and this game does a solid job of balancing challenging situations and player skill during these experiences."
,Recommended,219990,21829748,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Edgy13yrold,"One of the best ARPGs I have ever played.The game can be somewhat buggy at times and I would prefer some more diversity in the dungeons by way of traps and the like.The level up system is very deep and offers nearly limitless build choices.Loot is plentiful and collecting it is arguably enough of a reason to keep returning.The settlement system is somewhat unrealized, however I would love to see what can be done with it in future expansions and mods.The game is beautiful graphically, though a touch more colour wouldn't hurt.Combat is visceral and more strategic than other ARPGs.If you enjoyed Diablo 2, you will adore this game"
76561197963125189,Recommended,219990,21854847,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,-BLiND-,"I've been playing since early access and I've been super happy with this game. I am a massive fan of Titans Quest and initially I was worried that Grim Dawn would not live up to that standard. But it did and even surpasses it in many ways. If your like me and have POE and Diablo 3 but you need something to fill the gap... here it is.Grim Dawn is a beautifully crafted, challenging ARPG with tons of unique loot and side quests you can easily lose yourself for days. Character customization is also another gigantic selling feature. You will never build the same character twice."
76561198075339976,Recommended,219990,21829432,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mιиι♡ 엘레나,"If you are looking for a game to put your money in or you continue burning your wallet at other arpg's developers, STOP NOW!! Because.....Grim Dawn is here!! and will take you to the new and unexpected level of games. And if you don't believe me, neither any of the 94% of the 6,925 users (for sure more after), that made positive comments about the game, then you must go and try it yourself, well invested money is never a regret at the end.Nice work @Crate Entertainment!!. Don't dissapoint us ever and tumb ups <3!!"
,Recommended,219990,21759370,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,arghhthecaptain,It's a great game. My friend and I are having loads of fun playing through it together. It really feels like what I think Diablo 3 should of been. If you are a fan of ARPGs then you have no reason not to pick Grim Dawn up. You will not he disappointed.
,Recommended,219990,21918999,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Vulpie,"So I just completed my first playthough of Grim Dawn and I am very pleased with it. Anyone who ever played the currently unsupported prequel Titan Quest will be pleasantly surprised with this installment. The formula is almost exactly identical which I believe to be a very good thing. There are graphical improvements and minor design changes that enchance the experience, but overall at its core it is a true (Diablo) game. It took me about 50 hours on my first character run completely solo, It's a rather large game. It does the typical New Game + after that where you can continue leveling up agasint harder repeat enemies. A great game to play with a friend or two. My complants are minor, but I do feel the online navagation is not all that comfortable to use. It does work, I connected to a local friend without any issue but a more distanced friend we just could not get into the same game together. It is the same format as Titan Quest however I wish that format was updated on and a bit more user friendly. I can also say the same thing about Inventory management, everything in the inventory windows seem to feel so small and... grim to me? Fitting I guess but some of the fun in this genre of game is finding that nice piece of bright and colorful equipment and makes you go ""ooo so pretty!"" Not to say impressive gear isn't available I just wish the icons and inventory managment were more ""flashy"". Last there is no ""cutseen"" or visual indication that you have moved on into the next Act. Whatever. Those are all very minor complaints and there are plently of positive things I can rant on about this game but most are a repeat on how I feel about Titan Quest. If you have never played either game think about this one as a solid Diablo 2 remake with an element that I absolutly praise, the ability to reset your skill points and change your builds (for in game coin known as iron bits). You also pick your class after you create a character and you can have 2 classes for mix/matching. Class choices however are not reversible. Overall an absolute georgous game with minor destructible terrain and some enemy physx that can be hilarous when you bash a skeleton in with a giant warhammer =3. I highly recommend this game."
76561198196926661,Recommended,219990,21920310,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Skultankx,"Fantastic game!!!! the only thing i disliked was the random game crash that happend often while in fullscreen, once i switched to windowed mode it played perfectly. this game has a great storyline, great mechanics, great mobs and loot, great dungeons, it might not be as polished as diablo 3 but i find it to be way more fun, the hole game is really well built. A+"
,Recommended,219990,21924468,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,HurrDurr,Best ARPG i've played!
76561198004695007,Recommended,219990,22446056,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Gray Grim,"This is a relatively fun and inviting RPG game. If any of you have played Titan Quest and wanted more then this is a game you'll probably like. The problem is this game isn't just like Titan Quest. It is Titan Quest. The skill system, the controls, the item system, etc. it's all exactly the same. The problem with that is Titan Quest, and by extension this game, was good, but had room for improvement. Unfortunately no real improvement was made, no new ideas tested. If you've played Titan Quest, you've already played this game."
76561198020831594,Recommended,219990,21609085,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,frozenwings,"I've been waiting a few years for this game to fully release, playing here and there during early access. I'm happy to discover that the guys behind Titan Quest came through again, and even better than before. Everything about the game is what I want in a ARPG.Tons of customization. There are six main classes, and you can combine any two to make a ""hybrid"" class. Not only do you get a choice of picking your classes, but you can play the same class many different ways. There are many different abilities in each class - and not enough points to get everything. For example, a Shaman and an Occultist makes the Conjurer class. You can play as a pet summoner Conjurer, a vitality damage caster Conjurer, a storm caster Conjurer, or even a melee Conjurer - and they all feel totally different.Devotions are another layer of customization. It's a giant web of constellations, each constellation requires a certain amount of points invested into other areas of the web in order to be unlocked. Not only does each ""star"" in a constellation provide a passive bonus, but many constellations have a proc to activate offensive or defensive abilities. The devotion system is a great way to shore up on any weaknesses your class may have, as well as enhance your choice of offense, and the proc effects are genuinely satisfying.Aesthetically, the game is very pleasing. It's a dark and destroyed world, with a strong history and interesting factions. The environments are very well done, the lighting really sets the mood. There are cycles between day and night. The music really fits the game as well, although the random women screaming in some of the dungeons really creeps me out. But that was probably the intention. Some of the character model aspects (derp face) aren't very appealing to me, but most of the time you're covered in gear and can't see your face anyway.The story is honestly pretty basic, but interesting enough to keep you going forward. Eventually (like all RPGs, really) you will stop caring about the story after a playthrough or two, and it becomes a looping cycle of getting better gear to clear harder content. I feel like this is pretty standard for ARPGs these days, so nothing really new or different here.For someone like me, there is a ton of replay value. Since you get a lot of gear for other classes (and nothing dropped is soulbound), it encourages you to experiment with different builds and classes. This is actually a double edged sword for me, since I like to horde everything for potential future builds and the in-game shared character stash is pretty limited for how much unique gear there is in the game. However, there is a 3rd party application that lets you move items from your shared stash to a database, allowing for virtually infinite storage space. This program does open up the possibility for item duping, but this is what I would consider a single player game or a game played with friends, so the duping is really up to the players own standards. I feel like this is fine for a game like Grim Dawn.Is it a perfect game for everyone? Probably not. But if you enjoy a game that encourages alternate characters and lots of experimentation and customization, you will not be disappointed."
76561197971717598,Recommended,219990,21746439,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Elementalist,"An excellent example of the genre.  I thoroughly enjoyed itI would have liked more story-driven content beyond level 50, but 61 hours is nothing to sniff at, so I can't really complain.For me, reaching the 'end game' is the time I stop playing - I don't have much interest in re-playing the same story and areas - would have preferred to have the higher difficulty (and so the better loot) available from the get-go.So I'm not sure I'll keep playing to experience the Elite level and the full devotion abilities.  A little disappointing, but that's not unusual for me.  I can see those that like that stuff will be very pleased though and, as I say, 61 hours of a great game is more than fine for the money.Well done!  More please!"
,Recommended,219990,21853428,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,aivoken,"Better than diablo 3, less forgiving, many dead hc characters because relying on using potions/skills and I'm bad at this game.Diverse build options, loot drops are random (it might be terrible for your character/build but great for some other) so it would be good to have other characters or people to play this with.Well written lore. It's interesting to read those letters/notes that drop and to go through all the speak options with npcs."
,Recommended,219990,21873929,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Thetopkek,"This game is amazing. After going through a game slump I picked this one up, and it peaked my interest from the start. Going back to ARPG roots it has all the exploration, and thinking youd find from games like diablo II. I am honestly enveloped in the world itself and enjoy doing everything from the daily bounties, to forwarding my character and exploring every inch of the map provided. This game is truly an awesome one and worth every penny of the 25 dollars. Great job guys!TL;DR : This game is badass and is always fun to play. pick it up."
76561198159566634,Recommended,219990,21561391,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,toto_86,"Well Its like Diablo, but with less quests, more enemies and to be honest less fun. In general not a bad game if you are nostalgic about Diablo, or just wanna try different version of it 8/10 ."
76561198095336428,Recommended,219990,21609380,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,sinicus.2580,"BEST game of its kind. I was born 1980 wated a 10yrs for blizzard to do it right. that was wasted time wating, d3 was trash ment for a 3yr old to play with no skill tree wtf. from tq/it to grim dawn you guys do it right. Thank you for making this game possible."
76561198012128910,Recommended,219990,21881667,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Nick Knight,"I have been waiting for full release of this game for years, when Grim Dawn first spawned.I knew it would be at least ""good"" because the developers were clear in their intentions and kept working hard.Now it's here and I have to say after these years of anticipation, I'm more impressed than I thought I would be.10/10."
,Recommended,219990,21902080,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Doomdancer,"If you liked titan quest, you will most likely like grim dawn.The game play is similiar, with ability to pick two classes and mix them giving decent amount of class combinations, they also took a dip to path of exile and made a zodiac tree system, that reminds me of the poe skill tree slightly, exept it's tied to devotion points that are tied to shrines and that are limited.My biggest gripe with this game is that the areas are fairly large and as they aren't most parts randomly generated, you end up knowing what is where pretty fast making several game plays less interesting.  Also due the largeness of the map, the distances between bossfights or objectives leave a mark in your sanity. Usually games fix this issue by creating advancement illusion by making zones so that you are constantly going up or down stairs. With Grim dawn however,  since you mostly are in open areas, it feels you are just running in large field bashing enemies with not that much to do between.By far is not Grim Dawn a bad game though, just less ""hectic"" and engaging than some of it's compeditors.The game gets exponentially harder later on with team play and harder difficulties though, forcing you to pick abilities that focus on survial, the builds that allow you to just blast trough most things and kite about as class cannon aren't that usable in this game.For example I am using druid ( Arcanist / Shaman), that has really good area slow mechanics ( thorns 75% slow, chance to root), that is ideal for kiting type of play, however lot of bosses and some teleporting creatures ignore all slows and roots. Meaning it's less effective.Also in team play game seems to heavilly favor attacking caster and ranged classes.I am playing with my friend who is pure two handed damage dealer, we are talking about a person who hits 3-4 times harder than I do, because I have more of cc /utility build, yet all monsters and bosses keep agroing on me, letting him to just move  to  their backside to do free damage, even then it takes really long time to kill some mini boss creatures, and this is merely on veteran diffucult.As for the game appareance factors, I'm bit conficted, terrain looks mostly awesome as well as do all the effects, but the player charecters are just plain ugly to my eye, it creates a weird contrast in the game.Anyways, give it a shot if you are in to the genre, I don't particularly regret getting it, but I ended up playing it lot less than I intended.Perhaps  I just am more poe person."
76561198090177346,Recommended,219990,21857270,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,red13seto,im loving this game it has the grim look of a game that i like its not cartoonish not saying thats a bad thing just its nice to see a dead world not in the bad sence of the word and becouse its not a tileset based world it has more custom not random fields stuck togeher witch can cause texture mismach and the skill tree at first look simple but its not and gear effects skills not just the skill you are useing but add new procs and effects and mats that you stick in gear can sometimes offer new skills 9/10 why only 9 well i can see me spending more time playing this and there is room for improvement
,Recommended,219990,30054250,Posted: 20 February,all,🍅,I love grim dawn! this game has all the aspects of D3 and POE! has great potential
,Recommended,219990,30544848,Posted: 16 March,all,The Magic Lemur,"A worthy ARPG in the Diablo mold. The dual class concept is really cool, the gameplay is solid, and the world is an interesting blend of fantasy and post-apocalyptic genres. The devs seem commited to supporting the game and adding content (both free and paid)."
,Recommended,219990,29212482,Posted: 12 January,all,J$,best arpg since diablo 2
76561198002639946,Recommended,219990,32353788,Posted: 11 June,all,Doug S - NJ,Ratings...Overall.......... 8 of 10Graphics....... 8Sound........... 8Mechanics.... 8Value............ 8Played through entire game. And created a new character and played about 1/3 more. I dont usually play past completion. As ARPG's go this one was very well done.
,Recommended,219990,19428046,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Mix Tape,I haven't gotten too far in the game but so far I am in love. Glad I picked it up on sale even though I would've glady paid full price.My only gripe is the framerate bomb they call riftgates. Fps doesn't tank terribly but still a noticable difference.
76561198172790911,Recommended,219990,33566595,Posted: 15 July,all,Dreskevoy,"I've read several reviews and rather than repeat them, or even give a synopsis of what the game is about, I'm going to focus this short review on a couple of the particulars that I found to be worthwhile enough to underline for prospective buyers.Things I wanted to call out:- Main storyline is dark fantasy, but with guns.- The leveling system is reminiscent of TitanQuest, in that your character ends up as some combination of two classes. With 6 overall to choose from, it's not a TON of options, but there are enough (at least 15 combos) to make the gameplay different.- Over-the-top finishers that explode enemies into the air. After 70+ hours, that still hasn't gotten old.- Respec-ing for a different playstyle is easy and affordable.- Repeatability is low-moderate. The main storyline doesn't really scream ""Again! Again!"" I can imagine the differences in gameplay between single-player and multiplayer are enough to entertain those into this type of game.- Large variability between the challenge of regular mobs vs. unique / bosses. This can lead to potion spamming, kiting for minutes while minions chip away at enemy health, and general dissatisfaction with the game.- While gear swaps occur frequently in the early game, once you've found one or two items that really work, very few will get upgraded. This is because the shops have crap for sale, and the crafting option is completely and utterly random.Final verdictDespite its rough spots, Grim Dawn is still the best Diablo clone I've played so far."
,Recommended,219990,33665201,Posted: 19 July,all,FredtheFailLord,"Some inexplicable balance decisions aside, this is an incredibly fun ARPG and you should play it.Run well at 4K on my 1070, has lots of content, great core gameplay.  Loot does sometimes get in the way of attacking."
76561198010202891,Recommended,219990,34538022,Posted: 27 August,all,Wolf Blood,A fantastic game that anyone who likes these type of dungeon delving loot fests will be able to enjoy.
76561197989003795,Recommended,219990,34548649,Posted: 28 August,all,tommrman,"Amazing ARPG, So much detail, so many options something there for a casual player and perfectionist alike.Old gritty graphics which look dark but still great, following on from a skill system in Titan quest but they have made it better with the introduction of the 'Devotion' tree to specialise your character further.100's of different of weapons & augments for many combinations, dont underestimate the skills that the augments give you!Very recommended its come a long way if you love RPG's like Diablo or Titan quest this is definitely for you :)"
,Recommended,219990,33630699,Posted: 18 July,all,JACKY LMAO,like skyrim with cancer
76561197992909089,Recommended,219990,21448665,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jarl,This game sucks.. my free time.
,Recommended,219990,19330804,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Nuzkip,"All I'd like to say is:I had no arms for the first two hours of game time, but I did have hands10/10"
76561198125864853,Recommended,219990,19345585,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,friedargonian,Me likey game.
76561197964108437,Recommended,219990,19367663,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,AnthraX73',"BUY THIS GAME! This game is gritty, dirty, nasty, bang em up, world rocking ARPG FUN!You combo your classes to make a new unique class! what would a shaman! and a soilder be like comboed! BAM! WARDER! Two handed Nastyness! with pets and armor! and spells!OHhhhhhhhhhhh YAY!Weapons, armor, rings amulets can all be moded via relics, to make some truely AWE inspirering, god like power!Game play, music, sound effects, are all AAA quaility! like i said!BUY!THIS!!GAME!!!"
76561198068668470,Recommended,219990,19368235,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Jonathan,good game with a  very good potential. keep up the good work dev team your doing great
,Recommended,219990,19109063,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Grixon,"Even if it was never finished, I wouldn't regret the purchase. They took Titan Quest out of Egypt and put it somwhere...well ...grim. I'd say if you wanted a complete version of the game to just buy Titan Quest, but Grim dawn is just so damn good its worth getting both."
,Recommended,219990,24668570,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,RΞGΞN,Played Harcore got to Ultimate difficulty went back to Normal attacked a God... and dead 10 / 10 would play again.
76561198012706073,Recommended,219990,21596747,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,PockX,"Extremely well done game. Anyone who enjoys ""Diablo-like"" games will love it. Lots of quests and classes, spells, traits, etc. It is very addictive and you will be wondering where your time went.I'm excited to see what the future holds for this game."
,Recommended,219990,28737903,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,"gabe ""glue man"" degrossi","I'm standing here in a throne room filled with gore, mangled and dangling bodies of the deceased, and countless alien bodies summoned forth from the void strewn about. A few moments ago there was demonic screaming about end times and sacrifices, now the only noise is the quiet yet constant ticking of a grand clock in the adjacent bedroom, presumably belonging to someone who was of great importance before the Grim Dawn.How did all of this happen?The Grim Dawn, an invasion of otherworldly beings. These Aetherials, as they are now called, say they were the original inhabitants of the land known as Cairn before the gods of Man cast them out into the formless plains of Aether. They were subtle, taking over men of power in the Empire to render the great nation powerless before the full invasion took hold, hordes of undead and aberrations too horrid to speak of destroying everything everyone once knew. In the ensuing chaos, the ancient cult of Ch'thon, maniacs obsessed with blood and death, made their move. They took over this village where I am now standing in, the formerly scenic and rugged place strewn with bones, blood and organs. I saw on the way over to the dungeon where this showdown took place little parcels of their plans to corrupt and destroy, of these dire necessities in the name of reuniting of their ancient and nearly forgotten god, Ch'thon. They summoned the monstrosities that barred my way into this throne room where I now stand, and now their bodies littered the floor.You probably want to play this game. Probably."
76561198010800415,Recommended,219990,31673527,Posted: 10 May,all,MoistMotive,Yes
76561198003381569,Recommended,219990,33548525,Posted: 14 July,all,valefor_sdad,Remember Diablo II...think about that and imagine if someone improved it.I only have 63hours in but they are fun hours.
76561198037985645,Recommended,219990,18402872,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Radwar99,"Great game, I'm a a big Titan Quest fan so this is right up my alley. Played through it once and can't wait for the final product to go through it again."
,Recommended,219990,18670343,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,☈Phenom cs,"Superb. If you like action rpg's, this is a no-brainer."
76561198023487514,Recommended,219990,18752404,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Kraven Vathuris,"Never wrote a review before, so here goes. Also note this game is still in beta but the devs said something about finishing in the near future but take that with a grain of salt since I have'nt checked in awhile(take a few tonnes of salt for the Atherials and demons, trust me)Grim dawn is thus far, wrighting this from build#27, a great game. It has an amazing lore and history going for it, the monsters are something I have'nt seen from most games, the graphics are solid for a beta, quite finished and plesant actually, and almost zero buggs from my time playing. The enviroment looks and feels lived in, the house's have everything you'd expect from the time frame, I'd say sometime durring the ""victorian age?"" dont quote me on that could be later, everything seem's to have a proper scale compared to the npc's and monsters. Now the monsters, demons, wildlife and even other humans are quite an interesting bunch to say the lest. Now anything and everything can and will kill you. The heros and bosses are brutal in thier own uniqe ways, havent gotten to the nemisis part but i pretty sure they are going to be a pain and a nightmare of epic poportions. But thats a good thing in my opinon, has a more risk and reward factor to it. The items are all nice and have well done design, scrapmetal themed of higher tierd versions is something else. This game has a great enviroment, the towns and landscape are in my opinion very well done to a more acurate scale and function with shops and tavens and farmlands always close by (before they got sacked and Trashed from those ulge ar**d Aetherials). Now the monsters DON'T respawn till you either leave to the main menu or change heros, but meh tis a small matter. Also the idea of mixed skill trees is a neat take on leveling up and what not, mixing a summoner with a warrior or ranged class type is something i have never seen in any other game. Only thing is I wouldnt recommend trying melee unless you have an idea how the monsters work or have played a game like this before, cause they will HIT LIKE A TRUCK!(run away train in some cases/difficulties)So in conclusion I say you should give this game a try and see what you have been missing, since Diablo 3 feels a ""tad bit off"", from the last two in terms of the feel and atmosphere(not as dark and grim, feels too ""clean"" i guess but meh) Now this review is Ungodly long and i think I've said enough."
,Recommended,219990,18421926,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Fox Hound,"This is a pretty good game, I really like the whole setting and it runs pretty damn good on max graphics!It reminds me of boulder's gate!10/10 even though it's not finished yet!I regret nothing!Worth the buy!"
76561197967753048,Recommended,219990,18599310,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,AlphaLemming,"Super solid, I dig it."
76561198113969098,Recommended,219990,19893666,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Zymeth™,Totally worth it. Just bought it non stop playing it for 1 whole week and with the awesome complete content now is 11/10
76561198005284206,Recommended,219990,18577613,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Agent Chaos360,"If you like arpgs, Grim Dawn will not disappoint. I am only in act one, but the class system is it GD's strongest point.Classes are Arcanist, Demoltionist, Nightblade, Occultist, Shaman, Soldier. At level 10 you get to choose a second class and mix and match builds. With the various stats on gear you choose a stat specific build. Loot is standard arpg loot. Pr"
,Recommended,219990,18699256,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Call Me Black Sheep,"This game does everything Titan Quest did, but better and more. It's practically a complete game and at time of writing I have 95 hours in-game (minus 10 for approximate game time) and only just recently completed act III with a level 49 Trickster. Granted, I do have roughly 8 characters most are around level 20.This game sucked me in from the word go, and didn't disappoint. I keep finding new reasons to love this game, or going back to reasons I'd discovered before and finding new things. The crafting system is amazing for an ARPG, I was blown away when I saw how in-depth it actually can be. The fact that one can craft Epic items if you find a blueprint? Brilliant.The amount you can tweak your character also doesn't disappoint. One skill tree can have various play styles and with the current max of two choices from 6 classes means play styles are endless. I've not been bored once, and this isn't on full content yet.The game is atmospheric. More so than Titan Quest. The music is outstanding and each map never feels repeated. A couple of times I think, ""Haven't I seen this corner somewhere before?"" but then the rest is completely different or the fact that over 2-3 weeks I put in 96 hours makes me see things. The fact that there are few communities in this game make's it feel like you have a home base, that you need to protect and build upon and that's why you explore and fight. It doesn't feel like you're being led down a single path from village to village as Titan Quest did (granted paying attention to lore and other does help). I love every aspect of this game.One thing I love is how they brought in consequence. (Spoilers) Kill the men harassing New Harbour, come back later New Harbour has been pillaged by the rest of the gang. Save the little girl from the cave in, demon tears a Rover camp apart. Side with Kymon's Chosen or Order of Death's Vigil and the other becomes your enemy.All I can say is this game will only get better and I'm definitely behind Crate Entertainment all the way. They made my dream game a reality, and now they just need to release B28 plx.Edit: This game has simply gotten better throughout development and I can't wait to see future plans for the game. I would love additional content in storyline."
76561197993412289,Recommended,219990,18424607,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Daashin,The fun cannot be halted
76561198014248285,Recommended,219990,18688441,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,SuperToads,Its fun. The customization is through the roof. Its multiplayer. What more do you want?
76561198093890241,Recommended,219990,18408311,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,maxwel97,Very cool game.
,Recommended,219990,18542603,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[AH]Pure,"Titan quest had sex with diablo 2, came all up inside it and this is the baby."
76561198004798559,Recommended,219990,18431708,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,TheBlackTemplar,this game feels like diablo 2 frist did for me which is great
76561197975458660,Recommended,219990,18537652,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,mikesn,i really like where they goin with this game! lookin forward to final release. anyone who is interested in arpgs/h&s should have a look at this game.
76561198052521482,Recommended,219990,18887943,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Blood Eagle,Very good game. Check it out if you like ARPGs.
76561197992359299,Recommended,219990,18761233,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,moledawes,Love this game it is great. Was a big fan of titan quest and this is a similar style but much better. I can't put it down lol. I would recommend to any one who likes the diablo style games. Again this game is great
76561198111853971,Recommended,219990,25421938,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,jkgabrielbd,"This game is evidence of what you can accomplish with a small budget, as long as you understand what people want."
76561197999507238,Recommended,219990,25421161,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,cmcm,Awesome game. I do not know why it shows only 2.2 hrs played. I am near the end and with 1 single perma death character. Grim Dawn offered some real scares and teeth gritting moments in keeping him alive. This was everything Diablo III was supposed to be like
,Recommended,219990,25886744,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Arepok,"Can't stop playing the game especially now that crucible is out. Really is a great successor of Titan Quest. Similar when it comes to choosing and combining 2 classes and all the components that drop that can really add to builds. I havn't played all the classes yet and for sure not all the combos but I'm making my way. They are all unique and have their own strategies. Now with the start chart  you can expand even more and cross new abilities to any classes. Very replayable, and they even just added more legendaries and are keeping up with the game really well.Only issues is multiplayer can be hit or miss, major lag issues mostly and crashes. Sometimes you'll get a perfect loby and play for a few hours no issue, other times the other players are flashing around from the lag can't even tell what they are doing. When I play with people I know are more local it's much more smooth however."
76561197990183571,Recommended,219990,34399865,Posted: 21 August,all,Mr.Madman,Much better than that other roleplay game.
,Recommended,219990,29729767,Posted: 5 February,all,Islidox,"Having sunk in 300+ hours and gotten to the endgame and max level.... this game is fun. Best ARPG I've played to date, and much better than Path of Exile. (I've gotten over 2k hours in PoE for reference.) The combat, level progression, non-DRM, gearing, and story are really polished. Crafting... could be improved upon, but it works and there is depth. As for character building, any pro at ARPGs will probably be able to come up with a solid build no problem. Reminiscent of Titan Quest (same makers) and Diablo 1/2/3, the character building revolves on selecting your skills, but is complemented by being able to select 2 classes for mix and matching for the the ultimate min-maxing goodness. On top of that, the devotion skill system should be familiar to anyone who played FFX/2 and PoE, and will greatly boost your character for passive skills and proc-skills. Melee, range, spell casting, it's got it all, and the balance is relatively good between the three playstyles, something that PoE fails to do due to its meta-bound nature.All in all, a great game to sink time into whenever and wherever you want. Doesn't require top-end PCs to play, and can be decoupled from Steam syncing for a true Single-Player experience. Trading exists, and is a pain in a butt, but acceptable. I received this game as a gift, and bought the Crucible DLC which was worth the money.Final score: 5/5"
,Recommended,219990,34378663,Posted: 20 August,all,GIMPEH,As far as I am concerned. This is Diablo 3. After waiting over 10 years for Diablo 3 and really not being impressed... I was well beyond pleased to find this gem. I highly recomend it.
76561198105087449,Recommended,219990,34466063,Posted: 24 August,all,Clapper,"Pretty fun and complete overall, graphics are nice, soundtrack feels good to play with.Overall a good purchase I will definetly finish the story mode, it's pretty long and hard from what I could experience.Give it a try!"
76561198236743100,Recommended,219990,34391016,Posted: 21 August,all,uniquetrong,"Very fun and addictive, it makes you feels like you have almost unlimited ways to build a viable character."
76561197987230171,Recommended,219990,25173249,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,WinterDirewolf,It's what Diablo 3 should have been.
76561198255435089,Recommended,219990,23616978,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Iorek Byrnison,"THis is one of my favorite MMORPgs ever. Even though currently path of exile is free and this is 25$, id still pick this. Easier too learn, adn dont need to worry about buying crap from the store. I persomally really enjoy playing this, its quite fun when you have friends who started when you did."
76561198032052639,Recommended,219990,27225303,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vincent Le Feu,"By far my favorite ARPG out there right now. Me and my good friend have spent 100s of hours devising new builds, theorycrafting and experimenting on ways to make great characters. There are so many possibilites to a successful character that it doesn't matter what you really choose. Synergy is everywhere across any of the class combinations you choose. There is no cookie cutter build. Take what skills you like and make a build. This game rocks!"
76561198065628521,Recommended,219990,21553507,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,bearbearlol,Great
,Recommended,219990,22319321,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,FAGMR,Great graphics and gore
76561197970838533,Recommended,219990,22320022,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Snowman_J,Step 1. Buy gameStep 2. Play game and realize awesomeStep 3. Realize big project deadline in two days with teamStep 4. Convince team to buy game and play with youStep 5. Profit
76561197966256622,Recommended,219990,34566460,Posted: 28 August,all,Arcin,"Hmmmmm its pretttttyyy good.I played a lil bit, yeah.10/10"
,Recommended,219990,25352662,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Simboker,10/10 diablo
,Recommended,219990,24659347,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,shaikhulud,This game broke my Diablo 3-branded mouse.10/10
76561198003607029,Recommended,219990,25083927,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,mx420,If you like d2/torchlight/titan quest.. You'll love this.
,Recommended,219990,28916985,Posted: 1 January,all,JupiteL,"A very satisfying ARPG in term of gameplay and combat. Character building so complex I had to start over after 3 characters for over 5 hours each (I wish they had demo for classes), which means high replayability value that is sadly denied by static map design and enemies.Loots were well balanced at least for lower level, I've never felt in need to grind for equipments, but gathering ingredients for devotion shrines can be frustrating at times, especially when you missed the lower level ones and have to go back to roam one full map killing thousands of lizards just to find this one freaking frozen heart. Faction rewards weren't really good and takes too long to get to the max level, even in the first area that you probably won't see again after you get to higher level.Graphics were ok, atmosphere was very subtle, it can be very dark or vibrant depending on the environment. Animation can be better, character movement can be awkward sometimes.Overall I enjoyed most of my time even though I haven't finished the main campaign. A must try for ARPG fans."
76561198009641490,Recommended,219990,28914024,Posted: 1 January,all,petrivanzyl,"Remember 2000/01? Me neither, because I was busy playing Diablo 2. Start playing Grim Dawn and you are likely to lose at least a few months.Great game."
,Recommended,219990,28919828,Posted: 1 January,all,Hazorazor,The best ARPG I have ever played and the most nostalgic of all in years. Whilst I say it is nostalgic it is also fresh.
,Recommended,219990,29717227,Posted: 5 February,all,slicplaya,"I loved and hated this game. It has amazing graphics, an in depth story, miniscule pvp, but for some reason I almost quit on Act 1. There's just something there that just makes it so boring. Ended up completing entire game ultimate etc, bought DLC. Don't play anything but DLC now as you can acquire everything towards items there u need besides bags. If they polish this game and have a better multiplayer applet, it would become very popular."
,Recommended,219990,29720891,Posted: 5 February,all,iRperson,What time is it?
76561197996744185,Recommended,219990,24676713,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Daemus,Yes. Better than Diablo 2.
76561198289606964,Recommended,219990,29282547,Posted: 15 January,all,d_claude24,"Damn good game, 10/10"
,Recommended,219990,23925925,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,tgk239,If you like diablo kind of games then your like this.
,Recommended,219990,33651095,Posted: 19 July,all,Mr. Sinister // Bendix,All I have to say is RIP Diablo 3.
76561198051645720,Recommended,219990,30048192,Posted: 19 February,all,olgreybush,really love this game wish more games had pet builds that just let you sit back and debuff and win
76561198089433106,Recommended,219990,28922071,Posted: 1 January,all,ihatemycamel11,Made me a man.
76561198079851648,Recommended,219990,28932631,Posted: 2 January,all,Full on rapist,"Seriously what d3 should have been. If your living off nestolgia from d2 you'll be looking back at grim dawn in 10 years just the same.One thing it lacks that d2 had going for it was the music. The music in grim dawn is sublte and barely makes an appearance. I recommend you pull up the d2 soundtrack on youtube or download it, put it on repeat and play grim dawn."
76561198039425988,Recommended,219990,21588562,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Deep Cove,"Rating 8.5/10An atmospheric slasher along the same vein of Torchlight or Diablo. The hack and slash dungeon roaming is contained in a gritty, creepy world where the demons of this apocalyptic land have decided that humankind are no longer welcome...This game is a great dungeon romp.I have focused on building a Shaman/Soldier that uses two handed weapons to great effect. Most of my skill points have been bumped into dealing damage with Great Swords and Axes. You will quickly see the devastating strength of this build as I go to town on the Warden.I invested 32 hours into the game and beat it, but I will most likely try a different build in the future.https://youtu.be/GE97Z7KgGow"
76561198039762592,Recommended,219990,19290116,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,JoeRetro,its really cool
,Recommended,219990,32665542,Posted: 22 June,all,VilkoHather,Love it. The game Diablo III should have been. Character customisation in skills and techniques. Interesting level and creature development. And I actually care about the stories... not just words in the way of quests.GREAT GAME!
,Recommended,219990,21496594,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Luitpold,imgay
,Recommended,219990,30545593,Posted: 16 March,all,Badjib Envy,I love this game....it is what i wish Diablo3 had been.  If you loved Diablo2 you'll probably love this
76561197983462559,Recommended,219990,34957485,Posted: 14 September,all,The Turbulent Duke of Dance,Just play this game already.
76561198074037281,Recommended,219990,28395569,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,rpgking98,very fun
,Recommended,219990,30563108,Posted: 16 March,all,Drale,"If you liked Diablo 2, you will like this game. Probably."
76561198111795488,Recommended,219990,33823517,Posted: 26 July,all,ruarigh (decolas/riggerson),♥♥♥♥ing epic had this for a while now but it is the best hack n slash i have ever played since diablo .
76561198099441894,Recommended,219990,34209258,Posted: 13 August,all,LezDole,"Together with Path of Exile, undisputedly the best ARPG currently available on the market. Nothing more to add."
76561198054531261,Recommended,219990,33875551,Posted: 29 July,all,Victorpk,Superb
76561198113311763,Recommended,219990,26392893,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,sinful_gamelord,"I´m a veteran Diablo 1 and 2 player, I also love Titan Quest and PoE. This is an incredibly fun game and it doesn´t seen that it will ever disappoint, what a true beauty of graphics and atmosphere, with the ability to turn off gore or on. I will definitely put more hours into this game. There is also a good modding community so If you get bored after finishing it, you can add more features and more content to extend end game experiences"
76561198035578178,Recommended,219990,33423305,Posted: 9 July,all,Diverscale,"From the short timespan I've spent, I can say that this is a very good ARPG. Music is on par, there is enough depth to builds to make it interesting. Now to see how the lore will serve."
76561197970751862,Recommended,219990,34826378,Posted: 8 September,all,marsman61,"Has the old Diablo II: LoD feel to it, with superb graphics and a good story line.  And with the range of buiuld combinations, there is endless replayability.  The forums are extreemly helpful ih fleshing out a build."
76561198032091365,Recommended,219990,34919673,Posted: 13 September,all,I'm Rick James Bitch!,"I have played all the Diablo games, Exile and Torchlight.  Compared to the others, I absolutely love the dark setting of this game.  Very Dark Soulsish. It also quite a challenge so far and makes you think a lot about where you are putting your points and with the undo npc you can try things out to see if it jives with your toon.    It is a steal at it's price!   I can't wait to see what the endgame brings as well as any future expansion.  Great work and kudos to the devs of this game."
76561198160082267,Recommended,219990,35070338,Posted: 19 September,all,DampBob Psykfall,Choose your sex. Choose your name. Choose your Class. Do some quests and learn the basics. Choose your Subclass. Grind. Explore. Collect awesome loot. Grind. Finish the Campaign. Start again but on Elite difficulty. Grind. Find stuff and places you missed the first time. Grind. Become stronger. Make friends. Make enemies. It's all about reputation. Grind. Complete the Campaign again. Start again but on Ultimate. Make best friends. Meet your Nemesis. Grind. Collect epic loot. Read all lore. Grind. Kill the strongest enemies out there! Become a god! ( Also bring some friends cause the Co-Op is awesome )
76561198029412706,Recommended,219990,34951885,Posted: 14 September,all,DanteInfernow,"as far as I played and farmed most legendaries (thanks to the crucible and multiple hours of farming sessions), I'd say it's one of the best games I got to play, not in my favourite list yet, I wait the expansion to see if it will or not :3"
76561198021858730,Recommended,219990,34993607,Posted: 16 September,all,Lorthayne,"Out of all the ARPG's I played so far (other than Titanquest) this one seems to bring back that magical feeling I used to have when playing Diablo 2 LoD!☻ Some of the similar games seem a bit too""colorful and happy""in their approach but this particular title maintains a grim and dark tone throughout the game. Wasn't a fan of PoE unfortunately ☹ but this one seems to sit well with me so far, definitely recommended especially to old Diablo 2 players!"
76561197960464381,Recommended,219990,21613860,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,KingU,Grim dawn >> diablo 3great game diversity of builds.
76561198021992691,Recommended,219990,31609649,Posted: 7 May,all,Bob O,Splendid
76561197994578020,Recommended,219990,21628827,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Repo,How did 9 people create a game like this?I have regained my faith in video games.
76561197986015384,Recommended,219990,21635453,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Jellyfishy,"I love this game. It gives me a diablo boner, such that I haven't had since my teenage years."
76561198115679506,Recommended,219990,21713828,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,jumsimbab87,The Diablo 3 that should have been.
,Recommended,219990,26760228,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,monk king,"Which already had mediocre voice actors, the film of Giant Rodents that sweep down upon the small townspeople, and rightfully so, minced mice so carefully clithed, carress, carelessly close to your father's undress, but I digress, More than your fjord could afford I swore I wore that cloak before, but no more. be put into a box and that the box could not be broken open, again it is the box that contains the contents of which are pox, pucks, pigs, parts, parts of pigs, pigeons, people, pink plush, and lush lavish lips. I strive daily to deliver ""Plump Lips"" to my traditional Chinese Apartment building the wallabob ring leader, the ringwormwoodygeorgeharrisonfordmustang, which if I could speak for just a moment is a fine twanger, flanger, falmer, those of the high headed do not hear the hails of Howey, the hungry, and are crushed in his wake. 40 floors fell Frank, father of four from Frankfurt, Florida, falls Frank far and flattened when hit the floor face first. Poor Frank. . . . An Ode to Frank: Oh frank you are, so far from us, your sons now grown, long lost your bones, I love you so, my long gone soul, Oh poor Frank why, Why did you die?, Your package was, tremendous and, from underneath, your♥♥♥♥♥♥grand, and when it let, a ghasp of stench, my nose did let, that sweet scent in, Forever in, my heart you lay, though now I weep, upon your grave, so kind in life, so gray in death, I mount you now, mortified flesh, and ride it like, a stallion black, i c*m and cry, upon your chest, I join you soon, as once in life, I love you so, Martha your wife"
,Recommended,219990,21556368,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Epic Rainbow Kitten😺🌈🦄,"If Obama can win a Nobel Peace Prize, then this game can, too.In fact, this game is more qualified. *shots firedDid you hear those gunshots? Yes, that was the sound of my Electrified Two-Handed Sniper Rifle of Poisoned Explosive Chilling Fire searing through the flesh of an Enraged Dire Mottled Chipmunk. You heard me, this game has guns. And crossbows. Eat that, Diablows III."
76561197970964299,Recommended,219990,26299533,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Magick Mak,Solid.  Feels like you are playing Diablo 2 in a Bloodborneish world.  Very dark and tons of custimization.
,Recommended,219990,25738686,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,lxzcomte,Awesome game!
76561198069392626,Recommended,219990,24185613,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,IDKblu,Its Fun.
76561198027238336,Recommended,219990,24242672,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Perentius,"11/10 Best crash report sender 2016But seriously tho, get this game. It will kill your pc. cause total lock ups, and you will be sending several crash reports per session. But damn, it's good."
,Recommended,219990,29557363,Posted: 28 January,all,Senpai FyZ1K,Diablo 2 & TitanQuest had a child... They named it Grim Dawn!10/10
,Recommended,219990,21466795,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,godspeeeed,grrim dawwnnn
76561198076701436,Recommended,219990,20634077,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,shadowmagus,"I have only started playing and am already hooked! This is what I have been looking for the longest time since D2. The build possibilities are endless, the dark, gritty art style is amazing, and combat is visceral and deadly. This is a great game, and my favorite ARPG by far."
,Recommended,219990,20651598,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ClarkyClark,Grim Dawn is one hell of a game.I just turn on KMFDM and destroy monsters it's really the best game I've played in a long time.It's like Titan Quest meets Diablo 2 meets WoW.10/10.
,Recommended,219990,20695998,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,MannyRibera,"The best ARPG since I don't even remeber when. If you play this and want to go back to Diablo III you have serious issues which you should seek immediate professional help for. Its content complete, just get it, its amazing"
76561197998587393,Recommended,219990,21466948,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Sregor1,"A very engaging, well-crafted ARPG.  If you like Diablo 3 or similar games, you'll enjoy this one"
76561197968672447,Recommended,219990,21468918,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Zigzagman,Love this game played on and off for a while. To me its everything DIII should have been.
76561198272374411,Recommended,219990,20387778,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Wigglez,"Hands down the best Hack and slash I have ever played since Diablo (excluding the excuse for a game called D3). I find my self sitting at the computer looking at my library of games, and always when it comes down to it I will click on Grim Dawn. For a small group of individuals they have done things that AAA titles have been clueless about and dont bother with. The item customization is amazing and I still keep finding new items and i havent even found the rarest kinds yet. There are common trash items, magical, rare, epic, and legendary items. Items like in diablo two either can have skills on them or enchance current skills. On top of that they have basically turned that terrible Passive tree PoE has and it turned it into a fantastic system Known as Devotion, where you fill out constalations to get bonus', there are seven classes (masteries) and you get the chance at level 10 to mix and match two, the builds you can do on this far exceed any game ive played, its brought back hope to this genre and I really think they deserve to hit it big.Only complaint is that I may become a Hermit because of this gameThat and more people should play."
,Recommended,219990,20387940,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,genderfluid,Liked the grimdark edgy vibes and the worship of star constellations.
76561198021701655,Recommended,219990,20599467,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Cammer,"10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10.What Diablo 3 should have been.  Made by the Gods that are the devs of TQ.Easily contends for best ARPG, ever, IMO.PogChamp"
,Recommended,219990,20665929,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,twitch.tv/elir58,Best ARPG available right now.
76561198023427739,Recommended,219990,21212940,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Kingbolder,"Really enjoying this game, it's well balanced and has a good story. The class's and skills are good, haven't found one that was just useless yet."
76561197967373746,Recommended,219990,21467016,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Nes,"Don't like to review games, it's generally a waste of my time. Although, this game does deserve spending a moment to say it met all expectations and some. Great ARPG."
,Recommended,219990,20326772,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Rogerio,"Perfect game, bring on the expansions! :D"
,Recommended,219990,20414381,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,GodUhWar,"Can I recommend this game?Turning this game down is the equivalent to turning down""happy mouth time""from a toothlessGILF.YOU JUST DON'T DO THISGET THE GAME"
76561198109908670,Recommended,219990,20599301,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,armored_gorilla,"As an arpg fan I can't recommend this game enough. The dual class system is awesome, adding an extra layer of customization to the experience. The game has come a long way since its initial early access release, and there is now a ton of content and an excellent balance. The devotion system is a nice touch, and helps separate GD from other games in the genre. The atmosphere is wonderful, and the entire game world feels grim and gritty with a sense of gloom and desperation. The only complaint I have is that the main storyline felt a bit anticlimactic, but definitely left the game wide open for the promissed expansion, so it's a minor complaint. All in all, probably my favorite ARPG to date."
,Recommended,219990,20608079,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Jolly Cooper473,"Quit Diablo and found this...trading old crack for new blue meth it seems.  Great so far, easy to jump into and what seems like a solid community!"
76561198035049012,Recommended,219990,20691667,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,mightycthulu,"This is the best arpg I've played since diablo 2 LOD, yes that includes path of exile which is also a great game. The best feature this game has is it's fun character experiment options when levelling and how you chooose to distribute your stats around whatever build your creating. It doesn't have the overwhelming depth of the passive skill tree like POE but it has a dual class system that allows you to combine two classes to create an excellent combination of interesting and fun builds. There is also a devotion system that augments your skills/character in a variety of game changing ways that can completely alter your build to your preference. Another thing I also appreciate most is it's ability to play offline, that coupled with mod support and the promise of regular updates plus a possible future expansion makes this a must own game  if you consider yourself a fan of arpg's."
,Recommended,219990,20691942,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dung30n,"Cant.Keep.Turned.Off9/10 - would awake into a grim dawn again. so excited for the final release !A fine crossover between Diablo, Titan Quest and Path of Exile.Full of lore which sheds light onto what is happening with the world around you.EPIC LOOTIt even has a reputation system, so chose wisely whom you're going to side with.Pretty much the best RPG I've played since KOTOR (and i know the games are nothing alike, but comeon...you gotta admit it high praise, KOTOR is like THE best thing out there)"
76561198044094371,Recommended,219990,21468722,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,byter,"Love grim dawn, love POE, love Diablo II for life."
,Recommended,219990,20334063,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,snzkgb,"This game can be , and in fact is, the only one true Diablo 1&2 style action RPG.Must have."
76561197970522809,Recommended,219990,20672155,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Alilua,"This is a must have for anyone who is a fan of arpg games. Good graphics, fun combat and classes, and lots of loot. Is more truthful to the darker fantasy themes than diablo 3. Game has been in developement for awhile and it shows in a good way. Classes may not be balanced the best across all levels, but there is enough content to keep someone playing for hours on end."
76561198033166566,Recommended,219990,21467400,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Zq.Alucard,Awesome
76561197990289428,Recommended,219990,21469161,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Hingle_McCringleberry,Great game. Buy now if you like ARPGs.
76561197979353861,Recommended,219990,22032365,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Ghostlight,"Grim Dawn FAQ:Is this game better than PoE / Diablo 3? YESIs this game the spiritual successor to Diablo 2 that ARPG fans have craved for years? YES.If you like ARPGs, this is the best there is available atm, do not miss it!!"
76561197970485969,Recommended,219990,20332893,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,DangerousQ,"Starts slow, and is a little annoying with the distance between portals, but soon gets very absorbing. Great graphics, neat character classes. I'm playing a comando which is a dual class soldier/demolition expert. With soldier being my primary class I struggled in close quarters against tougher opposition then at L10 you get to dual class after weighin up the options I dualed the demo class as it has some great benefits for ranged attack and defence. Now all we need is for the multiplayer to be more polished.things that would help are;1) ability to exchange items without dropping them on the floor.2) the ability to warp to your group should you die in battle, or perhaps give your buddies the power to resurrect dead party members.the only other annoying thing I have noticed is that if you dont have the required itmes to unock a shrine then you are out of luck, perhaps it could spawn a boss to kill instead.If you like top down hack and slashers in the vein of diablo etc then this is a very welcome addition and certainly money well spent."
76561198030866835,Recommended,219990,20392921,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Smulch,"Good game, good price. Needs some polish but it's coming. Worth getting."
76561197993903913,Recommended,219990,20528983,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,OneOfMany,It's alright I guess.
,Recommended,219990,20619983,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Sphinctus™,"Simply put, this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ one of the most fun ARPGs i've ever played. The zones and monsters are extremely diverse. There are thousands of builds to choose from. Every item upgrade seems significant, and you immediatly see the difference. I love this game. You will love this game. PLAY AND SUPPORT GRIM DAWN!"
76561198064188423,Recommended,219990,20662631,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,jayze86,This is the First Steam review i have written and have to say this is one of the best Action rpg's ive played its fun has plenty of customisation and from what ive played so far has plenty to do to keep you occupied
76561198077890924,Recommended,219990,20674409,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Solemn,"This game is a lot of fun. One recommnedation though, don'y play hardcore mode. I had one character die permanetly to screen freezing randomly, another to perma-frozen with no cd which lasted 6 seconds before I died, and my final character died sometime between me getting off the entire game to go make food and coming back 30 minutes later to play."
,Recommended,219990,21467165,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Venfu,Great game even if replayability and grouping aren't all that functional
76561197982173126,Recommended,219990,21468400,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ninja World War,I played this game and I liked it.  It was that good.
,Recommended,219990,21773917,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,bodie.paden,Super fun.  What Diablo 3 should have been.
,Recommended,219990,22061335,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Sapphire,"This is a good  game, if you like the D2 , TH , you will love it."
76561198048577502,Recommended,219990,21757977,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Dmoon Reaper of womans underwear,Fun ARPG. Nothing ground breaking but a good way to waste some time.
,Recommended,219990,22152100,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Squidward-desu,Low-fantasy titan quest with guns10/10
76561198064761813,Recommended,219990,22169568,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Brigi,Love the hack n' slash in this game!
76561197968445674,Recommended,219990,22206559,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,mathiaskraven,"Great ARPG game!  Better than D2, Torchlight, and Path of Exile."
76561198269294433,Recommended,219990,24237514,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,birdfry,I like me some Grim Dawn. Now if I can get my friends to download it.
76561198384209990,Recommended,219990,33385826,Posted: 8 July,all,mike.medhurst.1979,This game is absolutely amazing.  Much better than Diablo.  I played Diablo for a long time and got bored but this game seems so much more rewarding.  For a small company these guys really did an amazing job.  I just can't wait until the expansion now!  Great job Crate!  Keep them coming.
,Recommended,219990,20010203,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,PsychoPat,Lulz gg.
76561198024984866,Not Recommended,219990,30785898,Posted: 27 March,all,Circles,"After nearly 50 hours of gameplay, I'm going to have to no recommend Grim Dawn. It's a good game, but it's HIGHLY unsatisfying. I kept going thinking it was going to get better and better, but at the end it was a big let down. I played it as a Necromancer, and quite frankly, I don't feel like starting it again as a different class. Get it on sale if you must, the first few hours are kinda boring, but then the game picks up only to let you down at the end."
76561198043022382,Recommended,219990,26637652,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SmallBozrah,"Best ARPG I have played in years, here a few reasions.1. can play with a controller, steam contoller works best2. tons of different way to play, mixing classes and weapons3. lots of content, i never get bord4. priceI really wish diablo 3 was this good when it came out and i paid 60 dollars for it10/10"
76561197991435059,Recommended,219990,17774287,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Search_Warrant,"This game is hands down better looking and plays much nicer than Path of Exile. for the price they are currently asking? worth every penny. the ragdoll physics make this game very funny with a demolition explosive build with bodys and bits flying all over. the attacks feel like they have weight. the spell effects are very nice looking too.Crafting system is easy to understand, the loot system is a tad wierd. killing lvl 30 mobs and getting lvl 21 gear? nice for gearing alts i guess. the stats are a little odd to understand and there is a bit too many damage types to try be resistant to most of them.Only thing im wondering, in a undead infested game, NO PALADIN CLASS? wow.. i was disapointed about that. that is the only thing wrong with this game. i mean paladins fit the lore of any undead uprising. at least we get occultist which is kinda like the anti-paladin.Overall 9/10, worth it! seriously get this game if you love loot based diablo style games. i never played diablo 3 so i cant compare them sadly. tho im guessing this game would win anyway :P"
,Recommended,219990,21472865,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Timeraider,"Grim Dawn Review!General score at bottom of review! Skip to the end if you dont want.. information?Gameplay 8/10Existing out of:Combat 3/3Top-view action rpg. The combat reminds me most of Diablo 2.Simple mouse directed movement with really smoothely animated auto attacks and skill uses. The enemies arent usually AS big as the Diablo hordes, however certainly not as meager as the small groups of Torchlight either.Most enemies do have their own way of attacking and alot of them have skills of their own they will use meaning you will see a good amount of differentiation between even the same enemies when they have different skills/passives. Overall combat is done very well and a good amount of things feel like they do the punch they should (or shouldnt .. a 1handed gun for example feels like it might have hit or it might not have while raining down meteors certainly make the enemies turn to flying units :P)Setting 2/3Comparing it to the other game that comes in mind ..Titan Quest (which was made in the same engine (ofcourse it has now been upgraded a good bit) and certain developers that worked on Titan Quest did work on this game) this is quite the difference.From Greek gods to a lovecraftian renaissance post-apocalyptic world of undead and monsters. Still i must say... it does fit. I do now and then get slightly tired when seeing another deserted wasteland of ♥♥♥♥ed over buildings and rocks, but it cant deny it does look nice nor can i deny that it is exactly how a world ravaged by monsters would look. Overall.. it does look nice, it fits the game like a glove.. and yeah. Interesting change :PSide Quests 1/2Storyline quests will be discussed soon but for now.. Side Quests. I always love doing every single quets in an entire game, but i will try to stay objective.. they couldnt have been more sidequesty. Some of them are actually interesting quests with a good amount of lore behind them, others are simply... find my dead wife and done.Difficulty 2/2Tip 1: NEVER start any action-rpg on normal difficulty. You either start Grim Dawn on Veteran or you go away now :DSo yeah... sure, there probably are some lame boring tank paladin builds that breeze through Veteran without dying once and even with the squishiest class that would still be possible, but that depends more on the player than anything else.If you make a mistake at the wrong moment, you are garanteed dead. You walk into a hallway without way out while an elite is chasing you... well. gj... you can retrieve the lost exp later :P Dont forget healing pots either because forgetting those can cause the same effect to happen.However you can always get into hardcore mode if you feel lik you prefer to have permadeath and loss of all items on death.Or delve into one of the harder difficulties once you finished the game on veteran difficulty.Story 7.5/10I gave the story a 7.5 not because of the main storyline, but more due to the lore and stories you find yourself on the side or during sidequests. Main storyline is simplistic end-of-the-world monster take-over... its the fine details, side-stories and lore you find out during the questing that makes it interesting though.Also, you get exp for using lorepages... isnt that a good way to get people to at least take a look for a second :DNot going to really spoil much in case ive missed some information myself or will have to end up changing the review because of false information due to me not having fully finished the game yet and thus might be wrong concerning certain storyaspects :DCharacter Customisation 9/10Existing out of:Skill customisation 5/5They used the same system as in Titan Quest and i still love it. It comes down to having to pick your first talenttree/class at the start and at level 10 you get to pick a second talenttree/class (any can be mixed with any) which leads to very interesting combinations of skills and passives. You could combine 2 pet-based classes, but why would that be fun? Why not have part of you summon pets and the other one USE A MASSIVE FLAMETROWER OF DEATH...And yeah, there are some really nice-looking skills and im quite sure there is a class they will like for anyone out there.Ofcourse i must mention that they will eventually release expansions which will most likely include more classes to pick from.. or who knows.. maybe like Titan Quest eventually allow you to combine 3 classes :OAside from that there is the devotion system. Its a a simple system that allows you to get points for certain challenges and spend those in a starchart of heavenly signs to unlock alot of passives/buffs or even a few more skills to use.Gear customisation 4/5You have gear, you have alot of gear. You have normal gear, cool-looking gear, gear with really good passives on them and even gear that unlocks certain skills (feet that allow you to do a magical stomp) or passives (chest that allows for dualwielding of guns).I must say that at the start all gear looks a bit generic but ive heard at the end i all fits together way better. So yeah... just a really good amount of gear that does and feels alot different. Did i already tell you, you can upgrade it using gemstones that gives it even more passives but also can add skills given by that gemstone to be unlocked when placed on a gearpiece? Well.. now you know..+0.5 extra points for moddability of the gameGeneral outcome of my review: Would recommend 8.5/10. Any action-rpg fan should try this as it is to solid to not be worth itCannot wait to fully complete the story, delve into some gearing and after that try every single other class myself :D And hopefully the next DLC might be out before i get done with that so that might even be more amazing ;D"
76561198079841930,Recommended,219990,22133723,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,joemoniz,"HELLO FELLOW GAMER:Overall 			7.5/10Overall if u like ARPG this game is for you.Personally I thank the developers for their hard work.I also enjoy playing this game.Recommend		BUYFirst off, I have played a wide range of games and feel like I can offer an honest impression of what makes a good or bad game.So here is my Run down Review thus far.(Granted that the development team was small team and probably had a limited budget I will add 1+ to all reviews)Sounds/Music 		8/10Quality/Variety. 	8/10Its decently mix, and bring you into the game, but some sounds do get repetitive after awhileThe Music is nice, but could use more Variety.Graphics/Environment	7/10Uniqueness/Diversity	7/10For the game engine used, it sure is what it is. It’s no Diablo 3 quality but close.The Environment is also limited in diversity. Maybe only a few places you would take a screen shot and share it. Monsters get used often, and the detail of color, and unique monsters are their but few.Game play/Difficulty	7/10Mechanics/Itemization 	8/10The world interaction and characters play style are simple with a few mouse clicks to do almost anything, although a few keyboard keys assigned do help. Fights are not very complex, but character need to have the right itemization to do more damage or to overcome certain challenges. The fights are not long or hard. The item drops have selective status that work and go together. The status table and talent tree are simple and could use more fine tuning, allowing for more diverse character builds.  There is no money issue there is just the right amount coming in and just enough to spend on items/stuff you want. Also crafting is simple with a bit of farming, and you actually get items you can use."
76561197992619791,Recommended,219990,21641638,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Svenster,"Decisions, decisions, decisions . . .First things first, this game is a thing to play solo or with close friends, there are no ladders or lobbies, if you wish to multiplay, tell your best mate from Diablo 1 hardcore runs in 1996 about it and go rockin'This is a bit like The Witcher meets Multiplay.The grand news . .The available classes, class combinations and skill distribution options seem to be endless.Evidently, one HAS to chose which primary attack (i.e. left click) suits them and what secondary attack (the right-click then .. ) suits them well.There's a wide variety of single target or AoE options at starting levels and it's up to anyone if they decide to open with a poison AoE and follow through with a fire based shot that also pierces.Options are wide, varied and one MUST make a choice - can't have them all.This game requires thinking, planning and a good ponder on ""How do I like to play"" and offers you a re-spec of spent skill points practically for free.Basically, this means you can spend all skill points as wsoon as you get them into skills that match your current (low) level and re-spec at any point in time for a vendor fee that's so low, it shouldn't even be there :)Still, with item drops that add +1 or +2 to existing skills, it can be rewarding to invest just one point into a ""desired but not vital"" ability - alternatively, the option to go for a no-nonsense, single focus spec is there as well."
,Recommended,219990,29211707,Posted: 12 January,all,Killtek,"I love this game!!! 1,186.9 hrs on record says it all!!!Pros:Many class combos/skillsHardcore mode is addicting - high replayability valueDev team is consistently adding content and other game modes.Cons:Multiplayer coop mode is  buggy since day one -  Players crashing if someone leaves the host abruptly.  Not all loot items visible after they drop from kills and many more desync issues.   If they fixed multiplayer bugs I would give this game a perfect  10/10!"
76561198304908055,Recommended,219990,35122816,Posted: 22 September,all,redwerewolf90,"Having grown somewhat disenchanted with the current RPG market options, I was hesitant to purchase anything new, but Grim Dawn has succeeded wonderfully in recapturing some of the greatness of ARPG's of old.Calling it the spiritual successor of D2 does an injustice to both D2 and Grim Dawn, but I can certainly see why the comparison has been made. Grim Dawn carves its own path into the genre with a beautiful and expansive world to explore, and a very well-defined sense of its own artistic aesthetic direction.There is a ton of class, skill, stat, and item augmentation options to choose from to satisfy even the most veteran of Diablo 2 fans. If all of this wasn't enough, the writing team has done a great job putting out some of the best writing in the genre in recent memory. Good writing is hard to come by in gaming these days. I actually really enjoyed reading the notes and scribbles found throughout the game - something I rarely do for want of interest.If Crate can manage to remain grounded and fill in the void where Activision-Blizzard is currently lacking, all of us old school RPG'ers might be in for many years of great gaming to come.Take note, Crate: You've got a great team across the board, and your pricing is excellent. Don't let yourselves fall by the wayside once greater success comes."
,Recommended,219990,33789473,Posted: 25 July,all,Some Niche Meme,"A quinessential pick for ARPG/Hack'N'Slash fans.When I first picked the game up, my introduction to APRG/Hack'N'Slash was Diablo III on PS4. In other words, there was nowhere to go but up from there. Grim Dawn feels smoother and much more engaging in terms of lore and combat.Single player has plenty of narrative pieces that kept me searching for story items explaining the ensuing blight. There are very few times a game's narrative has been intriguing, but Grim Dawn successfully accompanies visceral combat with tinkets of story along your journey.Although the multiplayer DLC is not without its bugs, I really enjoy the Crucible. Grinding for gear with friends or randos is always a challenge given Grim Dawn's multiple difficulties.Not to mention, the skill tree, devotion and dual class system offers players near endless varieties of ways to play. Skill points can be redistributed at a low cost, especially if you've been grinding at Crucible.Overall, a great ARPG/Hack'N'Slash; can't wait for the upcoming class DLC."
76561198014654961,Recommended,219990,34341895,Posted: 18 August,all,Lorderan,"Way too complicated. Good early game. Further in, DPS meters do not work. Very difficult to understand what/why weapons/gear is good."
76561198006014195,Recommended,219990,17675666,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Echonight,"nice game but unfortunatly it is still under development for God knows how long... If the pace doesn't speed up I'm afraid it might be outdated graphically by other competetive games that might release in the future.If you don't care about full content being available or not then go ahead play, early acess is fun as it is already but not sure if worth the full price."
76561198039061262,Recommended,219990,20271446,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Highsinger,"You played Diablo II ?You played Titan Quest ?You played Grim Dawn...Dont get me wrong-its a nice Game, but SUCH A RIPOFF!Basically,every Idea there is,from Quests (DII : Kill the Zombies/TQ :Kill the Satyrs/GD :Kill the Zombies) over Perk tree to Item upgrades is just SO copied!BUT- a nice Game to kill some Time and play your favorite Games in a different Skin...Enjoy! (when its on sale)"
76561198017076013,Recommended,219990,22088226,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Texelion,"Advantages of this game over Diablo 3 :- no lag/stuttering because you don't need to be connected to the sh*itty Blizzard's servers- dual classing- more than 4 skills- you choose where to put skills points- sh*tload of loot- interesting open-world to explore with secret areas- you don't get kicked out of the server if you afk for 10 minutesDisadvantages of this game over Diablo 3 :- kinda ugly- unbalanced elites and bosses that are either way too easy or that will one-shoot you- sh*tty map- no Deckard Cain to tell you storiesIf you're bored of Diablo and want an HnS game that doesn't require to be online, this is probably the best alernative. Better than Sacred 2 and Van Helsing. Less boring than Path of Exile and Torchlight imo, but not as fun as Marvel Heroes.The game has some slight issues though, like,- the inventory is too small and half of it is taken by stuff to add bonus to your gear, and you have to go sell everything every 2 minutes.- The AI is quite dumb and will just try to shoot you through walls.- You need to add points in Physique to equip anything remotely useful ( can't do a rogue/mage full cunning/spirit for example, you won't be able to equip most armors ).- it's sometimes hard to see the enemies still aliveetc"
76561198011358595,Recommended,219990,25513109,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,novacaine4u,Very good hack and slash fun with good depth in character builds (even if their gear system does not support all build possiblities).
76561198021697071,Recommended,219990,25485984,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Xtinktshun,"I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at myself for waiting 1 year to get into the game. I waited and waited playing other so so games.  Now that i have gotten into this game I have uninstalled D2/D3 and Titan Quest. The game has a lot of good qualities that combine both D3/TQ and is a gem inside this genre. I am not going to get into details as there are several good posts/reviews doing that. Just know the game is a great game within a ARPG areana.The DLC is not necessary as it is just a new mode on playing the game and I have only done it once and found it, eh, but I am still new to the game so enjoying it a lot more. Supposedly they are working on more new content and cannot wait to see how it all works out.Do yourself a favor, download the game and give it a go.  We need more new OPEN multiplayer people and not all of this locked game junk."
76561197989891921,Recommended,219990,9468926,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Iraqiiz,i hope the online gaming will be as fun as single player.the game is worth what it cost and more. need many more act's and bobbes with more skills.but still so far it's fun to play and nice to have =)
,Recommended,219990,15839607,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Lymle Lemuri Phi,"Early Access Build 25 review!This is the best ARPG to date. Maybe PoE will be on pair with it once it releases act 4 and fixes a lot of the problems it has.Grim Dawn offers a very fluid combat, great class selection, motivating item-hunt (better than D3 or PoE!) a lot and LOT of builds to develop, factions, a veteran-mode, really good crafting and a lot of stuff that just waits to be found out.The world itself is static and not randomly generated which origins from titan quest and has its advantages. Even if the story is not yet complete and the level is capped at 40 (around 75 in the final release) there is so much to do once you reached the cap! I suggest every fan of arpgs to try it out at once!/Edit for build 29 :The added Devion-System is very confusing at first, but adds a lot of depth. Sadly, there is a nasty hdd-access when picking up loot. Disabling Cloud and addind ""/nocommit"" to launch options is at least minimizing that. The highest two difficulties are not really balanced at all (even normal is not balanced...) and legendary items are not interesting. This is supposed to be adressed in B30!"
,Recommended,219990,23155880,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Josh,"This is a game that i've been playing on and off for a while... As an ARPG Lover, Grim Dawn certainly confirms one thing for me... the ARPG genre is slowly (and surely) growing strong.Grim Dawn is an Action RPG based on in the Victorian Era... with the addition of crazy stuff like Aetherial beings and supernatural entities such as spirits, skeletons, ghouls... and so on.The one key difference between Grim Dawn, and other ARPG's of this time, is its Mastery System, where you can choose up to two different classes, and mix-match their skills to synergise with each other, whether it be, increased damage of an element, more defences, or just for the sake of adding Auras and buffs to your character.If you are from major ARPG's like Path of Exile, or Diablo 2/3, and you are looking for a break from those games, I cannot recommend this game enough. It has hundreds of Epic/Legendary items, each legendary item has its own special ability/affix that can change your character in the most unique ways. The downside to this, however, is the fact that there are very limited amount of skills, and the only thing that can make the game feel different is... well, the legendary skills that come with legendary equipment.Crate has done an amazing job with the art, and sound for this game. The Graphics are so damn good, the soft shadows around your portal or even candles on the ground... its simply, beautiful. The sound itself is quite unique, the satisfying explosive sounds as you blast through your enemies, the audible *crunch* as you whack-a-mole your enemies... nothing makes me more happier to cast an incredibly powerful spell against a mob of enemies, hear a tonne of explosions, and see all this loot on the ground... its a great feeling.Multiplayer in this game is something that people have tried, and works fine from what i have experienced, although, ive only used Multiplayer a handful of times to trade... I think the majority of the players play solo though... which is coolCrate have already confirmed an expansion in the near future, and, sometime this month, or next, there will be a nice little content update that the community is very eager for!Oh, and the modding scene is very new, but many players have made great content, I have zero mods installed, i should get to that!Rate outta 10: 8/10-2 points for these 2 reasonsThere is no end game... sure there are dungeons, but there are only 2 dungeons... hopefully there will be more content, or even mods to improve on thisAnd, Optimization can be a bit tricky... my usual 60fps drops to the 20-40 range when alot is happening... but overall, performance is alright, just some hiccups here and there.Anyway, I recommend!"
76561197970666880,Recommended,219990,23410746,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ashaen,Pure fun in an original story setting.Note : Blizzard/Activision$$$ take notice on how a fun game should be made!Go buy this one!
76561197969066488,Recommended,219990,24007251,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Warlok,"I'm impressed, This cool action hack and slash rpg is a lot of fun!Remember to rest your mouse finger every now and then to avoid wearing it out ;)"
76561198194711709,Recommended,219990,32303297,Posted: 9 June,all,NovaMasamune,Awesome game. I also play the GOG version. This is how I love this game.
,Recommended,219990,7586935,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Distriq,"if u ARPGlover, u must play it"
76561198006501189,Recommended,219990,10040595,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Queengoth Sparklebitch,"Ive only played five hours so far but i cant say enough good things about this game.If you, like i, have been stung by early access before and are unsure about this game you needn't worry it is an excellent game which shows nothing but promise and already fufils a large amount of that promise.The world is rich and dark and immersive, the weapons and armor are realistic and yet manage to convey a sense of the doomed gothic world you live in without being too flashy or too over the top.The gameplay gives you a genuine sense of clinging onto survival in a solomon kane esque world overrun by evil and on the verge of armageddon.Normally i turn music off on games, but having decided to give Grim dawns soundtrack a go i wasnt even disappointed there, the music is atmospheric and manages to put accross the right emotions and thoughts and the right times.It plays smoothly, with just a few slight FPS issues now and again, the graphics are extremely good for a non triple A title.I highly recommend buying this, its an excellent game already and promises to be even better when fully released, it could easily be the best game of its type for the last 8 or so years since the days of Titan quest and Dungeon siege 1 and 2 and Diablo 1 and 2."
,Recommended,219990,9140603,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Aurelius,"fine jewel of a game so far, highly recomend it."
,Recommended,219990,9275047,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Bloodcult,"This is a solid action RPG. It's a little rough around the edges in parts, but it gets better with every update. I was able to complete all the content around lvl 19, and I'm happy they've released another huge area to explore. My only complaint so far is that the game does feel pretty small, and after about 5 minutes of game play there are no surprises. That being said it's a hugely entertaining game. I really enjoy the multi class system, and that it has a little bit of of Dark Souls feel at times. For anyone that says Path of Exile is better, you need a serious reality check. Pull the stick out of your bum and enjoy the game for what it is, a button smashing action RPG that has a lot of potential to be an outstanding game."
76561197970964661,Recommended,219990,15342070,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,[TASTY]Frogfat,"This is the first Diablo clone I've been able to get into.  Fast pacing, good drops, interesting classes and skills, good story.  Its like Mr. Holland's Opus, but im Mr. Holland, and..my computer is an Opus."
,Recommended,219990,15467926,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Sanlumiere,"I am torn on this game, but I will quickly say this game is recommended.Okay, that out of the way, this game is an action RPG in the style of Titanquest (the engine on which it's built) and Diablo.It's smartly designed, looks great and is a polished product - regardless of only having a couple of guys driving it forward.There are some odd choices however. The soundtrack is incredibly reminiscent of more of a survival horror game like Silent Hill than an action RPG, and as such it's often entirely out of place because it doesn't feel dynamically tied to the action onscreen.Occasionally, elements will not disappear as you walk behind them, causing some tricky combat when a tree is blocking your view.There are plenty of performance issues, but none are great enough to prevent enjoyment of the game, but noticable enough that you are very much aware this is a game in a beta phase of development.Reinforcing this beta feel is a seemingly complete lack of real story. This is possibly not a factor of being in Beta, but that they have very much downgraded the storyline and restricted it to some NPC chats and books you find as you walk around.Overall though, it's a well done ARPG. I would, however, only purchase at a discount as it stands since it doesn't compare overly favourably to Path of Exile which is an excellent free-to-play ARPG."
,Recommended,219990,16859904,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,The 3 Kingdoms,"If your looking to restart that fire from the Diablo 2 / Titan Quest days then look no further. Grim Dawn is looking to beat them 2 games, the way the game is heading. I highly recommend you buy this game if you like D2, TQ & PoE style games."
,Recommended,219990,20964303,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Sir Swerves,"If you like diablo 2, do yourself a favor and get this game. that is all."
76561198006300816,Recommended,219990,22882372,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,christian,Played it for 30 hours singleplayer. It was all good. Casual with plenty of light-effects in different colors and various sound effects for spells and abilities.
,Recommended,219990,24088815,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,AM_96,It's fun :)
76561198136749111,Recommended,219990,24162934,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Exagon,"Relly good game :D i liked the open world, music and game experience. Recommend to anyone that likes Diablo and that kind of genre. Thumbs up and ill keep on gaming this :)"
76561197992784890,Recommended,219990,10775548,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,bobist,Excellent game even in it's early access state.
,Recommended,219990,35214721,Posted: 25 September,all,Baphomet,"Hack and slash your way through hordes of enemies and try not to wear out your mouse buttons in Grim Dawn, a Diablo-style combat RPG. True to the genre, this game features frantic attacking, potion guzzling, spell button mashing, loot finding, quest-solving action. This time around it’s about stopping some mysterious invading force known as the Aetherials as your standard unwilling unassuming hero-to-be. Throughout the game you will also meet various factions struggling against the invading threat and choosing to assist them will open up new quests, items, and other rewards.Grim Dawn stands out from other Diablo clones in that it has a great amount of class and build variety. Not only can you choose a single starting class, but you gain the option to expand into a second, dual class which changes your title depending on the combination. For example, I chose the occultist and nightblade classes, which granted me the combine class of witch hunter. Advancing in each class and unlocking new skills requires spending points in its mastery tree at the bottom of the screen. You can further expand on your repertoire by restoring shrines scattered across the game for devotion points used in the constellation system where star systems are completed to grant the player new passive abilities and statistic increases. Of course you also have 3 core stats (physique, cunning, spirit) that you can raise by one point every level (skills by 3) and they have their own effects on player statistics and armor/weapon requirements. Finally, the game allows you to re-allocate points for everything except your core stats and mastery points for a very nominal fee.The overall story, graphics, and music of Grim dawn are fairly simple, as they should be, and the challenge is good enough for your typical sword and board or caster-spam builds. In fact, this game may be a bit on the easy side unless you pick a paper-tiger style build focusing on high damage with low health and resistance. Speaking of resistance, the game features ten (10!) different types of damage! Consequently, until you have reached higher levels and factional reputations and received certain augmentations and other gear, it will be impossible to have a loadout that gives you wide enough resistance coverage to significantly reduce all damage types. Basically, there will be areas of the game that you will breeze through, followed by areas where you will die over and over again before making any progress. Thankfully there is the handy portal button that allows you to drop a town-portal wherever you want at no cost, which remains even if you use it multiple times (e.x. after dying).So is Grim Dawn worth playing? If you enjoyed Diablo 2, were bored by 1, and hated 3, you’ll probably like this game a lot. If you’re more into simplicity, a la Diablo 3, you may be turned off by all the extra resistance and point allocation systems. Either way, it’s worth a look-see for anyone craving some dungeon crawling, mouse mashing action."
,Recommended,219990,7784454,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Tyrant,"This game is absolutely worth every penny. While it's still a work in progress, it holds its own with currently released 'completed' titles. From the class mechanics to the art style, the game is so well polished my ONLY complaint with the game is that it wasn't here soon enough to save me from wasting my money on D3."
,Recommended,219990,9364304,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Arijjah,This game has the dark feeling of Diablo & Diablo 2.HIghly Recommended
76561198027652482,Recommended,219990,14799292,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,nfgpunk666,this is very fun so far character class mashup is cool.
,Recommended,219990,19918462,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,OneMetricMinute,"Pros-Great Graphics-In-depth, but not overwhelming-Devs are great-The grass physics(when you see it, you'll know it)Cons-"
,Recommended,219990,23698873,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Nerkles,"Scratches that Diablo 2/Titan Quest itch really well. An amazing ARPG with interesting classes, neat quests and lore, and tight, responsive controls. I can't stop playing it. My personal Game of the Year so far."
,Recommended,219990,24008668,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lowen264,So far so good.  If you liked Titan Quest you'll like this game.  I'd recommend being the Democultist its pretty great.  Having pets to distract people with and then throwing a molly at them is awesome!  I just hope the environments were as dynamic as Titan Quest's were.
,Recommended,219990,24171688,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,"Urizen Sawbones, MD","After logging a bit of time into this here videogame, I have concluded that it is fun and solid enough to warrant a recommendation. Controls are pretty good, graphics do not incinerate the eyeballs with their unholiness, and the lore is pretty grim. The story is alright; so those searching for a game that is first and foremost story-drive aught to look elsewhere. Otherwise, seekers of an ARPG that mirrors Titan Quest and Diablo should find good enjoyment in playing this game."
,Recommended,219990,33718998,Posted: 22 July,all,Dr. Rockso M.D.,"Diablo was the first butt-kicking RPG that I ever played. Diablo II was a decent sequel, but never quite lived up to the glory of the original. Diablo III was a complete and utter disappointment, driven by idiots who worship money and have lost all focus on (or just have no clue) what makes a game so special - the immersion, thoughtful crafting of a world, gameplay that focuses on reinforcing the experience and truly memorable music to boot - not serving excuses to make more money, using psychology to manipulate and drive specific/desired behaviors or touting bogus ideas veiled with empty intent (ie 'pillars of design') that wreak of online-only-DRM.Having said such, Grim Dawn does not rest on selling you ideas and what potential it might have, but actually delivers on an experience - a game that has depth, immersion and fun. This game brings back those feelings of adventure and wonder, set in a dark world that really gets you wanting to explore and reveal it's story and, though I draw comparisons to Diablo (a ground-breaking & genre-defining game), it is clearly time to move onto something that has a future - free from the greed and soulless, un-meaningful creation that has come to define Blizzard. Crate Entertainment have truly crafted something special here and it is apparent that the devs actually understand what makes a game fun - I would not be surprised to discover that every single one of the devs actually play their own game - and it is clear that much careful and considered thought has been poured into this game.In short, Grim Dawn is an epic RPG in its own right and it is a franchise that I definitely look forward to seeing more of in the future."
76561198068223260,Recommended,219990,23261869,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Wizard,"Great ARPG. If you liked D2 or Dungeon Siege. Then you will like this one too. I am yet to try multiplayer and am on my first post through, but so far I am enjoying all the content this has to offer."
76561198193379127,Recommended,219990,23956566,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,usatooley,"So ima start off by saying ARPG's are probably my fav genre of games bar none. That being said this one is on the top of my list with Diablo 2 and Titan Quest. The Classes alll bring something fresh to the table, very balanced and well done. The world looks great even on low settings. The fact this is on sale right now BUY it!! you wont be disappointed, ive only played 2 hours and im deeply invested in the story and my character. 9.5/10 my only con is the attacking, sometimes my character just runs into the enemies instead of attacking."
76561197970354999,Recommended,219990,10514290,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Doc,"Grim Dawn. It looks grim. It is grim. I suppose it must be dawn as well, only it`s difficult to tell, what with all the grimness and all. Some people don`t like the look of Grim Dawn; it`s ugly they say. They`re wrong. Grim Dawn looks great. Not cartoony like Torchlight and not all bright and shiny like Diablo III. Gritty and grimy is what it is and what it`s supposed to be. I like the closer perspective as well, zoomed in closer than your average ARPG. There`s no horrible voice acting either; all you have to do is read and use your imagination.As I`m only 8.6 hours in at the moment, commenting too much on the gameplay might be a tad premature, What I can report though is that I`ve never been asked to fetch scrap metal so I can help a character get some water before. What next? A quest to visit Tesco for some toilet paper? Who knows. That oddity aside, the quests appear to be the usual ARPG fare: get an amulet here, save a helpless relative from Undead minions there; you know the drill. The character classes are a step away from the stereotyped Warrior/Mage/Thief we`re used to and there seem to be some new ideas, like crafting (I don`t know if this already exists in other ARPG`s), which is fun. The music`s excellent and fits the grimness of it all.My only complaint so far is that the `normal` difficulty is a bit too easy, as health automatically regenerates and the quality of my foes is pretty poor. This leads to a feeling of grinding, which isn`t great. Yes I can change the difficulty, but I think I`ll just hang on for a while, in case things get tricky.Also, if you haven`t enjoyed ARPG`s before, this won`t change your mind. If, however you`ver grown tired of Torchlight and Diablo, rhis fits the bill nicely. Recommended. Oh, you`d also do well to install this team`s previous effort, Titan Quest, as it still plays and looks as good as it did when it was young."
76561198116302634,Recommended,219990,11314817,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,dragomir.aurelian,"Great game! I like the most that when you hit an adversary the physics and audio offer a complete experience. It's like I feel the hit myself.. Nice visuals, hope to have a lot of armors and weapons so my char will look awsome. Also the environment is pretty neat. I've unnistalled it though... because I want to enjoy it full at release date, I want it to surprise me. So yeah, gogogo Crate, bring us the enjoyment that Diablo 3 failed to!"
76561198019384046,Recommended,219990,9165689,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Lord Womble,Surprisingly clean Alpha Version. Grim Dawn takes the formula of Titan quest and Diablo to a new and darker setting. No fancy experiments get in the way of Monster slaughtering and Item looting. Great fun.
,Recommended,219990,14812660,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Ripsteakface,"I have a grim fascination with Grim Dawn, a fascination that extends from dawn to dusk."
,Recommended,219990,15150879,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Black Phillip,Bought the game for a few bucks.  Best few bucks I have spent on Steam.
,Recommended,219990,22339624,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ru,>plays veteran/hardcore>gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by hordes of aetherials>dies within an hour of gameplay>10/10greatest game ever
76561197970555148,Recommended,219990,23251244,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,culsu,The best ARPG I have played since Diablo II.
,Recommended,219990,35191585,Posted: 24 September,all,I3uryme,"Just buy it its worth it in everyway.Modable, ARPG, Great Lore, Awesome Setting, Insane character development, ectB.U.Y. I.T."
76561197992726570,Recommended,219990,10793035,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Markofdoom,"The succesor to the Titan Quest series made by the original developers, this game is shaping up to be something great. Capturing the gritty darkness of it's predecessors (Diablo series) in a steampunk Victorian-era world, it builds a solid ARPG with features constantly being added as it moves towards beta. Those who played TQ will already be familiar with the feeling of the game engine, character layout, dual skill-tree system and items etc. Early access means limited content which will be constantly changing, but for fans of the ARPG genre this is one to keep an eye on, and worthy of a purchase if you can't wait.Of course many people are starting to feel the genre becoming tired since we have all given Diablo 3 a thrashing, but Grim Dawn is fun to play and I have a feeling the full game will be keeping us entertained for quite some time."
,Recommended,219990,13593958,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,backstreets back,"It's just Titan Quest with a more interesting theme and gore, get it now. Or don't, I don't care"
76561197992220699,Recommended,219990,14757385,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,zwiebl,awesome game!
76561197968575794,Recommended,219990,9673897,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,FartGod,pretty fun game looking forward to full version. if you like diablo yall like this GG
76561198071851275,Recommended,219990,14782731,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Lawless,"So i saw Grim Dawn a few weeks ago and it look amazing, I was scard to buy because i didnt know anyting about the game and it was early access but i got it anyways! the game is really good and is fun but doesnt have anything that made me want to keep playing! i know i didnt play it long but im still gonna give it a chance and keep playing! the game is fun just dont know if its worth $25"
76561198013336694,Recommended,219990,15146049,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Griz,IT IS GOOD.
76561198101915923,Recommended,219990,15369812,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,MudBogger72,wayyyyyyy better than that crap game diablo 3 if you want a real hack'n'slah dungeon crawling loot hoarding adventure look no further than this.11/10 what D3 should have been
76561198009099550,Recommended,219990,30250137,Posted: 28 February,all,Corrino,"I would argue, the best, or at least one of the best, games ever made for PC. Ludicrously good!"
,Recommended,219990,11026152,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,MrPikkis,"Great hack'n'slash fun, reminds me a lot of Titan Quest, but way more simplistic and optimized even in alpha stage."
76561198071423871,Recommended,219990,9298178,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Cruce Bampbell,Victorian titan quest/diablo 2. 10/10 would play again.
76561198080646214,Recommended,219990,15393473,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,PiraTeCepTioN,YESS!
76561198010433524,Recommended,219990,15406336,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Zonack Erthanos,"Pretty good game, good ambience, good skill system, overall pretty fun."
76561197971640510,Recommended,219990,16666416,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Huggles `,"Not yet released, but this is everything diablo3 should have been. And probably more.This is shaping up to be one of the better games I've seen, both in terms of art/style and gameplay. It's dark and kind of dirty looking, instead of diablo3s WoWcartoon style.looking forward to full release"
76561198049071288,Recommended,219990,22970217,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Cow,"Beautiful game, absolutely wonderful."
76561198068159072,Recommended,219990,24803318,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Narcissistic Red,"This is the best Action Role Playing Game there is, let me go over a few reasons Why...Dual Class - Combine any of six distinct classes with over 25 skills and modifiers per class. Base classes include Soldier, Demolitionist, Occultist, Nightblade, Arcanist and Shaman.Hundreds of Item Skills - Augment your class build with a diverse array of over 250 unique skills granted by items and equipment add-ons.Collect hundreds of Items - Common, magical, rare, epic and legendary classes of loot. Plus over 20,000 possible magical affix combinations and over 200 rare affixes.Quests with Choice and Consequence - You will face tough decisions that leave significant impacts upon the world. Strangers on the road, desperate families and even entire villages may live or perish based on your actions. Currently over 35 quests with 75+ lore notes to be collected.Friendly and Enemy Factions - Earn favor with human factions to unlock additional quest lines, vendor discounts and special faction-based items and augments. Some neutral factions you can be turned into allies but aiding one will make the enemy of another. Hostile factions will remember your deeds and deepen their hatred of you, sending out large packs and elite heroes to hunt you down.Devotion, an additional layer of skill customization allows you to acquire bonuses and powerful secondary effects for your class skills. These are unlocked from a giant constellation map with points acquired by finding and restoring destroyed or corrupted shrines hidden throughout the world.Rebuild the World - Help human enclaves survive and flourish by securing vital necessities, rebuilding structures and rescuing survivors who can then lend their services to your cause.4 Person Multiplayer - Connect with Friends or make new allies in glorious multiplayer. Multiplayer encounters will put your teamwork to the ultimate challenge.Fast-paced Visceral Combat - Enemy blood spatters, ragdoll physics and satisfying enemy death effects. Smash in doors and fight house to house, leaving a path of demolished furniture in your wake.Rotatable Camera - If you choose to survey the full beauty of the world and always fight from the most optimal angle. Levels are still designed so that players are not forced to rotate the camera; it is purely optional.Secrets and Perils Abound - 200+ Enemy heroes and bosses, hand-configured with their own unique arrays of deadly skills. 20+ secret areas hidden behind crumbling walls, hidden gaps and mysterious locked doors. Explode obstacles or repair structures to open new paths.Rogue-Like Dungeons - Descend into special locked challenge dungeons that require a rare crafted key, where enemy levels increase as you progress and player teleport is disabled. There is no way out except to complete the dungeon or die trying.Dynamic Weather - The world is brought to life with region-specific climates and a variety of weather effects. A sunny day can cloud over with mild rain showers that builds into a booming thunderstorm. Variable wind gusts blow grass and affect objects like windmills.Recipe Based Crafting - Collect over 250 crafting recipes that allow you to combine salvaged components into unique crafted items and then, later, use those basic crafted items with higher-tiered recipes to complete items of amazing power.Reclaim Skill Points - The ability to pay to reclaim points alleviates the fear and frustration of having to make early, uninformed skill choices that could permanently gimp a character.In fewer choice words, BUY THE GAME, YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT."
,Recommended,219990,9565637,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Tei,"Not a pretty game, but it growns on you. Good loot, mysterious world that you want to know more. Fun combat."
76561198147143110,Recommended,219990,14216191,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Limsalo,"Geforce GT 750Mi7-4710MQ @ 2.50GHz8 GB of RAMAll my sh#t is up to date, but this game still lags on the lowest settings; even with virus software and all unnessary programs not running.. If you want a game with good gameplay and a load of annoying and irratation issues then get this game, you'll love it. A beautiful game with a lot of great stuff, hopefully all the kinks will be worked out in the end; I'm keeping my fingers crossed though.If this game wasnt so choppy and the targetting system a pain, I would enjoy this almost as much as diablo."
,Recommended,219990,14798484,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Soulrift,TL;DR: I like it.
76561198042641711,Recommended,219990,15200980,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,dkopec0411,Great ARPG!  The small detail in this one makes it great.  Great tallent trees that have real impact on how you play the game.  Development has been slow but steady.
,Recommended,219990,22343631,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Jackie Moon,"I clicked on some things and they died.I then increased my character level and now I don't have to click as many times.Game seemed a bit boring at first, but then I got to level 10 and bought a cleave skill.  I get really excited now when I run into large groups because I can cleave them and kill them quicker (less clicking).I collected some battered fragments, and when I had enough of them I put them on my shield and it gave me a new ability.  While I haven't tried this ability yet (Shield Bash) I am hoping it means even less clicking and even more death.Random comment (See above for more) : The music on this game is fantastic, it's very atmospheric and one might say it has a GRIM feel to it...More randomness: While checking the controls for adjusting the camera I noticed that the game has gamepad support.  This, as you can by now imagine got me REALLY excited because it can only mean one thing:NO MORE CLICKING!!!(*I'm gonna update this review with a more focus and seriousness as I make my way through the game)."
76561198025971572,Recommended,219990,23432920,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Smegma,Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
,Not Recommended,219990,27659717,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mosaic,"I totally see why a lot of people like this game. Seems a bit more challening than Diablo 3 and I dig the multi-class thing. But the UI is tough to understand and the whole game just feels less than user friendly. For the life of me I couldn't figure out where to go for my quests. There seemed to be no markers or even directions on how to get to where your suppose to go.I'm sure some prefer that for a more ""hardcore"" experiance but I just don't have the time and patience anymore to hunt around for where I'm suppose to go. Prefer more user friendly games now that I'm older. Seems like a decent old school ARPG. I can't recommend it though for the UI and aparent user unfriendlyness. Honestly, I wish I could have enjoyed it more because it seems really cool."
,Recommended,219990,13539678,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Colonel H Sanders,"I was and I still am a huge fan of Titan Quest. Grim dawn has exceeded my expectations by miles so far. I like the graphics, I like gameplay and I like the way you can improve gear by using collectable items. Gameplay is great, resources are not too scarce but its still a challenge. I just love it!Yeah, progress is slow, the game is still in Alpha state. That's because developers resources are scarce and mostly because they are doing it right instead of releasing a half baked thing.I copied this poor guy's review cause i'm a lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. + It sums up all my thoughts pretty well."
,Recommended,219990,9417856,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,MercuryEX,"I have enjoyed playing the first 2 Acts during beta but the game still leaves quite a bit to be desired. If Crate is only planning on adding 1 more act to the game I think it will be too short since I finished it in less than 20 hours with my first character. I like the overall feel of the Steampunk meets Fantasy style but the overall size of the play area feels very small compared to TQ, D3 or Path of Exile (which is a Fantastic FTP ARPG). I still recommend the game but I'll reserve my final review for a completed release."
76561198026997819,Recommended,219990,9999446,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Mrwho,"I realy didn't give this game the merit it should.Since my review (I think a year or so ago) it has improved so much and it brought that nostalgia that only a Diablo classic would bring from back in the day.Also I mention this because it just recived one of Diablo's Developers in its team Eric Sexton !Evry month I feel more confident on the success of grim dawn and the game has such great ammount of interactive, some of your decisions have consequences so you need to be thoughtfull of what you gonna say or do in this game wich makes it all more thriling.Still I will hold my horses on the hype due to be in early access yet, the great plague of such games is that it loses the interest way to quick and after release you proboly be burned over it.If you want to support this talented people go for it they deserve in my books."
,Recommended,219990,15531885,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,wack,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,219990,19252864,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Abu Hajaar,you better ♥♥♥♥ing buy it
,Recommended,219990,22980968,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Fisty LaRue,Game should cost twice as much and not include X-2.For that matter game should cost four times as much and only be BLITZBALL(hundreds of hours of blitzball experience on the old PS2)
,Recommended,219990,22987561,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Heyasuki,"Wonderful game, great for coop, great solo. If playing with other make sure you choose the same options in the story. Game is REALLY fun!"
76561197974770053,Recommended,219990,24154617,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Big Shooter,"Great action rpg. Deep skill mechanics. Visceral and quick combat. You really can't go wrong here if you like action rpgs. Best of all, It honestly makes Diablo 3's skill system look like a joke. I was certainly not expecting this level of quality. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,219990,23444403,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,i̸͟͠N̶̨͞ģR̸̕͝o͝͞W҉e̷̴͝N̴̡,"basicly a copy and paste job of titan quest with a difernet story, that said i ♥♥♥♥ing loved titan quest and this game is just as good"
76561198057600045,Recommended,219990,26267347,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,thevibe27,Great rpg! The xbox360 controller format is a bit tough to learn at first but great after a while!
76561197972339260,Recommended,219990,10401518,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,CoolDataTx1,"If you buy this game because the Titan's Quest devs created it and you're expecting more of TQ gameplay then you're going to be sorely disappointed.  Unto itself it is a fun ARPG but currently it is no different than the 100s of other one's out there.  The devs seem to be taking a ""play it safe"" approach because it doesn't do anything really different than the others.  There is no evolution to the ARPG formula here.  It doesn't even bother to incorporate things that worked well in modern ARPGs like Torchlight.The devs still have time to make this game great but right now it is a bland ARPG for people looking for another ARPG to play.  It is definitely not what I expected nor hoped for.  Taken as simply an ARPG with no pedigree then it is entertaining, just don't expect a lot."
76561198062763862,Recommended,219990,10588136,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mackerel,"Had to update my review after the considerable amount of hours spent in Grim Dawn.All I can say is I have found my favourite ARPG. From the desolation of Iron Lore and disappointment from D3, Crate Entertainment's Grim Dawn rose and stepped into the ARPG Hack & Slash scene, like the protagonist who steps in the nick of time to save the world.For an incredibly low price, Crate delivered a lot more than what the players paid. The flexibility of classes, the dark ambience, the challenging modes and last but not least the consistent updates from the developers contribute to what I can only say one of the best games ever made."
76561198028466526,Recommended,219990,7904595,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Cujo,"So far its one of the best ARPGs i've played.  Its not done yet so I'm not diving too deeply into it.  Its got a great foundation though, very satisfying killing of monster hordes."
76561198065434370,Recommended,219990,8695090,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,David Navega,"Altough an unfinished project right now, Grim Dawn is awesome! Combat is fluid and challenging, loot is good. Totally recommend it if you're a ARPG fan!"
,Recommended,219990,9412055,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Lurchybaby,"From the hour or so of my playtime, this game seems much like Titan Quest (not that it's a bad thing) without the rubberbanding issues that plagued Titan Quest.  Overall thus far, a good game, especially if you're a fan of Titan Quest."
76561198034077181,Recommended,219990,10939351,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rbc,Beautiful . BUy !
,Recommended,219990,15164723,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Tastycasey,occultist is blood and pentagrams10/10
76561198145881658,Recommended,219990,22870857,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Narukami,"Great game, nice and polished but, horrible loot! Dont expect for much of anything to drop that you need or want. I have so many blues and purples and maybe 1% are what i am looking for in armor and even less for weapons.  Reminds me of the same issues we had in D3 ROS before it was fixed. I love GD but get bored quickly. Hopefully one day soon this too will be fixed."
,Recommended,219990,23792946,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,xolak,"Buy it! Great ARPG, build diversity, all the good stuff."
,Recommended,219990,33728806,Posted: 22 July,all,tr1p,Dungeon Siege + Diablo + Titan Quest = Grim Dawn. It's sex
,Recommended,219990,33942214,Posted: 31 July,all,keysersoze,"NB. Over 1,000 hours played on top of hours listed on Steam. This is currently my favourite game. I had been looking for something that I could really sink my teeth into, easy enough to learn but difficult to master and something to keep me coming back. Grim Dawn achieves this with the depth of the skill progression system combined with inventory and devotions has me continually tinkering with my current build and excited to try new ones. The flexibility and amount of possibilities are endless, with its dual-class system, skill point allocation and infinite inventory combinations. And there are two more classes coming soon to continue the endless experimentation.The story is interesting enough and the world is dark and gritty, unlike other well-known arpgs that seem almost childlike. The music and sound effects generally reflect and complement this ambiance. More comprehensive voice acting would be a plus, but most of the characters who are voiced, are done well. It's a huge world you can get lost in - the attention to detail is exquisite and crafted with care.While a playthrough of the campaign might go for 100 hours for some, the amount of side quests and challenge dungeons can keep others (such as myself) locked in for another 100 on top of that, searching for epic/legendary loot and build perfection. Yes, there is an element of inventory fatigue present, but with a ruthless approach and only rare and above items assessed a player can save some time.The gameplay and fighting is addictive, with so many zombies and monsters to slaughter. Bosses generally present a good challenge where potions, resistances etc often need to be considered. The controls are intuitive to learn and have never encumbered my play style. It's a blend of fast and slow paced action which just works. While the centrepiece for me might be the builds and skill progression, this combined with the captivating world and story, nice graphics (for an old game engine) and fun and addictive gameplay make this the best arpg I have played. Reasonably priced with a hard-working and committed team of developers.The only suggestions I could make would be: having character physical appearance customisation (although this is countered somewhat by customising with armour), voice acting added to basically all npc interactions and possibly less loot. None of these are major issues at all, however, and with an upcoming expansion it will be interesting to see how much more is added to the game, apart from the two new classes - which is a huge bonus as it is!"
76561197982989481,Recommended,219990,8715968,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Addicted to Sadness,exelent hack and slash rpg game !!!!! its from the creators of titan quest but with more dark atmosphere. I recomend it absolutely for fans of this kind of style games ~~~
76561198042091362,Recommended,219990,8894359,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Wrek N9ne,"Great old school RPG. Only played it an hour currently but it has grabbed my attention. Smooth combat, smooth performance, interesting storie and a decent variety in monsters. Looking forward to seeing how this game will progress through its development stage."
76561198088435380,Recommended,219990,15229453,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DEVIL_CHILD_JK,fun game lots of builds nice items decent map size..d3 should of be this.. cant wait for full version
76561198015579684,Recommended,219990,15264755,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,InsomniacToo,"Good game. Well made. If you enjoy arpg's like Diablo 1-2 and Titan Quest, then this is the game for you!It is is early access atm, but don't let that stop you."
,Recommended,219990,22874407,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Cohias,"This game is hands down the best ARPG I've ever played, combat feels impactful with excellent sound design, build diversity is very forgiving for casual players and for tryhard players the devotion system is very complex and rewarding."
76561197971330649,Recommended,219990,23265788,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Doobie Keebler,"Good follow up to Titan Quest.  I like the customization, and it has a good storyline.  The only part that bothers me is the ending... very anticlimactic."
76561198120398414,Recommended,219990,23441044,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,OneHoffAKind,amazing hack and slash rpg
76561198051648620,Recommended,219990,34122920,Posted: 9 August,all,ljbsch2002,"One of the better ARPG I've played in a while.Long time Diablo franchise fan, and I must say I love Grimdawn even more !Well done Crate"
,Recommended,219990,10649520,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,«Hound»,"Absolutely grrrreat game. If you are Titan quest fan, u gonna love Grim dawn..."
76561198070849559,Recommended,219990,9274205,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,-=|BoBo|=-,If you liked Diablo 2 but not too keen on Diablo 3? This is what Diablo 3 was meant to be. This game is going to be very popular with the loot junkies and hack 'n' slash fans.
76561198044320923,Recommended,219990,9406806,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Wamoua,it's a very good game and fun more than wow or aion
,Recommended,219990,9411993,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Mentalalpha,Its really fun but................supporting German language PLEASE.*UPDATE*Very Good Game . ! Reminds me on TQ.Interessting Skills.Sometimes i wish that the Gameplay is a lill faster.
,Recommended,219990,15073138,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Roachy,"Great fun, quite hard, puts your mind to work"
,Recommended,219990,22988595,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,lordzuess,Awesome game!
,Recommended,219990,33533462,Posted: 14 July,all,LewkForce,"At the time of writing this, I only have about 45 minutes of gameplay, but I INSTANTLY recognized the similarities to Titan Quest. As a matter of fact, I was convinced this was developed and produced by THQ and Iron Lore. So much so, that it's scary. The art style, gameplay, and mechanics are all exactly the same. I seriously booted up Titan Quest immediately after and my jaw dropped. Grim Dawn is Titan Quest 2.0.Let me repeat that, for you ARPG fans like me - Titan Quest 2.0.It's the deep lore you've craved. The familiar feel as well. And the maneuverable camera. The ""less-of-a-history-lesson"" plot.I have thousands of hours in a few of my games. This is going to be the next."
76561198013133507,Recommended,219990,9349296,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Technakill,"I was a huge fan of titan quest, and i enjoy arpgs. Crate has done a good job with this so far. I would like to see an improvement with graphics but can only ask so much from a small team of hardworking devs. Act2 is finally out and i ahve yet to play it thro. Soon with a complete verion later this year im sure it will go on sale. If you enjoyed Titan Quest then you will enjoy Grim Dawn they have kept all the same elements but are just taking their time to produce a quality product that works. [Immortal Throne] so if you need something dark and diablo-esk to play and Torchlight is to bright then this is your game!"
,Recommended,219990,9542298,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,delukz,"Excellent, fits right up there with games like Diablo and Path of Exile."
76561198046104319,Recommended,219990,10959375,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,smelly tank,"So far, it's like a revamped Diablo, but more like the first in tone & like the second in mechanics."
,Recommended,219990,14874040,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Pretentieux,"It's good.  Real good.  They seem to have thought of everything.  If you thought Titan Quest was alright but a little slow and clunky, that is not an issue here.  Around 15 hours in at the time of writing this & I wouldn't know this was Early Access if I hadn't already read that it was."
76561198041175510,Recommended,219990,15061760,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,KloseRanger,Great game for being early access! cant wait to see the finished product.
,Recommended,219990,15081273,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,SynicHEX,"Its my new addiction. I'm worried that i will become one of those people that has their groceries delivered. 34.5 hours in and I got it less than 5 days ago and i have a full time job. Its like the Devs read my mind and made what is the perfect arpg.Update. Figured I would provide some details now that i've played it for a bit longer.Its the perfect ARPG I think. It has a bunch of little features i love like loot filters, ability to move characters, point refund system that isn't terrible(I'm looking at you path of exile). The champion mobs are super fun to kill. I love that veteran mode is actually rewarding with the extra loot. Drop rates in this game are perfect i think. I feel like i will eventually get the items i want. The build diversity is there and itsn't purely gear dependent. You can wear yellows and still be effective. Skill is a big factor and there is no desync.I could keep going... ok i will but just for a bit. The environment and destructible pathways feel crafted with care and perfection. not random generated generic forgettable areas. The physics of bodies just flying when you hit them. Crafting is actually useful which is crazy because i don't remember a game where it was. Ok i'll just leave it at that."
76561198054580455,Recommended,219990,23003076,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[Bridge]The Great Cornholio,Kill the non-beleiver.
,Recommended,219990,23291211,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Old Smeg,"It’s been a long road for Grim Dawn in its travels to full release from its Kickstarter debut nearly four years ago and my, has it been enjoyable. Looking at my Steam account, I have just a hair under 50 hours clocked since buying it.Grim Dawn is the first game to come from Crate Entertainment, but make no mistake, this is not some amateur dev team. Founded by Arthur Bruno (the mastermind behind Titan Quest) and created from the ashes of Iron Lore Entertainment, Crate have taken the Titan Quest formula, updated it for 2016, prayed heavily to the Old Gods for influence, and delivered a Lovecraft-themed ARPG that’s of a calibre that we simply don’t see anymore. Make no mistake; Grim Dawn is a game, not a theorycrafting playground as so many ARPGs seem to be as of late. There is a beginning and an end; and that’s a good thing.It’s no surprise, really, that we’d get a new-age game with a decidedly old-school feel. Crate’s roster reads as a sort of who’s who of classic ARPG and Dungeon Crawler devs. Only, here, there’s an overwhelming wealth of story that’s been written into the game—an unusual addition for a lootgrind kind of game. And this, I feel, is what allows Grim Dawn to truly shine. Unlike so many other ARPGS, which focus on creating a playground for character builds, rather than an adventure for a player, Grim Dawn focuses heavily on its bleak and beautifully crafted world. With the story taking place shortly after the start of the apocalypse brought on by the crazies (Aetherial possessions) and the summoning of hordes of Ch’Thonian demons by end-times cultists who serve the game’s equivalent of The Great Old Ones, Grim Dawn drops the player into a world that is already beyond saving.Even the player character starts the game in the gallows with the folks of Devil’s Crossing (a makeshift shelter in a prison), attempting to destroy the Aetherial that has possessed him or her (Spoiler Alert: Being Aethertouched makes you awesome). So begins your desperate struggle to make the lives of those around you but a little more bearable, while attempting to piece together what actually happened to the world of Cairn. Interestingly, though, this story isn’t forced on the player and is instead told primarily through notes and books that must be sought out, meaning players that want to just get on with the ham-smashing can do so in peace.And when it comes to smiting the wicked, the game has done an excellent job of providing options without muddying up the experience. Each of the classes: Soldier, Nightblade, Shaman, Demolitionist, Arcanist, and Ocultist, can be mixed with any one other to provide a wealth of cross-class opportunities, and unlike other games to do this (including Titan Quest, from which the idea was borrowed), there’s an incredible amount of support for the various builds through the game’s itemization. Beyond this, the game’s Devotion system, which allows points earned from restoring sacred shrines to be invested in star sign constellations, allows for further character development, specialization, and stop-gappage in struggling character builds.There’s a huge amount of attention that’s been paid to giving players control over their characters and creating a genuine sense of cause and effect in the game’s decisions. Sometimes it can mean the death of innocents, or a betrayal from within, or even a quicker route through the game’s story, but choices always have an impact.This notion of cause and effect is perhaps best represented through the game’s reputation system. Positive reputation with factions unlocks increasingly more powerful loot and item modifications from vendors, in addition to the usual shop discounts. Negative reputation on the other hand, increases enemy spawns, hero spawns, and eventually causes the dreaded Nemesis spawns—one of Grim Dawn’s forms of endgame content. Oh, and some of the factions are mutually exclusive, so choose wisely.The inclusion of a Veteran Mode for advanced players adds more challenge and life for those of us seeking more of a tactile and tactical experience beyond the mindless smashing and slashing. Of course, Hardcore Mode is also on offer, changing the focus of the game from hack ‘n’ slash into a more methodical, defensively-minded experience—just ask my lvl 84 Blademaster, the 17th of his line.With the recent update of many of the game’s visuals to even further sell the story through the environment, and a bewitchingly fitting soundtrack, Grim Dawn is one of the easiest ARPGs to recommend in recent years. It’s every bit as beautiful to behold and fun to play as it is sombre and brutally difficult. If it weren’t for the occasional desync issues in multiplayer (an issue I expect will get some love post-launch), Grim Dawn, with all its story and diversity of supported playstyles (in addition to its full mod support) would be just about the perfect A-to-B ARPG."
,Recommended,219990,23442907,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,IvanToTo,"Spiritual succesor of Titan Quest, supuer duper devs. Love the game"
,Recommended,219990,8928366,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Vordar,"Just got this game, after hearing about it, I have been a long time TQ fan so I thought about give this a try. The game is quite fun, the challenge is up to par and I did not encounter any bugs at all. So I recommend it and eagerly await for more content, keep up the good work guys!"
,Recommended,219990,9139456,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,danfu777,"It's the sequel to Diablo 2 that I've always wanted, except it's in a dark, gritty post apocalyptic universe. I am eagerly awaiting the next two acts."
76561198231311152,Recommended,219990,16473475,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,shinryuu.naga12,I just got the game early this morning and...ABRAKADABRA! ITS AWESOME! :DDDDD!
76561197974085922,Recommended,219990,16626026,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Khorne,"Did you play Titan Quest?  Did you like it?  If so, you'll like this.  But the game seems a little dated compared to something like Diablo III.  There aren't any movement abilities, which is weird."
,Recommended,219990,22883106,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Dead Cruiser,10/10 arpg
76561198047269124,Recommended,219990,23950602,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Cuppiocaek,Imagine if Titan Quest was high on crack and extremely depressed.Then it got given $100000 to do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ it wanted.So it bought more crack and got more depressed.That is Grim Dawn.Its pretty ♥♥♥♥ing cool
76561198039026688,Recommended,219990,24010851,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Max Hereticus,ARPG love it.. now I need to finish it!
76561198323414307,Recommended,219990,25352821,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ahairyhamburger,"brilliant game!100% recomend this title, plenty to do and see and very looty..9/10 for me this :)"
76561198068950704,Recommended,219990,21446455,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,nkt - stable retard,"tl;dr: A great game for anyone who feels disappointed after playing Diablo 3A game with a different design than normal hack and slash. To fully enjoy the game, it requires you to read the game guide, as some mechanics are unique and different than common games.The interface, gameplay is not as flashy as some AAA titles, but it is nevertheless well done."
,Recommended,219990,33002200,Posted: 29 June,all,Sidders1943,"Its a pretty good ARPG, though the framerate does stutter from time to time."
,Recommended,219990,7851423,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,GamerBKL,"For the fan of any quality hack and slash loot RPG, like Torchlight, Diablo II, and Titan Quest. Not for those who think DIablo III, or Path of Exile are actually good."
,Recommended,219990,16625518,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[40-1]HandsomeJack,"If you like Titan Quest, you will like this...Looks like the devs. took over where Titan Quest left when THQ closed.I would call this the successor to Titan Quest..."
76561198068065140,Recommended,219990,25256473,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mordeth Kai,"In celebration of Grimm Dawns Birthday I am giving it a proper review.Grimm Dawn is an ARPG that does quite a bit to distinguish itself in the genre. It is challenging, rewards intelligent play, and allows a considerable amount of flexibility.  It's best to discuss it piece by piece.Dual Classing:This was something the developers introduced with Titan Quest and have brought into Grimm Dawn. Each class is solid on its own and dual classing is optional, but dual classing allows a much broader variety of build options and a lot of room for experimentation. This also adds a lot of replayability to the game. In addition to dual classing there are also a devotion points acquired by shrines that allow players to further customize their builds with specialized bonus's.Difficulty:Not every build is viable, not all class combinations are equal, but make no mistake, the game is tightly balanced. When leveling up placing points into class level (not the skills) increases all the stats on a character, in addition there is one stat point per level which gives 3 points to a specific stat. While progressing through the game, if you put too many points into the class level you won't have any powerful skills to employ and that can make progress more difficult in spite of being generally stronger. Conversely, putting too many points in skills and very few into class levels will leave the character having difficulty equipping gear and lower health and energy pools and regeneration leaving the character frail and easily killed. The best part about this is that players can tailor their experience with this balance. One of my favorite builds was a glass cannon saboteur that killed fast and died fast resulting in a very fast paced play style that was as difficult as it was rewarding.TL/DR: The game is challenging and won't hold your hand, it is well balanced and flexible.Combat:The combat can be slow or quick depending on your build, and if in multiplayer, your team. The enemy AI is good but doesn't do anything particularly impressive, most of the challenge comes from mob composition. Some builds will reward strategic thinking more than others, but assessing a situation quickly and prioritizing targets is more often than not strongly encouraged and rewarded.Crafting:The crafting and upgrading mechanics are extensive and are only hampered by a very limited inventory system. Weapons, armor, accessories, set items, and top gear can all be crafted if you are lucky enough to find the recipe for them. Almost all of the crafting materials can be used to upgrade equipment, and many have other uses like unlocking shrines. There are no crafting levels so no grind beyond acquiring materials and recipes. The crafting mechanics are quick, easy, and extensive.Player Choice:Throughout the game there are tons of choices to be made that have mostly minor consequences. These choices are not on par with CRPG's like the original Fallout 1&2 or BG but it is a lot more than is standard for ARPGs. You can align yourself with most factions, each with its own rewards, in some cases choices determine who lives or dies, but you won't alter the overarching story. The choices become most obvious, and amusing, half way in while playing multiplayer and you discover that your teammates are divided between two major factions in the middle of a war and have to fight both sides separately.Loot:The loot system is also extensive with monster infrequents, material collection, and certain gear only dropping from certain enemies or bosses. Loot drops are frequent, good loot is not. There is no magic find stat, which means all players can focus on being good in combat instead of trying to be lucky charms. The loot can be exclusive to each player or shared depending on the hosts settings in multiplayer and players can filter game searches by loot mechanics, either way, players can still trade amongst themselves.Open World:The open world is vast with a lot of optional and interesting content. It is not randomly generated but it is large enough to keep things interesting. Some areas are blocked off until players have progressed far enough in the story, but there are also huge sections hidden away. A lot of the map exploration will occur for bounty hunts and shrines, but simply wandering around to explore is itself rewarding.Setting:The setting is lovecraftian post apocalyptic with victorian aesthetics. Guns and crossbows are the primary ranged weapons, alchemy is science, and insane cultists perform dark rituals. It is grimdark with blood and death everywhere and humanity struggling on the brink of extinction. There are no rainbows or unicorns.Ultimately the game is awesome and an excellent value for the price. If you enjoyed Diablo 1&2 back in the day but felt Diablo 3 was too much 4kids or too much WoW then look no further.**Original Review**Everything Diablo 3 failed at done right and then some."
,Recommended,219990,21550846,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Andri,.
,Recommended,219990,21447710,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Spooky Shmoogy™,The game diablo 3 wanted to be
76561197968847284,Recommended,219990,17028499,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Massiv Igel,"Edit:I changeg my review to positiv. Jist after i posted the devs responded .Very nice . And they could help me with the problem. Very fast and effective, keep up the good worl_________________________________________________________________________________This game is awsome BUT it is not possible to play online after a while you cannot join your frinds server anymore .... total ♥♥♥♥ :(Why do devs use port forwarding and stuff like that . there are gaming ports on ALL routers in the world which are open why use other ones ? whyyyyyyyy"
,Recommended,219990,19186886,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ClassicVinyl,"Best ARPG/hack and slash I have ever played.Some of the team that made Titan Quest another great game in it's own right.Small team with a vision that pulled it off.I have a lvl 35 combo class build and a new lvl 37 straight one class build like them both.Lot's of loot, different ways to customize stuff, some crafting, faction rep and rewards.Can't wait til they finish it."
,Recommended,219990,10134365,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,The Decider,"It's kind of like Diablo 2.5Stats are a tad simplified, but not quite as dumbed down as Diablo 3. Gameplay is nice and smooth, like a better PoE.It's got a nice feel to it and the classes work like Titan Quest where you can Pick one at the beginning and spec into a second class later on to create a nice mix and several different combinations."
,Recommended,219990,14494606,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,madSimon,"Best Early Access experience I've had. Blend of Titan Quest and Diablo. Pick two classes to take skills from, with a skill tree that's far less complex than Path of Exile."
76561198068236524,Recommended,219990,24663878,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Gruff,I kill stuff.I level up.I kill more stuff.I follow some slightly boring story.I kill stuff because the story is boring.Some stuff kills me.Eventually I grow bored of the repitition.I stop killing stuff.This is frankly a Diablo 1/2 rip off. It's actually a decent game and I did enjoy it. Will probably return to it at some point and actually finish a complete story play through. If you see it on sale (like at the time of writing this) then it's worth buying if you enjoy this type of game.
76561198088725096,Recommended,219990,24677006,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Edkilla,A modern day Diablo 2!!!
,Recommended,219990,24662504,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Laces G,very fun game reminds me of D2.. very fun RPG highly recommend buying it..
,Recommended,219990,20550360,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,blight0r,"Was grim, as advertised.10/10 - Would write a stupid review again."
,Recommended,219990,21750020,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,funny bunny,Grim Dawn
,Recommended,219990,19837989,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Jedzenie,"Let me get the two cons of this game out of the way first, because there has been plenty of praise for the game. Everything here is written to the last early access build before release (B28).Con: There is quite an investment of time and levels before a lot of character builds really shine. Sometimes you'll be using the same boring attack pattern for 5-10 levels as you grind up to your envisioned approached. For example I didn't hugely like my first character until ~20 hours in, which is quite a sink.Con: The zone and area variety is a bit dull. Yes it's post apocalyptic, but some color and uniqueness would have been nice. The easy comparison is Titan Quest, which had absolutely beautiful and memorable zones compared to Grim Dawn.Having said all that, this game is otherwise the best ARPG in years. To anyone who was a teenager during the Diablo 2 era this game will take you right back to that. 3am nights, beautiful responsive combat, tons of builds and skills, etc."
76561197963319095,Recommended,219990,19023051,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,stealthassassin,"great game, constant updates. if you liked diablo2, torchlight and like d3 and poe then go for it."
,Recommended,219990,23772352,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lanius,Titan Quest meets H.P. LovecraftReally entertaining game (even more than TQ)Definitely recommend
76561198050249102,Recommended,219990,8226212,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,teking66,"First up, being an alpha build, I was a little surprised at how polished the game already feels. Having played the gamea little more than 50 hours now, I have only expierenced maybe three crashes, so it seems stable, at least no less than most games I've played recently. Game play is enjoyable and engaging, and the storyline is cool enough. Personally, I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Diablo, Path of Exile and similar games. And, I must say that I am looking forward to the finished product."
76561198070201270,Recommended,219990,8583309,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,drumscape,"I have been playing games since right before God was born.... Yep... just plain old text, no GUI. Games took a personal investment back then in the form of using ones own imagination to make the games come alive, as it were. Given that and that I have seen them all come and go: I can say with the utmost honesty and certainty Grim Dawn has everything one could hope for in a game. Simply put: it is on it's way to becoming one of the most beautiful and playable games I have seen in a longtime and despite a chronic lack of cash in my life, I feel really good contributing to what is, so far, one of the ""funnest"" and best looking games I have had the pleasure of playing. Check it out, you will like it if you know your head from your A**. If not, may I suggest a human anatomy class...Josh"
76561197993841079,Recommended,219990,22887592,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Jakely,Purchased this game early access and decided to check out the finished product. Definite thumbs up.
76561198027299518,Recommended,219990,13977306,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,phlix,"Liking this so far. Really nice graphics, interesting atmosphere. It's a Diablo 3 clone, no doubt about that, though some things a done better, some are done worse. Items need some tweaking, as I find myself trotting through 1000s of magic items that are all more or less useless. Only once in a while I find something that alters my stats by 1 point, never really giving that ""oomph""-feeling brandishing a new weapon should give you. As it is seen in the older Diablo games.The many trinkets you are able to add to all your items make for some interesting tweaks, but still somehow feels underpowered.But besides that, it's a great game, and i can't wait to waste some more time with it, when more chapters are released."
76561197999507602,Recommended,219990,23946475,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,|¢к| Lily,"My Starbucks barista told me it was past closing and I have to leave the cafe. Then she saw that I was playing Grim Dawn upon which she got changed, pulled out her laptop, and joined my party for three hours =D"
76561198008640189,Recommended,219990,8191614,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,HellfireTD,"Very fun game, if you liked Titan Quest, or Diablo 1-2, Path of Exile, ect arpgs....Typical monster hordes, tons of loot, and skill trees.Pretty much its Titan Quest in a Diablo world instead of greak myth, which is sweet.For what they have done so far it very good, and will only get better. Even though it is early access, the 1st act is still very long, take you awhile, and even when done with it there is areas to go back to to lvl up some more."
76561198064918062,Recommended,219990,9460724,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,lwb0738,"Good game very short though i was able to get through the whole game in two gaming sessions. Good replay value in it, however the game will need to be alot longer to really attract more people."
,Recommended,219990,7852421,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,CosmicHobo,"Grim Dawn is an excellently made game. If you like Titan Quest you'd love this game. If you didn't really like Titan Quest, you may still really enjoy this game. The art direction and musical really capture the apocalypse that has transpired before the begining of the game. It doesn't feel half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at all which several games made by small teams feel like (not to say that they are, but sometimes inexperience can seem that way even if there is passion for what they are doing.). Speaking of passion you can tell the small dev team behind this game are very passionate about this project. In the begining a little tool tip will pop up and tell you about the games progress (first time only, don't worry!) and that they thank you for supporting them. All in all this game does NOT feel unfinished. I currently have several hours in this game and have had ZERO crashes, even when another windows process (DAMN THOSE THINGS) forcibly minimizes my game to tell me of some random♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesn't mean anything to me. I can't say the same for a certain game by a much larger studio... Battlefield 4 this is looking at you... So to sus up my review in case you cannot be bothered to read through all that.Graphics : Not crude, very well designed, can occasionally walk through a chair, or some terrain. The art direction really captures the despair, and the atmosphere and weather also reinforce the dreary mood.Sound : Weapon sounds are not lacking, although I could stand to have a little more meat there, this is by no means a draw back. Really solid sound design from the weather, groans of the enemies and such.Music : Captures the sadness and mood of the game perfectly. Maybe a little repetitve, but I didn't really notice it, and it didn't annoy me.Controls : Mouse and keyboard are solid as can be. The controls are responsive and I haven't had any issues related to controls (or anything really) interupting my game.Overall : If Diablo and Fallout had a baby, and ran it in an improved TQ engine it would be Grim Dawn. A fantastic game, and superbly done so far. Really, just take a moment and enjoy this game. Yes it is more expensive than Titan Quest is right now, and the game is only about 1/3rd of the way finished, butt you'll still get your money's worth out of it. I have almost 12 hours (and counting) so far I am really feeling like I have gotten my money's worth. If I had to do it again, I would definitly do it. Without a second thought. I whole heartedly reccomend this game to you, and sincerely hope you enjoy it as much as I am."
76561198053395000,Recommended,219990,9240903,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,TWORODS ||,The game plays very will and graphics are pretty dang good so i would give this game 1 to 10 1 being really bad and 10 being really good i would give it a 9 and when battling its really cool
76561198066399516,Recommended,219990,10199792,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Minuette,Its a great time and well worth playing.
76561198061621934,Recommended,219990,10480973,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Kark,Great game if you like titan quest and torchlight or just a open world looting game. and its even early acces and i think its a greats game! try it out.
76561198068892462,Recommended,219990,8381074,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,4c1d73s7,"Farm, farm, farm))) And for serious in my opion this is cool arpg with nice, skills tree many classes and set items."
,Recommended,219990,9418928,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,FAArscape,:D
76561197997898282,Recommended,219990,8566701,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mr. Buster,This game kind of reminds me of Titan Quest.  It has the same feel.  I am currently just playing the beta and have beaten the farthest section I can.  I can see myself putting some time into the full version.  The levels are a bit LENGTHY
,Recommended,219990,28592275,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kamen Rider Aile,"one of the best ARPGs out today.with constant release of updates, it keeps on getting better and better. :)from optimizations and bug fixes to rougelike dungeon updates and DLC.more power to you guys, hope you can surprise us more. :)"
76561198123458228,Recommended,219990,30635729,Posted: 20 March,all,RIEDEN,Best ARPG game in 2016What? that's not enough for you?Fine!! go and play your Diablo 3 fanboy ;)
76561198090130011,Recommended,219990,23976126,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,100KD,"Land mines, Land mines everywhere."
76561198013491088,Recommended,219990,33191913,Posted: 3 July,all,Donalds Trumpis,addictivetoo slow
,Recommended,219990,28776111,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Brainfeeder,If you like Diablo but don't like cancer get Grim Dawn.
,Recommended,219990,17517353,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,da real slipp n crunch,dis game is butter
,Recommended,219990,24525989,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Y0ungy,i can't stop playing :)
76561198070739789,Recommended,219990,21475256,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Shef,Definetly get this game if you are looking for a good & complex action rpg !
76561197986473173,Recommended,219990,21594186,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,RottenOranges,When I first started playing Grim Dawn I was like...Meh. Little did I know I would have spent 8 hours straight playing this. DAMN YOU GRIM DAWN!
76561198042092406,Recommended,219990,21847703,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Tanzy,"Fun game. If you like diablo-esk games, this one is a great game for you.It has that great feel of diablo, but its own unique character development system and game atmosphere. This game will give you that fix you need, with a whole new flavor of its own.I have 3 level 50 characters, and just finally unlocked elite gameplay last night.I will Delve into online multiplayer soon."
,Recommended,219990,21745099,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Rayden☆✪,Hell yeah!
,Recommended,219990,25025822,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Dockr,If your dad had played this game before you were born you wouldn't be such a ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,219990,28625802,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Darth Reaver,Game is good. Better Diablo.
,Recommended,219990,33195704,Posted: 3 July,all,Emily from Korea,alright
76561197970931755,Recommended,219990,33451249,Posted: 11 July,all,owl99,Great game great fun awesome classes.
,Recommended,219990,18577178,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Arcane Blades,"So far...and I generally hate the idea of early access...this game is a lot of fun. There are things I think they could do to make it better. It's a suprisingly larger game than it looks like so far which is good...and it's not even finished. I like the classes but some things are a bit odd. I for example don't see the need for guns in the game at all; if I recall right there are one or maybe two skills that can be used with it but I don't even think they are dependant on using a gun...it's like a pistol or one hander or a rifle or a two hander....I believe.There are a few odd things with equiptment that become quite involved after a while... stats can give you more dmg at one point for example than at another point say +10% electrical dmg will trump the stats or vice versa....I've spent countless hours in front of the vendor or my inventory trying to figure out what will work best...in the end it's put on this item look at my main skill and see if it gets boosted or not...a little or annoying due to time consumption...or me just being lazy...not sure which yet...To be honest it doesn't bug me all that much until I've noticed I've spent 30 minutes playing with equiptment....maybe that's a sign of a good game though...Complaints? I don't really have any serious ones...I would say some changes I would like to see and think would make the game more fun for me...1. Cosmetic gear slots would be great! I get some awesome looking armor and weapons that well...just suck compared to the rare gear my character is wearing. I would love to be able to wear my flaming shoulders, flaming boots and flaming mace...just for cosmetic effects...hope they do add that.2. Difficulty levels. I wish they would add one or two more difficulty levels. I don't like the idea of dying and my character is gone but I do wish I could make the game a little harder at times.3. Dual classing imo has a bit of an issue... at least at level 30 (I've played all classes to around that lvl) unless you go all in on one class you sort of seem to gimp yourself or get skills you don't really need with the exception of the Shaman...the Shaman has a life regen skill you can pick up pretty early and seems to go well with every class... I keep finding myself going back to Shaman as a dual class....The thing that bugs me I guess is that you can dual class at lvl 10 but even at lvl 30 I don't see a true benefit to using one...at all. You are better off maxing out 2 main skills in your original tree...just imo anyway. In another 20 lvls I could see everything changing...not positive though...4. I'd like to see even more classes...more classes always good imo and I just hate playing a game without a pure necromancer hehe my problem not the games problem.5. More storage in the shared stash...yes they give you quite a bit...I'm still a hoarder when it comes to gear....single player game doesn't hurt to allow players unlimited storage imo.---------------That being said this game is a lot of fun...taking up my time, I look forward to playing and it's fun and fast paced enough to hold my attention. A lot of games have let me down latley but this one has been a nice surpise. I can't wait to see what the finished product looks like...so far it's been fun finished or not. I would recommend buying the game even while it's early access. Looks good, controls feel good, spells and skills feel good when they hit...pets might be a bit OP lol...but still fun.UPDATE: Months later I keep finding myself coming back to this game. I love this game it is excellent. Today is it's official release... there are a few bugs... had some crahing that drove us nuts in co-op but this game is a blast... can't say enough good things about it... worth the money easily...buying it is a no brainer..So much has changed since I first wrote my initial review that it is actually irrelevent today. I will probably remove the above text soon. Crate is a company I have much respect for... they listened to the community and they made a great game... you can tell it was a labor of love... it shows in the game play. I would easily pay $40 for this title easily...The game was VERY difficult in early release... they made it a bit easier in many aspects... for once imo that's a good thing.. it was frustratingly difficult at times... now when starting on normal it seems to be too easy....just wait... make it your goal to hit ultimate, get your factions up and get hated by other factions... end game is 100% awesome imo.... some mobs especially nemesis mobs are HARD AS HELL! It's a blast... last night I had to run myself and my six permenant pets away from a life tapping mob I spent 30 minutes trying to kill to no avail! Yeah... you had to be there... I got destroyed a couple times... can't wait to come up with a new tactic and try again. blah blah blah... fun stuff."
76561198043951690,Recommended,219990,21527557,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,jstforfun007,Best ARPG Ever made #TrumpTrain
,Recommended,219990,18595050,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Vatolicious,"At the time of writing this I have about 60 hours played, over the course of a few years.Using the old Golie Locks story, If we compare Diablo 3, Path of Exile and Grim dawn:I would say Diablo 3 is too simple, and too easy. Little depth or freedomPath of Exile is perhaps too complex, and a bit too hard. With punishing EXP Loss. TONS of depth, and the freedom to completly ruin a character and make it unplayable.And then theres Grim Dawn which is just right. With Veteran difficulty enabled its a good challenge. Even in death you're allowed to retrieve your exp which prevents total stagnation. The depth and customization is modarate. Not crazy but with many fun possibilities. If you ruin your character, simply refund the points you've spent in your tree.Cons: (May be fixed as development goes on)Clunky AIAreas can be hard to navigatePoor MapMediocre animationsNo Voice OversLow Loot VarietyWith approx 400 hours in D3 and well over 1000 in PoE I must say so far Grim Dawn is a great middle ground between the two.  And I look forward to playing more and seeing what else they update the game with."
76561198002534469,Recommended,219990,33810253,Posted: 26 July,all,Vieze Man,its alright
76561197990383892,Recommended,219990,27000599,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fenrah,"Did you like Titan Quest? Path of Exile a little too much of a mess?Grim Dawn might be your thing. It's a dark, post-apocalyptic cowboy-times ARPG with a ton of loot and Dual-classing. Solid stuff, and it's nice to see guns for a change. The style is great. There's a couple of nagging little problems, the end game could use a lot of work, but it's still a lot better than the other options in the genre and worth the price."
,Recommended,219990,21828337,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,SnakeInABong,Grim dawn run into pack of monsters smash them for ten batter up ten outa ten
76561198032693821,Recommended,219990,24376374,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Brian Fantana,Its great
,Recommended,219990,29214614,Posted: 12 January,all,queefwizard,"Had such a good time with this game. It's super grindy and there is a ton of loot, plus the dual class system is awesome. I went with a pure melee damage build and had a wonderful time just running around bashing monsters.The different regions of the game are super distinct and interesting, and the overall tone of the game is spot on - basically the world is ending and it's super dark and GRIM. The bosses are pretty great and the giant loot explosions after you beat them are super fun. I mean sometimes the screen is just covered in fancy new stuff to kill monsters with.Campaign is pretty long and would be great to replay with a totally different character. Half the fun is just planning out what you're going to max out next. Was a great game to play after work with a beer, especially if you've got someone to play co-op with."
76561197979218925,Recommended,219990,33125113,Posted: 2 July,all,Slick,Love it
,Recommended,219990,25019316,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,franzjager,"Grim Dawn is everything you would expect from an action RPG type game.Pros:LEWT!Monsters with teeth, lots of teeth (remember to save them, you will need 'em for later)!Moar lewt!MORE MONSTERS! Hmm or .. what ever that is?Even more lewts.Leeeeerrroooooy -> lewtIt's done just right!Cons:Too much lewt?*Mic drop*"
76561198122820930,Recommended,219990,20726814,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lim,7.8/10
76561198041799055,Recommended,219990,33820045,Posted: 26 July,all,NetherNexusX,"A amazing game, highly reccomend if you like ARPGs."
76561197996663934,Recommended,219990,23420872,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Reaper.Raikiri,Great game.
76561198038552111,Recommended,219990,30820154,Posted: 29 March,all,Phruler,Good game
,Recommended,219990,31977121,Posted: 26 May,all,Laid,"Grim Dawn is a lovely made ARPG. Tons of items to loot. Tons of class variations to play.A beautiful world to explore. Technically really well done.The only downside with this game is that it feels way too restraining. The world scales withyou to a cap and after that drops are nerfed. Skills and opponents are designed in a waythat it is very hard to ovewhelm your opponents. I often ended up in situations where Ifelt a loss in power but I didn't even progress in the game.Check it out if you like ARPGs, but it has some issues.PS: If you come from PoE, this game is much slower paced."
,Recommended,219990,21721223,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Forged,"I never write reveiws for games. But Grim Dawn is just so well done it deserves. Coming from a studio that just wanted to make an ARPG that has DEPTH with a sound and art style currently abscent in the genre. This is how ARPG's should be done, for i game i can basically play one handed i do not feel underwhelmed in the slightest. Truthly ive been burnt out on this genre for a while now since i was so dissapointed with a vertain AAA title. This game is a must buy."
76561198045666088,Recommended,219990,21721917,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,BaldirCrowseyes,"So, just got done with the Normal campaign, and thought I'd leave my thoughts on it.For Those Who Might Want To Play: The game has good opening introduction, a constant dark and oppressive atmosphere that matches the tone of the game, lots of lore tidbits for those who like that, that also reward exp for exploration. The class combination that I chose, Occultist/Demolitionist, was very fun, I liked that there were obvious flexibility choices as far as the styles of combat to choose from. I would have preferred access to better firearms/crossbows throughout the game. I felt mostly pidgeon holed into using two handed weapons to get the most damage done, with the best buffs, though what the dps counter showed for the weapons might not be telling the whole story. I wish there could have been a bit more diversity to the boss fights, like hazard events that you would need to interact with or avoid to progress/prevent a wipe. The extreme majority of the bosses were pretty Spank-n'-Tank, the last boss being the only one that I felt it necessary to regularly disengage from for my own good.To The Developers: I would stand by giving the game a 9/10 for general enjoyability. It is not ""rock-star amazing"" like its the best thing ever, but I never once thought in my current 33 hours in, ""Why am I playing this, or wow this is boring."" I love the progression and escalation of the story. My class combo was very fun, very bursty, which kept the pace up instead of difficulty dragging me to a stand still. I would say that I wish there was more content, after the conclusion of act 4. The story feels rushed to a conclusion, or rather that I don't feel satisfied with where our involvement with the story stops. I would happily comment more elaborately on this, but will avoid leaving spoilers for the game here on the Review. Feel free to contact me if you want more feedback."
,Recommended,219990,29780031,Posted: 8 February,all,Princess Mononoke,Masterpiece.
76561198104361263,Recommended,219990,29033164,Posted: 5 January,all,Taddy Mason,"This is definitely the best hack and slash game i've played since diablo 2. Grim Dawn reminds me of Titan Quest in that it allows you to combine any 2 of the 6 (soon to be 8) classes and just like Titan Quest, you can level up your masteries in your 2 classes to unlock more skills. Regardless of what classes you pick, you can further customize you class with extra skills you can get both from the items/weapons you equip as well as the components you can use to augment said items/weapons. With over a dozen equip slots, you can essentially add up to more than 2 dozen additional skills/abilities to use in combat. When you add in the fact that there are 50 devotion points you can get by restoring desecrated shrines around the world and that you can use those points for even MORE customization, this game is amazing and has a ton of depth.I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the hack and slash genre. Considering it has full controller suppport, tons of customization, a wealth of interesting enemies to fight and an engaging story to go along with its incredible gameplay-getting this game is a no brainer. Also, it's incredibly easy to host/join multiplayer games with your friends/anyone else on steam. If you like playing these kinds of games with friends, this is definitely a great one to do it and i'm glad some of my friends got it and played it with me. This game is incredible on your own, and pretty much on par with diablo 2 when playing with friends.(Being able to drop down a portal pretty much anywhere in the game to fast travel right to your friends or back to town to sell your loot is a big plus in my opinion as well.)"
,Recommended,219990,31128038,Posted: 13 April,all,40s & Blunts,"Grim Dawn is a very silly game, but I don't think the game realizes it. As an ARPG it is consistent but obtuse."
,Recommended,219990,21453040,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Painless,If you enjoy ARPG's and lots of loot.  BUY THIS!!Don't think...just buy!!
,Recommended,219990,21469557,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,poisonsoup,fun ARPG
76561198060586973,Recommended,219990,19338015,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,maciora,"If DIablo I and Path of Exile had a baby - this would be their child. The game is some kind of cyber punk fantasy, gothic mixture, with feeling of good old Diablo and nice build complexity of PoE. Graphics are good, world is interesting and big - more is coming later, it is almost complete (prob. this year full release or early next year) and fully playable. It also has great class mechanics and classes that you can mix together, add devotion system and You have unlimited replay value. This is the developer that You should support, give him some $$$ so he can finish this masterpieace, you will not regret..."
76561198061050850,Recommended,219990,34388159,Posted: 20 August,all,Kopi.Imba,9 out of 10.Maybe I will write a detailed review later.
,Recommended,219990,21700600,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Awe,"Although I recommended this ame there are some MAJOR flaws.First off the pros:- Very enjoyable story- Graphics are decent- Character development- Slow Paced, almost relaxing, game play- Some challenge- Enemy/Boss mechanics exist- only 25 bucks- Very big map feelNow onto the cons:- Mouse clicking does not always recognize properly; clicking items and terrains can be more challenging than the game.- Not enough tutorial for newcomers, not welcoming.- The multiplayer and lack of social interaction, like clans/chat- Too many items- No Character do-overs/class reroll optionsNow to some the cons may not seem big but it's insane, at first I thought it was just me, but now I have 3 friends and have seen several streamers deal with the mouse click issue. I wouldn't say these were severe if the game was done in a reasonable amount of time but it's had tons of test time and has somke major issues still. Also, the lack of a character reroll on masteries(even a real money option) is mind blowing. No sane human being will want to replay and try all the classes.Buy this game if you are in the mood for some solo or co-op with close friends RPG fun. It plays very similar to champions of Norath. It is also at a great price point. If you are looking for a faster pace, competitive vibe, play Diablo 3."
76561197964698152,Recommended,219990,29211887,Posted: 12 January,all,Sindriss,"Fantastic atmosphere (art, music, gameplay) and overall an amazing experience."
76561198049427329,Recommended,219990,20669645,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,David,Dark art style similar to Diablo 2 with great character customization.  I have enjoyed the game for the short amount of time I have played and look forward to many more hours on it.
76561198003267822,Recommended,219990,20313577,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Tuomari,"I have to say that Grim Dawn is very good game and i would recommend this for any aRPG / Hack 'n Slash genre fans.I have played grim dawn early access since b22 and i'm really exited for February release.Only negative thing i personally have with this game is that there is no translucent overlay map option like there is in Diablo 2 and PoE.9/10(And yes it doesn't get full 10 just because no translucent overlay map, but to people who dont care about it are sure to have an excellent expirience)"
76561198092173666,Recommended,219990,20652749,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,cptn.Buckles,"With Diablo 3 going sideways, this game stays the true succesor of  D2 ideas and refinement of TQ formula. So if you're a fan of this kind of gameplay, don't hesitate, buy it. Great action + cool visual style, you'll love it."
76561197993360332,Recommended,219990,20680582,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Mediocre,"Great game but final boss is broken. I've been playing these type of hack'n slash games for a long time and found it to be very enjoyable. Alot of depth that kept me interested past first play through. That being said I'm almost 90 hours into a two handed warder melee build and I cant beet Loghorrean (final boss) In elite difficulty (second playthough of three). Level 75, resistances near capped and damage pretty good. I say this based off forum read throughs. Trying to find an edge or tip to at least crall through to the next difficulty. Die 6-10 time get him to %25 health and now every time i die he heals back to %25 health. Half the time can't even reach him with all the collision with his ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amount of endless spawns. When a boss does enough damage to end you quickly there at least should be room to dodge some of his attacks. No he's stationary in a corner surrounded by spawns. The rest of the game isn't that hard but still has its challenges. If you're like me and you get into a game thats all you want to play. Them's the breaks. Hopfully patch changes to this soon."
76561198004524649,Recommended,219990,20421001,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Frazic,"Pick up Soiled Pants-""The previous owner seems to have left a little suprise in the seat of these trousers.""Gain the ability to throw your own Feces at enemies-""Reach into the seat of your pants and pull out something that is sure to alarm your enemies.""No need to go do n°2 againSolid 5/7 S**t throwing simulator"
76561198000092176,Recommended,219990,7778361,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Falcore,"In the spirit of TQ, this game is a satisfying and enjoyable ARPG. I look forward to playing the newer acts as they're released. You might want to wait until the full game is released ( should be around late 2014), but if you're like me and know for sure you're going to buy it, you might as well support the developers so the final product can be better."
,Recommended,219990,23247800,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,IcoN,Basicly a must play ARPG for any fan of that genre
,Recommended,219990,14885997,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Pedro from Peru,liek!
,Recommended,219990,32309545,Posted: 9 June,all,Monsiour Fraise De Bois,woo
76561198022147734,Recommended,219990,8710381,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,million05,"I'm having a lot of fun playing Grim Dawn. I enjoy the dark post apocalyptic atmosphere,and I love how the devs expanded on the Titan Quest engine. I recomend Grim Dawn to anyone who enjoys ARPGs. Keep up the good work Crate entertainment!"
76561198011578939,Recommended,219990,7580561,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,SoulsAtZero,"Awesome game! Looking forward to the finished release.(9-7-14) It just gets better.  Really enjoying this game.(3-9-15) Do you like arpg's? If so, get this game now."
,Recommended,219990,8024648,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Neuntoter,"For Diablo and and Path of Exile fans this is a very fun and enjoyable game. It currently only contains act 1 out of what I do belive will be 4 total acts. The game will grow way bigger and offer more than what it already does (which seems to be a lot). I have not yet tried multiplayer but that would most likely be a blast.The controls are simple and intuitive, the graphics give off some really well done atmosphere. The enemies are well designed and the possible builds are very customizable. Give it a shot, what do you have to lose... ok maybe a lot.. as in a lot of your time from having a blast with this game..."
76561198019088587,Recommended,219990,11240280,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Duezizzle,This is essentially Titan Quest with guns.  It is almost identical in every way. There doesn't even seem to be any updates in gameplay or graphics.
76561198006615255,Recommended,219990,7838349,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Fidasaind,"Grim Dawn is the spiritual successor to Titan Quest. I never played Titan Quest (must have been in the middle of a WoW or DAoC addiction) but have heard all of the praise. Act 1 looks very promising and I'm looking forward to more.For potential early access buyers. Keep in mind this is alpha. It is not finished and there may be bugs or changes by the time it is ready for launch. If you enjoy ARPGs, keep an eye on this game. If you can (and want to) support the developers, the early access has been great so far."
76561198100882147,Recommended,219990,14879521,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Petrenko,Fans of Titanquest and Diablo II should really think about buying it.
,Recommended,219990,23139486,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MacDeth,"Great alternative to get your Diablo 2 fix, but with updated graphics and resolutions."
,Recommended,219990,30638881,Posted: 20 March,all,BillyTheKid,Awesome and worth the purchase for hours and hours of play! I think this is one of the best RPG I have ever played. What a RPG what a wonderful RPG.
76561198017262833,Recommended,219990,8236528,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Fyb3r0pt1k,Had a lot of fun with this. I've been waiting a while since Titan Quest. Looking forward to future development!
76561198042569780,Recommended,219990,11854223,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,gilbertgonz89706,"this game will not run. it says i have to disable norton and some othe programs might cause it to not run.I have already erased the folder it told me to do.This is just a hard game to use, it will not run."
,Recommended,219990,13656221,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Rko Out of nowhere,Cool game only problem is when I play from a diffrent computer but my steam account is the same my character dont exist unless it was created on that computer itself please fix.
76561198016477228,Recommended,219990,34818079,Posted: 8 September,all,Crankage,"This is a dark hack n slash game, and I love it. It's like..... hmm..... What do I compare it to that's equally amazing.........Have you ever paid $5 for a little ""special attention"" at the massage parlor, and then get kicked out and the cops get called on you and you're sitting there going well.... I'm F'd now.... And then a homeless dude walks up and he's all like, whats the problem bro? And you tell him the story, and out of the kindness of his heart, he offers to give you that ""special attention"" for no cost at all? And then he does, and the cops still come and haul you off to jail, but you got what you wanted and you saved $5 at the same time?It's like that.I'd recommend it.- Crankage Games (Developer of Metal as P H U K)"
76561198006577056,Recommended,219990,7986627,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,McDangerously,The game uses the same multiple skill tree system of Titan Quest. The Titan Quest skill system is my favorite of any Loot Based Action RPG. Grim Dawn offers an improved version of that within a Seampunk medieval setting. Even in it's early stage the game is alot of fun if your a fan of the genre and will keep you wanting to play multiple play throughs to combine the different skill trees. In it's completed form ths could quite possibly be the best loot action rpg out there. The potential is that good in my opinion.
76561198039075676,Recommended,219990,8240163,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,PrismShade,Grim Dawn is well polished and fun although more characters are A must being that the warrior is my only choice from my experience with the others. The characters do offer somthing new and many may choose one other then the warrior but i've also yet to choose another class. I'd say it's definitly worth a couple of playthroughs and i've played them all.
,Recommended,219990,12962385,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,voidianpreacher,10/10 would bang postapocalyptic snake women again
76561198179668470,Recommended,219990,24171378,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Slossage,Good
76561198012794158,Recommended,219990,8150674,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Firestar1212,"if you enjoyed Titan Quest and its addon, or loved Diablo 2, this is the game for you"
,Recommended,219990,8182708,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sabersage,"This game reminds me a lot of Diablo. I found it very challanging at times. Expect to die, a lot. Sometimes it can be hard to locate where you are on the screen or where you are going. This is pretty much the norm for any Diablo type games. Stock up on potions and make sure you have it linked to a hot key. Character customization is basic but easy to follow."
76561198120401469,Recommended,219990,8324752,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Berj,"This game rocks, even for Alpha."
76561198007612565,Recommended,219990,8396040,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Belial,Great game I'm looking forwad to the complete game
76561198006408941,Recommended,219990,15262621,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Darkstorm,great game
76561198047243290,Recommended,219990,23132877,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Van Dan,Best ARPG I have ever played. 10/10. Money well spent.
,Recommended,219990,7977725,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Agent N,"after 70+ hours in grim dawn on such a short ""act"", i am pleased to saythat this game has quite the making for something great.  the little detailswhich the developers added are amazing (breakables, weather, shooting down other projectiles especially)yes a few glitches and graphics not top of the line, but so far the ideas, gameplay and thought behind GDis exceptional.  thank you crate & developers."
76561198008173929,Recommended,219990,8556199,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Gocith,Simply awesome.
,Recommended,219990,23791406,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Eleven Bravo,Great game. Its got a interesting feeling inbetween POE and D3 and plays more like D2.
76561198034666131,Recommended,219990,11223128,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Big Q,"Very fun game, Definantly a ripoff that it has been out for so long and isnt finished farther."
76561198052417355,Recommended,219990,8496723,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,stadtaffe,ein sehr schönes und düsteres HACK and SLAY GAME im STILE von TITAN QUEST
76561198169049534,Recommended,219990,17203834,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,-=Mr Arthur=-,yes
76561198048649198,Recommended,219990,7783337,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ghostx16,"The game is great, the story is interesting, the graphics look really good, the gameplay is fun, however I do have an issue with the optimization. The recommended system specs are way lower than they actually are. I have to play at 1920x1080 mid-low-off settings and I still get 25-35fps on Bulldozer 8x3.3GHz, 4GB of RAM and an HD 6850."
76561198080580205,Recommended,219990,8492455,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,GalaxyNET,Excellent.
,Recommended,219990,9413043,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Fiannawolf,"It was worth it at 29.99....so get it now especially since its on sale. Interesting setting, fluid combat, and robust classes and more."
76561197973651215,Recommended,219990,8680078,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Diekruzen,"Even in Alpha this game is What Diablo 3 tried to be.  It is great and I am running max graphics with no issues at all and it looks and feels great already, Can not imagine when the game is fully ready to go, Even with just one act I would say there will be 100's of hours of gameplay trying out the classes and combos.  LOOTS..."
,Recommended,219990,11131230,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,TartanGoregon,pretty much titan quest 2.0
,Recommended,219990,12803781,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Shortie,"Great adventure/mmorpg singleplayer game, lots of fun."
,Recommended,219990,7779341,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Oddity,"Please Note that this game is in ALPHA during the time of this review!Grim Dawn has a lot of awesome features that i am very excited about seeing fufilled. This game is in Alpha currently with only Act 1 available to players, yet the game feels so complete during the first act! Another act should be coming soon in the next month and i am very excited to try it out.This game gives a very similar feel to what i felt back in the days of Diablo 2, which is an awesome thing amist all these other ARPG's trying to grasp that feeling, yet fail to do so. I VERY STRONGLY URGE you to try this game out, its from the guys who made Titan Quest, a game i greatly enjoyed back in 2006-2007.Overall, Great content available to you even tho its in alpha."
76561198015839351,Recommended,219990,8521614,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,AFGHAN,Love this GAMe
,Recommended,219990,30499726,Posted: 13 March,all,sondarious,"Tons of Fun if you like mindless killing, which who doesn't every now and then!"
76561198043562420,Recommended,219990,30567910,Posted: 17 March,all,linuxkernels,Very good game.
76561198043791158,Recommended,219990,24928494,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Tomdoom,Best rpg game ive played in a long time. Difficult but at the same time rewarding gameplay!
76561198014699925,Recommended,219990,24851851,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,[CB] Chaz [ES[RP]],"56 hours in, so far this game is everything i hoped it could be, and more. I am constantly pleasantly surprised with the 'Altering' deciscions you can make, and how it affects your own world. The hack n Slash,  Cast n Blast is very real, though with all the customizable difficulty settings, you can set it up just how you like it. This is the best of both Diablo and Torchlights world. Dual Classing? Yes its a thing. Constellation star points for extra special stats and abilities? It's a thing. Spec trees and cheap respecs? A thing. Rich story line, and the addictiveness is that to match of some opiates on steroids. All this considered, The multiplayer aspect is wonderful as well, making it incredibly friendly to play with people you know, even if there is a large level difference, without the need to power level. The gear drops are generous to say the least. they keep you happy, and they keep the gear coming. Boss runs and dungeon crawls, very standard to this genre, but simply appealing in so many ways, from the screen shake to the way slaying mobs of bloody bursting zombies into an explosion of innards and hemoglobin...it is just so satisfying. Reccomend. Multiplayer is strong as well."
,Recommended,219990,24869692,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,BiGDeezy,Obviously enough here to play for quite a while. It feels very nice and has the traditional ARPG addiction quality. However I felt like the world was pretty familiar thoughout and then ending was very anticlimactic.
76561197970616027,Recommended,219990,24881493,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,paulcohead,"Grim Dawn: Best Action RPG I have played since Diablo 2Can't put this any simplier, if you liked Diablo 2 and Titan Quest you will love this.  Plenty of variety in classes, you can choose two.  Good loot drop, tough enough to keep it rewarding, even for someone like me who has played action RPG's since the first Diablo hit us back in December 1996.  Played it for over 200+ hours and still not finsihed Elite (Diablo NIghtmare equifucntion of being able to save itmes across all characters.  And how many times do games like this drop something which is ideal for a character you are not playing.The old motto of if it ain't broke don't fix it, is so true.  Diablo 2, best Action RPG.  Grim Dawn, updates it, and embelishes it only.  One great improvement is the ability to rotate the screen.  not needed much for fighters, but for ranged and minion led characters it is brilliant.I expect I will continue to play it for many hundreds of hours to come.  The only dissappointing factor is I think Diablo 2 will now be retired from my PC."
76561198063110259,Recommended,219990,24924049,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,XanfireX1,"If you put your mouse right over your level indicator, the game will show what time it is irl. USE IT FREQUENTLY! Or else you'll end up grinding for at least 10 hours without realizing it."
,Recommended,219990,24876715,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,☠ ⓣⓞⓧ➀ⓝ,THE BEST RPG GAME ♥
76561198005220043,Recommended,219990,24884945,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,arakinas,This is one of the better arpg's out there.
76561198312383142,Recommended,219990,24892867,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,grady2k12,"Even though I enjoy Diablo 3, this game falls more in line with Diablo 2. This game doesn't hold your hand like a lot of modern ARPG's. Really enjoy the loot system, the gameplay itself is a lot of fun and addicting. The story is really good and will leave you wanting more.  Don't expect a graphical marvel, as it is not. It is a great ARPG, however."
76561198320935685,Recommended,219990,24910443,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Karl Maynard Smith,best Action RPG games so far.. this is the next level of Diablo II.
76561197970772389,Recommended,219990,24920562,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Pouet,"This is a pretty damn good Hack n' slash. I really loved the Titan Quest series, this game uses the same engine.I've been playing for 15hrs now and am having a lot of fun."
,Recommended,219990,24925203,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Muffinkite,"This is what D3 should have been, Only thing I dislike about this game is there isn't enough space for all my sweet, sweet loot."
76561198037292603,Recommended,219990,24929739,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Wez gamekit.com,"Grim Dawn  true successor of D2Where do i start......As a huge fan of action RPG's ever since i first played Diablo 2  i was hooked! I honestly thought that i would never find another that could live up to my childhood game.  If any of you have played Diablo 2 and waited  12 years for Diablo 3 then you probably realise how disapointing it was. This is why i am very pleased to of found grim dawn. I will be honest with you, i didnt see the game advertised anywhere or even knew there was such a game until i googled games similar to diablo 2 +3.After playing GD for several day i truely think whole heartedly that Grim dawn is thetrue successor to D2There’s a deceptive simplicity to action-RPGs like Grim Dawn, and most that have tried to knock off Diablo’s crown over the years. It’s not enough to simply fill the screen with enemies only to pop them open like a gory sheet of bubblewrap; the artistry comes in honing the atmosphere, the satisfaction of every kill, every stat point, every sound effect, and every splatter.You feel it from the first smack of a sword against undead flesh to the spark of fire in your chosen character’s class skills, and it doesn’t fade - even over many, many hours of blunt brutality and hand-crafted subtleties.Grim Dawn is one of the best action-RPGs out there, combining excellent hack and slash action with a world and progression curve that makes it worth fighting through. Alone or with friends, it’s hour after hour of top quality combat and looting, with the promise of many more excellent dark times to come"
76561198122674040,Recommended,219990,24891057,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,RazedToThrill,Grim Dawn really introduced me to the genres of ARPG andhack and slash . It really showed me how addicting and fun it can be to customize your character with different skills. This game is a perfect game for anyone a fan of the ARPG genre and anyone who wants to join in on the extreme amounts of fun.
,Recommended,219990,30495415,Posted: 13 March,all,Sgt Sammy,I highly recommend this game if you are a fan on Diablo 1 & 2. This game beats Diablo 3 in all areas hands down.
76561197968796544,Recommended,219990,21880098,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,KEVON,sick
,Recommended,219990,24718302,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,klweeble,awesome!!!!!!!
76561197980775571,Recommended,219990,22218996,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,heLLspawn,"I have been an ARPG fan for a long time - hooked to the loot grind and satisfying progresion, story, and combat all the way back to Diablo.Those series were great and Diablo 2 is one of the best ARPGs and sequels that I have ever played - I was obsessed with that game, played every class to lvl 99 multiple times. Farmed Immortal kings, Trang-Ouls (damn cast rate bug >.<) all decked out with SOJs and torches.I have been thrououly dissapointed and left wanting more from every ARPG since......It was just never the same especially with Diablo 3 :'(This game brings back that epic loot grind, the badass monsters that poop out exactly what you need, the intrecate skill system that allows you to build whatever class you want. All while having one of the most satisfying combat engines I have ever experienced in an ARPG........and its only $25!!!If you like ARPGs buy this game right now 10/10 - It is the best ARPG I have played since Diablo 2 launched (and ive tried nearly all of them - Diablo series, POE, Devialian, Titan quests, Torchlight, Sacrad Gold, etc).You will not be dissapointed if you are craving an ARPG!!!"
,Recommended,219990,24720930,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,nightmare404x,"Feels like what Diablo 3 was supposed to be.Also, dual classing is cool."
76561197995425192,Recommended,219990,30629190,Posted: 19 March,all,Meanwhile,"Yes, it's better than Diablo 3. I don't know what more I can say, or what more you would need to know."
76561198065696980,Recommended,219990,30626653,Posted: 19 March,all,Pte Boovy [1st AB],Really fun ARPG and quite challenging too :)
,Recommended,219990,19429755,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Pelovan,Like Titan Quest but 100 times better
,Recommended,219990,19708015,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,WizNick,"Grim Dawn is a very well made ARPG, currently on Early Access.Graphics : the game is very detailed and good looking, but a bit too dark, I had to increase the gamma just a bit, it's the first game I ever did this. It runs pretty well on my system (i5 3570, gtx770, 8gbs ram) but it has some fps drops which I believe are related to loading from the hard drive. I guess installing it on a SSD would eliminate this.Sound : not much to say, just average.Story : well...you are some guy..that has to kill everything on his way! yeah, the story isn't something that got me interested to read any of its lore. Its campaign is quite long though, which is a plus.Gameplay : it doesnt play any different than the other ARPGs that are out there, you move around killing hordes of enemies, mostly using AOE skills, looting a load of items (dont loot the white ones!), clearing many dungeons,etc. It's a bit tougher than the average, but not much.Characters : You can choose from 6 classes and after lvl 10 you can choose a subclass, so you have 2 skill sets to spend your skill points on. Combined classes make a new class (eg. Occultist + Arcanist = Warlock). Every time you level up you get 3 skill points and also 1 attribute point to spend on your physique, cunning, spirit and change your stats. There is also the 'devotion' system which adds more skills, mostly passive ones. You can equip your chars with whatever gear you prefer, as the items are not class restricted.Items : There is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of items you can get, with random stats but they are a bit weird...often low level 'yellow' ones are better than higher level green/blue items. Still waiting for the purple 'Legendary' items to get added to the final game, maybe the rest items will make more sense at the final release.Crafting : So far, I didn't really feel the need to craft any items, I will take a better look on crafting system once the final game is out.Overall I would recommend this game to any fan of the genre, it's a really good game without any major flaws and it runs very stable even if its an early access game. Just don't expect to see anything really new that you haven't seen before!"
,Recommended,219990,20221120,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ropoloid,"Closer to d3 than to TQ. Progression is a bit slow for my taste. Upgrades rarely drop, but more often than in TQ. A lot of wandering around looking for quest npc. But map is static. Builds is better than D3 but worse than poe. Worth finishing game once, but I am not sure about replayability."
,Recommended,219990,23935081,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bluerayxx [Grat4Life],"10/10, recommend. Try playing with a friend."
,Recommended,219990,23937893,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Khogn,"Looks great, sounds great, plays great. All that Diablo 3 should have been."
76561198031501971,Recommended,219990,23943029,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ascendtuum,"HIghly recommended for players of Diablo 2 and Titan Quest.  Loved this game, though I didn't feel the compulsive need to find every piece of loot the way I did in those other games.  Hope this dev team goes on to make another game with a more modern engine."
,Recommended,219990,24200517,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Josh,"Solid 7/10 game. Its a modern graphic ARPG with a masteries and unique skills. It was just a little too grindy for my taste, and 99% of the loot you find is worthless, which was more than a bit disapointing. I was going to finish the game but I accendentially picked the wrong secondary mastery. I would make a new character, but I simply don't enjoy the combat and experience grind enough  to justify it.TL:DR its decent to play if you need to kill some hours and dont mind long grinding."
,Recommended,219990,21451703,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Exceedingly Underperforming Male,best arpg since MedianXL. BEST ARPG actually.
76561198217309795,Recommended,219990,22547335,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,小夏天,can i ask y i dead cant reborn !!!!!pls some 1 answer me !!!!!!!!!!!
76561198119418533,Recommended,219990,25466994,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,gilgalad9,Review in 2 minutes... GO:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=762085801
76561197965258648,Recommended,219990,21633939,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,sbwms1,"Only 6 hours in, but so far I really like the visuals and atmosphere.The combat so far is really streamlined and reminds me of some of my favorite flash games!They've done a great job at reducing the skill level required for these types of games - I literally just hold down LMB and win!"
76561198032456686,Recommended,219990,21560593,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,[COG]Mr.Meeseeks,"Best game for serious Diablo players and Torchlight players.Heavily ARPG with tons of Items and loot.Cool town upgradeable features.Lots of interesting features like player choice.Cool bosses and mobs.Dont wait, just buy it."
,Recommended,219990,21492721,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,70 year old Vietnam Vet,DAMN GOOD F*%KING GAME!!!! First time playing ARPG....Its 3 a.m.         G.G
76561198273245880,Recommended,219990,20152600,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,kiel.minson.km,"Really enjoyed this game, just logged on though and my char is gone? confused on whats gong on"
76561198059227704,Recommended,219990,17340113,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Shinymantle,"I would not buy the early access. I purchased yesterday and have been crashing every 10 minutes. The game started out cool, but this crashing is just terrible. When the game is finished it will probably be worth buying."
76561198053012976,Recommended,219990,31944337,Posted: 24 May,all,Z,"Best ARPG i played in life, its what D3 needed to be. I simply cant think on something que game lacks..."
76561198014162140,Recommended,219990,31948921,Posted: 25 May,all,MISTER TORGUE HIGH-5 FLEXINGTON!,Better than Diablo 3 at a much lower cost!Bang for the buck and insane replay value!This game is a steal when on sale and very worth it in its regular price!
76561198049103422,Recommended,219990,26286848,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,truBot,"Great game!I've played Torchlight 2 and Diablo III (yes) and this game is currently the one exploring.Graphics are what you'd expect, but very good.Systems are very well crafted.Recommend.9/10."
76561198111654503,Recommended,219990,28551138,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,FeneeTv,dewit
76561198003471135,Recommended,219990,29238122,Posted: 13 January,all,Steven,"Fun game, reminds me of Diablo. I'm not much for multiple playthroughs so I only played it through once. Multiplyer works well and my friends and I beat it together via their online co-op system."
,Recommended,219990,29544953,Posted: 28 January,all,Baelec,"Great game. Everything about this game is great. The loot system, the class / talent system, the combat. While I largely think it is the best modern ARPG out there currently, there are a few things that it could improve. The UI is not as polished for multi-player as say Diablo III. Additionally, I think in a few areas (such as the stat system) I think it provides complication without any real benefit to gameplay. Other than a few minor quibbles, I highly recommend this game."
76561198061762981,Recommended,219990,28670951,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Zilch,Great game!
76561198266457142,Recommended,219990,27028630,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ttwwiinnss csgolive.com,"yo, dis game good check it brah"
76561198086070982,Recommended,219990,31256766,Posted: 20 April,all,njgking75,Dope
76561198368147893,Recommended,219990,30639214,Posted: 20 March,all,tjfockler,"i have sound for the first 3 secs when i open the game, then it goes silent. anyone know why???"
,Recommended,219990,24456741,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,cobs,"Very fun, thats all I can say about it."
76561198064131532,Recommended,219990,28576171,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ζάχος Δόγκανος,"ARPG hack 'n slash, high reccomended game, very good graphics, big content, has alot of depth in class development. If you enjoy D2/D3/PoE this is a game that you will play alot."
,Recommended,219990,24773316,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,saucey💤,it's like what Diablo III could have been if the devs knew what they were doing :bloodymary:10/10 game tho
76561197963623093,Recommended,219990,30579098,Posted: 17 March,all,Pingoso,"Excelent game, i recomended."
,Recommended,219990,21526304,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Yinchie,"Old skool hack & slash with plenty of loot. Advanced skill and class setup. Very addicting, not recommended when you have a non gamer girlfriend or wife.  Must play game!"
,Recommended,219990,31742273,Posted: 14 May,all,Almundan,Has guns
76561198039710976,Recommended,219990,31974576,Posted: 26 May,all,guinness_pete,If you like Diablo type games. This is one of the best around. Well worth the money.
,Recommended,219990,27063569,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ruben T,"Been playing the game for a long time, before it got full released and when all we had was act 1. Even then the game was quite enjoyable, lacks a lot what made Titan Quest amazing. But alas it does give fans of Diablo 1,2 and Titan Quest a lot to enjoy. For the price tag on the game you get a lot of game for your buck.Personal opinions-Just ends up being another ''gloomy'' game.-Lacks content.-More fun with friends than alone, though still enjoyable alone.-Good community.-Would much rather had Titan Quest 2 over this.Sure the game is far from perfect, but it still a great buy, and with the expansion coming up i can only see positive sides with the game.In short, if you enjoyed Diablo, PoE or Titan Quest you will most likely enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,219990,21889771,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Etheniell,"If this game was woman, I would make love to it."
,Recommended,219990,20131887,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jewzilla,"3/4 cup sliced almonds3/4 cup sugar3/4 cup unsalted butter, sliced and softened (1 1/2 sticks)1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract1/8 teaspoon almond extract1 2/3 cups all-purpose flour1/2 teaspoon fine salt1 cup confectioners' sugarPulse the almonds and sugar in a food processor until very finely ground. Add the butter and process until smooth, about 1 minute. Scrape the dough off the inside of the bowl, if needed. Add the vanilla and almond extracts and pulse to combine. Add the flour and salt and pulse to make a soft dough. Turn the dough out onto a large piece of waxed paper and roll into a log about 15 inches long and 1 1/2 inches wide. Wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.Cut the chilled dough into 1/2-inch pieces and roll by hand into balls. Space the cookies evenly on the prepared baking sheets and bake until slightly golden, rotating the sheets once, 15 minutes. Put the confectioners' sugar in a pie plate. Briefly cool the cookies on a rack, then gently toss in the confectioners' sugar until evenly coated. Return to rack, cool to room temperature, and then toss again in the confectioners' sugar.It's good."
76561198237150350,Recommended,219990,21573713,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Gstylez0107,"This Game is brilliant, it scratches the itch we have all had in regards to the arpg genre.-Awesome controls. The spells and attacks feel good and hard hitting, the combat just has that crunch to it.-The loot system is excellent, with plenty of stats to mess with and the perfect amount of rare drops.-The devs seem like a good group of guys and are very involved on the community forums. I had an issue regarding controller support and they were more than helpful. I think that sais a lot.10/10  Must buy for any fan of the genre"
,Recommended,219990,21865819,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,ClockworkNinja,"Best thing since Diablo 2! I love my isometric RPG's. And like every junkie out there I have been chasing that first high since I discovered Diablo. I have tried and tried but I could just never match that first high. Until now. So what if I lost half my body weight and most of my hair? I was too fat anyway and now I dont have to waste my time brushing hair. I dont need the teeth I lost since there isnt time to eat. All I need to survive is another session of Grim Dawn. Yes, I will suck d*ck for Grim Dawn, and yes I actually have to now that I lost my job.10/10 would OD on this game."
76561198071837660,Recommended,219990,29858263,Posted: 11 February,all,stlouis1993,good
,Recommended,219990,18181653,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,DAHOVV-V*30FPS,Intresting game!
76561198043297097,Recommended,219990,18197201,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,o0o,"Compared to Titan Quest.Cons - Relics aren't as good looking, collectable or interesting. Setting isn't as interesting. There aren't as many classes. Monster infrequents aren't as important/valuable/collectable.Pros - Everything else."
,Recommended,219990,31070479,Posted: 10 April,all,"Quit as TriHard, or become toxic",cool game
,Recommended,219990,20237073,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,sNAttu,"Bought this game from winter sale because I saw friend playing it and then viewed one positive review. The game exceeded all my expectations! Now after few hours of sitting in computer and sipping few drinks I say it's the best game I've played this year. If anyone who liked D2 are still looking for something new to play, this is it.pros:-Soundtrack-Graphics-Atmosphere-Hardcore mode!cons:-Crashed once"
76561197972988771,Recommended,219990,21471930,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,El Capitan,One of the very best ARPGs. Period.
76561198089911555,Recommended,219990,26964951,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Penssil,10/10
,Recommended,219990,30997914,Posted: 7 April,all,narkius,"Good it is! The loot quality is lacking, tho, as i am often running around in e.g l20 gear while being l40 already. Level design feels boring sometimes, then i quit after having reached the next rift gate. I never felt as hooked to the game as with Diablo 3."
,Recommended,219990,25489061,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Tastey Wabbits,Well... I am in love. This game is amazing and so addicting. It brings back so many good memories from playing champions of norrath. I am eager and hoping for an excellent mod community and plenty of expansion packs. So long as they are good. Not very often anymore do I come accross a game that makes me stay up late and play for hours. This game is so worth it.
76561198297734710,Recommended,219990,25727523,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Toastyjim,I love Grim Dawn. Given me so many hours of fun and love the amount of  spec customisation options available .
76561198126710942,Recommended,219990,29953752,Posted: 15 February,all,tstack22,It’s an unabashed Diablo II rip-off...and that’s a good thing.
76561198048565108,Recommended,219990,25869749,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Smchammer,"good game. if you have played diablo III its simalier in game aspect, third person, upgradable skills, 6 differant classes and all around fun game. i recommend it to all dark game/ zombie game lovers"
,Recommended,219990,25483366,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Socrathustra,"The #1 ARPG for People with LivesHow to Have Fun and Kill Bad Guys in Less than 1000 hoursInevitably, this game receives comparisons to the other two big names in the ARPG genre,Torchlight 2 and Van HelsingDiablo 3 and Path of Exile. I like both of those games in doses, but here's what gets me on both of them: top-end play is tedious as hell. You want to play through the hardest content without dying in two seconds? Sure, take the door on the left that says ""thousands of hours of playtime"".Admittedly, I have a good deal of time played in this game, but even my ~350 hours in this game would make me a total noob in either of the other two games listed. In Grim Dawn, however, I have several very solid characters that can play through end game content (mostly!).Abilities Galore!One thing that annoys me in many ARPGs is that you end up picking a single ability and building your entire character around it. No more! Well... unless you want to. Yes, you will likely have a primary damage skill/spell, but if you don't support it with several other active abilities, not including buffs, you're doing yourself a tremendous disservice. My strongest character, for example, has a combo five or six abilities long, not including on-hit effects that proc off of those.Late-Game LightshowA good bit of your damage in this game comes from procs, especially those from the novel Devotion system which provides a secondary form of advancement for your character. As a result, high level play ends up looking pretty badass. You'll have a million particle effects swarming the screen as you summon volcanos, meteors, poison clouds, lightning... you name it. And some careful planning goes a long way to making sure that it's not just pretty but effective.People with epilepsy, bad graphics cards, or poor eyesight might want to treat this as a negative, mind you.Flexible ProgressionOh, you screwed up and put too many points into a skill that isn't quite as useful as you thought?Go grind for 20 hours to get a bunch of Orbs of RegretThere's an npc in the first town that will let you spend money (iron coins) to respec. Or if you're too busy even to bother with that (it can get a bit expensive), go download a trainer. Your character is stored on your computer! If you're the cheating sort, that means you can also download all kinds of files to try new builds, gear, and so forth.Definitely Single-Player OrientedThis is both a plus and minus depending on who you are. If you want a highly competitive scene where everyone is trying to find the best builds, either of the other major games will be a better choice. What multiplayer exists may include cheaters for aforementioned reasons. But if you want to zone out and zap baddies by yourself, it gives you the tools to build a character who won't get totally shafted by RNG so as to be unable to play the highest difficulty. Not saying it's a cakewalk, but you're not going to hit a numbers wall that forces you to grind for hours and hours just to progress (coughDiablo3atreleasecough) -- at least, not until the very, very late game, post final boss on the hardest difficulty.It's a good gameLots of options, lots of content, lots of flexibility for people who don't care to dedicate their lives to it like other ARPGs. If this appeals to you, get this game! Get it yesterday!"
,Recommended,219990,25569604,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Makita,"If you love Path of Exile and DETEST trading this game is exactly what you'll be looking for. Lots of dept,love the faction. Hoping for big expansions(cross fingers)in the future."
76561197982486445,Recommended,219990,25581653,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Mr.Me,"This is my first review so I'm more than likely going to miss a few key points. If you ever played Titan Quest back in the day than Grim Dawn will feel like home to you. All in all I find it's a great game. You can try out quite a few different builds, even though like most games there will be a few that are better than others.The game is a lot like Diablo but imho it can be more challenging, which to me is much more fun, if you want it to be. Lots of variety with classes. Quite a few hours of fun both solo and/or with friends/strangers online :)The gameplay is smooth. Graphics are nice. Storyline is interesting.I'd give the game a thumbs up and suggest it to others."
76561198003690296,Recommended,219990,24713446,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,caspert,good alternative to diablo
76561198057676303,Recommended,219990,24714479,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,LiteralAcorn,"This is just me giving my 2 cents, not an in-depth review. If you want one of those, look elsewhere. If you want to get an idea of what you are jumping into, this should help.Having played Diablo 2 and 3, as well as dabling in Torchlight and Victor Vran, I feel like I've come to terms with what I like and don't like in a game of this style and that is: Satisfying progression, interesting abilities, and lots and lots of loot. I have only played a Occultist/Demolitionist thus far (you get two clases in this game which is another fun aspect) and all of the preceding requirements have been met, and then some. This easily goes in my top games, even surpassing Diablo 2 for me. This game has stayed close enough to the original formula while branching out enough (giving you 3 skill points per level [ except at level 1 where you get 4 I believe) and only 1 attribute point being just one welcome feature) to make it feel like it's own game. Crafting might need some updating as most of the equipment I make is worse than what I can find as well as the faction items but that might be because of add-ons.All in all though, I would consider it a must play for anyone who wants a good game to play solo or with friends and enjoys the ARPG top down style."
76561198117028175,Recommended,219990,32235467,Posted: 7 June,all,Drakaros3,"One of best ARPG ever made. This is true succesor of Diablo II - style, combat,, dark grim world is much closer to original idea of old Diablo then its 3rd game."
,Recommended,219990,20266672,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Rick Harrison,"its like diablo 3 but it isn't cartoony, and it doesnt have as much shine, that makes it better"
76561198078026427,Recommended,219990,22384610,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,1750 Hero,Its a good game ive played through the game on normal / normal vetern twice now waiting for friends to start elite/ultimate. Overall though it has been very fun it could use a couple more dungeons and maybe a randomized dungeon to break up the prebuilt world. 7/10 in my books worth the price if your an ARPG fan and if it comes on sale Get It!
76561198079951736,Recommended,219990,32956415,Posted: 28 June,all,Shaggy | Case-Ninja.pl,"graphic- 10/10 (comparing to other hack&slash games)music- 6+/10 (nice, but nothing more than that)gameplay- 8+/10 (addictive, satisfying)bugs- have no effect on gameplay. only one found...funny bug, when you equip a rifle, and then change it to melee, character tries to aim with melee weapon. pls fix xd"
76561198095130842,Recommended,219990,23487778,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Evill-john,good game
76561198038468252,Recommended,219990,19978283,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ScaryBear,Sooper Spooky OoooOoOoOooOOoo....
76561197991710342,Recommended,219990,24241670,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Genopizza,I bought this game on a whim during the recent Steam sale.  I figured I'd play it while waiting for Witcher 3 to finish downloading. Almost 50 hours later and I haven't played Witcher 3 yet.  This game scratched an ARPG itch I didn't realize I had.
76561198057921744,Recommended,219990,28026781,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ciaopipi,"Just love all these ARPG games. This is really one of the best in many ways. If you love Diablo 2 and Titan Quest, this is a MUST BUY!!!!!"
76561198014359125,Recommended,219990,20161726,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,brucemcrae,"I have put in 20 hours and totally enjoyed the experience, no bugs or glitches, nice and smooth and the challenge was nicely balanced. That was until the Dennis Cronley quest.This quest itself is fine until one reaches the final tussle. It's far too hard and, as there is no nearby rift, every death results in a long walk back. One of the problems with the game is the lack of currency generated and the cost of the items being too high. I burned up all of my available currency on health potions, which I have subsequently used up. Now I have no money, no potions and no realistic chance of beating the level.I'll leave this quest unfinished, however I know that I'll be locked out of some subsequent game play. Too bad, was having a good time up to now.The other issue that particularly annoys me is the farming of items. There are far too many, with the vast majority being slightly different from similar items. The magic items provide + this and % that and a vast array of resistances, lots of choice but soon it just becomes a confusing mess of which to keep which to sell, which to abandon, which to store. It really detracts from the game play.The skill points generated are not enough to try and maintain two sets of abilities, let alone one.Good game but a little too hard for my ability level."
,Recommended,219990,21473447,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,teabagjohn,Early Access done right
,Recommended,219990,22768987,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Voodoojedizin,"Vary good game they put a lot of work into this game.!It looks good, and the game play, is fun and will never get old."
76561198028397120,Recommended,219990,25156195,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Nmag,Its a fun game
76561198003529310,Recommended,219990,33363396,Posted: 7 July,all,Manny,better than i expected.
,Recommended,219990,33356487,Posted: 7 July,all,-=NIMH=-,Everything Diablo should have been...10/10 cant get enough! dont ponder the price! Just get it! I promis you will not be disapointed! It fills that void Diablo gave you!
76561198075155391,Recommended,219990,33378746,Posted: 8 July,all,AlexisAG,"Really great game, build system really great with large possibility, gameplay like diablo, background of the game is good, and i apreciate to find note for discover more background :)About dlc, is really fun with friend if you have one or more friend whith you i recommend to buy it :)"
76561198046377614,Recommended,219990,33473082,Posted: 11 July,all,Kunst,sattisfied my craving for ARPG. Similar to D2 and Torchlight
76561198268715279,Recommended,219990,33307545,Posted: 6 July,all,irfanhandono,The most fun modern isometric ARPG!
,Recommended,219990,33416521,Posted: 9 July,all,`sh4d3Z.cfg,Interesting lore. Tons of builds. Amazing atmosphere. Pretty graphics. Cool items. Polished feel. Very fun.
76561198082690229,Recommended,219990,33429898,Posted: 10 July,all,cleotta86,10/10
76561197979817544,Recommended,219990,25759854,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sidewinder,"Don't let the 70.1 hrs I have put into this game so far fool you...  If I didn't have real-world responsibilities every day, I would play this game much more.  Anybody who was a fan of Diablo 2 but was underwhelmed by Diablo 3, this game is what you have been waiting for.  Plenty of customization, fluid game mechanics, and most importantly, a fantastic loot system.This type of game relies on loot.  Go out, kill monsters, get loot, kill harder monsters, get better loot, repeat, repeat, repeat.  Grim Dawn gives you a steady stream of useful new items with extremely varied benefits.  Often times you will find loot that forces you to decide which benefits are more important to you, because several viable options exist.  It walks a fine line that makes it difficult enough to find each new powerful item as to feel exciting and rewarding without making you grind forever to find such an item.This game is a steal at $25 (at the time of this review) with NO MONTHLY SUBSCRIPTION.  I challenge you to compare this game to any other game that costs $60+ that has released in the last 5 years and see if you don't agree that this game is worth every penny of that asking price."
,Recommended,219990,25328597,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,RAZERKhas,"If you are into Diablo series, you should definitely check this one."
76561198193765223,Recommended,219990,25324897,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Druology,"Great ARPG, felt a Diablo 2 athmosphere and the character specialization/build are top notch."
76561198029424397,Recommended,219990,23213556,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,IMaBadInfluence,Would love to play this game soon i can't launch it!
,Recommended,219990,21790933,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Waylon Jeepers,"Good Stuff, if you like horror and skill trees"
,Recommended,219990,21482914,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,zeknoss,"This game is how Diablo should have been. Diverse character development, immersive and dark atmosphere, awesome musics (some of them  will remind you of Diablo II which is the best game OST of all times IMHO), diverse foes and etc...The most intriguing aspect of the game is the mechanics. Unlike D3 or Van Helsing, this game has a very deep and customizable character creation flow. Unlike D3, every choice you make in assigning skill points will have consequences.I only wish Crate had the resources Blizzard did when making this game, I can only imagine what magic they could conjure."
,Recommended,219990,21483123,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,rad,One of the best arpg's out there. This is a child of love folks! The developers really listened to the fans and put awesome features and content in Grim Dawn.Highly recommended to all rpg fans.
76561198022415153,Recommended,219990,21612071,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,invaderzim48,"At first it's like stepping into old comfortable shoes, they just beckon for you to come back and put them on. ""Take us for one last spin"" they say, ""It will be fun they say"". So you do, you slip them on like you'd slip into a comforatable bed. That's how it starts, soon you forsake your other shoes for the old pair, and eventually it brings back the memories of those perfect sneakers you had in college. How they fit just right, felt so cool, were just the right colours.Then it happens.It's college all over again.Hours in a improvised pillofort hacking, slashing, looting, to your hearts content on an old CRT. Begie HP presiero tower sqealing from the cutting edge isometric graphics.Your friends got concerned, you weren't at the lan party for Quake last night.Then it spreads.Bottles of suspicous fluid and dozens of sugar highs later and you and your friends resemble the battle hardened soldiers of the grim dark future.Never again you pledge, never again you say.Then years later, long after you've stopped talking, this game lands squarely in your lap like an acrobatic dog chasing after a sandwich.It starts all over again, the cycle continues the endless clicking, the 12 hour marathons, the farming, my God the farming.And before you know it, just when you thought you had gotten out, THEY PULL YOU BACK IN."
,Recommended,219990,21859934,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,FapNefarious,"Make sure to pick up Titan Quest: Immortal Throne, the only messed up part about that is you gotta buy vanilla Titan Quest, then purchase Titan Quest: Immortal Throne. Personally, considering the endless hours of playing it -- it was well worth the investment. So glad this team has continued with Gim Dawn, time to lose my job, wife and home. Good thing it's on my laptop --"
76561198004072060,Recommended,219990,33641383,Posted: 18 July,all,Shpiler Killer,.
76561198031694382,Recommended,219990,19236421,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,GuiGuix[Pedobear],"Had never been interested in diablo-like games, bought the game, gave it a try, played 200h and still want more, this game is able to cure cancer, 10/10.But seriously this game deserves all of your love, the build possibilities are incredible, everybody can come up with its own special build and be viable in his way of playing it, once you get the basics... Damn.Put on top of that a good old War Hammer vibe to the universe(despite the basic story, like really bru, you tell me i was literally possessed a warp demon and all that happens is getting a portal device? What is this? Glados demon?)A design of the weapons and armors(because the ennemies are kind of generic imo, but it's an arpg, only the bosses need to be memorable) that gives you a feel of being powerfull As F***, and there you have grim dawn.Very Nice Game and if you are ready to get into the builds(all your forums are belong to us for that after all) and wait for the story line to to become interresting(at some point, no spoil), then BUY IT, you know you want to"
76561198031985581,Recommended,219990,25810241,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,BobaJob,"Click and slash game similair to any of torchlight, diablo, path of exhile. Nothing ground breaking but if you enjoy this genre then I would recommend it in your library.Plenty of options for talent builds, including dual classes, and this is where the game really shines, there is an added element called 'devotion' which is basically another talent tree on top of class specific ones. Itemisation has reasonable depth, with stats to suit most builds and combinations to be found - if your lucky! This includes up to legendary items. Some good graphic effects and mobs make for pleasant viewing, this game is much less cartoony than torchlight/diablo and has a darker feel to it.Personally i always play hardcore as the extra incentive to play well or lose that only life adds enough to keep this game going for me. Not sure why i mention this, guess its because after killing quite few precious characters i feel like i need some acknowledgement somehow, somewhere ..."
76561198006713923,Recommended,219990,26090935,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,PlunderJack///HooT,Very Good Game! VGG!
76561198054687106,Recommended,219990,27799060,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Eloys,10outta10
,Recommended,219990,31078316,Posted: 11 April,all,"Doogie Howser, M.D.",10 out of 10 doctors approve of this game.
76561197990466360,Recommended,219990,25068049,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,iceman19761014,Fun game
76561198042596015,Recommended,219990,18850099,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Aeneas,"What D2 is, what D3 wants to be.Excellent game"
76561198023626732,Recommended,219990,18853759,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,DasTaco,"Love the game so far, has a very nice feel to it. The atmosphere with the music and the action is balanced well i think. The item combination system is cool. I love that i can dual class to allow custom play styles between me and my friends. All in all a great game with alot of potential I hope to see how it continues in it's development."
76561198057336321,Recommended,219990,18854114,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,StatutoryApe,"Got a pair of pants called the ""Soiled Trousers"".They granted the skill throw feces.10/10 would throw poop again."
76561198008112461,Recommended,219990,18894185,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kabel,"This game is amazing for the price. At this time it's almost 75% done. I had a few crashes but once I installed the latest drivers and downclocked my GPU by 100mhz its worked flawlessly. This might be a GPU problem not Grim Dawn's fault since I have the same errors crash while playing Witcher 3 and expansions. 980 overclocked can do that I guess,Anyways back to the review. I love the overall environment of the game. It has this Apocalypse vibe. Wizards using guns and the weapon are awesome. Even a few improvised weapons like a pole with a sawblade or these steampunk guns.Armour can be old leather jackets etc.It is using the same source code as Titan Quest so it has that feel, which in my opinion is not a bad thing. Of course they added enough things that it truly feels like a different games. They are still working on a few of the skills mechanics that could be tweaked. They do have a very active and friendly Dev team. Even the forums at grim dawn are polite. A community that offers builds and help to get your build on par. Sometimes when I get bored I choose one of the many builds the community has to offer. These builds offer exact point distribution and how to level your toon and the best items they found to gear your new toon. They take advice well. It's a pretty awesome thing to be a part of.Anyways I would say take the chance and buy it. I have no regrets and I am very excited for the complete version releasing soon.~Jesse"
76561198083663471,Recommended,219990,18845176,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Hot Saucerman,fantastic game
76561197990905272,Recommended,219990,18850743,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,rdodson,"Immensly impressed that this is a pre release.  Played through the content available twice so far and have yet to find a bug.  More importantly I really enjoyed the dynamics that they add to the typical ARPG.  Dual Class, interesting skill trees, and the items to add to your weapons and armor make for some interesting play and builds.   I usually look to ARPG's to get my mind off of work after a brutal day and this is a really great game from an indie developer that does the trick.  I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,219990,18858811,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,[Spec]DredCthulhu,"Very fun, good mechanics, the music could use some work. This game really fun will play for a good while. Oh and as of lvl 18 I have two classes combined into my character with what looks like space for two more. If nothing else experiment with the awesomeness that is combining two classes"
,Recommended,219990,26767879,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gerd,Very nice Diablo Clone!
76561198050576533,Recommended,219990,29178967,Posted: 11 January,all,inspectorpk,This game has the X factor that makes it a great game . Some AAA games look good and are polished but for some reason get old in a short time . Grim Dawn is not perfect (hate those error messages ) but it is well worth the money .
76561197990628653,Recommended,219990,29327795,Posted: 17 January,all,Knife Master,Fantastic Game !!! Highly recommend
65145613200231061,Recommended,219990,29182230,Posted: 11 January,all,Padan_Fain,"A bit on the slower side for MMORPGs but I enjoy it a lot.  Decent story, fun gameplay."
76561198044765359,Recommended,219990,29185909,Posted: 11 January,all,krabcake,What Diablo 3 should have been.
76561198014628174,Recommended,219990,33947040,Posted: 1 August,all,kkllaauussss,my nr.1 game so far! not perfect but daaaam! good job!(33 years old with a looot of games behind me)
76561198087605469,Recommended,219990,23297459,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,stigoleberg,Great game
76561198059620828,Recommended,219990,25820611,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Gryphon,"Full of depth, full of detail, full of story and beautiful.Complex charcter development, but not too hard to grasp."
,Recommended,219990,25815716,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,the_bellic,good but lack of community
76561198016505865,Recommended,219990,27043239,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Heretic,Good Game wish I had more time to play it
,Recommended,219990,30307389,Posted: 3 March,all,Dr. Freeman,Diablo 2 without Diablo.
76561197999924180,Recommended,219990,32878607,Posted: 27 June,all,NordicNova,GG
,Recommended,219990,19936235,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Monsieur Shark,Good stuff init
76561197967355674,Recommended,219990,28237125,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,MEOWGGOTS!@!,"This'll scratch that Diablo II Itch you might have. It's fun! I don't have any idea how multiplayer is though as I I've only played single player; might be very cool because there are plenty of auras that are shareable with you friends.Go on, you won't regret it."
76561197961312243,Recommended,219990,27801781,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,samsbday1978,Better than Diablo
76561198046653323,Recommended,219990,24733907,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Geekedbro,i like it  been along time since i really liked any game def worth 15 dollars
76561198058140913,Recommended,219990,24733852,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,seashellmm,Excellent game - reminds me of a cross betweehn torchlight and the original witcher. The detail is amazing and the storyline is great too. So much character development...... Amazing!
76561198040683344,Recommended,219990,18394657,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,KABOOOOM,while others have been saying this is what diablo should have been and they are right my only teeny tiny complaint is no voice overs for dialogue how EVER it is an awsome game none the less but the mouse curser is stuck when you play at full screen. All in all its a fun hack and slash game with sooooo many combinations you can make with the classes.
,Recommended,219990,18415539,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ramshead,.
76561197980695140,Recommended,219990,18417389,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Spawn of Satan,
76561197978654058,Recommended,219990,18319454,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Chew Magna,"Pros:  It's basically Titan Quest wearing the skin of Path of Exile.  Win win in my book.Runs very well for an early access game, with only some minor stuttering which happens rarely.Cons:  There is no automatic save during single player mode.  I found this out after my pc crashed, and when I loaded the game again I saw that it started me from the last time I manually exited the game.  So overall I lost maybe 5 hours of play and a significant chunk of progress.Very small online player base.  I'd recommend playing with a friend if you want a multiplayer experience.The music, while good, has a strange elevator song that plays sometimes.  It seems very out of place in a game like this.Overall the game is pretty amazing if you're a fan of the genera.  Titan Quest was one of my favorite games in it's day, and this brings everything that was good about TQ and gives it a new look.  It's very polished for an early access game, much more so than the vast majority of others out there.  The game isn't finished yet, there is still parts of the campaign missing, but it doesn't really hurt the experience."
76561197977763208,Recommended,219990,19020820,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,King DaDa-Pops,"Buy it!!!Under development, but god it is good.Multiplayer is a bit lacking since there is no auto search for games. It's much similar to diablo's style where you host and join games. not open to all like Diablo 3 etc."
76561198044565336,Recommended,219990,18690287,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,VanityGames,"Awsome Game the ARPG I was looking for. Brings back the Diablo 2 days but the comunity needs to grow and they need to work on user interactions. They should have chat rooms and channels for better community interactions. They should also increase the amount of persons in one game/server. Nevertheless, I love the game keep up the good work and thanks!!!"
,Recommended,219990,30566217,Posted: 17 March,all,dIMROST,Awsome game! i like the classes/masteries and the lore and overall gameplay..Best game that i have played in a long long time.
,Recommended,219990,29715567,Posted: 5 February,all,SC,"Fantastic game if you liked Titan Quest and Diablo 1/2. Originally I hated it (a year ago or so? We came from Torchlight/Diablo 3), but somewhere between then and them leaving Early Access they did a lot of polishing that thoroughly improved the gameplay experience.Plus it's a good soundtrack!"
,Recommended,219990,34030608,Posted: 4 August,all,crazybadz,"Nice game, addictive. Epic world!"
,Recommended,219990,26252357,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,✪ Communtity,love the diversity of things we could do (class builds). worth the money. though the grinding.
76561198041681580,Recommended,219990,30575667,Posted: 17 March,all,older than dirt,"305 hours played, majority before it's final release. A very fun game if you like arpg/hack-n-slash games."
76561198020651766,Recommended,219990,30569558,Posted: 17 March,all,johnbigboy,"i have very rarely post any game review but this is one of the only very few game that i have no complaint whatsoeverlook at the hours i have recorded and i have only completed only a third of itonly did a few characters, a lot more to go."
,Recommended,219990,28687520,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DoomiNate,"The class system is fun, and I like the theme."
76561198120695892,Recommended,219990,30351539,Posted: 5 March,all,Ukutura,Had a good time for many hours.
76561198053648536,Recommended,219990,30355594,Posted: 6 March,all,MikiRules,Super Fun!
76561198102067678,Recommended,219990,18349217,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Gear X,"This game better than D3, the dark RPG ambience and gameplay plus the price cheaper, no need to buy DLC (just download the updates regularly).maybe need to add some characters visualisation and improve for armor design"
76561198034247917,Recommended,219990,18356370,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Windal,"Great game, love a lot of the ideas implemented! I'm a sucker for rep grinding!"
,Recommended,219990,21848455,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,雨宮優子,fantanstic!
76561198037638912,Recommended,219990,30239258,Posted: 28 February,all,RadiC,One of the best action rpg out there.
76561198283734254,Recommended,219990,30875130,Posted: 1 April,all,carst209,Great game!
76561197995801333,Recommended,219990,30881429,Posted: 1 April,all,briancourt2,Feels like a cross betwen Titan Quest and Diablo II
76561198025616765,Recommended,219990,30883905,Posted: 1 April,all,GearJunkie,It's like Diablo 2 but with more depth.
,Recommended,219990,25799770,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dr Spaceman,Diablo but better.
,Recommended,219990,21567964,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,anoelusmc,"For anyone who misses the days of old playing Diablo 2. This is your game. so much better than diablo 3 and it has pvp. so far only one thing bugging me and thats that i cant seem to get my wifes computer to join my lan game, she can see it and click join but it just loads forever. But oh well we use network mode and it works fine"
76561197969443199,Recommended,219990,30571361,Posted: 17 March,all,Spynde,Great ARPG. Might get a little repetitive after a while because of static maps. World is big though. Fun for many hours if you are interested in this genre. Loads of builds to create and try.
,Recommended,219990,30891436,Posted: 1 April,all,Antwhale,This game is good.
76561198031527828,Recommended,219990,21847835,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,A Photo of My Dad,I only use 1 skill and that's okay
,Recommended,219990,23986338,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,THC** FIREston,A masterpiece. Its only worthy rival is Titan Quest.
,Recommended,219990,30307472,Posted: 3 March,all,FILTHÖUND,Best ARPG hands down. For fans of Diablo 1 and 2.
76561198003433135,Recommended,219990,28775802,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Automator,"It feels powerful and fun for a good while but the available loot, skills, and ability to equip items plateaus while monsters still get upgrades.  I recommend the game for normal and 1/3 of Elite difficulty but then it's a terrible grind for items that will always be slightly behind the curve.The amount of created content would be better for a game half the length and the Crucible DLC is a simplistic arena with mediocre loot."
76561198078784062,Recommended,219990,19952120,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Tozo,SOOOOO MUUUUUCH LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT !!!! SOO MANY COLOURS !!! SOOO MUCH EPICNESSSSSS !!!11/10 Best ARPG evarrrr:D
76561197970847046,Recommended,219990,21662291,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,CHV,"This mightily scratches the Hack-and-Slay itch! There are so many ways to customize your build and your equipment (two classes per char, devotion-system, ""gems"", a blacksmith, ...). The devs made many really good design decisions here. The story and the level design offer a dark doom setting which I also really like. Multiplayer is even more fun. If you liked titan quest or diablo, then buy this."
,Recommended,219990,21709115,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,DeadlyDanDaMan,"Do you like Diablo 2? Then don't hesitate to buy Grim Dawn!! I am a HUGE Diablo 2 fan, and Grim Dawn hits all the right marks for best D2 clone EVER. Some people like Path of Exile, and that's fine, but their is one thing that Grim Dawn has that PoE doesn't. Offline playability. To me, that makes Grim Dawn a MUST HAVE. GD is just as deep in character customization as PoE, and when you open up the Devotion screen your jaw will drop. Graphically and audio wise, Grim Dawn is perfect. And if you love the grit and gore that D2 provided, you will feel right at home with Grim Dawn. Seriously, this game is a must buy, and will probably be the top ARPG of 2016 hands down."
76561197970370861,Recommended,219990,21694262,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Masterhummel,"Working on the Foundations of Titan Quest, Grim Dawn provides an enormus amount of character customization as three systems of character progression hook into each other.Though, it needs a while to get going. As with most arpgs, normal and veteran diffliculty are too easy for most players, causing the player to ignore most of the possibilities as they are simply not needed."
,Recommended,219990,29986986,Posted: 17 February,all,rudzstyle,please extend the map.. the story is to short to be end..
,Recommended,219990,33563444,Posted: 15 July,all,Chaotikmind,"Totally excellent game, the true succesor of Diablo 2.it's since i'm a teen that i'm waiting for it and here it is !"
76561198033055675,Recommended,219990,33563875,Posted: 15 July,all,soldierfortruth,"So Grim dawn doe a nice job scratching the Diablo 2 itch. The combat is fast and furious with an array of of various abilities over it's 6 classes.For an indie game it looks pretty good. All of the abilities are pretty well animated and have a nice pizzazz to them. The character models themselves don't look like anything special, but it doesn't detract from the experience. The story while interesting and enjoyable isn't something you'll talk especially among other RPG's. The faction system exists and is kind of a neat trick but the game seems to funnel you into being on the side of a few of the factions and against some others without much agency as to which one you're going to side with.Part of what makes this game enjoyable is the ability to select two classes and fuse together their abilities and talents for devastating results. It really opens open the way you build your character.  I'll say the first ""act"" of the game is probably too easy as the only time I died was at the final boss, but the difficulty curve does jump back up to something a little harder shortly there after. I enjoy that there are no town portals that you have to use in order to get back to town. The game is as all loot based ARPG's can get a little long as you grind away and the enemy variety is good but not great.Overall it's a fun time. Final Grade B"
76561198327534488,Recommended,219990,33545564,Posted: 14 July,all,BLINDED EYEZ,great game better than diablo i think. much harder. love how you can mix two classes to create a new class.
76561198003224184,Recommended,219990,34818446,Posted: 8 September,all,Paul,It's a good game.
76561198257491315,Recommended,219990,34863978,Posted: 10 September,all,(FG) LiquidSword,GOOD.
76561197984839109,Recommended,219990,25036471,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,KANE VS UNDERTAKER (kane wins),Reli gud gaem
76561198006613872,Recommended,219990,31089769,Posted: 11 April,all,Ezekiel,Awesome ARPG! I highly recommended it if you like Titan quest or diablo genre.
76561198279979333,Recommended,219990,30646192,Posted: 20 March,all,righands,Yeah I will definately give this game a thumbs up. A lot of thought process has gone into this epic and about the only con I can think of is the music...takes a lil getting use to but all in all 4.5/5 stars. It will keep you entertained
76561197978364046,Recommended,219990,22300177,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,DeanRAMBO,Bloody ripper
,Recommended,219990,24533479,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,AmX,God bless a-rpgs
,Recommended,219990,24766554,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Myles,This is an excellent ARPG and a spiritual successor to Titan Quest.
76561198154676902,Recommended,219990,32517742,Posted: 17 June,all,YockPop,Love this game.
,Not Recommended,219990,25858841,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Count Jackula,"There is no ending to Grim Dawn, no ""Congratulations you won, now play it on  harder setting!""  and no credits roll and no wrap-up at all basically. Your character is told to come back later for some ritual, but later never happens. I have played the ending a few times, and went back in, thinking ""Ok, wrap this up with some end credits this time"" but alas....So my advice is wait for the DLC, and hope for a proper ending. If the dlc has a nice, tight ending, then I will likely give this a 5-star review. Yeah, it was better than diablo 3, but what does that really say? Not much, especially when your game has no actual ending. Yet?So I am waiting patiently for the dlc, so I can play as a necromancer, and hopefully they will write a proper ending to the game.Until then, do not waste your cash unless this is on sale for atleast 50%."
76561197960868027,Recommended,219990,24766771,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Dante_RAW,Love it.. it's my Diablo fix..:D
76561198032865398,Recommended,219990,20260617,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,pegasus_feather,It has been couple of years since it was released.  and yet the developer still gives good support.  The game is 80/100 but with deveoper support it surely is 90/100.
76561197997623329,Recommended,219990,24846534,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Jeff Kaos,"I'm fairly new to the ARGP genre despite gaming since the late 1970's. Even though I've tinkered with them here and there over the years I really started getting serious about them with Diablo 3. This is one of the better ones I've played. Everything from the setting to the nearly limitless character possibilites make Grm Dawn a standout game. My only complaint, and it's a minor one, is that even though the store page says ""full controller support"" it's extremely wonky with an Xbox 360 controller. Maybe it's meant to be played with a Steam Controller? I don't now."
76561197993288786,Recommended,219990,25746209,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Invest,"This game is absolutely awesome! Ab-so-lute-ly! Such great gameplay, stunning mechanics, just wowEdit: Wow, really, this game gets better and better the more I play. All the mechanics make so much sense and are well thought through by the developers!Edit2: Wow, after playing Diablo 3 I realize many details that are just better in this game. I'm a huge fan."
,Recommended,219990,21694080,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,crowstwo,Love everything about the game!
76561198140542633,Recommended,219990,21734973,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Ghostrider4160,"this is the first time i have written a review  for any gamethis is how good this game is,its awesome can not put it down a must buy 10/10."
,Recommended,219990,22416932,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Schlubotipelto,Yes.  It is good.  It is a game.  That is good.  I hope that you think.  That this good game.  Is good too.
76561197971652506,Recommended,219990,24037292,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,phr33ky,-- Major FPS drops-   Minor bugs that don't break gameplayOther than that - an absolute wonderful ARPG. Think Immortal Throne.
,Recommended,219990,30564348,Posted: 17 March,all,xpz24,"Amazing game, with lots of character builds, content and excellent story. Perfomance is a bit iffy but the game is too awesome for that to be a major issue. Overall one of the best ARPG I played."
76561197961137697,Recommended,219990,25064848,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[MOSS]-BurningUp,This is a great game in this genre I totally recommend it.  I think it's better than Path of Exile in quite a few ways.  The dual class system and constellation Devotion skill system make for some of the most fun character building ever.  I hope they keep adding content to the game because I would love to see this game be much bigger within a few years.
76561198001280762,Recommended,219990,23075207,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Cattleprod,"Well made, good visuals, great story."
76561198151444895,Recommended,219990,25085822,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lilpoetboy,"This game is so amazing, top 5 favorite ARPG of all time. Such a beautiful world , full of loot and wonders. I love grouping with randoms and just killing it. Love this game so much. Thank you."
76561197972710675,Recommended,219990,35360593,Posted: 30 September,all,unDead_Fish,Diablo in the wild west
,Recommended,219990,29790926,Posted: 8 February,all,bluebreezer,"Some damn fine ARPG'n, worth it even at the full price of entry."
76561198061844476,Recommended,219990,29782170,Posted: 8 February,all,SAGI,The Diablo series produces a theory and Grim Dawn practices the best
76561198109449192,Recommended,219990,35265804,Posted: 28 September,all,Dnarb,A solid ARPG to play with a lot of choice available when choosing a play style suited to you. A lot of great mechanics however this may be slightly daunting at first to new ARPG players due to the compelxity of character building through dual specialisations and devotion. However information is provided on their website which is very helpful. Overall well worth the purchase for the amount of content.
76561198027607438,Recommended,219990,35296879,Posted: 29 September,all,Gehenna,Best game i played in a long time! fluent and innovative!
76561197991848414,Recommended,219990,35256094,Posted: 27 September,all,Ashford,This game is great! If you loved diablo 2 get this game!
76561198051695388,Recommended,219990,35282328,Posted: 28 September,all,AceaxianVII,"Probably my favourite ARPG!!Bought this game in early access once i found out that some of the people that worked on Titan Quest were working on this game. Dual class at lvl 10 adds so much to the game in terms of class combo's, heaps and heaps of loot. Factions that you grind rep to gain those very nice augments/enchants for your gear. Really love the talent tree's and devotion point system. Lots of fun to play with friends. Definitely worth every $$"
76561198085348232,Recommended,219990,35316377,Posted: 29 September,all,Orphene,"This is my first time writing a review, so please forgive me if it's not quite up to snuff.I'll start by saying that I'm a huge fan of Diablo style games. When Titan Quest came out, I played the crap out of that game for years. So when Grim Dawn popped up on my radar, I couldn't wait to sink my teeth into it.I've been playing Grim Dawn since the early days of it's development. Even when the game barely had any content to it at all, I found there was more than enough to satisfy my hunger. As the game has grown, and developed into the wonderful product it is today, I found myself more and more amazed by just how much thought was put into it.The designs for the world, characters, monsters, and equipment, are unique. Unlike most games you've seen on the market. Yes it does have some of the typical  features of a lot of fantasy-esque games, but it has it's own flavor to it.It says I only have 28.3 hours on record, but it is FAR more than that. I just play a lot offline on my laptop when I'm out and about. I probably have hundreds of hours sunk into this game, and I don't regret a single minute of that time.If what you're looking for is a Diablo style game, then this is the one you've been waiting for.One of my favorite aspects of this game is the talent and attribute system. They obviously used a lot of the ideas from Titan Quest, in the sense that there are attribute points to increase your stats, and there is an extensive talent tree. You can choose to focus on just one class, or you can mix it up between two talent trees. In addition to this, they also added a sub talent tree of sorts, this adds an additional level of depth to how you want to develop your character.With the talent system they have developed, there are near endless possiblities to how you can build your character. Of course with most games, some builds become the ""go to"" if you look on the forums. But I prefer to carve my own path and do my own thing.As for comparison to Diablo 3, it's hard to even compare it. They're like apples and oranges. One thing I do find more rewarding about Grim Dawn as opposed to Diablo 3, is that it is much harder to get the best gear in the game. It's not like great gear drops all the time. It's in fact very few and far between, but to me it makes it all that more rewarding when you do get a great piece of gear. It's also not as easy to level up in Grim Dawn as it is in Diablo 3, and the content is far more challenging.So if you're looking for a welcome change from playing too many hours of Diablo 3, and you want to really sink your teeth into something new, but familiar, then I highly recommend you play this game."
76561198078974022,Recommended,219990,23570100,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Omni King,10/10
76561198023065495,Recommended,219990,25988327,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Der fiese Türkise,Gore & loot. Yay.
76561198044910099,Recommended,219990,26038506,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,YouProbSquat2Plates,"This is a super fun ARPG. Feels Dark, maybe a little like PoE and D2. I find the difficulty to be a little higher than Diablo III which is good. I DO wish there was more of an Adenture Mode/Rift system like Diablo III, but apparently the very cheap Crucible DLC helps ammend this. I hope they continue to generate some sort of replayable end game content, and perhaps make it available at lower levels as well. Personally not a fan of replaying story modes in ARPG's."
76561197994729886,Recommended,219990,22663311,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,AiDec,"Yes, yes, yes! Way better than Diablo and few other games.Great gameplay mechanics!"
,Recommended,219990,29675427,Posted: 3 February,all,TheGreatFWT,A nice rpg game didn't it? Some thing need to improve too.
76561198046911452,Recommended,219990,30762695,Posted: 26 March,all,flaviookb,"Nice touch!! Touche grim reaper"""
,Recommended,219990,21702503,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,JoeGhoul,"This game is killer. Addictingly fun click n' kill gameplay, deep character customization, a creepy eldritch horror story and setting plus an amazing soundtrack all add up to make a really bad♥♥♥♥♥game. A bit buggy here and there but surely those issues will be addressed. Definitely recommended."
76561198051514905,Recommended,219990,21707178,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Pbudz,10/10
,Recommended,219990,22207869,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Talonis Prime,Diablo clone - excellent game so far and not too diffult to learn how the talent system works
,Recommended,219990,22172010,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Satanais,BREHAIDE CAINE OBRE IABA
,Recommended,219990,21514193,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,sQD,Game is hard BabyRage
76561198026044298,Recommended,219990,21516186,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,dopeyafro69,if you liked titain quest you'll love this!!
,Recommended,219990,25106533,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,micrOd0tz,Awesome
76561198041323988,Recommended,219990,25252890,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Hardcore Potato,Top tier sexyness.
76561198075668528,Recommended,219990,25103464,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,The Billy,Solves Diablo 2 withdrawal.
76561198129210234,Recommended,219990,25539061,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,rigida387,"after 5 hours playing, it is enjoyable!"
76561197964150143,Recommended,219990,19268880,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Motörhead,"+SUPER BAD A$$ RPG GAME !!! = TRUE GEM 10/10 !!!+OLD SCHOOL FUN !!! = NO BULL$HIT !!! = NO CRAP !!!+SUPER HARDCORE WORKING DEV TEAM = UPDATES !!!+BEST MONEY I EVER SPENT ON STEAM = YES SIR ,YES MAM+101% RECOMMENDED = HELL YEAH !!!+AWESOME CLASSES & GAMEPLAY= REPLAYABILITY 100% !!!+IS IT BETTER THAN DIABLO III ? FOR ME 100% YES !!!+LIVE LONG AND PROSPER :) :)+The End <(^0^)>"
76561197996595835,Recommended,219990,7754194,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,GreatRumbler,"Currently in Alpha, but it's still a very fun game and worthy successor to Titan Quest. Combat's got some weight to it, make's your character feel like they've got some power in their attacks."
,Recommended,219990,9321335,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Izzatso?,"*Update* for Build #28Perfection, Mayhem, Fun, are the first Words that are floating out of my Mind (and a lot OMG Outburst)  replaying GD as a lowly Lvl 1 Shaman again. (12+ playthrough under my belt).This build has a flow and progression that is only rivaled by Diablo 3.Period.Even Path of Exile can't keep up, only in Price.Grim Dawn is surely THE contender for the Diablo 3 ARPG Throne in 2016.*Update* for Build #24With B24 most of my complains (see below) are gone. The Game has now a decent Flow & Progress.And best of all IT'S FUN(tastic)Diablo 3 beware this Game can push you from your ARPG Throne in 2015 / 2016.************************OLD***********************So far (b17) it's fun, it's Gory and all Classes play out different.But...As Early Access Games goes, there are some Handicaps.Some Fetch Missions are Booooooooooring because you clear the Area and find only 2 out of 5 needed thingys.So Quit Game, reload and same bore Happend again.So for my Taste to much Grinding, to much ""nothing to do"".The random Level Design and the Mobs that scale with your Level can bring your Char to a Point where he is not able to progress, because a certain Boss is to tough or guarded by Elite Mobs. That brakes the Immersion & Flow of the Game.But that's Beta...If you want a satisfying Hack N' Slash wait till the final Release to get the best possible Experience.If you are a Pain & Gain Typ  -> Grim Dawn is worth the Asking PriceTill then D3 2.0.1 is a Blast @tm and is once again tough Competition."
,Recommended,219990,9437259,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,5 Bears On Patrol,What diablo 3 should have been.
76561198013308109,Recommended,219990,7967086,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Narva,"veru interesting game, but not complete at this time."
76561198018953506,Recommended,219990,16539444,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,知っているプロに,Soooooo much better than Diablo 3.....that game sucks. Grim dawn 11/10 deckard cains
76561198019467043,Recommended,219990,19763381,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,dododo123,"grim dawn = diablo 2+titan quest+path of exile all together. best hack and slash i ever played and the game isnt even complete. btw i am a huge diablo 2 fan. this is what diablo 3 should have looked like, imo the next big hack and slash game. thank you developer i appriciate this game so much keep up the good work!"
76561198001854882,Recommended,219990,9809620,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Stranger,"Grim Dawn is very similar to Diablo 2. Not that this is a bad thing, but don't expect anything groundbreaking, this is more like a homage to ye olde action RPG games. There are a few moral decisions to make which will affect small parts of the game, such as choosing whether to accept help from one of two rival factions, or deciding whether to risk the lives of a group of survivors.For what it is, this game is pretty awesome. The weapons feel like they have an impact, the enemy deaths are satisfying, and the world is suitably bleak and eerie. Grim Dawn's world feels full and satisfying, there's plenty to do and explore, with caves and sewers aplenty. I like the setting of a zombie apocalypse in a fantasy world, it treads familiar ground while still putting its own unique spin on things. Be aware that it is possible to mess up your character's build, so make sure you level a balance of skills that will be useful and that won't leave you high and dry when♥♥♥♥♥♥gets real.Get this game if you thought Diablo 3 was too simplistic. Stay away if you don't like systematically mowing down hordes of mindless enemies."
,Recommended,219990,20439225,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Talrose,"Attained ""Soiled Pants"".  Started killing zombies with my poop.10/10 Would crap myself again.(Real review to come.)"
76561198105509670,Recommended,219990,22664761,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,toot,"Really really good.The best ARPG i've ever played granted I haven't played too many but, I have played the big ones (Diablo 3, TL2, PoE, Fate) Grim Dawn easily and I mean easily tops of all of them.The class system is very, very cool I love how you get to chose 2 classes to become one ultimate class just a simple conecpt that works extremely well.The Game is beautiful to look at the name implies it would be a dark,bleak gray ugly looking type of game but, that couldn't be more wrong it's bright and vibrant in many areas it just has this high fantasy meets wild west look going on with it at all times I truly love the art style.The online from my experience can be laggy but, enjoyable at the same time so it's there for those who want it. I mainly played solo so I can't judge too much on that I also heard there is some cheating going on pretty rapidly. I can't say for myself though.9/10 Get this game"
,Recommended,219990,8379749,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,when game came out on steam this was my 1st thoughts♥♥♥♥ING GREAT GAME!07/24/15 updateway better with more stuff to do and goto.game just keeps getting better .looks and sounds goodcontrols are goodcrafting is okquest are same as other games of its sortclasses and the way you can make them is cooloverall great game
,Recommended,219990,8705123,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Steingrímur Njálsson,"If you liked Titan quest then you will love this! Its made by the same people but a different company.It has a very dark theme which i like, graphics are good and physics and i do love the ocational bug where the zombies will spazm the♥♥♥♥♥♥out after i hit them :PAnywho all i have isDo you like Titan quest? yes? Get the gameDo you like dark and steampunk-ish type of games? no? get the game anyways its good and the story is goodDo you want to play this game? no? ♥♥♥♥♥ i will tell you once and only once.. get this game.. but ya know.. you can do whatever ya want. its not like im your parent and yes i am extremely bored and sick aswell so im writing something..but never the less its a good game.td;dr: Get this game its good!"
76561198038062213,Recommended,219990,13487494,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nero,Killed a blacksmith for his hammer. Gave hammer to apprentice. Apprentice now smiths in town.10/10 Would kill again.
76561197982345110,Recommended,219990,23155184,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Lioncash,"Pro's+ Diverse environments that change all the time, attention to detail is huge+ Massive variety of enemies+ Massive variety of quests/sub quests and secrets+ Huge encouragement to explore and really creates a sense of wanting to explore.+ The most diverse character customization I have ever seen in a video game ever. EVER. You can literally make ANY kind of chracter you want.Cons+ Some items look rediculous... my giant club looks absolutey stupid+ Some mechanics still feel a little edgy+ Some bosses feel quite empty like you're just hitting a square untill it dies and instead of a creative boss they simply up the damage so often bosses can feel very unforgiving like you're hitting a death wall.+ Multiplayer could use some work, sometimes can be slightly laggy. Better syncronization systems could be implemented so friends can more proactively play together without the consequence of damaging syncronised progress together. If I am playing with a friend often I feel restricted on play time because we can drift a part on story progress if we play separately.End game content feels severely limited, bad drop system that consistently drops items much below your level range which leads to it feeling unrewarding and empty. Have the cheek to charge you another $6 for mediocre DLC"
76561198042913113,Recommended,219990,11085924,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,caidicus,"**What's new since last review?**Last time I reviewed this game, I had 20 hours of gametime. Now I'm sitting at almost 70 hours, this being one of the 5 most played games in my entire library. This is, without a doubt, my most favourite ARPG, and I have a LOT of ARPGs. There is so much depth, detail, and pleasure in every bit of this game. The loot has improved much since my last review, and now there are ways to imbue items further, combine weapon imbuements, use dynamite to blow up equipment for base materials, and a special smith who can craft even better loot, using the things you've acquired in the game.Act 3 has been added to the game in less than the time it has taken me to get through all that Act 1 and 2 had to offer. I've just walked into the first location on the map where Act 3 takes place. Seeing how big the world is, I know I have a lot more to look forward to.Additionally, the inclusion of bounty and reputation into the game has been the icing on the cake. I absolutely love taking bounties and using rifts to quickly travel to the locations mentioned in the bounty description, kill the target, and impove my reputation with said faction. The more they like me, the more discounts I get, and with each new tier of respect, I open new items and equipment I can buy.Grim Dawn is such a good game.**UPDATED IMPRESSIONS**After just having finished Act I (20 hours into game, give or take), I can say that I am much more impressed by the game than I was originally.The loot system appears to get deeper and deeper, with the expected rare, epic, etc loot system. Add to that the ability to re-run dungeons after going back into the game, each time, and how varied the stats are on items, the looting in this game is an absolute pleasure.All of the environments are a joy to explore, and the mobs are very nicely detailed.The questing system is fun, and there seems to be ample content in each area, giving you lots of reason to go further and deeper into the world that has been lovingly crafted by the devs.I have been playing as an Occultist, and the skills are just phenomenal. I was a big fan of Torchlight 2, and I tried my darndest to enjoy Diablo 3, but this game really takes the cake for my ARPG needs, and it isn't even finished yet.If you have any joy for deep item loot, crafting, hunting, and questing, you'll do well by grabbing this game.It's a complete pleasure.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I don't know why I like the game, especially considering my feeling very disconnected from games altogether, recently.There is, however, something about this game that I find myself wanting to come back to. I like the loot system, the gem system, and the class system.All of the game's systems, albeit incomplete, somehow add up to an experience that pushes me to want to play it.Again, rather impressive when taking my gamer's apathy into account.If you're looking for a good game to kill time with, I think you'll probably feel comfortable with your purchase."
76561198026492387,Recommended,219990,8266947,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,sequeezey,If you loved Titan Quest you'll love this.The game is still in Alpha and I still already love it. It has the same feel as TItan Quest in that you can spend hours planning out which masteries complement each other and thinking about every area of character creation before you even start to play the game.And once you start playing the game it becomes even more fun! One of my favorite additions is that you get rewarded for thoroughly exploring the areas because sometimes you'll come across travelers that you can help back to the town in order for it to grow.
,Recommended,219990,13800000,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,eeer e,It is exactly the same game as Titan Quest but with a completely different-and pretty cool-setting.I am not exagerating in the slightest when I say it is the same exact game as Titan Quest.InTheS  L  I  G  H  T  E  S  TLIGHTESTPoe's law genuinely does not apply here
76561198160179199,Recommended,219990,23777428,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,itzAaron,Best Game Ever 10/10
,Recommended,219990,7620697,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,MIDIManNI,"Another great RPG...Nice setting, graphics are fine...story & quests well laid out...I look forward to the finished product!"
,Recommended,219990,16546951,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,James Lister,"----->>>BEST ARPG GAME <<<----the more i play the more i love the game.and for an early Access game it's quality like a AAA release, no issue or bugs, smoth game play.thank you devs for bringing this amazing game, i hope it will continue even after release with DLC and expantions.IF YOU LIKED - P.O.E or D3/D2 - YOU MUST BUY THIS."
,Recommended,219990,19645147,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Squidcake,buy it
76561198061861983,Recommended,219990,26316652,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Yeet,"since the EARLY ACCESS, Grim Dawn is a solid game up to present.a mixture of TL2, PoE,D2/3,TQ:IT,VH but much better and a lot more things to offer too.while playing for hundreds of hours, this is what i can say: (forgive me for my bad english)-dual class or should i say tri-class? :D (aside from class skills, there's also devotion skillsjust like skill tree of PoE)-lvl 85 max lvl (for now)-loooots of skills and item builds-loooots of items (set items, rare, magic, epic, legendary)20k+ (affixes) items (suitable for any build you think of)-crafting (lots of items cant be farmed, but can only be crafted)-epic craft mats are not that easy to farm (more happy farming!)-a variety of factions (for additional items and crafting recipes)-nice apocalyptic enviroment-enormous map-very high replayability-very good and creepy story/lores-very challenging, not all builds can complete ULTIMATE DIFFICULTY ;-)-breath-taking hardcore mode (i.e. playing 100 hrs in a toon but if you die onceand thats it, you need to make a new toon)P.S. for ultimate hardcore gamers only (are you one of us?)-upcoming EXPANSION (so excited, YEEEY!)-hardworking devs (and i mean it, they also know how to listen/implement to the gamer's ideas)for those hack 'n slash hardcore gamers out there, only 2 words!PLS. GET IT!!!"
76561197994859359,Recommended,219990,24656484,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,einartheviking,Scratches the ARPG itch very nicely indeed!
76561198268218593,Recommended,219990,24628297,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,旺仔汪汪汪,非常棒的一款游戏，怎么玩都不觉得累
76561198007668420,Recommended,219990,25599852,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Reaper,"Love this game, if you like diablo you should like this."
76561197980812853,Recommended,219990,28933111,Posted: 2 January,all,GhengisJon,Great Arpg
76561198013750388,Recommended,219990,28941960,Posted: 2 January,all,Bishops_Six,"One of the best ARPGs I've played, the customization in characters and story is great for an ARPG as well as the hidden areas to explore. Only complaint would be the lack of procedually generated maps that could help make additional playthroughs more different."
,Recommended,219990,18421351,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,JustForKicks96,good
76561197970389264,Recommended,219990,21669064,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ko,This is a very good action RPG. I can't really be bothered to write much more :PI was a big fan of Titan Quest and this game builds on that foundation with great success.I'm just putting some text in this box before I hit the big fat thumbs up button...
,Recommended,219990,22730974,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Flipzer,"Great game, kind of like Diablo III, only better :)This game is going to take many hours to be done with, and the developers did a great job!For the price, 25 euros, this game is more than worth it!It's one of those games you play for hours, and suddenly you forget to eat and sleep.Really great, you need to buy this one!Grind until dawn ^^"
76561198082022479,Recommended,219990,23577762,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,CRYTEK063,i love this game it's sooo good
76561197995040275,Recommended,219990,35269084,Posted: 28 September,all,xmasboy,i hate this game - i bought it in sale - dont buy it - it wont let me play any of my other games skyrim civ5 fallout nor total war not even for five minutes. really bad news dlc coming in october - help.
76561198109428532,Recommended,219990,24686189,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Joikkeli,Awesome!
76561198061518409,Recommended,219990,19934552,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,MrHonsel,One of the best ARPGs since Titan Quest.
76561198134003486,Recommended,219990,22015340,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,zay130,i love it
76561198015480889,Recommended,219990,21541245,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Migblorsoft,"Eh, it's kind of like a mix of Diablo2, Torchlight and Titan Quest.Don't let the comparison I made with Torchlight fool you, this game only has very slight similarity with Torchlight. They both have toony asthetics, only Grimdawn is far less of a babies first cartoon ARPG and actually is fun. Torchlight was absolute garbage, seriously, how did Torchlight ever sell any copies? Really good job marketing to impressionable teenagers who are obviously confused with their sexuality."
,Recommended,219990,8602068,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Insane Punk,"Awesome game that I would rate 9/10, I have played all the Diablo's, Titan Quest, Torchlight etc and I would say this beats em all. (It ♥♥♥♥♥ all over Diablo 3)"
76561198053477419,Recommended,219990,16537534,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MixMartialArt,its okay
,Recommended,219990,23772373,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CloserDivision,"A great successor to Titan Quest, easily one of the better ARPGs as of late. Tons of customization and potential builds."
,Recommended,219990,13358054,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,woop_woop,met side quest npc. killed em.5/5 will kill again
76561197971073368,Recommended,219990,24087477,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Chocolate Hobnob,"I woke up........................................Headache the size of a mushroom cloud........................................Thinking:.......................""Where are my clothes?""....................................""Whose sofa is this?""....................................I walked into one side bedroom, lying there was a glimpse of beauty, but alas, no clothes next to the bed........................................The next room I walked into, smelt.........musty.............my clothes were on the floor..................I lifted the duvet......looked down.........................................ugh........................................................................this was a ............Grim Dawn...."
,Recommended,219990,7774920,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mr Cream,"If you like titan quest do not even  think a second. This game is currently on alfa but it has the feeling of a real oldschool rpg that i have missed very much not like the new console looking crap..  It is based on the titan quest engine even the menu buttons are same and so the skills,stats,item prefixes,crafting and gameplay . Story is a little bit boring tough or may be its because i love titan quest more than any other rpg game .Highly recommend to the true rpg gamers you will love it."
76561197970701054,Recommended,219990,8619432,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Frosch mit Locken,looking like a worthy Titan´s Quest successor
76561197985586617,Recommended,219990,7622746,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,MadBalls,"Fun, good looking, damn awesome... gonna farm me some damn fine items."
76561198027553799,Recommended,219990,8618477,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Jerin,"As an ardent fan of the Titan Quest series, I found this to be very similar yet at the same time new and refreshing.Its able to keep your attention for hours, with (so far) a rather enjoyable story line that is dark and bloody enough to make it a snuff/slasher flick.Graphically, its not in the stone ages, but equally not state of the art CGI Desolation of Smaug style either. Its plesent enough to look at while providing the spec requirements that most people will be running nowaday.I only have two tiny gripes, and that might be because i havent figured them out yet, are the need for a world map and those pesky, yet entralling journel entries that you find along the way (theres a kids diary that made me rather sad). I'd like the world map, so so i have a general feeling as to where I am in the world (which on a side note, is pretty friggin huge from the looks of things).Now, the journel I think is a must. Those pages you've found along the way, with little side stories that sell for 1g(Iron), PUT THEM IN A PERMENENT LOCATION SO I CAN READ THEM AGAIN, without filling my bags with junk.TLDR: All in all, a great game so far, and worthy of a look in from nearly every gamer out there."
,Recommended,219990,8607023,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,nesquik nibba,"I cant wait until it will be released but so far its not the money worth because u dont get much gameplay. But they are working on it, and i'm glad to see that thev'e made a game like Titan quest."
,Recommended,219990,13992208,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,TinkaBal,good
,Recommended,219990,22898971,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Uncle Dolan,Buy it u nerds
,Recommended,219990,30527616,Posted: 15 March,all,Flipgawd,best isometric game plus the gameplay is logical very logical .
,Recommended,219990,30517405,Posted: 14 March,all,iriepixel,Great game! Must have for all ARPG fans!
76561198021591266,Recommended,219990,30567315,Posted: 17 March,all,NoHarmDone...,Perrrrfect RPG!!!! U`ll never get bored =)
76561198032738121,Recommended,219990,21470905,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Steve_255,Yes.
76561197998166427,Recommended,219990,28685994,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Møthmərk,"Buy this game if you like not sucking at life.[Edit]After some playtime i decided that i still suck at life.-==The Good==--Cool class system, where you can combine 2 classes to make a new class.Like Shaman + Warrior = Warder, Warrior + Mage = Battlemage, etc.-Super awesome retro graphics, if only Diablo or Nox had looked this good when I was a kid.-Pretty large game for a ARPG, I didn't finish it yet, but I will someday.-Lots of secret aeras to find.-very nice environments.-Lots of cool lore-==The Bad==--The class system is a hoax, and it kind of limits the way the classes actually play. Sure hybrid stuff is cool but you almost have to play a hybrid class just to get enough stat points.-The stat system is archanic, sure it gives you control over how the player gets built, but its not really necessary in ARPGs now days.-Things are hidded TOO well sometimes.-The loading screen is annoying after you see it 1000 times, it would have been nice if there was a bit more variety.-Clunky. The character animations are clunky.-Spells lack cool animations.-Quests are kind of blehOverall it's a great game, but there are better ARPGs out there, with more variety and better play mechanics. Such as Victor Vran, Vanhelsing, Path of Exile, and /gasp Diablo 3. Still I find grim does fill a niche in that it is the most classic styled ARPG out right now. So for those that have fond memorys of Diablo 1 & 2, Nox, or Titan Quest, Grim Dawn might be descent. Only issues is that it doesn't really have anything new to offer to the genre, and maybe thats ok. So basically its very good at being really average.8/10"
76561198088734388,Recommended,219990,21798554,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rush.crabtree,mmmmmmashed potatoes
76561198194311333,Recommended,219990,30602624,Posted: 18 March,all,kingofcats,i have not played much but i already love this game pretty awesome great game overall loads of content and stuff.
76561198138179931,Recommended,219990,21471403,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Blue,I have been playing Grim Dawn for about 2 Hr and its realy good game its almost like diablo 3 but with its own twist on the game I give it 4 ot 5 because it does not show you where to at all thats the only thing I dont like and no co-op.
,Recommended,219990,19836480,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,ins,Great stuff.
76561197968310746,Recommended,219990,20028834,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,rubenmeyers315,Diablo 3 like game that can stand among the best.
76561198011425592,Recommended,219990,26622028,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Application,This game is what Diablo 3 was meant to be. It ticks all the boxes and im excited to see where they take it in the future.
76561198049775077,Recommended,219990,26625393,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Hmmmph,Similiar game to Titan Quest. Great graphics and gameplay.
76561197963315984,Recommended,219990,33566666,Posted: 15 July,all,Ben!to,The Tzar Recommends this !
76561197972158589,Recommended,219990,23300962,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Jamus,Great Game
76561198049752437,Recommended,219990,25795151,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,|FJ| Drake_Bladex,Dont be stupid Just Buy it
,Recommended,219990,25863374,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,FatalThumbz89,"One of the best ARPG's i have ever played. Much better then D3 Imho, this is defiantly worth it.-Fantatistc-10/10"
76561198003366436,Recommended,219990,30570078,Posted: 17 March,all,Enforcer,"Good game, what els can i say :)"
,Recommended,219990,23958123,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Xen420,"Titan Quest meets Diablo. Plus guns. Plus a less linear gameplay (more optional side quests). Only played for a few hours so far, but I am hooked :)"
,Recommended,219990,19581169,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Youka,"Let PoE (Path of Exile) and TQ (Titan Quest) have a child, bring it up with patience & love and there it's: Grim Dawn.The developers are to honor because they really care to release stable content and bringing new ideas in this genre. It's noticeable that they're truly designing a game with passion and future, not just a fast money-maker.Who searches for deep character development, much hand-crafted & unique areas/enemies/items/..., nice well-thought-out stories and and and... this game is one of the best investments in gaming!"
76561198072513537,Recommended,219990,24661375,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,i.mopman,"Died on hardcore to a boss mob yesterday , I killed him but his poison got me before I could heal up . I swore , kicked myself for getting too cocky and swore never to play on hardcore again. Today I am making a new character and yes , HARDCORE !     This game is simply that good !"
76561197966203934,Recommended,219990,26957406,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,Its a good Game and i loved Diablo2 LoD ( yes 3 too) but it doesnt have the feeling that d2 had.
,Recommended,219990,29014906,Posted: 4 January,all,kawacatoose,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
,Recommended,219990,21451315,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Avendt,"I bought this game in Early Access with a glimmer of hope it won`t turn out garbage like most of the games...This is the first time in years that I can say: Well Done Devs! You have given me a hope that every now-and-then there will be a chance that Devs will finish their game and make it a good game! I have played through with one character, now I am almost done with another and have never had any bad bugs or glitches to ruin my game...very rare to see that.I look forward to your future games with confidence!"
76561197982844462,Recommended,219990,21549941,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,brassi77,"Arpg with great character building a la Titan's Quest.  I don't think this game offers a ton of content outside of the traditional arpg game, but unlike a lot of recently released so called arpgs this game has very good and very significant character developmentThis game is 100% recommended for fans of arpgs such as Diablo 2, Torchlight, Fate, etc (especially TQ since it has a very similar main chardev system and uses the same engine).  If you are more of a traditional crpg fan this game can be a solid recommendation if you like games with heavy character development.  Same would go for rogue-like fans who enjoy them for the chardev aspects.I also highly recommend purchasing this game to support the development of and stop the morphing of arpgs into grinder action games with extrememly lite rpg elements and loot.  I am not a fan of games with no content advertising as a type of game they are not, which is becoming increasingly common on steam."
76561197961763886,Recommended,219990,26258359,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mertz de Nekodamus,Blizzard should take note. 10/10
76561198122166699,Recommended,219990,26259771,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,battleready,Awesome!  Highly recommended!
,Recommended,219990,33699240,Posted: 21 July,all,ImmuneRed,THE MOST LEGENDARY ANTICIPATED EXTREMELY UTIMATE ARPG GAME THAT I PLAYED OF ALL TIME :)
76561198047357011,Recommended,219990,33432623,Posted: 10 July,all,hrotsvit,Grim Dawn is an engrossing hack and slash that recalls faithfully the Diablo golden age of gritty violence and exciting random loot generation. I've not yet finished the game but it's got me hooked and I don't see those talons loosing their grip any time soon.
76561198096532480,Recommended,219990,33435231,Posted: 10 July,all,fevid,"Awesome, Get Lost in The Vast Skill List, Then Discover Devotion Points and Freeze for a Couple of Minutes, Then Play The Lovely Missions with lots of secrets.Great Classes with lots of Skill.Great Crafting System, Craft Your Own Equipment, find blueprints to craft more advanced Gear.Overall Its Fantastic and Recommend it"
76561198088385126,Recommended,219990,28234991,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Happy Mofo,"This game resembles 'titans quest' a little bit too much for my taste, but... since I was a big fan of titans quest, man I'm having a lot of fun here as well. If you played and enjoyed titans quest like I did - you MUST try Grim dawn. If you didn't - I advice you give it a shot if you're fan of the genre. Its complexity lies somewhere between diablo and path of exile, it lacks proper multiplayer, but the quality is good. It's enjoyable single player experience."
76561198075687540,Recommended,219990,26639426,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,suzanne.m.watson,I recommend this game to anyone who loves to get away from their boring lives for a few hours!
,Recommended,219990,33830095,Posted: 27 July,all,Freedom_,"Really like this game, this game is kinda complex for me. But I enjoy it."
,Recommended,219990,32124905,Posted: 2 June,all,pew,good game
76561198069375739,Recommended,219990,30565140,Posted: 17 March,all,SeverinaCro,"Buy this game, now,  now, mijauuu....."
,Recommended,219990,23607329,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Quenchu,Very Good
,Recommended,219990,32135142,Posted: 2 June,all,matt,Entertaining
,Recommended,219990,23638908,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,you underestimate my power,"A better Titan QuestRevamped Titan Quest with nice in-depth customization and lootBe warned though as the acts can be a slog to go through, doesnt help that the maps are static.Good choice for those who enjoyed the Diablo/Torchlight/Van Helsing/ other ARPG series"
76561198027905594,Recommended,219990,24692090,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mindaugas,Good game.Must have for loot hunters !!! :)Smashes Diablo3 off this planet for good.
,Recommended,219990,26461124,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Greev,...
76561198337649457,Recommended,219990,31377021,Posted: 26 April,all,Shiro,"Haven't the time to play this yet but i know it will be good so before i play this i will review it.The game play is almost same as titan quest so no doubt it will be good for players who like this kind of game and graphics is nice too when i saw the game play, nice offer and i recommend it for RPG lovers you will not regret it."
76561198160201710,Recommended,219990,18080597,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Sinxin,this game need to have its own sever for hosting and it still crash alot but all in all this game rocks
76561198001114880,Recommended,219990,24681112,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Arnos,"It's like Diablo, but that's not a bad thing."
76561198259476428,Recommended,219990,33143889,Posted: 2 July,all,bez2486,fun
76561198096444920,Recommended,219990,30230351,Posted: 27 February,all,oreh,"Better than diablo 3, I think it is the best arpg in recent years."
76561197972568532,Recommended,219990,24735197,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,de_flipkabouter,"Sweet skill tree, solid item classes, nifty class system, gets harder as you progress, hack n slash until the sun comes up !"
76561198041067171,Recommended,219990,26702742,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,hiakisha,'its pretty good
76561197984737819,Recommended,219990,21557398,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,No_SuRReNDeR,When I hit stuff. It feels like Im hitting stuff. 11/10I love hitting stuff!Not liking this makes me want to hit you. ...game is dope so dont be a d1ck
,Recommended,219990,29044936,Posted: 5 January,all,Chef,"Click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click.Good game so far."
,Not Recommended,219990,29840933,Posted: 10 February,all,Escara,Bad game
76561198304564110,Recommended,219990,28760146,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Globalmaniak,Good games. Nice world.
,Recommended,219990,21139091,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ラビアンローズ,"Enjoyable Diablo clone, plays great with some really interesting leveling progression. Highly recommend, having a blast playing it. Easy to pick up, has some depth compared to other ARPGs I've played and is just damn fun.NOTE: I have not tried co-op, so have no idea how well multiplayer works."
76561198059929655,Recommended,219990,25172429,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,sirxenofex,"Good:A solid action RPG, more traditional Diablo II experienceVeteran Mode: the first difficulty is not tutorial anymore, but with challengesExploration is rewarding: yes this is great for a single player game, which a lot of players rely uponBad:Farming can be tedious: maybe due to lack variety of monster types. Most of the area I just pick the ranged/caster monsters up, then AoE the rest melee ones. Diablo II does this better by having distinct monster type which make you remember them differentlyMap is repeative: for instance in act 1, the entire run feels the same - in a dark forest. There could be different terrains like runes, indoor areas with brighter color, etc.Great for its price!"
,Recommended,219990,25186570,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sarah Anakin,Diablo 3's twin..but with much more cheaper price
76561198084382500,Recommended,219990,19986164,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MAKELELE-MAN,"I am .. IMPRESSED. This game is wonderful, in its category I can mention it on the same page with the Diablo. It gives a perfectly new RPG experience what I never experienced before. Keep up the good work, this game is simply  AWESOME. 10/10"
76561198079825793,Recommended,219990,33395669,Posted: 8 July,all,nappienap,Rocks!
76561198025363315,Recommended,219990,18715815,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Halrloprillalar,"A decent alternative to the more commonly seen TL2, D3, and POE.Being 'unfinished' this game won't give you the same 'I beat everything' satisfaction, and is missing a few components (like QoL search functions for inventory, better quest tracking etc.) but generally most of the necessary thing are there.Probably the most rewarding is the ability to play a large variety of skill/build combinations thanks to the variety of gear and classes. The skill tree is reminiscent somewhat of TQ and TL2, with a very bloated set of 'character sheet' details. Game mechanics are fairly basic - perhaps even moreso than D3, and graphics are just ... OK. Story line is decent, group play is sort of meh, mob/pet AI is mediocre. The faction system is quite interesting - but sadly not account wide.All in all, worth the money for a 'yet another' D3/TL2/POE/TQ clone."
76561197993306067,Recommended,219990,21540090,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Wormik,Epic. Titan Quest 2 delivered.
76561198067086940,Recommended,219990,23562792,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ForceN,Helpful review
,Recommended,219990,25099313,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,PEK.PIK,Old school ARPG hack and slash that support multiplayer!!!
,Recommended,219990,25609966,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Пёсик,9/10
76561197980930702,Recommended,219990,28886738,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,✠STAHLHELM✠-GER,N1
76561197999328478,Recommended,219990,29434326,Posted: 22 January,all,onlylightwesee,dIS GAME so guds
76561197970955196,Recommended,219990,21702754,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Hurticus,Everything Diablo 3 should have been sans the bitter dissapointment
,Recommended,219990,23305012,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,DeptH64,This is what I wish diablo 3 was. Very fun and addicting
76561198007798044,Recommended,219990,21515786,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dragon,This game is a must own.
,Recommended,219990,21472738,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Legendorius,More Diablo... than diablo
76561198029563064,Recommended,219990,29892650,Posted: 12 February,all,nomadic99,"love this game . but now i redownload the game after getting a new computer norton antivirus tells me theres avirus associated with this game? ( i downloaded it direct from steam, and only this game has it. so strange)can you fix this? i can't run the game at all with the virus attached to the .exe file.Filename: grim dawn.exeThreat name: Trojan.Gen.8Full Path: c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\grim dawn\grim dawn.exe________________________________________________________On computers as of2017-02-12 at 11:19:27 PMLast Used2017-02-12 at 11:21:38 PMStartup ItemNoLaunchedNoThreat type: Heuristic Virus. Detection of a threat based on malware heuristics.____________________________grim dawn.exe Threat name: Trojan.Gen.8LocateVery Few UsersFewer than 5 users in the Norton Community have used this file.Very NewThis file was released less than 1 week  ago.HighThis file risk is high.____________________________"
76561198132780231,Recommended,219990,25819685,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,LM,"From the same guys that made Titan Quest, enough said"
76561198006252867,Recommended,219990,35073513,Posted: 19 September,all,names_ASH,Full controller suport my♥♥♥♥♥
76561198043727458,Recommended,219990,19793438,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Oyteara,2/10 IGNGreat storyMaxi havels potential ( can have 110% block chance )Zombies fight rats and rats fight demonsBest passive skill simulator 2015GET THIS GAME*Havels seal of approval*
,Recommended,219990,24149335,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Hudson,"I want to give Grim Dawn a thumbs up.  I really do.  But sadly with the microstuttering effect that I can't seem to get rid of no matter how I play with my system...it makes me scratch my head at a game that gives me problems when there are so many other high end games out there that don't.Yes, I know it uses CPU instead of GPU.  I know you can set priority to real time and adjust affinities.I'm more than a little irritated at the lack of a playable game at this point.  The microstutter is so bad it messes with and hurts my eyes, as it is constant.After writing this, I'm going to give this company some more time to correct this.  I really do like the game but please fix the issues.  You have two months from this date to fix them.  If not, this review becomes a negative and I'll never buy your things again."
76561198139537661,Recommended,219990,16331019,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,nwheadley,needs full controller support
76561197989499070,Not Recommended,219990,28280000,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Loken,Game crashes to black screen even after I've tried 4 different fixes I found on forums. This isn't worth the frustration. Some people say it's  an Nvidia graphics card or driver issue. Well I'm sure there are people with Nvidia graphics cards playing this game. I updated my driver and tried other solutions and my rig meets all listed requirements. I can't put any more effort into trying to fix this. Grim Dawn was a total waste of money for me.
,Recommended,219990,23041984,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dirty,"overall i like the game, but the multiplayer part just aint functional. the servers rely on the host's which is a hughe - due to the massive lag in some gamesthe spells isent described in depth, so u basically have no idea what type of dmg the diffrent spells do which makes it really hard to min/maxalso eventually when you cleared the first act you get behind exp wise, and it just keep on getting worse, eventually you will fight mobs 10 lvls above you, unless you grind area's, which you dont really wanna do till end game, the campagin should be fluent"
76561197993343887,Recommended,219990,18947066,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Syte,Was ok for the first hour.
76561198095126556,Recommended,219990,21439716,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,JacAttack,Lost 2 of my Characters on the release of Build 31.10/10 Would start over again.
,Not Recommended,219990,24004920,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,OG Timothy,"My first impressions on this game was thoughts of ""This better not be a clone of Titan Quest"". Don't get me wrong, TQ wasn't a bad game, but it suffers from unsatisfying loot, long levels of grinding, and although it boasts Mastery Trees and encourages Diversifying skills, it takes a massive investment into the mid game or late game to start being interesting as it's not worth it to spread your skill points but better to focus all points into a few abilites in the beginning parts of the game. I don't think it's good design to have to invest tens and tens of hours just to feel some levels of synergy off your branching skill trees.So a few hours into game I discovered that it quickly took away my fears that it would play like TQ. Levels come and go rather quickly, which means you obtain points much quicker to allot into abilites. There is also an addition of an NPC that returns skill points for a price very early into the game. These two points combined makes it rather interesting and not as punishing to try out synergies or builds. Weapons also come and go and you're not restricted to what weapons you use. Although as you speciliaze into your skills and devotions your options will get more focused.I'll give the pros and cons of the game here (Please keep in mind these are my own opinions and I may update them as I play the game more)Pros:Definitely a lot of variety to test out playstyles and builds. Devotions add a level of complexity to building your character in addition to the abilities you can allot points into, as well as the many loot that affect your stats.Interesting Lore and Theme to the game, I very much enjoyed the tidbits of lore that drops from enemies and from exploration.This game allows you to finish quests before you even start them. If you like exploring, you're bound to unintentionally slay a quest Boss and when you find the NPC later, they'll comment on your efficiency and complete the quest immediately. However, the quests don't vary much from ""Kill some♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, to ""Give us some♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;. I mean, it's an ARPG, it's not easy to design or implement quests that are dynamic or beyond the scope of F***♥♥♥♥♥♥up or collect some♥♥♥♥♥♥ it gets boring real fast.There are also a lot of scripted events where you can make decisions that have consequences. Your decisions could make that NPC populate your camp, or potentially cause some trouble later on. Which is a good break from the combat and I enjoyed this.Crafting is very interesting and deep at first glance but falls short in the sense that you quickly outlevel stuff that things that seem worth crafting or your loot is always better. The only benefit so far that I have found with crafting is to build components to place into my weapons or armor. You can also craft Relics that vastly improve or alter your character.There are a lot of secrets in the world that rewards you with loot and sometimes tidbits of lore. There are also a lot of optional paths you can unlock through paying resources or using dynamite to find more lore, loot, and NPCs.There are quite an amount of little details littered in the map that makes the world feel alive. Kinda like Fallout and the random details they place around that makes exploring a little that much more interesting. If you care about paying attention anyway.Factions in the game add a level of intrigue and makes the world feel more fleshed out with their storylines, history, and affiliations with each other. However, if you dive into the factions, you'll realise it's a kiddie pool and you'll bash your head in hitting the bottom of the pool. In short, all the factions can be summed up like this.Enemy factions: We send more♥♥♥♥♥♥at you the more infamy you gain with us.Ally factions: We sell you more♥♥♥♥♥♥I was dissapointed that there wasn't more interconnectivity between the enemy factions or that the infamy system wasn't more... interesting. At some point in the game you can choose between two factions, and although that was cool, you're really just choosing another faction to add to the enemy faction list, and it has no impact on your other ally factions based on who you choose.Negatives:Shallow questing (See #3 above)Shallow crafting system (See #4 above)Shallow Faction Mechanics (See #7 above)The map design is very strange at times, there are visible barricades ALL over the map (And listed on the Map that you can view) that seemingly and non-sensically block shortcuts or serve to only make your walking distance longer. There's nothing you can do to open them up or destroy them though (or maybe I haven't found the means yet). I'm not talking about barricades that you can blow up with Dynamite. I'm talking about a small fence where a logical shortcut would be after finishing a dungeon, but nah there's a fence.The enemy AI and variety is horrendous. There is little to no variety aside from CHARGE AT YOU IN A STRAIGHT LINE, to IMMA SHOOT YOU. That's it. That's really it. They can look different but that's all they ever do. If you're a mage or any ranged character, you can just run into a room *They all come running*. Back out the very same door you just came in from, and start blindly shooting into the door as they all funnel out and die like fools they are, since the melee enemies really don't do anything special. (There is the occasional enemy type that goes invisible and shows up next to you, but since they're usually in small numbers -one or two-, they don't really pose a threat)I remember in Diablo II, every act had enemies that did things differently making you fight differently or focus certain enemies first. For example, in Act I, there are groups of those goblin things with one or two shamans that heal and revive them. In Act II, there are those lizards that jump around all over the place and dodge left and right. Bosses in Diablo II also had more variety and depth to them. Some of them are faster, some of them have aura buffs, some of them are more resistant to certain elements etc etc. Here, they all feel the same. They have more health, more damage, and occassionaly casts some kinda AOE that the usual mobs of its kind never do.Very little enemy information. There are barely information on what the enemies are doing or what they possess. For melee enemies this means nothing as they all just bash, claw, lick, suck, or swing whatever appendages they have at you. For ranged units, you best just assume whatever they're tossing or doing is not good for your health, from strange glyphs to orbs that seemingly debuff you (Who has time to read debuffs in an ARPG though). And if the enemies ever cast something on their own allies, have fun ever finding out what it is LOL. THEY'RE GLOWING NOW!! (Another allusion to Diablo II, they'd give you info like ""Strengthens Allies"" or ""Increases Defense"" and what not under their name)Overall, it's a fairly well made game, but it's missing out a lot of finesse. It's like a bowl of well made spaghetti, but they forgot the sauce. I really wish there was a in between option and not thumbs down option, because it definitely isn't a bad game. You will enjoy this game if you like theory crafting, and building your character into a Otherworldly Meatgrinder hellbent on churning the flesh of Aetherians, Chtonians, Humans, and Beasts alike. However, there's not much to sink your teeth into. If you don't mind that and can relax on the shallow waters, then you'd definitely enjoy this game. I was looking for more and I was disappointed is all. This game makes me appreciate the enemy designs and variations in Diablo II so much more.Tl;dr, Not a bad game, if I could choose a neutral ground, I would. This game suffers from simplistic enemies, shallow quest and faction mechanics. It's strength lies in the character skill building and looting."
76561198025330524,Recommended,219990,9133029,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sparhawk122,Grim Dawn is reminescent of Diablo and and has that same grim atmosphere. At its current state Grim Dawn is an early access game and Act 1 and 2 with crafting are currently available. Act 1 slowly builds up in difficulty and as such this game offers a challenge and Act 2 goes on to offer yet more awesomeness. For an indie game Grim Dawn has stunning visuals and bloody combat that is up there with some AAA titles. Many others who have played this game have only good things to say. The environments are rich and diverse with numerous enemy variants that will keep you on your toes and wanting for more. For those who like Diablo and Path of Exile then this is another game worthy of your collection and as such you should not hesitate to pick this one up and find out for yourselves just what you have been missing.
,Recommended,219990,20463767,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ุุBTSpaniel,WARNING:  Many Bugs and Multiplayer Problems!
76561198060361777,Recommended,219990,7968816,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[Legion] TRIFECTA,great game i was just curious when the next 2/3 of the game will be out.
,Recommended,219990,16604797,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,El Guapo,WAIT a game that actually is moving development wise?!?!?!? yep and its a great game aswell i mean the people who made titan quest and some from diablo obviously pros in the hack n slash area and it has a story to it also crate needs to make another one with fantasy only and i will be set its worth a buy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198060128505,Recommended,219990,23855571,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Captain Derp,What to say there is no big wall Enough to keep those monsters out of the cities! We need More Walls!and  I had a hard time in this game so i did take  Small Loan of a Million Bits
76561198279004510,Recommended,219990,28597485,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,margutis,Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim DawnGrim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn Grim Dawn
,Recommended,219990,30547043,Posted: 16 March,all,Sinnerpall,It is a must have !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!you want it....YOU WANT IT!!!!GO GET IT!!!YAAAA!!!!A REAL ARPG!
76561198052277284,Recommended,219990,25599971,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Sii,Buy this game.
,Recommended,219990,26464234,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Feefa Kha'habibi,im gay
76561197983669016,Recommended,219990,8616299,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,mech45,I've played the game for only about an hour now. I can already tell it's a keeper. Get This Game!
,Recommended,219990,23972968,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,neoge0187,amazing game. very happy to own this and diablo3
76561198039257500,Recommended,219990,23973616,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Thievin,GG
,Recommended,219990,26737928,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,SkaaliaN,The game is just awesome.
76561197963371861,Recommended,219990,30628250,Posted: 19 March,all,Joker,It was fun....but I've a question for the devs...Why in hell did you spend time to make a 2nd phase (usually easier than the first one) for every main boss and just a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ LAST BOSS without 2nd phase? No more ideas? no time?....That last boss really disappointed me...felt like when I finished half life 1...so bad last boss for a really nice game though.
,Recommended,219990,16838749,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Panzer Vor,Grim Dawn Has Crashed!
76561198068907764,Recommended,219990,20478792,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,michalisgeorgiou,"excellent.big drawback !there is no point in having a female character if she is to look like a male once the armor and helmet is on.the whole point of having a female character is to enhance her femininity(dragon age origins) against the grim background.in fact there is a total lack of female sexuality and femininity in all female characters in the game.another drawback is the lack of audible conversation which takes away most of the emotions in an otherwise excellent game.lasty even when not in combat the hero runs around holding the sword in combat position which makes them look constipated rather than(heroic).(again look at witcher,dragon age,skyrim et all)"
76561198098389641,Recommended,219990,18141287,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Necro-loli-con,OUR GREAT LORD AN SAVIOR DONALD TRUMP HAS PROVIDED THIS GAME FOR US!!! ALL HAIL DONALD TRUMP!!! THE SECOND COMING OF JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST!!!!
,Recommended,219990,24248279,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Para,Good Game
76561197991875510,Recommended,219990,7644474,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Big Black Wolfman,"so you wanna play a post-apocalyptic fallout-style zomboid hack-n-slay game? this is the ultimate solution for you! even, if only in alpha-status, this is fun to play."
,Recommended,219990,11959070,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Fuyumi the Forlorn,Grim Dawn?Pleasant Dusk.
76561197996525814,Recommended,219990,8651500,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,KewL,The game is almost similar to early Diablo the difference is you can pick and combine 2 classes and use their spells and skills.I would recommend this game for those who liked the old school Diablo.
,Recommended,219990,8357257,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Oh!What103,Everything Titan Quest was but better!
76561198042117906,Recommended,219990,8705911,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Skoski,not bad game but why is there not a auto attack?.when i have a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of dudes around me and i kill one of them i need to then click on next target to start hitting him it does not automaticly move on to the next one.the red light goes on another target but when holding mouse down he just stands there.would be so much better if it automaticly starts hitting next target but you have to click to start hitting him which is okay but as you have to click mouse button to move whne i go to target another target and miss he start walking off in that direction even if there is 10 guys around me kinda annoying would love you guys to use tha wasd keyys for moving and mouse for attack only?but apart from that not bad not really worth 20 pounds i would say bit gutted was exspecting more for 20 quid.but still good so far!
,Recommended,219990,8110472,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,iKami,"I remember playing Titan Quest when I was young. And it was a really great game. And Grim Dawn is by the same guys that make Titan Quest. So I believe it's going to be a great game. And true enough the game is really awesome right now, and to add-on there's more stuffs to come as it's only in early-access right now. If you love games that are similar to Diablo than give it a try, you would be suprise how great this game is. I am looking forward to the modding community and the modding tools too, as I remebered Titan Quest use to have a really great modding community."
76561198009969895,Recommended,219990,12881379,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,shane69693,update the story already wow
76561198051893423,Recommended,219990,7628807,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Tyresiax,"This dev is one of the few EA devs that is working hard to deliever a finished product, and they deserve your support.Oh, and the game is really fun too."
76561197982221884,Recommended,219990,8154329,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Beerman,"was fun, too bad it wasnt a little longer. cant wait for it to come out."
,Recommended,219990,7984731,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Ba77osai,"Diablo like clone, can get cool if it gets multiplayer"
,Recommended,219990,12339854,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Scrubbies,Dis game be lyke Diablo 2 mah niqquhs
76561198160608974,Recommended,219990,31326731,Posted: 23 April,all,Bloody Scumbag,Grim Dawn = Diablo 3.Diablo 3 = ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198006605505,Recommended,219990,29392877,Posted: 21 January,all,DanteYoda,"Man this game is Awesome, its like Diablo and Titan Quest had a baby and that baby is better."
,Recommended,219990,24606222,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Dead Boner,its a remastered diablo 3 game
76561198106696010,Recommended,219990,30628824,Posted: 19 March,all,dannysweeps,"So on December 23rd 2016 I purchased my first game in the genre. Diablo 3 I have already put over 200 hours into that game it is a lot of fun. That being said... I have put less than 6 hours into this game and can tell you that it is way more in depth(more looting, more lore, cooler story, not the same basic one you have already heard, reputation to decide if you are good or evil) way better level up system similar to skyrim. Way better post apocalyptic themed weapons. Very diverse classes. All in all a lot more than I expected.I have never played a game like this best way to describe it fallout meets skyrim then have a three-way with Diablo and all take turns raising it.I most definitely recommend this game."
76561198085391841,Recommended,219990,19552385,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Grossout,"I had lost all my hope of this genre after playing poe and d3. Then game the Grim dawn and it Pwns PoE and D3.+ I love the steampunkish scenery.+ Fighting feels better than in PoE.+ Enemies are more varied, make more sence and are way cooler than in PoE. (well I haven't played PoE for few years I think but I doubt enemies are any better nowdays, so stupid they were when i tried, flying flags? Monkeys? Thank god Grim dawn ain't got none of that shait)+ etc- Early access (though this is one of the rare occasions that I allow it)"
76561198100416915,Recommended,219990,24054108,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,R4phStryker,"Diablo 3 :＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉGrim Dawn :／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　                       ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,219990,14804711,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Nik,its ok
76561198094332024,Recommended,219990,21475494,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,mookypants17,At first had a problem never had before but was fixed... One thing i really didnt like the beta but now after seeing a lot of things improved on so far this is a good game does remind me of diablo 2 a little bit but with guns. i would deffinitly recommend this.
,Recommended,219990,20011460,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Duterterico,"Awesome game if you like to hunt for loot, encouraging you to replay it with a different character and habilites."
,Recommended,219990,19953985,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Emil,this game is like when path of exile and diablo 3 decided to have a gangbang with titan quest
76561198039351210,Recommended,219990,21554417,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Goblin Slayer,"Beat game channeling the will of Ba'al Hammond, god of lightning.Diablo 2/10."
,Recommended,219990,21554412,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Dnera^,Excellent game.
76561198024947234,Recommended,219990,24292508,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,A very ezpz,its pretty gud
76561198001189144,Recommended,219990,24664346,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,unknown1807,sick man
76561198290589107,Recommended,219990,26756877,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,cedfromdasouth,Way way better than POE and D3( even im a monk).
76561198007197608,Recommended,219990,32183443,Posted: 4 June,all,[S]almon,"I have mixed feelings about Grim Dawn, but given Steam’s up or down review system I’m going to give it a positive review, if only because it kept me entertained for almost 50 hours. But here’s the thing: if you’ve played Diablo II then you’ve already played Grim Dawn. Grim Dawn is shockingly similar to Blizzard’s 2000 ARPG classic (more so than Diablo III is).It has the same top-down viewpoint and clickfest gameplay as D2 (and Titan Quest, etc), the same look and feel, and a strikingly similar plot of mankind on the brink of being annihilated by monsters. In fact, one of the things that most disappointed me about Grim Dawn was the lack of more of a plot. The setting and various factions are pretty cool, but the game just never bothers to give them any depth.On a totally separate note, the multiplayer is a ♥♥♥♥♥how that’s straight out of the 90s. It’s actually somehow worse than I remember D2’s being and just doesn’t hold up to modern standards.All that being said, Grim Dawn is still a fun game and I’d encourage ARPG fans to pick it up. There’s plenty of gameplay here and grinding through dungeons to level up and get better loot is as fun today as it was in 2000. Just don’t expect anything special."
76561197996297444,Recommended,219990,19981827,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Peter Griffin,"Not bad, but it gets very boring/repetetive after a while."
,Recommended,219990,30492885,Posted: 13 March,all,David Duke,titan quest is better tbh
,Recommended,219990,18968174,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Proskub,"Have you ever played Titan Quest?This is a Titan Quest clone, with a steampunk motif. I loved Titan Quest and I love this game. Same class building style, point spending, Attribute point system with many more damage types. Decent story, could use narrating to keep up with todays gaming standards. These guys obviously appreciate the old dungeon crawlers. No randomly generated maps, rare spawns are actually rare."
,Recommended,219990,29316585,Posted: 17 January,all,Akilles,"Nowhere near the amazingness that is Path of Exile (for reference look at my hours on this compared to PoE). BUT, it's an amazing spiritual sucessor to Titan Quest, and it is felt in every facet of character development (as in, literally almost nothing is changed). While I like TQ, I am slightly dissapointed by the fact that they didn't add a whole lot to suck you in, no kewl gimmicks or anything, just nothing to bring to the table except TQ nostalgia. It is my firm belief that making a good ARPG requires a solid and unique mechanic to flesh it out from the drivel (like POE's skill tree, non-gold currency system, socket system/support skills). TQ may have been a fresh breath of air when it came out but Grim Dawn feels like that same breath of air that I gulped years ago. It will be fun if you're really into ARPG's but not so much for non-fans.7.5/10"
,Recommended,219990,14532846,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,STF,"I like the game it just has a hard time running on my pc for some reason.  Very buggy, and lagggy.  I can run other games on ultra so I will give it some time before I review again."
,Not Recommended,219990,29793162,Posted: 8 February,all,Holiday,This game is boring.
76561198058707415,Recommended,219990,24989658,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Ashianyl,Fun for awhile. Gets boring after game completion because the map is static. Still worth the price of one play through.
76561198057977233,Not Recommended,219990,32610422,Posted: 20 June,all,gringygordy,"As far as I can tell this is a great game at a great price. I was really enjoying myself for the first hour or so - decent graphics, solid gameplay, interesting story... until I hit upon something that, upon confirming my fears via online research, completely ruined the entire game for me.I had just reached level 8 and completed the reanimator quest, excited to try out some of the new gear I had gotten from the kill. Exiting the cave I immediately fell upon a group of zombies that I had previously fought with some difficulty (went for a glass cannon nightblade build), happy to see what my new character abilities and upgraded weaponry were going to do for me. As it turns out things were actually worse than before - the enemies had more hitpoints and did more damage, so with my slightly increased skills, slightly better weapon and same old armor I in fact was less capable of killing the same enemies I had fought before. Looking at their levels I realized these zombies were now level 7, whereas they used to be 5, which made my heart sink... scaling? The thing that ruined vanilla Oblivion? After some online research it turns out that, while there are certain areas with level caps, in most situations (and always on higher difficulties) enemies do indeed scale directly with your level.For some people this adds to the experience. For others like me, this makes it absolutely unplayable. I want to feel like I'm earning my way through enemy territory, capable of dealing with stronger enemies because I fought my way up to them rather than just simply having the same baseline experience no matter where I go or who I fight. I want to feel like there's a specific challenge to overcome, some big mega demon that I don't have a prayer to defeat until I've honed my skills and uncovered enough artifacts, rather than simply fighting an enemy who will always have this many more hitpoints and damage than me no matter how weak or powerful I am. I was honestly very excited to play this title, but unfortunately I simply can't enjoy myself with this mechanic in play, no matter how good the rest of the game is."
76561198005341994,Not Recommended,219990,31739639,Posted: 13 May,all,Sliddjur,"I guess I look for different things in ARPG's than most people, or people are really looking for the next D2 and will lower standards. D2 crushes this game in every aspect by a mile. See Torchlight II for good combat and actual progression similar to D2. Only thing this game gets right is the atmosphere.Unpolished, sluggish-feeling, unoptimized, slo-mo combat. Doesn't look good enough to justify the performance that I got and my PC destroys the system requirements. For a genre where combat is at least 50% of the enjoyment, this game falls very short in my opinion. If you like running around with awful animations and looking like a doofus while you *literally* slap spells out from in front of you or awkwardly hit things like no human-being would, then this game is for you. Cus I mean let's be real, if you're gonna develop a game and neglect these things, then you might as well make a pen-and-paper tabletop kind of rpg game. Graphics and animations aren't everything in most games but in ARPGs they're important in order for it to feel fluid and just generally good to play.Or maybe it's just me, to each their own."
76561198036230105,Recommended,219990,20750114,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Chuck,Better than D3 for sure
76561198068962651,Recommended,219990,18056494,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Dungeon Rogue,"This game is fantastic.It should be coming out of Early Access soon and I really can't wait.If you were disappointed by Diablo 3 like me, give this game a try. It's everything Diablo 3 should have been and more."
76561198004289687,Not Recommended,219990,29099897,Posted: 7 January,all,Deathspore,"This game is plagued by bad interface and interactions with map that feel like they are bugged.Most descriptions in the game are not helpful, they mix flavor text with mechanical information. Looking at skills you have hard time figuring out what the skill exactly does, as skill might buff or change skill before it, but it also could be a character buff. These two are not clearly said. There are also some texts that are blatantly wrong, as soldier skill that should reduce requirements for wielding armor, but it actually only works for heavy armor.3d map is nice but it makes some mechanics work weirdly, as you cannot shoot in general direction of the enemy if they are out of screen, because your character aims at the ground at your cursor point. Map also causes some enemies to have abilities (also players have those) that bounce weirdly off the ground or hit 3d object that shouldn't be there, making them unpredictable and unreliable. Having diablo like camera (which you can turn, but the controls are not intuitive there), make rising and lowering terrain a nightmare with some ranged weapons as your character might just shoot the ground while enemy can unload at you at will. This feature also affects your field of view.Games skill and devotion mechanics require a lot of quality of life improvements which have been pointed out in forums since 2014, but they have not been adressed as far as I can see from old screenshots.Having played some rpg's I also found games armor mechanic weird as its effect is capped at 70% which is easily archievable by lightest armors (why they have heavy and caster armor at all?). Personally I also don't like the way resistances are handled (% instead of blizzard favored rating system), because they have dozens of different types of damage with little indicators to player what types of damage enemy actually does."
76561198039181052,Not Recommended,219990,33494004,Posted: 12 July,all,Garr,"Okay, here we go, a hopefully informative review.  4/10.  Read on please.There are a ton of combinations of unique classes that all do different things allowing you to finish the game at your own pace while utilizing a lot of combinations of abilities and Auto-attacks.  The skill trees, stat distribution system, and a special devotion tree can all be customized to do mostly what you what.  There are tons of little secrets and the occasional large secret to maybe get something good, probably not but they're fun to look for I guess.  Gear is pretty much use what you find that works until you build a massive stash of loot for other dudes to use in the future like all other ARPGs.Now to break some of that down.Weapon choices, unless trying something specific, are up to you completely.  Almost every AA modifier can be used with any weapon, again, unless trying something specific.  The vast majority of your damage comes from left clicks.  Spells are pretty cut and dried, with nothing to change really than bind extra effects that aren't already bound to your AA...  There are some cool spells, and you can make builds for them, but AA's just seem have more consistent damage if you're looking to min/max for higher difficulties.  The spells will mostly be defensive or debuffs.Crafting.  Oh man, there is a lot to craft.  And oh man, it requires some resources.  There is one gear slot that you can only fill by crafting.  And you can only craft things with recipes.  You can get recipes somewhat easily through factions and some random drops, but I never got the one I was needing for 200 hours and even then it required two other things I didn't have the recipe for.  The only saving grace here is that recipes are kept between characters in that style of play.  Standard characters all pull from a single pool of recipes collected, and permadeath characters all pull from their own collection even if they died.Visuals are jacked.  There are so many particle effects at times I can't even see my dude, or some dudes that are killing me.  While ""just maxing out resists"" works to a degree, you get penalized more on higher difficulties which makes stacking 130%(that's a minimum requirement as you can be debuffed to lower those resists) ACROSS 10 SOURCES OF DAMAGE pretty hard.   Some areas only require 2-4 resistance caps which means that you can change gear, components, augments, etc. to play for that area, but that can get frustrating after a few times when that's your only option to progress without dying.  There are at least 6 sources of damage that are all red.  Think about that.  The red colored damage is all impossible to tell apart, especially when 20 enemies use abilities with multiple different effects that all overlap AoE.  The only way to avoid dying is to look up outside of the game what enemies do and prepare what you can.  A combat log would help immensely here, just to get an idea of what does what to you.  The spacebar halts the game and blacks out the screen, what about putting a log there?The secrets that you find are almost always too high level for you or you just don't have the mcguffin of path making for that area yet.  That's a pretty minor complaint but it's still annoying and there are two locations like those that can bottle neck fast progression of a new character really hard, or maybe not too badly if you get a lucky drop.The story is...  something.  At least play it for that if you like Lovecraftian-ish things.  The dialog is actually pretty good most of the time(Ulgrim is the best character in the game, seriously) and the enemies are really unique outside of the 25 different types of still way overused zombies.Music is super repetitive and some sounds are even painful or way out of volume proportion.  Don't wear headphones for this game or turn off the sound entirely and listen to your own stuff.There are bugs.  Lots of bugs.  I have endless problems with Shadowstrike and Blitz.  There was a time my dude Blitzed into a staircase and the screen turned light blue for a few minutes while a lone enemy beat me slowly to death.  That was the worst one, but something odd like that happens everytime combat occurs.  The really fun bug was when Warden Krieg just stood still after transforming on Elite difficulty, never even tried to move or attack.  Most of the time I can deal with strange things happening, but when I freeze(not like the status effect, just no control, but I probably couldn't see it even if I was frozen) for around 10 seconds after some gap closers even against target dummies(someone explain please), it makes Melee pretty hard.This game is boring, annoying, and at times very confusing.  If you want to go far in other difficulties, make some Auto-Attack dudes with 10k+ hp until you get a ton of gear stashed up to play a character that you want to play.I want my money back, and after 220 hours of left clicking I can't get a refund, but I can finally try to play a caster...Did I cover everything?Overall the game's playable, has a bit of depth, and I don't like it at all.  4/10 still."
76561198015305969,Not Recommended,219990,32165483,Posted: 3 June,all,OutCome,"I had fun with this game for a few days with a couple friends. I just didn't have the same fun with this game as I did with Diablo 2, Diablo 3, Titan Quest. It's still fun in it's own way, just not good enough to make me play for hundreds ofd hours like i did on those games."
76561198037964481,Recommended,219990,28524525,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ptishachu,Played a bit ...it's ok :))
76561198008795381,Recommended,219990,24710332,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Eugenm,Очень крутая пиратка!!
76561198000443723,Recommended,219990,30622498,Posted: 19 March,all,dcreelma,"I've only played for a few hours, but so far is a copy of Diablo 2 with a few twists."
76561198012915042,Recommended,219990,30563852,Posted: 16 March,all,erlingheusm1,pure insanity. This should have been diablo 3
76561198021184405,Recommended,219990,7785704,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,mortosdiablo006,"Good game for sure, I like old school dungeon crawlers on the PC, of course I leave the shooter games up to my Playstation. These games are great on the CPU."
76561198059340249,Recommended,219990,7852526,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,C,"pretty fun, cant wait till they release the multi player version"
76561197970465924,Recommended,219990,12811439,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Core2029,"Grim Dawn, even at this early stage, is an excellent effort with very nice graphics, nice procedural loot drops, and some decent animations however two things really stand out as issues to me.The skill reward system sucks. You can spend numerous character levels doing absolutely nothing but adding ticks to a ""class"" progress bar with no new skills or tangible rewards at all.  To work around this deficiency they've baked in a skill respec NPC so you can spend your points on improving currently attainable skills until you save up enough to then downgrade those skills to waste points on that damn class progress bar to get a higher tiered skill. In a word, it's depressing.  It was a bad system in Titan Quest many years ago and it hasn't improved over time.I've mostly played a pure Occultist and pure Nightblade however my time spent with both were just... boring. The only thing that kept me going was to see the next area or monster type.  I had zero attachment to the gameplay itself which I think is my biggest complaint.  The combat mechanics aren't fluid or inspiring enough to evoke that feeling required to want to do the same thing over and over.  I can't quite put my finger on it but the reality of wasting my time clicking a mouse while staring at a screen is never washed away by what I'm doing.  When I play D2 or D3 I can get sucked away within the first few moments of combat and spend hours doing the exact same thing, always striving to improve my character.  With Grim Dawn it felt very mechanical and I had no desire to keep clicking anything.  I sincerely hope they recognize this and manage to make the combat mechanics more enjoyable.There's quite a few positives to be found in the game and it's worth the cost of admission by today's standards but I just can't see myself playing it beyond the first playthru and I suspect that I'm not alone."
,Recommended,219990,21454806,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,PAssioN -,its to good.
76561198168876411,Recommended,219990,30829884,Posted: 30 March,all,Heroic,Why you are playing Diablo3 this game is much better better that *3 diablo3
76561198193003083,Recommended,219990,26750723,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,sALta,Good
,Recommended,219990,25284478,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Emryx,Nice game
76561197961542248,Not Recommended,219990,31512810,Posted: 2 May,all,DarkKnight,Theres no reason to play this game bcz u can just cheat the best items in 5 min with no effort. And dead multiplayer
76561198012665161,Recommended,219990,22807545,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,hoshitsuki,"diablo clone, a bit too close to titan quest - you ment to improve upon it not copy most of the game , guys it is 2016 , go and check Lost Arc. other than that good mind numbing game"
76561198065201061,Recommended,219990,32148287,Posted: 3 June,all,john.silver.007,The game is okay if you wish to optimize your characters stats and watch how it works in battle. To be honest it is quite borring for me. Maybe I'm too old for that kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I recomend it for children 10-15 y.o.
76561198195032423,Recommended,219990,28803314,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,chubbs686,good game. controler support could use a little work
76561198032187197,Not Recommended,219990,27567369,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,capt_silents,I would recomend this game if it would not crash and force me to restart my computer everytime I play it.
,Recommended,219990,21507122,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Day,Probably the best ARPG EVER MADE ... Just a tad better than dota 2 so far ! .
76561198116356628,Not Recommended,219990,35498216,Posted: 5 October,all,nihilist74,"A pretty good diablo style click to move game. What is good about this game is that the world feels very open like an mmo world. There is a ton of quests to play through.What I dont like about the game is that the classes and class abilities are not very intriguing. The class abilities are not that interesting especially graphic wise.I also do not like that the game blocks you from using neatmouse and autohotkey to remap the mouse button. The game allows you remap the move, attack and interact functions to other keys but it doesnt allow you to map them to the same key. By default it is the left mouse button for all three. If you remap them, you have to remap them to seperate keys."
76561198073153063,Not Recommended,219990,29006619,Posted: 4 January,all,Don Edgy,"Note: This is a view from someone who has only played solo for the meantime.This may be good ARPG if you have someone to play it with. I only played this game solo for now and there's one big problem I have that makes me steer towards other ARPGs: the balancing is whack in solo. Here's why: a lot of mini bosses, bosses, and special enemies kill you too quickly. It would have been alright but the potion has a cooldown. Mainly in ARPGs you can spam the potions so that these types of enemies are still doable, not in here, it takes plenty of deaths to kill the later bosses, mini bosses, and special enemies. If I had a refund for this, I'd try other ARPGs.Edit: I reeeeeeaaaaaaally have buyer's remorse with this game. You will need a spreadsheet and the most optimal build to play this game decently. Just look at the comments this review received and you'll see that most of them is about trying out a different build which means that my original review about the balancing is true. Unless you won't stick to the best builds there's nothing this game can offer you because the mini-bosses/bosses really can kill you with 4-5 hits. Also expect your health to go down rapidly with the most annoying DoTs on top of DoTs on top of DoTs these enemies have. There wouldn't have been any balancing issue if the POTION DOESN'T HAVE A LONG COOLDOWN(about 5 seconds). And yeah, much like others, Diablo 2 was also the main ARPG I started. But unlike Garbage Dust here, in Diablo 2 atleast you can spam the potions so that you can go with any build and any playstyle.Edit2: This is still a good game, technically speaking(runs well enough, good visuals and audio). Try it for yourself... then prepare to rage quit, play again, rage quit, try the best builds found online/work on a spreadsheet, decently play with the build that you don't want but have to, realize that no other build other than their builds are viable, then have buyer's remorse."
76561197986464323,Not Recommended,219990,24721211,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Quasar,"TL:DR - If you like Titan Quest then you might like Grim Dawn.I am still on my first playthrough but I already want to write a review about the things Grim Dawn is doing well and where it fails.Let's start with the good things.The resemblence between Grim Dawn and Titan Quest is uncanny and not a bad thing in my book.The level design is great and invites you to explore it.Vendor weapons and armor are relevant and are occasionally on par with what you can find from mobs.Grim Dawn looks nice and has many different areas (Too bad we start in the bleakest of them all)Now let's take a look at the things that could've been betterBoring gameplay.I started the game as a Shaman and decided I wanted to stay that way until I tried every ability in my skilltree. What a mistake that was. I literally used one ability in that tree to get to level 31 because every other ability does either not synergize with the other abilites or is extremely weak. To this point in the game I autoattacked every enemy to death.Slow gameplayWe already established that I only have one ability that matters which means I have to slowly walk to every single enemy to beat them. Why didn't the developers take from Diablo or PoE and provided every skilltree with a unique movement ability?No enemy health bar unless you hover over themWhat killed me?This is like a theme in the game. You massacre you way through a dungeon and suddenly you're dead. Oh did I just miss the 4 level above me elite mob that was hidden in the crowd of mobs?Monster are almost always above your level. That can range from +0 to +5 which is just pointless since this game is linear and even after completing everything on our way we still find us lacking behind in levels.Equipment drops are random and like monsters often way above your level. Yep, good luck finding stuff that benefits your class/es.I love arpgs and Grim Dawn could be a good one with a few more adjustments."
76561198052982921,Not Recommended,219990,29077651,Posted: 6 January,all,Daikataro,"So after reading thru several reviews, and seeing all the acclaim this got, I decided on buying even tho it was on a moderate (30%) discount. I played past the 2 hours limit, hoping for the game and pace to start picking on and... never really got into it.Sure the dual classes system looks novel and potentially endless, until you realize all classes burn thru mana (well, energy) and the only difference between a demolitions guy and a sorcerer are the fact that one throws canisters of fuel while the other calls down firebolts, but spells are functionally the same, spend the same resource and accomplish roughly the same effect. Opening cinema was great, but rest of the game so far has been a letdown.The game pieces itself together out of several RPG basic elements and clichés (zombies, lizards, skeletons, mutated fauna), and delivers a world that does next to nothing to diferentiate itself from ten thousand other RPGs. No revolutionary combat system, no enemies that deviate from your garden variety zombies and giant rats, no innovation to world clearing, leveling up or resource conservation, everything's based on your usual fetch/kill x quests, but most of all, it fails like so many other RPGs, to engage the player; a good game hooks you in by the 30 minute mark, this one does absolutely nothing innovative for itself (you're the blank slate noname that happened to stumble upon the power to save this world, surprise surprise).Overall my veredict to this game is a solid meh. Sure I'll get to finish it (and if anything changes I'll be sure to alter review) when I have nothing better to play, but I would not recommend it for any RPG fan, it offers absolutely nothing that sets it apart from dozens of other mediocre RPGs, and the story isn't even that good, nor it feels like your choices and actions impact the gameworld or story whatsoever.6/10 don't buy unless discount is 60% or greater."
,Not Recommended,219990,31873456,Posted: 20 May,all,Al Djeafnte,"It has many of the same problems as Titan's Quest, but also many of the triumphs.Fundamentally speaking, this is Titan's Quest with a total conversion ontop of it.  All the system are going to be familiar with some tweaks.  Classes work the same way (except the skill tree is horizontal instead of vertical), and there's a secondary progression system to EXP.I haven't played TQ in a while, so I can't specifically compare, but it feels like this game isn't quite so endlessly long as Titan's Quest felt for me  (which made it daunting to want to play through more than once), but the bosses in Grim Dawn feel so underplayed, the whole game feels like it's one act of TQ.Now this is all well and good, except for many of the new things Grim Dawn brings to the table.The existence of Scrap and Dynamite serve such a sporatic use, and drop in such a specific manner, that it adds deliberate farming to the game to accomplish certain tasks.  While this already exists in how one would find the upgrade materials, they have a more specific use.  Crafting components would fall into this capacity if it weren't for that the core component that drops from certain enemies should never need to be farmed.There's also an additon of a Faction system and Bounties to support this.  This system undercuts the game in two different manners:  First, the faction system is straight out of an MMO, and requires time spent simply to raise these values.  You will find literally zero use out of the factions without this;  Second, there are mutually exclusive factions, and without looking up these factions, you can have no real concept of the value of choosing one over another.  Lastly, the bounty system requires faction to even unlock.  The entire system is daft at best.Then, we have the problem of leveling.   Monsters appear to level with you for large portions of the game, and so the gear they drop, which has level restrictions, will frequently be well outside of your level to equip (Most recent drop I got was +6 levels), leaving to a very neutered gear experience.The elements of the game offer some kind of replayability, but in a forced manner instead of an organic one.Beyond that, you're getting largely the TQ experience without it being rooted in any kind of historical context.Fundamentally, I'm not recommending the game because it feels like it tacked on game elements to TQ that detract from the overall experience."
76561198224688276,Recommended,219990,24661008,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Jolly,"Althoguh Grim Dawn is a Diablo-clone game, the game itself is decent and even better than Diablo 3. (Diablo 1and 2 are good, but not Diablo3) .If you like Action-RPG, you can not miss it."
76561198079081416,Recommended,219990,30535537,Posted: 15 March,all,animal,Great Game.
76561198042013751,Recommended,219990,24946382,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Smokey,just buy it
,Recommended,219990,21557735,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,sugary,more like grim yawn.
,Recommended,219990,23317612,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ㅌㅊ ㅜ ㅏㅂ ㅜㅐㅣㄷㄷ,gud gam
76561197985533183,Recommended,219990,24660796,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Venant,Buy it.
,Recommended,219990,23313307,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,iamzloy,Diablo's disabled not-relative brother.6/10.Не родной брат-инвалид Diablo.
,Not Recommended,219990,28079608,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Warfarer,It seem the game had given up on their security measure. That epic item you found while farming the mob? people can just pop it out of nowhere. So pvp kinda screwed if you an honest player.
,Not Recommended,219990,27009816,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,d.,eh
76561198061630960,Not Recommended,219990,33049594,Posted: 30 June,all,attilalendvai,"TL;DR: Grim Dawn, another generic-feeling D2 Clone from the team who brought us Titan Quest which fills the ARPG belly, but fails to satisfy the hunger. An ""ok"" ARPG to pass the time which falls short of greatness.POSITIVES:- Full controller support (for lean back, relax on the couch, give the carpel tunnel-prone click-fest a rest and run around hacking and slashing a la Baldur's Gate Dark Alliance on original Xbox)- Fully rotatable and zoomable camera- Feels a bit like D2 in spotsPROBLEMS:- Lacks visceral ""FEEL."" Sure you have the health bar as a visual cue, but I cannot count the times I died because I had no idea I was getting hit. D2 / D3 / PoE are MUCH MORE visceral and satisfying. Bone crunching, armour-scraping, explosions, the lot. You FEEL your character connecting hits and when he's getting hit. I rarely have to even look at the health bar in D3 or PoE. I just KNOW I need to heal, kite, or flat out run. In GD, I'm constantly checking in like a nanny on the health meter because of the complete lack of connection with the game world and what's happenning. The fourth wall is just too damn thick. GD fails to connect you to your character, and that's a BIG PART of a good ARPG. Which brings me to my next problem with GD...- I could care less. Seriously, GD simply doesn't make me care. Not about the world, its NPCs, the story (if there even is one, I couldn't tell...it's just busy-work quests as best as I can tell), not even my own character! Yeah, I fidget about with skills and builds on level-ups, but that's about it. Compare that to D3 when I transmog equipment just to make sure my character always ""looks awesome."" I CARE about the alter-ego I've created in this fantasy world, even if all I'm doing is grinding for gear and running bounties. Compare also to the FTP PoE that actually makes money with people who care so much for their alter-egos they are willing to pay real $$$ for cosmetic upgrades! In GD I'm just another generic character in another generic ARPG. Torchlight and Torchlight 2 suffered from this same problem as well.SUMMARY:Don't get me wrong: the MECHANICS are there. All the ARPG formula boxes are ticked, and in some cases moreso (see POSITIVES, above) but there's just something missing from the execution of the final product which leaves me utterly disconnected from the game, and disillusioned with the experience."
76561198020176447,Not Recommended,219990,28726244,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,joekiddsr,"One could argue that games are a waste of time; However, Grim Dawn appears to have been designed to be a complete waste of time, where choices, gear, leveling, skill and other aspects of the game have zero affect on the grind.  Everything levels to match how you level.  Probably one of the least rewarding arpgs i've ever played."
,Not Recommended,219990,23853147,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tizzy,"I wanted to love this game, I truly did. And, truth be told, I don't hate it. I've had a decent time with it so far - It doesn't have any noticeable bugs, it runs fine, and all of its systems perform just fine.Caveat: Just fine. That's how I'd describe the game, and the reason I can't possibly recommend it.See, Grim Dawn is a spiritual successor to Titan Quest, an ARPG released back in 2006 in the middle of a decade that was mostly dry of any such games. Since the release of Diablo 2 in 2000 and until the release of Torchlight in 2009 the only two RPGs of note were Titan Quest and Sacred 2 - And by when TQ released, even Sacred 2 was still way off. This meant that Titan Quest was basically the first 3D ARPG to actually be worth a damn, it did what it did well, and the setting helped it a lot. It was fun, it was nice, it was all a Diablo 2 fan could have wanted in an era where Blizzard refused to so much as acknowledge the existence of Diablo 3.Fast forward a full decade and, well, we get Grim Dawn. The ancient mythology has been changed for a custom world because of the impossibility to obtain the rights to the IP, but the game itself is... Well, calling it a spiritual successor to TQ is quite a mouthful. It may as well be a Titan Quest reskin with just a few quality of life improvements and a much blander, generic setting. And that's a problem, because a lot of things have happened since 2006 for ARPGs, and while other games have moved on Grim Dawn feels very much stuck in 2006. It plays just like Titan Quest did back then, with barely any gameplay upgrades (The graphics do look better tho), and with a storyline that, well, I don't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about. Now, to make this a bit simpler, I'll explain how I feel about each of the elements in the game:Graphics/Visual style: They're OK. I like the grim setting, but to be honest the whole thing looks rather generic, and I feel other games - Namely Path of Exile, which is free - have done this better. It's not an ugly game, not at all, but it just doesn't stand out when compared to other games of the same kind. Even Val Hensing's looks stand out, and of course if you're more into cartoonish looks you'll find Torchlight 2 or even Sacred 2 to be way better than this, because absolutely nothing stands out graphically here. Everything looks toned down and samey. Even Titan Quest had more of a characteristic look than this one, which means Grim Dawn is sort of a step backwards on that regard.Gameplay: Plays exactly like Titan Quest did, down to the ability trees following the same formula. The few things that were added are rather small, like a faith system that gives you small bonuses, and the reputation part of the game was much better done by the Val Hensing series. Honestly, if what you want is a game that you can play in tons of ways where classes feel fully different, you could go with Diablo 3 or Sacred 2. If what you want is customization, then Path of Exile does much better, for free. If what you want is average gameplay, Van Helsing will do it better than this one, with better graphics and storyline.Storyline/Worldbuilding: May as well not exist. I mean, it IS there but... yeah, no reason to care. Titan Quest had me caring because I knew of the setting beforehand - of course traversing the Styx meant something, because your average player had read about it in myths long before the game came around. The storyline and worldbuilding in Grim Dawn are samey, repetitive, and don't quite stand out. ARPGs aren't known for having deep stories, and some like Diablo 3 have downright terrible ones, but in this one there is just no reason to care. Van Helsing did a great job at giving you a story. Path of Exile gave your character a reason to do what he or she did. Sacred 2 also threw you into a storyline that was easy to understand right away. This one does neither.But perhaps the worst part in Grim Dawn is that the game simply has no charm at all. There's no identity to be found, where all other exponents of the genre have one. I found myself longing to get the witty comments of my ghost companion from VH while playing this, or hearing snark from the player character like in Sacred 2, or even the horrible one-liners from Diablo 3 that should have seen its writers sent to jail. But I got nothing, nothing at all. There's nothing in place to make the game fun beyond killing monsters in complete silence with a background track and monster sounds. There's no interaction whatsoever, whatever characters there are are paper-thin and the world doesn't really have much that stands out and pikes your curiosity.So it is based on all these things that I just can't recommend Grim Dawn. I'll keep playing the game, and it is moderately fun, but in the end my review comes down to one thing: Should I recommend this game to people looking for a good ARPG, when there's so much better out there?The answer is no, I shouldn't. Because the game is at best average and at worst anchored to a decade that's gone. There's better out there, and while I'm sure most will enjoy this, you'll likely enjoy this game's main competitors more - and you can find those at a fraction of the price, or for free, if you know where and when to look for them. Skip this unless you absolutely felt Titan Quest was the epitome of an ARPG and don't want absolutely any changes on the formula, because for all the things this game does reasonably well it just doesn't advance the genre at all, when other titles since 2006 have done so."
,Recommended,219990,21954697,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,harralander in runescape,"Remove the Autosniper!It happens so often, that a team, which plays very bad, gets the win! Only because of this noob weapon. Its so boring and frustrating to die every round because of a guy, who only sprays with the Autosniper.If they play with balanced weapons, they are extremely bad and lose. Eveytime, when anyone plays this weapon, the half of the own team is only griefing or disconnecting. So its a really undeserved win for them and my whole team doesnt play CS:GO anymore the whole day. And THATS annoying!My Opinion:CS:GO is a skillbased game and the autosniper is a weapon, that doesnt need any skill.So please do anything Valve! Remove or nerf this weapon! Nobody, who wants to play skillbased needs it and its only a disability for me and my team!Don't be like Call of Duty <- rly bad game!"
,Not Recommended,219990,28659763,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Resting_Bitchface,I'd recommend it had I bought it for the great single player experience. The fact that friends and I bought this for the sole purpose of multiplayer means I can not recommend it. It's almost 2017 and this is an arpg that can not do something as simple as multiplayer. Fix it!
76561198006489176,Not Recommended,219990,24721763,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,"Mr, Magister","So after re visting and spending a few more hours in the game as a Ocultist/rogue. i have found some of my original issues false but still found issues with my own Personal taste that made this game good but not interesting enough to continue.Pros:1:Multi classing and devotion system seems to allow endless possiblities for any build you could imagine.2:The combat is well balanced (on veteran dificulty) creating an enjoyably challenging experience.3:World has plenty of secret areas to find and explore with dangerous bosses awaiting you that may be far beyond your level but if you can take them down the rewards are great.4: Items have tons of stats so that eventually no matter what your build you will find gear.Cons:1: UI is hard to look at and navigate as well as my first play through i wasnt even aware how to gain skills i had to take a  moment after lvl 8 to try and find where the skill tree was. you can call me dumb but with a UI that i dont want to look at i will end up missing something.2:Skills have very confusing explainations and i honestly didnt understand what my abilites were doing most of the time until i tried them out a few times and re read the skill a few times over.3: the world though beautiful to some didnt grab me nor did any character design, boss or armor that i seen through ONLY the first Chapter though. but by that point they move you to a even less intersting bandit area.4:Voice acting pulls you out of the story if you were every drawn in at all (there was some good notes and books to read)Overall i blame the reason i couldnt play this game purely on the aesthetics of the game. UI character, items, particle and animations. NOT to say that some people wont Enjoy this style because its Not bad its just not what i was looking for.6/10 good but only playable if you have nothing to play. This is personal preference and you should take a look at other reviews before deciding ultimatly whether or not to buy."
,Recommended,219990,26178126,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,SHOCKCABLE,Pros:Descent dungeon game3rd personExcelent grapghicsGreat storyCons:Limited ClassesNot Multiplayer
76561198046500335,Not Recommended,219990,29755285,Posted: 6 February,all,afrosheenninja,"Cannot recommend the game at this time because of persistent hard crashes. I barely set foot out of town and, without fail, my screen goes black.I am looking up potential fixes, but as of this moment I cannot get this software to run in a stable way. If I can sort this out, I will update this review."
76561198044826349,Not Recommended,219990,24605855,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Burnered,"My best explanation is this game has potential...sadly not realised. Game is interesting enough and progresses ok then towards end game it flops and sputters and the part where potential could be is a sad shadow.1. Game is a lesson in frustration for drops -- constantly equiped with gear 20-30 lvls below current level after lvl 35 because of how rng loot drops are with rolls.2. After 100 playtime hours never had all items drop for a set...most i had was one set I found 3/5 set pieces, and quite a few sets i found 2 for ranging from 3-5 total set.3. Found quite a few legendaries probably 40 different ones -- only 2 were for my character and of the 2 only 1 was for my build with the character woot.I did play quite a bit but most was just to finish the character, but realised it would take far to long for how little joy i got out of playing."
,Not Recommended,219990,25358965,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,BERSERK3R,"My experience from beating this on Veteran with a 43 Demo/Arcanist (Sorcerer):Story and setting are cool.The variety of classes is really an awesome idea.Starts out fun with steady progression, however experience gain becomes a slow and tedious grind later on.Loot is really, really, rare. While that is good, with the slow experience gain moving through the game seems to drag on.Boss battles are uninterested and rather tedious."
76561198070988066,Not Recommended,219990,31703566,Posted: 12 May,all,Conker,"Pretty fun. Gets annoying redoing same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over when you make a new game with friends.Main annoyance is every new class is a ♥♥♥♥ing caster and they wont add unarmed/vigilante class like was mentioned ages ago, just a caster, then a caster, followed by another caster, and they all do relatively same♥♥♥♥♥♥Id keep playing it if they'd actually add a class that interests me and isnt another slighly different flavor of cater support."
76561198093887976,Not Recommended,219990,25440464,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Panteni,"If you buy this game solely for the multiplayer, don't do it. You will never know for sure wether or not you can connect to a person. One day it can be working fine, the next day it wil fail on you.If you buy this for the singleplayer experience: buy it! If you love the progression tree from Titan Quest and the atmosphere of Diablo 2, do it.Beware though, you can have a lot of issues with your graphics crashing."
76561197998343444,Not Recommended,219990,25135263,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Fatal Error,If you like playing single player this is a good ARPG for offline. If you like playing with others occasionally and do not like hackers editing their characters with any gear/stats they want. This game isn't for you. I suggest you try Path of Exile it is a good isometric arpg. They have closed servers so you do not have to worry about hackers. If you like first person ARPG (old school) I suggest you try Kings and Heroes they also have closed servers.
,Not Recommended,219990,26195071,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,bitmapkid,"The game is decent in single player although there are quite a few annoying bugs and the user interface is quite inconvenient at times. Overall it's a game with good ideas but that lacks a lot of polishing.The experience in multiplayer is really bad though, both when playing co-op with friends or in public games. There are always connection issues, random display bugs (e.g. other players' character are not displayed but are still in the game) and even finding a multiplayer game is a tedious task. Mainly it's because of the UI that doesn't provide any kind of quick matchmaking and the game server filters are reset every time you start a multiplayer game.The ""matchmaker"" server is actually down from time to time and the developers seem to be only aware of this when people report problems in the forums. And even then, if it happens on a Friday you can expect that nobody will fix this (or post any update) until the next Monday. :(Source:http://www.grimdawn.com/forums/showthread.php?t=46539"
76561198039230765,Recommended,219990,23794156,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,RatKing (King of the Rats),I don't think ive seen a bigger rip-off of minecraft in my 5 years being aliveCrunes:WaspsWaspsWaspsSpidersPrunes:Can Kill Wasps♥♥♥♥ Spiders
76561198033223238,Not Recommended,219990,28610369,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Wasted,"""Full controller support"", yeah... no."
76561198011452665,Recommended,219990,7748083,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Otter,As alphas go this game is advanced in my opinion. I cannot wait for the full game to out.
76561198271728691,Recommended,219990,23776463,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Methuzilla,"it's ok, i bought it.."
,Recommended,219990,28712542,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Neko-Nomikon,"Aperfectblend of ARPG goodness. If you like Diablo or Torchlight, this will 110% be your thing.Great variety of enemies to fight, weapons to use and locations to visit."
,Not Recommended,219990,30762307,Posted: 26 March,all,PhaseOne,"I really liked the game alot when i started playing it but the end game is as usual boring as hell und the crucible mod is pretty much brain afk killing wave after wave - the classes are cool and the items look nice but there is no chance for it to be nearly as good and motivating as Diablo for ex. and thats what ARPGs are all about, getting better and better but playing a campaign over and over is just boring."
,Not Recommended,219990,32728430,Posted: 24 June,all,Galapagos Turtle,Constant crashes during multiplayer sessions which was the only reason I bought this game. No work around found even using lan to be able to have 3 people or more join a multiplayer without it crashing for the host. Hardware it not an issue as we have cycled all hosts. Game broke don't buy unless you want to play alone.
,Not Recommended,219990,27789026,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ghoul,Multiplayer HORRIBLE LAGS.
76561197969019226,Not Recommended,219990,23554443,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Asoth,"not that bad but gamemechanics is quite boring, you re encouraged to maximized one, or two skills to get right damage output, making repetive gameplay.not bad, but not as good as path of exile."
76561198024413379,Not Recommended,219990,29852658,Posted: 11 February,all,maxiumspeed66,Very good game lots of fun. BUT the nerfs that they do is very annoying. I cannot recommend this game for that reason.If you like to put hours in a character and get him dialed in just right then bam nerf then you'll love this game.Sorry crate you made a good game but are ruining in. Glad i only payed $12 for the game.
76561198094840148,Not Recommended,219990,33593331,Posted: 16 July,all,Archimedex,"I mean.. there's some good ultraviolence and depth in this game.It's quite polished and the graphics are great.The music is great!For a game developped by a small team of about 10 people.. wow!But.At its core, this is a walking simulator for nerds.A completionist's wet dream.You have to literally go everywhere and click on everything.Ever wanted to find Backtracking Heaven? This is it.Movement speed is caped at 135% and movement skills are few and pretty much unusable.It all feels slow and tedious.But bulls and spiders can accelerate faster than NASA's latest space shuttle or straight out teleport to be on top of you in a split second. Can I have the same ability pls?Most of the time it's a walk in the park.. only everything dies around you.And the park is an endless self-similar maze..I feel like I've seen this before..Mr Skeleton, have I seen you before?Are you the same skeleton?Oh, you are THE Skeleton, the one I've seen in 5 trillion other games.. oh OK.I imagine a creative meeting at Crate Entertainment. Morning. The coffee machine works today, so everyone feels energized and creative.- Sooo... Skeletons?- Nonononono.. better! Cowboys!- It's fine guys, c'moan.. cowboys.. AND skeletons!- Wait, guys, wait. Guys! I've got it! Cowboys....shooting skeletons!OK.. End game. There is none. There's not much to do aside from walking slowy from A to Z, 3-4 times, and then farming some areas.. There are a few ugly rifts/instances I don't care much about. And that's that, the space is, or at least feels really limited.I think this is why everything is so slow. Small world, filled with details, and you better cover all or most of it.It's like.. Hey, we worked so hard to put 10000 places to click on, you better click on all of them, and make us happy.I did. Maybe they're happy. But I'm not.Should I go into the bugs? Neah. None game breaking. Just enough to annoy me.Except for one. When you run out of Aether some of your always-ON abilities get toggled OFF. And then you discover you've been strangely underpowered for a while.. maybe when it's too late. That's probably not a bug, it's a feature. Either way, no thanks. I want abilities that are always ON to stay always ON.GD is definitely a solid, polished game, it's got a fair amount of depth in the Skills, Gear, Upgrades department.. some good number-crunching for the nerdy types. More than your average Diablo clone. The lore is very Diablo-ish, it probably tries to offer people a true, modern Diablo experience. Maybe that's why it's so unoriginal and unimaginative. But the atmosphere is great and the art is great. I'm sure a lot of people try out new builds again and again.. and find it fun, and don't suffer brain damage.Somewhere between Other Diablo Clones and Path of Exile. Closer to Other Diablo Clones."
,Not Recommended,219990,25953620,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Zid Hartman,"The Framerate is unstable.Do not purchase if you don't like the unstable framerate game(randomly stuttering).my spec, i7 3.4GHz , 16GB Ram , 970M 6GBingame setting, turn off cloud saving, all low or off Graphic option.but unstable."
,Not Recommended,219990,28675009,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Albab,"In terms of gameplay, I can't really comment.This review is based entirely on the poor performance I experienced.Game ran very well at around 90fps initially,then it crashed while I looking at the skilltree (around 15 minutes in).I reloaded the game which now ran at 25-30 fps (out of combat).Tried several solutions to address these performance issues,none had any effect.i5 4690GTX 7708GB RAM"
,Not Recommended,219990,28673763,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Thufir Hawat,"I bought this game following the good reviews and lots of people claiming that it's what Diablo 3 meant to be. But eventually I ended up refunding it - whatever I did I could not make frame rate at some playable level. Low, Medium, High settings regardless, smaller screen resolution."
76561198078602128,Not Recommended,219990,29162690,Posted: 10 January,all,AsianInvasion,"1/10/20171/10 for now because the game keeps crashing everytime I quit/exit the game!!!!As of right now, I dont recommend..."
76561198030787073,Not Recommended,219990,33317429,Posted: 6 July,all,Keveras,"I just can't recommend this game. They did a lot right with this game but in the end it's just not enjoyable.I'll start with the pro's- Half of the character classes are quite fun- Good skill trees that you can multiclass with and craft a unique character to your play style- The devotion tree adds another element to making a character fun and unique- Great inventory tab with lots of stats information to pour over- Fun crafting systemCons- The other half of the classes (magic classes) are really quite boring- Very little enemy variety- Reputation system locks out quests that are important to progressing as a character- The final boss is a major let down, never even felt threated that I was going to die- The Crucible DLC is just a loot fest- Using guns allows too many exploits by shooting into areas that are blocked by a gate, fence or other objectIn the end this game has some fun classes but it's only so enjoyable when the game doesn't present a tough challenge with the end boss. Doing skeleton key areas are the only challenge and that is a major let down to me. So much potential squandered."
,Not Recommended,219990,32800716,Posted: 25 June,all,rozenstad,"From all the other reviews I'm sure it has a great combat system that I've yet to flesh out during my shorter playtime, but to me all this game represents is a combat oriented arpg that is lacking in the npc interaction and story department. Aside from combat it's just not a multifaceted game.Anyways, if you value a game based on the arpg combat alone then this would be the game for you. Even though I can't love the game it'll still provide a way for me to kill time. I'll play it and wash down the aftertaste with some Stardew Valley or something. Overall, this is my not my best purchase to date."
,Not Recommended,219990,33299348,Posted: 5 July,all,Caotico09,"I loved Titan Quest. I wore out my original CD, and then bought it on steam and did another playthrough. Grim Dawn is the spiritual sequel to Titan Quest. It does everything a sequel should- it keeps the core of the game while adding on new features, options, and a brand new campaign filled with interesting looking creatures.So why the negative review? TLDR: Put simply, the additions are poorly implemented, a few changes are extremely frustrating, and the game feels completely unbalanced. Play TQIT or TL2 first. Play this one if you are bored with others. Read on for details.EDIT: VERY IMPORTANT. Grim Dawn will lock up your computer if you use a firewall that blocks .exe's from accessing internet. I use ZoneAlarm. It brings up a prompt everytime i open a new game. I generally hit the windows button, click 'Allow' and go on. Grim Dawn locked up. No Windows button. End task didnt work. End process didnt work. End process tree didnt work. First game ive played that End Process Tree did not do anything. I ended up having to shutdown. So tip: manually allow it before opening!Negatives:Creative Decisions:TLDR: Spawning sucks. + A few nitpicks.Spawning. The number one issue i have with this game is how Spawn/Check points are handled. Simply put, there are no Check Points, and the only spawn point is the main towns (2 in the first ~40 hours of play). So whenever you load, or you die, you start in the town. You can then use one of the few portals, or your placed one, to travel around. This sounds OK. But it seems like the game was made to feel more 'open-worldy'. This means that areas are HUGE. Some of the dungeons are HUGE. I thought that TL2's spawning at the start of the dungeon was annoying, in comparison, this game is mind-numbing.Loot. Two issues- 1) Chests no longer have names when loot is toggled. Its an annoyance that un-needed. 2) Loot in TQ was pretty tied to creatures. That awesome spiky spider armor, the insect carapace that i finished the playthrough with my summoner wearing, Giant's clubs, TigerMan Axes, etc etc. In GD the vast majority of monsters dont drop loot. This makes the game less interesting. I kill a mob of 10-20 units and don't get a single drop. Boring. The only ones i can think of are the spirit's weapons, and blood-mage wands.Screens. Come on, make the inventory screen bigger. The size of the bag buttons is ridiculous. Enough said.BalancingTLDR: Very weak mobs. Very strong bosses. Ranged seems slightly overpowered.Basically it all boils down to one issue: the power jump between mobs and bosses is too extreme. The game would feel 100x better if # of units in a mob decreased, but their strength was massively increased.Normal units are swarmy, but very weak (note that i played on Veteran). They die sooo easy, they don't feel like unique creatures. They are boring. (Example i wrote down: Me: A level 18 mage, ~1400 health. A level 19 zombie hits for ~20-30 health. Boring).Archers always do more damage then standard melee. They feel slightly OP in comparison. This might be a resistance issue, but i saw the same thing with my weapons. In most instances, especially early game, there are no downsides to not using ranged.OK. So you have been one hitting everything, except maybe those pesky yellows (that take 2-4). Then you run into either a single boss, or a group of 2-3 unique creatures. The game dynamic shifts dramatically, the difficulty is fine, the issue is the shift.Poor Implementations:Side Quests suck. Repetitive, Doesn't take into account if already accomplished, Rewards suck. Example: I kill the mage in the hidden passage. Get new side quest to kill mage, i cant because he is dead. So i reload, and kill mage again. Get a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor reward. Go to next quest table. Get new side quest to kill mage. Reload. Kill mage a third time. Get more crappy rewards (one reward i remember for a different quest was $800. I made that selling a single weapon i picked up on that quest. ridiculous).Reputation system is blegh. It is very superficial. Game would play exactly the same without it.The astrology seems interesting... It is also too confusing to use without consulting a guide or a list showing what each one does.Hidden areas are one of the best additions. You access them through fake walls and well disguised openings. Unfortunately, another source of frustration (most fake walls are obvious though). Others are disguised too well. What is the difference between that part of the river i can 'secretly' cross, and that one i cant? Nothing. Why cant i go through this large opening between two trees but i can go through this other smaller one? IDK."
76561198258879894,Recommended,219990,30605063,Posted: 18 March,all,Sunshine,"Much wow, such gaem"
76561198048337686,Not Recommended,219990,22999134,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,fazimodo,"Update: Gave this game a second chance about a year later. Still MP lobby doesn't even show ping. And devs are making DLC instead of fixing this.The biggest problem with this game is multiplayer lobby.If you want to play mutlipoayer but have no friends who play this game avoid it.Getting on with random people to play the same act of the game is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ There is completely no information on which quests the players you would want to play with are, the ping of the game is not showed, so you can join the game just to quit it after you see the game is on chinese server and you are from europe. Rinse and repeat. Till you find a game you really would like to play after hours of searching.The game itself is also boring for HnS. There are couple of interesting ideas but they alone can't make game great.The story is not interesting, graphics are actually pretty bad and also boring, everything looks the same gritty brown-grey pulp. Boss fights are not exciting. Loot is also not interesting. Character skills are not unique for the game like this, actually they are set of most standard skills for HnS - which again doesn't excite."
76561198052690328,Not Recommended,219990,25385388,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,pete8587,"Pretty monotonous to be honest. I played for about an hour and it was nothing special. Boring story line. If you are a hardcore hack n slash type gamer you will most likely love this though. Personally, spending long periods of time killing hordes of enemies over and over isn't awesome."
,Recommended,219990,22119013,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,(•‿•) ßärräcüdä,Titan Quest and Diablo 2 Successor with a pinch of Van Helsing style in it. Pretty darn good.
,Not Recommended,219990,34386074,Posted: 20 August,all,Maj /// Minase // Kyle,"Better than Diablo 3 (by far), better than P.O.E. gameplay/loot wise but unfortunately the big drawback to this game is multiplayer.  It's only local hosting no mega servers or MMO experience or anything like that.So unless you have friends youre always playing single player.  It's a bit lonely.But, great game.  Quality.EDIT:Sorry had to thumbs down because apparently you can just hack this game into nothing.  Hack your character to level 85, hack in all the items you want, hack it all.    Takes away any incentive to actually play the game."
,Not Recommended,219990,28255789,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Slotoburn,Obscure quest objectives and a progression system that just does not feel fun.
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,219990,24916815,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,matt1184,"Decent game, but freezes every few hours.Update: Freezes every thirty minutes or so.  Ugh.  Unless you declock your video card.  SillyUpdate 2: The mosters get stronger when you leave the game.  So, unless you plan on sitting down for like 40 hours, you will probably find this game frustrating.  Especially later in the game."
,Not Recommended,219990,26470784,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,I still don't know why they removed the item highlight on destructables and chests.
,Not Recommended,219990,28282396,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Riperino™,"Its not playable with controller only. You still need a keyboard. Cant understand why the controller support is so bad in a game similar to diablo, which is awesome on both pc and console. No relaxed evening with beer on my sofa, slicing the hordes on big screen :/"
76561198004538351,Recommended,219990,10044794,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Buzzerker,"this game is downright awesome, It's still being built and it is a big , challenging game so far , I have many games so I haven't really finished what they have made so far but what I have seen I like , it 's made really well just like Immortal Throne only better if that is possible.Lots of zombies to kill , giant blood sucking mosquitos , wasps, mutated animal life and other demonic monstrosities some of them really big and nasty! they even have firearms and explosives as well as melee weapons, and magic!  I hope this game is as huge as Titan Quest Immortal Throne was ,and as creative , so far it hasn't disappointed me in any way. when you buy it you will see how large the map is and it is not a cake walk to just go where you please you have to fight to do so and leveling gets you more power and skills sets, they recently introduced crafting, but the game already had upgrades for weapons as part of the loot you could get from defeating boss monsters or completeing quests.  These developers have done a great job so far I can't wait to see the new content as it is made and put into the game."
76561198020643686,Not Recommended,219990,33729472,Posted: 22 July,all,supPs,Titan Quest AE is better than this game.  Everyone says the story is good in this game but I thought it was boring. I would say its worth about five dollars.
,Not Recommended,219990,32706992,Posted: 23 June,all,RainWind,"It felt like a really cheap diablo knock off.  Even many of the monsters seemed straight out of diablo.  It also seemed to lack the same polish diablo has.  It's not a bad game, I just felt that I would rather play diablo.  The class system especially didn't feel anywhere near as interesting.  After about an hour both myself and the friend I was playing with agreed it just felt meh and we gave up on it.  Maybe it gets more enjoyable, but we weren't interested in investing any more time finding out."
76561198071677304,Not Recommended,219990,24806342,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Doctor Owl,"I've been a huge fan of hack n slash dungeon crawlers for a long time. Fiance and I love co-op games and are always looking for more to play. We've done Torchlight, Victor Vran, Diablo, Van Helsing etc. and after hearing great reviews about Grim Dawn decided to finally pick it up.I have to say it was a headache from the start.I know not everyone agrees, but I myself prefer to use a gamepad/controller whenever I can, especially in games with excessive clicking as it kills my wrist (I'm looking at you, torchlight...) so for ergonomic purposes I prefer a controller. I was thrilled to see ""FULL CONTOLLER SUPPORT"" on the store page, so we both got our controllers set up, got the LAN game running, and then spent about 20 minutes trying to figure out why the controllers didn't work. Well, apparently what the devs consider ""full controller support"" actually means ""Lol some buttons work, but not all of them, and definitely not in the usual configuration that every other game in history has ever used."" Left and right TRIGGERS to select items and advance dialogue? Not ""A"" button? Wtf? We couldn't even navigate the menu or speak to the first npc in the game, had to give up and resort to the old mouse and keyboard. I figured, fine, whatever, I'll just use the damn mouse.It just got worse from there. Horrible confusing UI and lack of information. Tutorial tips will occasionally pop up, but only when you DONT need them to, and block your screen so you can't see what you're reading/clicking on/fighting. That happens a lot by the way- things popping up randomly on screen and blocking your view. Hell, even the world items like trees and shacks and rocks and tombstones etc. all block your view a lot so be prepared to rotate the camera constantly. One time in an underground area I was in the middle of a huge fight with a dozen enemies, and somehow through the onslaught of clicking (as a hack and slash, this game REALLY pushes the ""click everything repeatedly"" strategy) and SOMEHOW accidentally clicked on a shrine (Shrine? What's a shrine? The game doesn't tell you ANYTHING so everything is new and confusing) which opened a huge window that blocked my entire screen and I nearly died. That was fun...Speaking of confusing, the game is unecessarily complicated. I LOVE lore. I love learning and delving deep into history and bestiaries and all the dark secrets of games. I've spent THOUSANDS of hours in other games doing just this. But Grim Dawn really throws you into the dark and then everyone else acts like they know wtf is going on, when you don't. Not just the story and plot but also the entire game mechanics. What does this skill do? What type of damage is this? What's the difference between frostburn and cold? What do all these skills do??? Each skill is explained in a  long paragraph purposely obfuscate and convoluted essay about the history of arcane arts and then at the end says ""does 2-4 fire damage"" with no real explanation of wtf the skill / power / item / weapon/ whatever actually DOES. If you like mysteries and being confused a lot, this is the game for you, but it seems the devs wanted to make their game really deep and dark and edgy and purposely complicated, when it was not necessary. I may have felt a bit lost in Dark Souls but this is a whole nother level. Once you discover the Devotions screen you'll understand what I mean by ""overwhelming...""Despite being complex the game itself is actually quite boring, the plot is generic and the enemy AI is very predictable. Battles are soooo repetitive, it's literally just clicking simulator 2016, and I've played plenty of ARPGs but this is too much. There's no point in any real strategy or tactics or theory crafting because anyone who clicks fast enough and pushes hotkeys fast enough can win.Multiplayer is a joke too, I'm not sure WHY the devs decided that NPC dialogues system in multiplayer works where ONLY ONE PERSON can listen to an NPC, and everyone else gets locked out of dialogue. Meaning whoever talks to the NPC must parrot back the whole conversation to the other players or they won't know what happened. Why???? Every other multiplayer game has been able to deal with this fine. Grim Dawn really enjoys leaving its players in the dark...Loot is also quite uninspired and samey, at just level 5 I was already selling 99% of my loot because it's garbage, its just another ""collect everything, go sell everything, collect everything, go sell everything"" clone where once in a blue moon you might find something good.I had high hopes but I think I'll just stick with Diablo, or PoE, or go try out Titan Quest since Grim Dawn is apparently the successor to TQ. Other people love this game and swear it's amazing so it might be worth trying out but to me it just seems very unfinished and not worth my time.  I know I'm not the only one who feels this way as there are hundreds of other people all chiming in with their disappointment as well. This game is either ""love it"" or ""hate it"" so it's up to you."
,Not Recommended,219990,31686453,Posted: 11 May,all,TripSin,"I don't know. I'm just not a fan of this. I think Path of Exile is a better game than this and Path of Exile is free.Edit: Sorry to you saltyt fanboys but this is my own subjective opinion. And it PoE being free is relevant. When I found Grim Dawn to be boring, not only did I waste time, but I wasted money. If I had been bored of PoE, I would've wasted time but not money. But I actually enjoyed playing PoE. Grim Dawn's combat and customization I just found boring and had no motivation to keep playing."
76561198007452605,Not Recommended,219990,23212990,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,YourLordAmit,"I hate level scaling. I understand I'm in the minority - most folks seem to like the scaling.If I had known this game had it, I wouldn't have bought it (and so wouldn't have left a negative review). But the store page doesn't make that clear at all, and I only discovered the scaling after 6 hours of playing the game."
,Recommended,219990,23830098,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,シェーン,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ัส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์Now that I have your attention: Love me.
,Not Recommended,219990,28750147,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Azor Ahai,"pros:* Loot system* character build options (combining classes and devotion depth)* quite alot of questscons:Despite all of those positives reviews this game was big dissapointment for me . Game itself is way too easy without option  to make it harder no challenge whatsoever (not counting HC), it might start being harder on second difficulty around lvl 55 . Also not being able to reset mastery points ( they should implement atleast partial reset). And last part is grinding Since game doesnt have big replaybility when you reach max level , compared to D3   .5/10"
,Not Recommended,219990,23663037,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,UnexplainedGravy,"Game is amazing, if you play singleplayer, amazinggg.If you want to play Multiplayer, I see multiple users are having issues joining / hosting multiplayer games. Getting error ""Unable to connect""Apparently there are other users with this same issue :(Will change rating once issue is fixed, but for now, I can't recommend since multiplayer is important for me"
76561197963687143,Not Recommended,219990,22819795,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Colonel ClusterchunX,Game has a serious amount of potential and is similar to Titan Quest which is an excellent game.Why don't i recommend this?Grim Dawn has a serious problem with graphic drivers. I am one of the many players that purchased the game and while playing your screen will turn black although you will hear sounds the game is unrecoverable. It happens everytime you play the game until you find a graphics driver that works.If you are like me and you only play hack n slash rpgs with a friend the multiplayer is also unstable. Every time i have played multiplayer the host connection stays good but the joining player will end up with a ping so high it will be unable to do anything in the game. We tried changing who hosted the game and the same thing happened.So to summarize we have a game with great potential but right now it's busted and way overdue on a patch.Final note: 6.8 Hr playtime i've had to reboot the game at least 24 times due to the black screen bug.
76561197962020893,Not Recommended,219990,23020259,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,R33B00T,My first review ever but felt I had to write this one since I Thoroughly enjoyed the game!This game is everything Diablo II was except for the cinematics and endgame.I'ts not as polished or budgeted so expect a thinner experience lore and game- wise.The voice acting (which only exists for a handful of characters throughout the game) isflacid and unenticing but serves its purpose.Final thoughts would be that the ending completely and utterly falls short and makes me wish I DID NOT buy the game.Even tho I had a really good time of it all the ending was so anticlimactic and lukewarm that I uninstalled the game directly afterwards in hopes of an expansion.There is no more to do after the game has ended but farm (and that I can do in ANY other game why pick this one?) and to even UNDERSTAND that the game had ended I had to google it. After hitting a stillstanding punchingbag for 10 minutes I went back and got a questloot that didn't even correspond with my character (got magic offhand while being dualwielding beast) and then there was just nothing more.The empty space left me with a feeling of unaccomplished anguish like reading the Harry Potter series but never getting the last book because the writer suddenly felt like changing careers.This game as it stands will get two scores.8/10 for gameplay (it really is fantastic)and 2/10 for immersionEND SCORE; 3/10 (only buy this on sale or when expansion is out.)
76561198059908762,Not Recommended,219990,25229909,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,KIKOCTOPUS,"Boring terrible game. It brings nothing new to the genre, and it doesn't even have any cute outfits. These clouds are anything but sick. 1/10*updated review to copy and paste an essay that i typed out in the comment section to respond to the game devs response because it couldn't fit there.*The bulk of the 300 hours, that i'm guessing you're insinuating that i've gotten my money's worth, were spent alt+tabbed watching videos of better games or trying to come up with reasons i should continue playing through the repetitive content (i.e. reused zone layouts throughout every difficulty, bland skill design etc etc).In actuality the majority of my time playing the game was pre-release, coming back and checking out the game to see if it was worth playing. Once the game actually came out I gave it some more time and honestly? still feels pretty incomplete. Being a game dev for an ARPG i'm sure you're probably aware that generally ARPGs are known for being large time sinks and 300 hours isn't really that high. Instead of taking the time to rapidly respond to negative reviews maybe you could spend some of that time coming up with a better DLC than some terrible arena arcade mode that should have come with the base game. I get that not every game is going to live up to my expectations and that's cool, much like every person isn't going to like your game and i'd say trying to make a snarky comment to discount someones review isn't exactly the best way to go about things."
76561198073243519,Not Recommended,219990,29029125,Posted: 5 January,all,-=Terry East=-,"over rated, over hype, repeat gameplay"
,Not Recommended,219990,25372331,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Solid ARPG, not for me.Favorite Thing: The gameplay is pretty fun and chaotic.Least Favorite Thing: The story takes a back seat and it only functions to move things along. There's very little of it.Playtime: ~ 25hEnjoyment: 6/10Recommendation: If you're a fan of this type of ARPG, yes. If you're looking for a good story, no."
76561198033222306,Not Recommended,219990,26480202,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DolphinGSX,"Am i rly only one who feels that endding was a bit ""fast"" or ""too opened"" ?  The game is good in the core - rly good start, butit doesn't leave me atleast courious about the rest of the story after finishing the game.."
,Not Recommended,219990,29028254,Posted: 4 January,all,×Gamer★Senpai×,"TL;DRSave your money and replay Diablo 2. Or just play Diablo 3 and stop hating. At least it works.I wanted to like this game but I only got about an hour of gameplay out of it. The rest of my ""play time"" is me trying to fix the damn game.Every time, within 30 seconds of launching, screen goes blank, sound freezes, PC locks up and I have to hard reboot. After searching Steam forums, Grim Dawn's forums, and googling the issues, I discovered that many people are having the same problem. None of the solutions I've tried work. The game is unplayable and one would think that after almost a year, a fix would have been provided. This is not a cutting-edge graphics game. These problems shouldn't exist."
76561198004228550,Recommended,219990,9751578,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,johngonzalez,There is something wrong with this game. I just bought it and the mouse pointer does not work in the game. Can it be fix or is there something wrong with the game?
,Not Recommended,219990,24759379,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SMFC[Let's Speak English],"Only mods can make this game greatCons#Stash is too small to gather many sets or gather sets for other characters#No full respec option#Skills feel weak if not maxed#At lvl 45-50+- progress becomes rly slow and boring, even when you open elite mode- you get garbage expPros#Dark atmosphere#Gore and blood#Dualclass optionThis could be fun if there would be more skill points to max out more skills, as it is now its damn boring after lvl 40..  + I still am not using dual class just cas i don't even have skill points to max skills in main class, so whats the point of dualclass then?  Have garbage hybrid with low level skills?Even when you finish game and start in Elite - your exp is so low, when you started game you had to kill 10 mobs to get level up, when you start in elite - make it 1000!"
,Not Recommended,219990,25446762,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,anull,"Grim Dawn is a case of ""quantity over quality"". This holds true for all of its game mechanics, items, characters and monsters. It plucks ideas from most isometric action RPGs that came before it, munges them together and expects the result to be deep and compelling by virtue of its complexity while doing nothing particularly new or innovative. The game is unbalanced and bland, especially since the RNG is strong with this one. It's a heavy grid with a flimsy non-story in an uninspired realisation of the otherwise rich and compelling Warhammer universe; another reason its dreary and generic dullness is so baffling.It sucked me in nonetheless, as these types of games do, but it's just boring and I felt I had done and seen everything before in better, earlier games."
,Not Recommended,219990,26403622,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Hedi,does get boring after a while
,Recommended,219990,30564510,Posted: 17 March,all,木戊,Yesterday I bought this game and now it's 50% OFF，WTF??:(
76561198163602691,Not Recommended,219990,26592930,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TheBeast,COULD WE FINNALY FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING MOTION BLUR PROBLEM WITH THIS GAME PLEASE DEVS FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥OTHERWISE GIVE ME ♥♥♥♥ING REFUND
76561198049530632,Not Recommended,219990,27887538,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,marktulip76,boring. if all you like doing is clicking the left mouse button over and over again then this is the game for you. they are the only controlls you need.
76561198027112180,Not Recommended,219990,33070814,Posted: 30 June,all,JayCray,"Game claims it has gamepad support, but it has no button prompts for a controller. This has to be the most archiac controlls I have seen on pc in a very long time."
76561198086562406,Not Recommended,219990,29942046,Posted: 15 February,all,anxiety,"The game is great, one of the best ARPG I know. I could only play 40 minutes because it has many problems, the vast majority could solve them but not the last one, it crashed the PC, not the game, but the PC. The monitor lost signal, basically the PC died after 10 minutes of play. For this reason I am quite sad and disappointed of the game, should not have that kind of mistakes."
76561197968891963,Not Recommended,219990,29219443,Posted: 13 January,all,Cursed Fox,"Its a okay action RPG.+ Has a nice skill system, allowing you to pick two classes with another ""devotion"" skill system on top of it.+ Very cheap respecs encourage you to experiment.+ Has a nice loot filter.+ Has some choice on a few quests.- Horrible waypoints, way to few and in bad locations.- Has alot of backtracking, see previous point.- Loot I got seemed to always be for other classes other than mine.- Faction system is very repetive and involves tons of backtracking.In all, a very average at best game. Your better of buying Torchlight 2, Diablo 3 or if your straped for cash go Path of Exile.  Its free to play and has a very fair business model.TLDRBetter games are avaible for a cheaper price."
,Not Recommended,219990,28848103,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Captain Shiznit,"TL;DR: 5/10. Better than Diablo 3, not as good as PoE.I think this has to be the most overhyped game I've played in a long time. People are so nostalgic for old ARPGs, when a new one comes along from a fresh development team, they tend to jump on the hype train. Add to that people following the game and becomming committed from a very early stage and I guess thats where the massive hype has come from.Diablo II was one of my first online gaming experiences. I picked it up on release and played long before Lord of Destruction came along and pushed it slightly mainstream. I followed Path of Exile from paid beta and I absolutely love a good ARPG. Grim Dawn falls slightly short, and I'd call it 'quite good'. The thing with this genre is that it's supposed to be mightily addictive. You're supposed to sit at school or work thinking about this game and what you're gonna do next, what boss you're gonna fight when you get home; what character you're gonna try next; what you're gonna do with that unique item you found. You're gonna spend hours upon hours with a game in this genre so it has to be addictive. Unfortunately, I just don't feel that addiction with Grim Dawn.I thought at first maybe I was the problem and that I was a different person since playing Diablo 2, but then I thought to PoE. PoE captured that feeling for me and still does to an extent. It's exciting, and when I'm playing it, I'm thinking about it when I'm offline. GD doesn't do that for me.Is it because it's offline? Maybe. There's a psychological effect for me that I'm not competing with anyone and that nothing I find really matters because it's not ""WORTH SOJS"" (or Chaos Orbs). But I think it goes deeper than that still. The skills (that I've tried so far) seem utterly dull. Basic ranged attack goes pop pop pop, but pick up this skill and it goes pop pop pop but now it's red. I've not experienced any exciting skills like Diablo 2's whirlwind, meteor, hydra, etc and the tons of brilliant skills in PoE. The unique items seem pretty cool but again, unless it's the rare case where it's something useful to my character right now, it's difficult to care about it when it drops. The enemies also seem rather plain with no real buildup to boss fights. No Diablo, Mephisto or even Andariel, just some punk bandit captain. At this point, I have no idea who the end of game boss or even the end of act boss is going to be, just that I'll kill them and they'll drop stuff.For me this wasn't a waste of money. I picked it up for £11 in the sales and if you're thinking about doing the same, I'd probably recommend it. However, I'll be lucky if I finish the game on normal difficulty, never mind the second or third time on higher difficulties, as is the bread and butter of this genre. I just don't feel that attached to the game or my characters and for that reason I overall do not recommend this game."
76561198052480866,Not Recommended,219990,23521082,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,lunaticasylum,"This game is becoming Diablo-3-friendly with each patch, where classes are becoming more powerful each time. If you are considering playing this for challenge, then there might be disappointment that such will be gone with each patch. The game started out promising in the early stage; and with hopes of the better future that will make the game more challenging and less click-and-drool like, it was purchased by me only to frustrate me by the sudden change of heart after the Steam final release. Now, each patch adds more power to each class, and monster become weaker. The loot is abundant, which is a bad thing; and the monsters are way too easy to kill.For those of you seeking a game that be more challenging over time, this title is not recommended."
76561197970683990,Not Recommended,219990,24562797,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dorque,"It's an ugly Torchlight by a company who thinks they can write cloud code better than Steam.  PS, you can't.  How many threads of lost saves are there from your half-arsed attempt to bypass the Steam save system?  How do you mess up saved games?  Bad UI I can understand, maybe you've never played a game before.Oh, and you can't put ""full controller support"" unless I don't need the mouse to talk to people.  That's ""half controller support""."
76561198056879319,Not Recommended,219990,23602293,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,furtzown,"i actually have around 10 hours of play outside steam, decided to buy the game to support dev but changed my mind and got a refund. this is definitely a good game, but it's just so damned buggy that i can't recommand it.there's an item in my inventory that make my game instantly crash when i put my cursor over it (yes it's a legit item i found from a boss drop)crash half of the time on loading screen after selecting my character, and 3/4 of time when i try to quit the gamethere's a lot of stutter in some area of the game, it feel like the ground is shaking enough to give me a headache.definitely a good game, yeah... just don't feel like playing when i crash 2 time in a row trying to connect, then crash once more because i put my cursor on this bugged item by accident, then once i'm back in game i realise i have to redo the whole area because the crash made me lose some progress so i try to quit the game, but crash instead.definitely a good game..."
76561198266977358,Not Recommended,219990,24184362,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Helix,"Sadly I will not get to enjoy Grim Dawn, There is a bug where your mouse does not show up on the start screen, and I can only sit and look at the start screen, I managed to go through the files and find the repair, That brought my mouse back but Now I can only play in a tiny little window, and if I make it fullscreen my mouse dissapeares. I would love to play but I have to request a refund and write this bad reveiw"
76561198026568492,Not Recommended,219990,24036410,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,NavStev0,"Great game, single player very solid, it has vast build options for class diversity, and is overall very fun. My only gripe is the multiplayer, lag is ever persistent, and multiplayer crashes are all to frequent. I will change my recommendation when this is fixed."
76561198043110374,Not Recommended,219990,26462256,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,pbigdawg30,"Fun game but after playing it for so long it has become very boring!! The is no direction with quests, no1 plays the game anymore and it is very slow as in game play, story etc. If you can get it on sale i would buy it but i would not buy if it was more then $10 imo."
76561198158557143,Not Recommended,219990,32285422,Posted: 9 June,all,goobngob,"game doesnt load, tried to load with different compatability settings, never worked. computer is nothing super special or super♥♥♥♥♥♥ nvidia 980 about a 1500-2k set up not sure the cause but game doesnt load and gives 0 information."
76561198154789630,Not Recommended,219990,24320376,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,ThaumaXII,"This game gets boring REALLY fast.I must concede that the character amelioration system is great, but it's so slow to level up and the fighting system, as repetitive as it is, doesn't help to pass the time.Good try Crate, good try."
76561198012626337,Not Recommended,219990,30539543,Posted: 16 March,all,Hellios Rayearth,"Note:This is an A-RPG/H&S RPG (Diablo Clone), so if you are into this genre I will be basing this review using that perspective.Grim Dawn is the alleged Soul Successor to the game Titan Quest. It mostly uses the same game formula. This game has a fairly active community that is very helpful to its fan-base, which is mostly made of TQ veterans. Sadly, if you were a big fan of Titan Quest, this game falls way short to it's predecessor.Visuals & Graphics:7/10Not really the greatest in terms of graphics, but definitely has better quality than its predecessors in the Early 2000's era. Visuals used is reminiscent of the ambiance in Diablo 2. Environment is dark and gloomy which only compliments the story line it establishes, like something completely based off the Dark Ages.Music and Sound:7/10Not a big fan of the OST. I like my A-RPGs that have OSTs that get me pumped up because they always involve heavy grinding. The ones used in this game tries hard to put you to sleep. ;) However, I must give credit where it's due, the OST stays loyal to its premises and maintains an eerie and dark ambiance all through out the game. If anything else, it tries to supplement it's content by making the setting more believable. I believe they call this concept, ""immersion."" :D So if the devs were going for that approach they most certainly achieved it.Plot/Story:4/10Like most A-RPGs plotline is shallow, even amongst the best of them, this just isnt the strong point of this genre.Lore:9/10While A-RPGs most definitely fail in Plot, they make up for in lore. While not directly explored within a games story line, lore usually gives players background information about the story's setting in the form of collectibles and quests. Grim Dawn has a pretty decent and interesting Lore that serves to fill its lackluster storyline. You can find bits of it within the game if you actually take the effort to find them instead of pure game-completion.Gameplay and Mechanics:Casual Gamer 8/10; A-RPG player 1/10 (sinful, sinful, sinful)Pros:* introducesx number of base-classes, which the player can combine to create an entirely new profession. The different kinds of synergy produced largely impacts your gameplay experience. This only means one thing, HUGE amounts of replay value. As supposed to the more common A-RPG formula that havex number of base classes with 3 skill trees.* secret levels and extra unlockable content for players that go the extra mile.* in comparison to an unmodded TQ/Diablo 2 game; loot drops IMO are better in this game (grinders are well rewarded)* Hardcore Mode; in my opinion should be an absolute requirement for all A-RPGs/H&S RPGs. The ultimate challenge for all A-RPG addicts and natural masochists out there.Cons:* I am not exactly sure if this was the intended game design, or if it was the result of continues balancing/nerfs/buffs process during the beta phases of this game, but it seems to me that a  large part of game mechanics was thrown out the window. Let me elaborate by referring to the most basic RPG formula.3 Classes:- Warrior- Mage- Rogue/Assassin/MarksmanWhat I consider as a well-made A-RPG is a game where-in it allows players to complete its contents in Hardcore using it's inherent toolkit and employing logical gameplay tactics expected from these 3 classes to be able to succeed. Tank and Spank for Warrior based characters, Nuke and Kite gameplay gameplay for mages, Hit and Run tactics for Dex/Cun-based toons. While hybrids do exist in more modern versions of this genre, this simple formula should NEVER EVER be taken out of the game. Difficulty/Efficiency is of course varied, but nevertheless it should never be impossible.If you ever attempt to play this game hardcore in all difficulties, using the current meta as reference, you will soon learn that every class involved in clearing the game in Ultimate with your sanity still intact involves being an unkillable walking tank versions of your class. Face-tank warrior, Face-tank marksman, Face-tank Assassins, Face-tank casters. This game has it all. The rules of the game changed to outlasting your opponents until your DPS finishes them off.Note:I have never seen an A-RPG that tries it's damn hardest to eliminate all possibilities and forms of kiting and hit-and-run tactics, especially during Boss Fights. It doesn't suggest you the ""tank"" route, it forces you to it.Provided that it was a promising A-RPG, for this atrocity to be allowed to happen to this game; Crate should fire their whole QA team. The balancing method they used to nerf overpowered builds was to increase damage output to absurd levels that players are given no choice but to prioritize a large health pool over stat-based progression to even have a fighting chance at Ultimate non-Hardcore is such an elementary approach to ""balancing."" Such a sinful sinful sinful mistake, that this simple mechanic really outweighs anything positive this game has to offer.Given it's current state, I refuse to give my recommendation to other fans of this genre, and while I will remain grinding it for achievements and just to be able to say i finished the game in all possible classes in every possible profession combination (cuz i'm a completionist like that), it does not reflect the fact that iHATEthe game nonetheless, for wasting its potential."
76561197993079239,Not Recommended,219990,28355355,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,statikk,"Solid game, bad stability (crashes far too much in multiplayer)."
76561198133506570,Not Recommended,219990,31933412,Posted: 24 May,all,musicmacd,"Can anyone suggest what to do as the Crashes/freezes all the time. sad as it looks and plays well when running.780Ti cards in SLi tried disablling but makes it worse??any help would be great, is there a way to get a refund in this situation??thanks"
76561198070060285,Not Recommended,219990,24928927,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ZDuB,"i had to stop playing this game a few months ago because of the constant freezing. i had an 8 year old vista computer.i just got a new windows10 with a gtx 1080 so i tried to play, and within 30 seconds of starting to play the game FROZE AGAIN!!!The only game out of 100's of games i've played in the last 10 years that freezes, *facepalm*Such a shame because it's really a great game!"
,Not Recommended,219990,29875646,Posted: 12 February,all,Aria Theo,"Grim Dawn is a solid hack and slash with a deep skill system to explore. However, the lackluster story and barely one-dimensional characters weren't enough to keep my interest for long."
,Not Recommended,219990,24391020,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,panalmi,"Very average game which suffers from a lack of respeccing.Game does not offer you to respec stat points or mastery points, thus somewhat locking your ability to try out different playstyles.Every point you commit to mastery, opening new skills or stat points to unlock those just out of reach items you just looted is a point you have committed and can't take back.Just unlocking the first skills for your subclass means you can't change your subclass ever.Sure there is an undo button if you have misclicked but once you have closed the skill window it's permanent.Just giving the ability to change these would only makes the game better in my mind.You can be accessible without being dumbed down."
,Not Recommended,219990,22715180,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,DHart,"Boring, uneventful, and overall underwhelming.  Meh."
76561198047756676,Not Recommended,219990,28507646,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,[LTV]LUSITANER,"just lost all my progress due to a game crash, after 100 hours of playing. Enough to make me not want to keep playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥ If i could have my money back i would, gg no re"
76561197985058328,Not Recommended,219990,26465791,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ShinsFortress,"Lucky I got it on sale.Had more fun with Van Helsing or Titan Quest, so much wrong here not least of which level design and (opponent) balancing.  A low end ARPG...."
,Not Recommended,219990,20288930,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,IcWhy,"Developers seem a little stuckup on themself really the game is buggy and multiplayer doesnt work still the devs locks and removes posts about it claiming players are at fault, No! Team Crate Entertainment in the year 2016 where every game works online with no to little effort and this one doesnt not even with every port open sorry thats a no go."
,Not Recommended,219990,24181679,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kalamir,"I bought this game as a combo pack with the steam controller.  However, even using the official controller scheme provided by the developers the game really isn't playable with a controller.  I'm a long time fan of ARPGs so switching back to KB/M wasn't a huge issue but did annoy me as the focus of my purchase was wasted.Grim Dawn is fine, it is satisfactory, but doesn't really do anything to make itself stand out or be worth your investment of time and money. Perhaps if you were bored and can get this game for a deep discount during a sale it would be worthwhile.Graphically the game is pretty stagnant with the exception of the Cthonian Rifts at the end of the game, which are absolutely badass. Otherwise though it is largely forgettable. The user interface is just terrible. Attempting to gear up is a nightmare. There are so many variables that getting a piece of equipment with something relevant to your build is near impossible. The skill trees are laid out well and have interesting playstyles but the alternate advancement devotion constellation system is convoluted and just a hot mess."
,Not Recommended,219990,25209047,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Muted,"Are you a fan of the ol' days on Diablo 1 and 2? Then read this:---Okay, well I'm not going to say it's a bad game, but it's far from good. I'm a HUGE ARPG fan, and of course like most of you, started in the Diablo days. After getting bored of the grind in Diablo 3, I went to PoE and that was great for 1 month, but then that started to wear down and thus lead me to Grim Dawn.Here's what I like and dislike about Grim Dawn:+++Positives:+Great artwork & design+Runs very well even on low-spec PC's---Negatives:-No community (Yeah I know you can find players to play with, but no global chats, no trade chats, nothing)-Skill system and stat system is not exciting (I normally get excited leveling up to use new skills. Grim Dawn just doesn't seem to do that for me. Skill tree feels quite bland)-AI isn't on point (The mobs don't offer much of a challenge. Bosses seem a little too easy)-PVP Disappointing (As a huge fan of the crazy havoc Diablo 2 offered in terms of PVP and the toxic community that came with it, I am disappointed to see no effort made for PVP on Grim Dawn as well as the other top ARPG's)-Pathing and movement (I found the pathing of the characters was not as smooth as the other ARPG games. Especially when going up and down narrow sets of stairs)-Story line is flat (I found myself mostly skipping all dialogue interaction with NPC's just to hurry up and progress forward. What happened to those amazing cinematic days like in Diablo 2 and the amazing voice overs?)-Just feels like a single player game (I want to be emersed in an online world, especially when it's the type of game which requires grinding for gear pieces and so fourth. Playing with 1-3 other players is just not much of a multiplayer game).----So I guess with more negative's than positives, I'd have to say I don't recommend this game for those who have the same types of expectations and needs in a type of game like this. They need to put in a lot more work before I can actually even casually play this."
,Not Recommended,219990,34399658,Posted: 21 August,all,Rob,"The first act is the demo or early access area or something like that, and I'm pretty sure that's where 99% of the time and money went on this game. There is absolutely zero sense of build or pacing and the final boss is introduced and defeated with less notice than some of the sub-bosses for act one. The multiclass character creation may sound like a good idea until you realize that means that the first ten levels for every character is going to be the exact same (read; boring). Combine that with the fact that choosing a non-ideal combination of classes basically forces you to restart and you've got a recipe for a grindy game that could have been a better Diablo than Diablo 3. But while Diablo 3 rewards players in all sorts of little ways like keeping track of killstreaks or minor achievements like that just as the game progresses, Grim Dawn doesn't even bother trying anything like that. Even for the final boss, the quest just ends and you turn it in back home. The only reason I even knew I had beaten the game was because there were no more quests to take. There's no acknowledgment of the boss's defeat, no cutscene, no new dialogue, no post-game quests. The final boss for this game is treated like a throwaway sidequest and receives about as much fanfare. The moment to moment gameplay is fun and in a lot of ways it does surpass Diablo 3, but at the end of the day there's not going to be anything to make you want to come back to Grim Dawn."
,Not Recommended,219990,32898945,Posted: 27 June,all,(KFM) LoLPeRLoL,Uses P2P connection i cannot recommend it as a multiplayer game if u use carrier grade NAT or for some other reason cant port forward. The single player experience is decent tho.
76561198005577371,Not Recommended,219990,24981708,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Warlord-616x,every 2 days antivirus freaks out and thinks its a virus.  This is a known issue they dont care to fix.  Skip this pos.oh and btw i have an exemption already created and the problem persisted.  Reinstalled and now disk errors.  What a joke.  Going for refund.
,Not Recommended,219990,23393319,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,SamboTheBoss,"This game is extremely mediocre. I don't want to say it's bad, but I'd really rather play Path of Exile or a similar game without the ridiculously steep 25 dollar price tag. My hopes are that as I keep playing, I'll discover something magical that's enticing all the positive reviewers, but I doubt it. The lack of any tutorial or guide is also very disappointing. I know that people write off a lot when they talk about Early Access games, but honestly this game feels like a finished game that's just very shallow."
76561197995942561,Not Recommended,219990,29501474,Posted: 26 January,all,adriand666,"Bought and played for 3 hours and done with it. Looked promising to begin with but its just random walking/clicking around looking for things. The battles are completely tedious, just more brain dead clicking. Very disapointing experience. Waste of £19.99"
,Not Recommended,219990,29790011,Posted: 8 February,all,Игрок,"This game is great for the first five hours.PROS: Very detailed locations, especially in the beginning when they are new. Nice, colorful graphics.CONS: Linear, mind-numbing, stupid gameplay. After the first 5 hours, you stop paying attention to the well-designed mini locations because every major location (like Gruesome Harvest or Deadman's Gulch or whatever) has maybe 50 small groups of 10 monsters each, so you walk group to group and kill the, sometimes waiting to recouperate. The Lore has no effect. The choices have almost no effect: a slightly more expensive seller, a different smith, an extra monster or not. ZERO SKILL.All quests are the same - go kill some monster.All dialogue is meaningless and affects nothing in the game.Overall, a pretty picture to get your money but TOTAL TRASH.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY AND TIME."
,Not Recommended,219990,26580852,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,bartmoss,"Combines pointless reputation grind, a terribly designed loot system, with a bland game world, boring classes, and a terriblely inaccessible talent system."
76561198129710147,Not Recommended,219990,29017763,Posted: 4 January,all,Grommash Hellscream,The controls suck and it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ oh and customization is non existent. be more worth to burn your money for heat.... but if you are happy with everything all the time then you could be with this too.
76561197980953795,Not Recommended,219990,29476046,Posted: 24 January,all,Miss Killson,Poe is better.
,Not Recommended,219990,22195421,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,eXo,"MehBored very early into early into game. Only got worse with time, even with optimistic persistence.Very obviously a low budget game but it also lacks the creativity you would expect given the time invested into development; Mediocre animations. Interesting theme but a lacklustre story riddled with generic mobs.  Unbalanced skills; Alot of classes will end up using only 1-2 skills for almost the entirety of the game.There are SO MANY unique forms of guns but they ALL have the same firing mechanism.Combat interactions and AI are so predictable and dull you could probably macro and afk till max levelMost interactive screensaver/10"
,Not Recommended,219990,30952057,Posted: 4 April,all,Kränkt,"I'm almost heartbroken to give this game a negative review, but I can't help the fact that I just can't get ""into"" the game. Maybe I will pick it up later, but for now I just can't enjoy it.As an avid fan of Titan Quest, made by most of the same developers of this one, I was disappointed to find that Grim Dawn didn't meet my expectations, at all. Where Titan Quest was a straight-forward experience that balanced simplicity with just the right amount of complexity, Grim Dawn is to me too messy, too cluttered in the way it handles quests, the main story, items and skill trees... even the interface is messy and overly detailed. I wanted a Titan Quest in new clothing (which all the reviews and forum posts I read claimed it was) but found a Path of Exile wannabe with an identity crisis and oversaturated content.This may sound self-centered, especially as I know that there are a great deal of old TQ fans playing this game, and enjoying it. But there may be people out there that share my expectations and possibly, run the risk of sharing the same experience that I had. So consider this review a heads up - sometimes things aren't as expected."
76561198161563655,Not Recommended,219990,23051514,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,なのです★,"This game is extremely boring and I have to give it a nagative review.I think most of people buy this game was deceived by some review saying ""This game is the most diablo2-like game I had ever played"".But I have to say this game is the worst.Especially the skill system is making me mad. Every class only have few class-unique skill. And most of the skills were in the common skill tree that every class can choose. This make the class selection meaningless and there is no much differ between two classes.To be honest, if diablo 2 add a screen shocking function, which make grim dawn playing feels better, i will never play this game and stick on diablo 2 for two more years."
,Not Recommended,219990,25774208,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,thegatewayregular,Multiplayer is such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥that it honestly isnt worth it. Buy Titan Quest instead
,Not Recommended,219990,30047212,Posted: 19 February,all,spawn_139,first start the game  crashed had to m find the repair app in the folder really badly made game
76561198025816874,Not Recommended,219990,30602078,Posted: 18 March,all,swillfly,"I really like this ARPG with some reservations.  Similar, albeit darker tone, to Diablo2.  Art/sound/music/effects/combat mechanics/story/gameplay are all stellar.  No serious crashes/glitches.  The open-ness and various fetch/kill quests are nice instead of an all linear plot device.  Some similarities between this and Titan Quest.  The game can be played and enjoyed without getting into the tedious character builds and number crunching for resistances/etc. stats.However, there are certain builds/character designs which are more advantageous than others.  Ranged players will find that in mobs your pets won't get all the agro and some (especially bosses) will run right up to you or cast/throw/tap you with a ball peen hammer, and *poof* you're dead.  Same with casters.  And when you die you lose a big chunk of experience but it is more a time IRL penalty just to get back up to where your character was at.  Additionally the Saving system is by teleport checkpoints which is really odd and limiting.  So hold your bladder until you cast a portal, hop through it, exit out of the game and back in to see if all your experience/loot is still safe.  Then you can go.  Monsters respawn after exiting out providing a way to farm/replayability if that's desirable.  Monsters seem to level somewhat with the players experience level.Overall a great, mindless click-fest that may become tiresome as the formulas (and community) seem overwhelmingly fond of number crunching character builds... to do what?  Rinse and repeat.  The fun becomes a stale grindfest for those wishing to play a game using ""self found builds"" or just picking it up and playing Who you want, the Way You want, How you want.  It's an endeavor in penalizing not merely your character but your real life time as well.The real challenge of this game is researching the offline power character builds, sinking in boatloads of time, using your calculator to evaluate percentage chances with decimal points, sinking in boatloads of grinding/farming IRL just so you can wield the Plunger of Exceptional Sucking +42.4% suctioning +33.7% splooshing, every-other-Tuesday.  So to offest all the fabulous math I downvote this game because I'd recommend it for short-term do-it-your-own-way playing up until the tedium of the builds/grind/math."
,Not Recommended,219990,29305527,Posted: 16 January,all,Emiel Regis Terzieff-Godefroy,"Pros:+Music+Art style+Satisfying combatCons:-Balancing issues-♥♥♥♥ed loot system-Grind grind grind-Unbalanced bossesI bought this game on sale expecting it to be fun, as about 90% of the overall ratings were positive at the time. What I got was a game where you are required to sift through piles of loot, which are 90% comprised of things that you don't need/are useless to you. The loot system is ♥♥♥♥ed, and forums online agree with me. You can kill a boss, you can open a chest, and there's an extremely high chance that every single item that you find is worse than what you are currently wearing. Chests no longer become fun to open, bosses are no longer satisfying to kill. Speaking of bosses, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥they're overpowered. I played the game through its natural course, completing quests and exploring the world, and I would find myself against bosses multiple levels higher than I. Of course, I could leave the dungeon and go grind my level up. But I would also lose my progress in said dungeon. And the dungeons are rather large. SO, this game requires a lot of work. A lot. I mean, the presentation is great. The art style is absolutely beautiful. This game has some of my favorite artwork in any game, up there with ES Oblivion. I also found the music to be very impressive, which is a feat you don't find in many ARPGs. And the combat is nice, there's a satisfying crunch to each of your strikes. But god, please fix the loot system and balancing."
76561198017112970,Not Recommended,219990,30637761,Posted: 20 March,all,MadMike,"I honestly wanted to like this game so much more than I did. Don't get me wrong, its not ""bad"".. its just not really ""good"" either. With games like PoE out there for free, its really hard to recommend this. I did like the multi-class system, but sadly it just isn't enough.Again, its not ""bad"". But there are better games out there."
,Not Recommended,219990,31782454,Posted: 15 May,all,NEDK,"SectionScoreStory25Gameplay30Total55/100RemarksIts good when you like intricate character customization, it gives you vast options such as Head gear, Amulets, Rings, Shoulders, Greaves, Gloves, Body armor, Pants, Boots, etc., but the story is depriving of immersion, and most of the characters also lacks voices. Its fun, but I recommend you to buy it on sale."
76561197967563075,Not Recommended,219990,30599506,Posted: 18 March,all,Inflames,"Keeping in mind that most folks seem to really like Grim Dawn, I personally found it on the boring side. The final boss was so sudden and easy that at first I though it was just another lead-up. The story was decent, but not particularly engaging.Now, there are some things to like about Grim Dawn.-Lots of depth in skill mixing, items and sockets.-The faction choices were pretty cool.Thins I did not care for.-Little enemy variation.-While there a lot of skills, and can pick two trees, it felt like I only had a very small range of skills. There are a lot of passives. The item skills were very cool, but I just did not feel like I was doing much in combat. Keep in mind I am simply saying it ""felt"" lacking. POE and D3 have similar skill counts, but are much more active with their battles.-Skill visuals. Following on on the skills, the look of the effects lead to some very dull gameplay.-Story did not keep my attention very well. I tuned out enough to not even notice that I was fighting the last boss. It went from one arch, seemly abandoned it, and then jump to a new arch. Maybe for a lead up to Grim Dawn 2?? Just ended oddly.What can fix it.-Better, more distinctive skill visuals.-Please...please..more enemy types, more variety to attacks, etc."
76561197974494532,Not Recommended,219990,29164570,Posted: 10 January,all,Major_Nutcase,"The main problem I have with Grim Dawn is the same problem I have with Diablo 3. It's too easy. I can literally run through and smash the same ability over and over and kill everything without any trouble. I decided to play on Veteran Hardcore mode and the challenge is nonexistent.I understand these games get harder as you beat them, but I'm not dumping 20-40 hours into a game just to reach a point where it becomes fun.Random fans will tell you ""Oh wait until Elite, then it'll kick your♥♥♥♥♥"" Then others will say ""Well, actually Elite is still pretty easy, but Ultimate is crazy hard."" No thanks. How about making an ARPG that is fun and challenging at the start?"
,Not Recommended,219990,23446420,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Bot Carl,"If you are one of those people that wants an ARPG where they will only play single player then this game is probably the game for you. Me personally though, I like playing with other players, and the multiplayer on this game is bad for many reasons. First off there is no servers for multiplayer, so there is no anticheat at all. I understand that they cannot afford to have servers up, but when I had purchased the game I didn't realize this was the case.It really is too bad it seems like a good game, but i'm just getting bored of it already a few hours into the single player.Another thing is the game seems too easy. I am only in normal mode, and I realize normal mode is not supposed to be hard, but it's kind of so slow and easy that it's boring me to the point where I don't want to play it anymore. I might keep playing though and i'll update my review if anything changes."
76561197970735530,Not Recommended,219990,33914729,Posted: 30 July,all,RealKarl,Death means you have to find your way back through large and boring labyrintian layouts. Kills all the fun. Scales poorly beyond 1920x1080. Spells have almost zero visual indication of actually attacking anything.
76561198215457620,Not Recommended,219990,31123534,Posted: 13 April,all,MaseYums,I did find enjoyment in this game. I have about 50 hours or so of play time but it gets pretty boring after a while. I did get it for only $12. So I'm not really complaining I feel like I got my money out of it.  I wouldn't really recoommend this to anyone though.
,Not Recommended,219990,34987236,Posted: 15 September,all,Maestro Gradius,"Unfortunately has a very clunky interface that does not work well with my PC compatible Xbox 360 controller. So much for ""full controller support!"" Damn wish it did as I was looking forward to playing this stylish Diablo clone. I will keep trying, but as of now I cannot recommend."
,Not Recommended,219990,24699511,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ferguduby,"Partial Controller Support,"
,Not Recommended,219990,32050530,Posted: 29 May,all,Transflux,"If you enjoy kiting bosses for 30 minutes or min/maxing and overleveling everywhere this is the game for you. Otherwise all the great stuff just gets washed over when you encounter a boss. Could have been great, but the developers seemed like they didn't know what to do with bosses so they just made them boring and cheesy. Bland boss fights too, they have no real creativity to them from what I got to before calling it quits."
76561198072235463,Not Recommended,219990,21982877,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,cannoneerc,"I loved Titan Quest and I'm very glad that there is a reboot.  There is a lot to recommend about the game.Except the balance issues.  I love hard games.  I love a challenge.  And it is okay to lose.  But the balance on this game is very uneven.  You can roll some enemies and get crushed by others.  I have tried three different builds and each has been one-shot by random level-appropriate enemies or bosses.  There is a big difference between, ""I'm over my head,"" which is fun, and ""What just happened?"", which is not.  It's the difference between a challenging game and an arbitrary game.  There is no point putting time and thought into a game if your efforts do not have an impact on the result.So, if you liked TQ and thought, ""What this game really needs is more random death,"" then Grim Dawn is for you.  Otherwise, move along."
,Not Recommended,219990,22816486,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,[PriPara] Blushing Boo-pri,"I initially deleted my negative early access review now that the ""full version"" came out. Maybe the devs have actually worked on the enemy variety aswell as the bog standard ""beeline to the main character"" behaviour every single melee mob had, aswell as the bog standard linear projectiles.To be fair, enemy variety is actually given now. When you face a group you always consider who you have to take out first because they pose the biggest threat to your life. But dont let that fool you in any kind of way. Just because you know who to prioritize doesnt mean you are suddenly enjoy the game.Because once you got past that everything just feels same-y, which means that after hours of kiting your only feeling of accomplishment is in your index finger in the shape of hurting badly. There is no real sense in plowing through the same type of chthulu cultists or aetherians over and OVER and _OVER_ again.Its such a shame that a game that has so much character design depth eventually fails when it comes to providing equally clever opponents, because in the end the only thing that matters is how much AoE and DPS you have.And of course how long your index finger can still keep up.I used to call this game ""babies first ARPG"" because how stupidly easy it was back then. That isnt the case anymore, there is plenty of artificial difficulty to mess you up if you dont learn that one specific attack pattern youll ever need.(I have to admit, there is one single enemy type in the entire game that has homing projectiles, although that ""homing"" is done so terribly clumsy that i can now understand why the devs have so much trouble creating AI, they are simply not good enough programmers in that field, which is a shame because the design concept is definitely there.)"
76561197990268339,Not Recommended,219990,25507356,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,leonyounggod,"不好玩，无聊得要死。游戏可玩性很一般，而且画面很刺眼，玩不了多久就觉得无味了。而且根本不能联机，因为根本连不上，也许只有美国的个别玩家才能联机吧。我不如下载个盗版。还是暗黑破坏神好玩。This game would not be recommended by me. It's easy to get bored after playing a few hours, as the sotryline is plain, and the graphic is horrible, the cinematic is terrible (if we can call it cinematic). You are not able to have multiplay with your friend or stay online, because you'll never connect to the official server/host...probably those who stay in USA can play online games. However there is not a LAN game as the backup plan. So my genuine copy has nothing different from a piracy.Do not waste your money on this game. Just get a better one."
76561198122720370,Not Recommended,219990,22581935,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,[N47] Nitron471,"Yeah so this game is not fun at all. I was atleast expecting to move with WASD. nope you just hold left click and the game is  played for you. I am just not drawn in when i can just hold down left click and watch as all the magical spells are played. I am Level 8 and yet no skills so I just walk around, no idea where to go, no tutorial, nothing. Not worth it for the price."
76561198020937653,Not Recommended,219990,28174661,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Greekk,"Great gameplay so far, but the difficulty to plan on LAN, was crazy hard.. reading forum after forum.. then finally being able to connect, the lag is unplayable. Refunding this game. Not keeping a game I can't play... imagine playing Diablo 3 or torchlight with lag, you die every time it lags..If you're planning to play multiplayer with your other half / friends, it will just lag to the point of unplayable.RIP Grim Dawn, I loved you for the time it wasn't lagging."
76561197992111055,Not Recommended,219990,28489892,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,safetake,Saying this game has controller support is like saying my dog can recite Shakespeare. (I don't have a dog.)
76561198216542911,Not Recommended,219990,25208850,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,alexandermark19,"Bland characters, with a trite and predictable story. Feels like more boring, Early Access version of Diablo III.Your character is ugly, and there's no cool armor to hide it. There aren't nearly enough active skills to make gameplay interesting. And although you can be a sorcerer, the game will insist to use a melee weapon or gun.It has massively positive reviews because its only real competitor in the isometric ARPG genre is Diablo 3, and it's apparently cool to hate Diablo 3.It's competent, yet does nothing new. It's nothing special, but at least it's cheap."
,Not Recommended,219990,28170591,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,hardkotian,"What a relief, when I finally killed the final boss on Veteran difficulty & uninstalled the game.It is a low-budget indie project. Don't expect too much. It's playable, has visual style, but through my entire playthrough I barely understood what was I doing. Just clicking, waiting until skills cool downed and pressing again, picking up a loot. All 'missions' are just like 'kill that guy'. No cinematics, not all dialogues are voiced, NPC voiced by two people or less, low quality sound, no actually character deep build, items are not diverse, no pinpoint locations on map, no randomized levels, no storyline at all! The game feels unpolished, monster animations are stupid, ragdolls are weak, the only visaul FX is camera shaking (all the time, but it can be turned off). I didn't feel the immersion to the game and this is the worst part.With all respect to Titan Quest creators, I don't understand why this game has so high user rating. Guess, this game is made for Diablo 2 fans only. But it is not even a 2007 year now!I've literally suffered while played the game but couldn't stop just because I wasted so much time already & just wanted to finish this as soon as possible!My verdict:Should you buy it? Yes. (but you probably already did)Should you play it? No."
76561197974116178,Not Recommended,219990,32956904,Posted: 28 June,all,Naroir,"There's nothing actually to do after you've killed the last boss on Ultimate. Farming is kinda pointless if that's your thing, like it is mine. I like buidling my character up to something worth throwing time at and this was probably one of the bigger hack&slash let downs for me. A lot of things could of been made a lot more clear without having to Forum chase."
76561198017036815,Not Recommended,219990,32047489,Posted: 29 May,all,Loki,big bug game...
76561198141361652,Not Recommended,219990,25056231,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,BOT Deer,I wish I had that money back to buy more beer...
76561197981080532,Not Recommended,219990,25025990,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Skabs!,"This game just seems... bland. Much of the gameplay doesn't seem interesting or rewarding and much of time was spent just trying to feel like I didn't waste my money.Many of the classes and abilities don't seem viable or properly described, even to the point where there's a lot of shrugging and confusion after a google search.Grim Dawn feels like a ripoff of the late Titan Quest with nothing new.Path of Exile trumps this game by miles and it's free."
76561197970179466,Not Recommended,219990,30812458,Posted: 29 March,all,Dodge_This,"-- Boring - gave up at level 30/40 ish. Maybe not my genre of game. Grim Dawn more like Yawn Yawn.Older----------Did not bother with storyline not immersive enough. Other than loot grind - there is not much to the game, its a clicker, all you do is mindless click to clean the area. I did not find it interesting, the graphics are also a put off. Also seems the same gear carries a long way - so the gear grind really seems to be aimed towards selling it and getting coins (or whatever the currency is). I think for loot grind games Division / borderlands does it better (though borderlands is way too much gear).It can be appealing to some - found it as boring as torchlight 2. Path of exile seems to be much better in my opinion haven't played POE for more than few hours."
76561198065795220,Not Recommended,219990,29030360,Posted: 5 January,all,malahide,"not a bad game until -270hrs in- it just decides to inexplicably ""lose"" the one good weapon that i managed to find in all this timeall of a sudden my char just stands there in a middle of a dungeon run and the weapon is just..gone..so, u know, don't get attached to your stuff 'coz the game sure does notcannot recommend"
,Not Recommended,219990,28114695,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dagless,"The absolute most basic, bland, and uninspired ARPG i've ever played. Thank Gaben for steam refunds."
,Not Recommended,219990,23758249,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,iLynux,"First of all, I bought this game during the Steam Summer Picnic 2016 sale. It looked fantastic and offered full controller support. I really like top-down games like Van Helsing, Gauntlet, Victor Vran, and this was a natural addition to my collection of that type of game.But... it doesn't work for me. I use a controller only setup, in my living room, on my TV. My PC boots into steam.exe as the shell, no Windows overhead. I don't use a mouse and keyboard at all unless absolutely necessary, and never for games. This game, while claiming ""full controller support"", doesn't let you even navigate the menu with the controller. You have to use the mouse to click. Not to mention there were bugs in the main menu before even starting the game. If you click on ""new character"", nothing happens until you open the options screen, make a change, and then close out of it. Then the character would appear. The character looked absolutely awful, by the way. The model looked like a bad 2004 WoW clone. I gave it a whirl anyway, the story cutscene at the beginning was great, but then gameplay started and I couldn't interact with the first guy. I could run around using a controller, and I could attack, but attacking would automatically lock onto random things so my character would suddenly run towards a fence post and begin attacking it, instead of attacking the space in front of him like he should have. So not a single button worked to interact with the quest giver. I had to get off my couch, and go click on the guy. That's when I ALT-F4'd and requested a refund.If you play with mouse and keyboard like a PC master race f***man, and don't mind the crappy character models, this game is for you. Else, it's not."
,Not Recommended,219990,29717027,Posted: 5 February,all,Cocabonnar,Not really worth the money. got 15 hours of it
,Not Recommended,219990,22060597,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ZachMTG,"I honestly wasn't a fan of this and I love aRPGS, It just felt like a worse Diablo 2//Champions of Norrath. I didn't like the interface or the character creation elements. I'm sure the game gets a lot better as you go along but after my first 1 hour of playing I wasn't pulled in at all. For $25 dollars this game is probably a great value for most people looking for an aRPG but it just didn't fill the gap for the type of game that I want."
76561197980323443,Not Recommended,219990,28434861,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Munki,"I played Diablo 1 back in the day. I loved Diablo 2, and I welcomed Titan Quest into my game cabinet, too. Diablo 3 looked underwhelming to me and to this day I continue to ignore its existence.Somewhere along the time-line, Path of Exile arrived and changed everything in the ARPG genre. It's free to play; it reinvented the standard game mechanics, and introduced a rich and deep character building experience; and offered an innovative and rewarding 'integrated' currency and crafting system.The downsides it brought along (in my opinion), was a lack lustre story, and the seemingly 'forced' play-though progress from the three standard difficulties (from Diablo 1). The majority of players in POE dwell in the hardest difficulties and have incredibly contrived systems for moving quickly into the last difficulty mode, where I'm told 'the real game is'.Now, all of this prelude to my review of Grim Dawn isn't just random, it is vital. All of these games pre-date Grim Dawn, I would have expected more development into new systems and mechanics than I was presented with.I like the class based system sticking to the Diablo 1 system; the game offers slightly deeper character development with a skill tree of sorts, with a dual-classing option. There are 6 classes, giving a large combination of dual classes (optional), allowing perhaps a wider range of character types… in theory.My issues with this game begin here. I found two huge disappointments with the character system and the equipment system, both feeling incredibly underwhelming and, frankly, tedious.Why? Well I went for a Demolitionist with 'guns' as my weapon of choice. Throughout the entire campaign (in standard difficulty), I changed my weapon maybe 6 times, at maximum. There are not enough item drops, or useful items in the stores, to change to.In 41 hours I changed my main weapon 6 times! I looked up online and I'm not alone in thinking this, apparently several thousands posts mention this problem, including an official forum poll from the development team asking about the drop balance. Apparently the majority vote of 'it is well balanced' is something I literally can't agree with and provide my own evidence that this is awful.First and foremost, this is a computer game. Let me have some fun, please? Why do I have to spend another 10 hours to find a new weapon to use? This is more annoying when you see so much junk dropping. I see the 'crafting system', and it is utter rubbish.Another random lotto-generator is accessed via a blacksmith, who somehow arbitrarily combines three 'scraps' (an item of its own) to create a random magical item. Please go and review POE, which is FREE, and take notes how a crafting system can be done.The character progression is extended slightly with the 'Devotion' system which allows you to spend points on a celestial pattern of constellations linked into the games attack and defence systems. Think of a cut-up, disconnected, and smaller version of the Path of Exile's main character progression system. Now if you are going to lamely imitate and copy a mechanics of POE, this is not the one to do.The system feels awkward and disjointed compared to the main character skill trees, and really feels tedious to use, however I did enjoy finding the 'devotion' points by activating the shrines around the game world (giving an exploration reward).Back to the game world, I barely had any interest into the cartoon flash style intro sequence. Then the game sank further into its lack of confidence, with a fairly linear decent into disappointment the further I progressed in this game. The NPC characters are bland, generic and boring. There wasn't a single one in this game that I remember for standing out, or having any character traits what so ever. Yet somehow I can recall Decard Cain, or Wirt the Peg Legged Boy from Diablo 1, released about 20 years ago.The main quest is limp, boring and flat. The side quests are go here and kill x. There is no 'story' here that I was absorbed into. In fact, thinking about it the story is almost a carbon-copy of Path of Exile, literally the same areas, the same boss types, etc, etc. What an utter embarrassment of a title this turned out to be, but it wasn't always so apparent in my play-through.At the 7 or so hour mark I started to feel the game lost all pace, became a grindy bore, and I took a look at the over-world map and it is clear what is going on. At this point the map sequence is a linear path all the way north to your final destination. The boss (some sort of living wall, a clone of the thing from Borderlands 1 final boss) is dispatched with ease and… nothing. I get a text box telling me how awesome I am and then I'm free to wander around, here I suppose the development team expect me to run the game in the newly unlocked 'Elite' mode and do the whole thing again...Ugh. I could stomach doing that in Diablo 1 and 2, and I tried to do this in POE. But here I draw the line. This game is fundamentally flawed with the horrible outdated loot system spewing thousands of trash items onto the floor. A system perfectly taken apart by Total Biscuit who points out that with these 'looter' titles: lots of prefixes and affixes and random components doesn't make the game more interesting, or the weapon more useful, instead it just created hundreds of thousands of junk items that bog down the game interface and wastes everyone’s bleeding time.The development team are so lost in their own incompetence of understanding how awful this system is, are then somehow ironically self aware as they include a 'filter' toggle button on the main game UI to prevent trash items from appearing on your game screen. What the heck is going on here? If it is so horrible, then bloody fix it, don't give me a button to hide it and pretend it doesn't exit in the first place!Enough. Give me some proper weapons and some decent selection of them at that. My 6 guns had a different visual skin on them, but sounded the same, had tiny increments in stats, had the same fire animation and visual effects. Utterly disappointing for a combat game.The graphics at first looks a bit disjointed to me, perhaps a little too similar to POE as well. But after an hour or two I was enjoying the visual realness of the world of the game. The sounds effects are serviceable. The maps were sometimes too long, sometimes too short; a repeated problem of lack of pacing in the game (along with the 'story' and the equipment drops). I now appreciate what Diablo 2 (and what POE) does with it's side quests as part of the UI, which when completed unlock skill points for your character.I found moments of this game very easy (1 hit kills), then I come across a random hero who will kill me. There doesn't seem to be a reason or rhyme for this other than the consistent theme of this game of lack of pacing and lack of competent game design.I pushed myself to finish this game because I predicted that the linear aspect of the second part of the game would force an end soon. I was correct in my read of the developers morally, emotionally, and intellectually bankrupt pool of ideas fizzled out into derivative and lazy output. The last act was clearly rushed out. In my 41 hour run, I found every area possible, however clearly the second half of the game has next to no additional content to explore (it is rushed).If you do a straight run, the campaign is probably 12 hours long. I explore a lot and tried to fulfil the incredibly frustrating and grindy 'faction' system where the developers expect you to grind to earn the ability to buy items from the factions. By the time you unlock the high level requirements, the items look to be average and useless.In a sentence: I went from enjoyment, to boredom, to disgust. Not recommended at all.Play Path of Exile, which is free and offers at least a more coherent item and crafting system, and more tightly knit story and main/side quests."
76561198154032831,Not Recommended,219990,25620034,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,svenskdeg,"cons:too expencive looking at the cons.leveling because too hard after you finish the main story.not enough visual effects! looking at a game like diablo 3, path of exile or something like that you start to realize this game is like path of exile besides it fact it lacks thos high visual, multiplayer and endgame contents.if you are playing to buy the game anyway i would deffinitly recommand buying the crucible mode aswell as it could provide you with the gear and challenge you have been longing for while playing.overall i wouldn't recommand this game, it's not horrible but it also doesn't have enough visuals to give you that typical diablo themed feel. if you are not into massive screen explosions of visuals and don't mind running into a leveling wall once you finish the main story at around 40-50 where at 50 you start to get some better gear, but why would you need better gear?for the developers:i would improve on some aspects like bumping up the visuals and speed of everything.i would concider reducing the price to below 150 for normal and stay the same for cruicible, that is a minimum.path of exile did it better and that games free."
,Not Recommended,219990,24701163,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,madcat,"This is a stupid game, for stupid people. Thousands upon thousands of pointless enemies will rush your way and you will become tired of clicking your left mouse button.Cons:-Godawful AI, that get aggroed from 3 rooms away and will keep shooting arrows at a wall.-No significant improvement since Titan Quest in terms of graphics.-Bad camera and walls blocking vision.-No strategy required, everything just spawns below you, you only need to click click click.-Some questionable design choices and the game being a chore overall.-Bad hitboxes for enemies.-Killing the same type of enemy over and over again until you yourself drop dead.-Skeleton key.-Pointless loot everywhere.-Mechanics straight copied from TitanQuest, be it good or bad.-Not polished.-You feel like constantly chasing a carrot, not accomplishing anything. Which leads to extreme boredom after a while.Pros:+Skill tree is decent.+Nice variation of character development.+Unique items are, well, unique.+Some choices are present, the results of which are not apparent yet.Overall, I can not recommend anyone buying this game at this stage. Maybe it will be more polished in the future, but I highly doubt it."
,Not Recommended,219990,22063102,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mr. Self Destruct,"Boring game.I love dungeon crawler games in general. I have played D1, D2, D3, Torchlight 1 & 2 and Path of Exile. And I love them all!Even though Grim Dawn is captivating in terms of complexity, it is boring and fails in terms of story telling, presentation, setting an atmosphere and UI. Due to the stated reasons, I had to return this game for a refund.This is my personal opinion even though many people seem to enjoy this game."
76561198090513121,Not Recommended,219990,25027234,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Godfrey,"game lags way to much in some areas. even on the lowest settings.  also, it freezes my system when i try to switch from borderless to windowed. not worth what you pay for this."
76561198306872399,Not Recommended,219990,34408318,Posted: 21 August,all,marquisdemorte,"When is 80% NOT 80%? Give me a friggin break!! If you want to make a game harder then find a way to make it more difficult to gather resistances. Dont tell me I've got aether resistance and then melt me with it. It is a shame that great minds design games like this that are then ruined by the stupidity of non creative demigogues who havent got a CLUE what it is that makes a game worth playing. Go elsewhere where the "" pecentage"" of your efforts are rewarded"
76561198145077007,Not Recommended,219990,30017907,Posted: 18 February,all,TheVatican,"I deleted my past review becasue the game wont let me write two.I enjoyed the game, however, I am running into a problem now, where I am logging onto my second computer and my characters are gone.  I have tried uploading and the cloud saving is checked.  Can you please fix all of these minor issues that make game play impossible."
76561197960366142,Not Recommended,219990,24148132,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DuoBlaze,The gamepad controls are crap. Totally unplayable with a gamepad.
76561198047005055,Not Recommended,219990,35506882,Posted: 5 October,all,Heldagandrel,"very buggy, dlc is a joke and expensive, controls way too sensitive, coptcat of Diabolo 3 but worse, looting annoying, and just not fun... they gave it a good shot but this isnt a fun game. save your money."
76561198006966401,Not Recommended,219990,23352130,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,The Mighty Inu Ninja,"The positive reviews had me thinking this could compete with Diablo 3 and Path of Exile, but as it turned out, even Torchlight was more fun than this mess of a game.The visuals remain as dull and uninteresting throughout and the incredibly weak and cheap sound effects somehow only serve to show off how boring and tedious combat is in this game.They try to sell this game to you as the second coming of Diablo II - but this is sadly not it.Grim Dawn is neither pretty nor deep and the terrible production values make it even harder to enjoy it.It's also quite expensive for such a cheaply made game. You'd probably have more fun watching your 25 bucks fall as you throw them out the window..."
76561198116305845,Not Recommended,219990,22151147,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,RealDeal,"For my full, analytical review on Grim Dawn, go to this link:Grim Dawn Review.  (Long!)"
76561197994915069,Not Recommended,219990,29447003,Posted: 23 January,all,mburton1982,I would like to say this is a good game but if you love lag then this is for you!!!!
,Not Recommended,219990,22139785,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Gauss,"It's a version of Titan Quest, which got little, umimportant features polished, but the important gameplay aspects got worse.I don't really recommend it."
76561198006195536,Not Recommended,219990,21794379,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rashiel,"Is this a good game? I dont know.It certainly has the potential for it, but beneath the shiny exterior liescalculations after calculations.See the game isn't really hard, if you follow the right path.While you would think that picking up a weapon would be easy to do, in reality it's another game in itself.It's because all the modifiers, 16 in total, I mean really.So you pick up a weapon, with lots of damage, but ooh wait it has 10% physical turns into vitality, plus poison damage. Then I cant use that weapon with my current skill set. That's not a good system.I can accept that lightning skills can have an electrocute effect and that lightning damage% + could help strengthen it, but it's on a seperate modifier.And to make it worse, it doesn't stop there, cause the same thing applies to resistance!Is it a good game?, I dont know.It's one of the few games that I had to pause the game and figure out my skills path.That said, the game has three skilltrees...Plus skills granted from gear and augments.In the end, if you want to play this game, be ready to stop and think for a while, cause you'll hit that roadblockwhere you dont know if you're on the right path and probably end up looking for guides on youtube and such.So for now I cant recommend this game to the majority.Edit:To add to this, yes I enjoy D3 more and I dont enjoy PoE.And it's not because of the choppy animations and slower pace, it's just annoying to have to double-check every item and augment in the game like this.Maybe the game needs an overhaul on the dual-spec + devotion system.And changing the damage system badly, I mean what is the big difference between trauma and bleed damage?It's not that it doesn't make sense, but it just adds layers of unecessary complexity.Simplify it, make a smaller cluster♥♥♥♥ of numbers and values that needs to be calculated.""an attack does 8 fire damage and 8 burn damage over 5 seconds"" to ""an attack does 8 fire damage and 8 fire damage over 5 seconds"". Just a little more streamline, less modifiers."
76561197975905964,Not Recommended,219990,21654980,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Vorxion,"I loved Titan Quest and TQ:IM.  I bought into this early.  Didn't really get a chance to do much alpha/beta testing (read: not more than 30min).They've fixed the annoying stutter-while-walking from TQ.  Everything looks awesome (Trine levels of beauty).  There's a lot of attention to detail.  It's a great game...which is all for -NOTHING- when you have an i7 4960X, 64GB, a GTX 980 Ti, and you suffer framerate drops down to 45 only about six hours into the game because it starts maxing out the -ONE- core of the CPU it actually uses.This game is -not- multi-core friendly.  Everything I see in Iarsn Taskinfo says it's running on a single core.  I cannot in good conscience recommend it, despite all it has going for it, due to the fact that one of the best CPUs out there can't run it when 5.5 physical (11 virtual) cores are sitting there idle.  The years of work they put into it are for nothing if you want an immersive experience without the annoyance of poor performance."
76561198043763698,Not Recommended,219990,30345298,Posted: 5 March,all,Kevmeister,"While this game may be considered a successor to Diablo II by some, it sure as hell pales in comparison to Diablo III when it comes to the Action part of ARPG. With the lack of motion-based skills, the game revolves around how much damage you can deal before the mobs could get to you. Now, I know that Diablo III is also a DPS race, at the very least, EVERY class has a skill that allows you to get in and out of the fray with ease. In Grim Dawn? Just stack Movement Speed bonuses instead or bust."
76561198006131706,Not Recommended,219990,22271130,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Snuff,I was standing in town lvl 47 devils crossing and someone joined my game that had 900k health and before i knew what was going on i was dead and this was hardcore WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥!!!!! so how do i get my character back?????????????
,Not Recommended,219990,22036918,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ahseph,"Edit: Decided to be more descriptive in my review for better ratings :pOkay well, being a big fan of Diablo and Titan Quest, naturally I came to hear about this game. Read the reviews, heard the raves about this game being a Diablo 2 calibur game, unfortunately IMO it's not. Why? Hear me out.- The character movement does not have a ""solid"" feel, it felt floaty, which is a real turnoff.- The game's skills and classes available to the character felt un-related to the plot and appeared out-of-the-sky, i.e. no proper introduction or plot that links and informs you about the leveling up, the choosing of character classes etc. You woke up as an used vessel, needed help and trying to be useful and all. Aaaaaaannnnd the next day (or the next moment) you became an Arcanist / Shaman / Demolitionist throwing fancy projectiles, summon pets, lightnings without anyone teaching you because you killed some creatures and *Ding* leveled up.- Portions of UI appeared sub-par notably the tutorial pop-ups, it felt like a dated game when compared to Diablo 2 and Titan Quest (2006 game)Didn't managed to play my way past an hour mark due to non-immersive gameplay. So.. thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,219990,22505858,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Rogueboy,"I've had Grim Dawn for a while now and have played it time and time again and seen it through quite a few versions of itself, the final product is out and I started playing it start to finish, I currently have two mid level characters and I find that I cannot review this game positively because;The challenge, I usually play most of my games with the highest difficulty settings on because I like the challenge, however in this game the difficulty is always already set for you in the form of enemies autoleveling alongside you, with a min and max level per area. With my two characters I've attempted my own build and that with the use of a guide, both times I have hit a deathwall and find myself unable to progress. There are a few other games that I have played where there is a form of enemy auto leveling and I never enjoyed those games for the simple truth; why bother making me level at all if the progress is but an illusion?"
76561198006268427,Not Recommended,219990,23410622,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,r.gravine,WARNING!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. BEFORE FULL RELEASE IT WORKED FINE.AFTER FULL RLEASE THE GAME WILL CONTTINUE TO FREEZE UP.GOOGLE IT IF YOU DONT BELIEVE ME AND CHECK OUT THERE OFFICIAL FORUM. IT IS EVERYWHERE.I NEER RECEIVE A RESPONSE FROM CRATE. I STILL HAVE NO REFUND!
,Not Recommended,219990,26032951,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,The Eating Joke,....for real?
76561198057412559,Not Recommended,219990,26416426,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ƒ |  Atriplex,"Grim Dawn....no dedicated servers, LAN does not work, 4 hours of troubleshooting. I now have Aids. my friends Have Aids."
76561198016403580,Not Recommended,219990,21857782,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Grok,CRASH CRASH CRASH DO NOT BUIY
,Not Recommended,219990,22056997,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Luckishot,"Grim Dawn is a game with a lot of depth when it comes to specializing your character, but with incredibly shallow combat, even for a loot-based ARPG.I imagine, for many people, the shallow combat is not a dealbreaker. For me, however, after completing the first act on a pyromancer who had only used a single active damage-dealing ability in combination with 3 passives, I decided I was tired of waiting for the gameplay to improve."
,Not Recommended,219990,21963296,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,spo4santiago,"the very bad fps is the only thing that stopping me from enjoying this game, and the devs lack of response about this issue is the confirmation i need that they wont be able to fix this."
,Not Recommended,219990,28171994,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,piyo da,hold left mouse button: the game
76561198022148163,Not Recommended,219990,22005214,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,stevenschur,"Interesting and innovative in a lot of ways, but really struggles with fundamentals.  Save yourself the trouble and pick a different diablo-like game."
76561198050392422,Not Recommended,219990,22228730,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,britonclark,"The mouse does not work for this game in full screen mode.  I got it to work in windowed mode, but then I've got tiny littlle menus that I can't read.  I spent a half an hour trying to find some video option that might help, but I couldn't figure it out. On the support page,  it seems like lots of people have had this problem, and there's some answer from other users (not the developers) about going into the system files and repairing something.  Then I had a better idea.   Refund requested."
76561198023207225,Not Recommended,219990,29483498,Posted: 25 January,all,CyberSamurai,"Dunno so much... i was looking for a diablo3 alternative and this game was suggested. I have played for 6 hours now and only 2% in the game? Either this game is really huge or i am playing it wrong :)So its kinda ok, i guess..."
76561197967213494,Not Recommended,219990,21937710,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Dosage,"don't believe the hype. rough grahphics, cheesey looking interface, very poor multiplayer experience(the game lobby looks straight out of 1995), seems like mindless grinding after only an hour, forgettable world and characters. the quest/map system is frustrating and unclear. no way to organize quests or highlight an active quest.. this feels like a free to play game to me, path of exile was better AND FREE!"
,Not Recommended,219990,21992417,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Thyme Crime Time!,"It's ok, just very bland.It may have been just the intro sections, but solo play is not really exciting in any way. Clearly a lot of effort went into this, so I hoped I could enjoy it more than I did, but the more I played the less enticing it became.The dual class system, constallation system, and standard loot/inventory system are very fleshed out and together they seem to cater to late game play. Unfortunately, as a new player, the game is not engaging enough to make it to that point.With that being said, I would recommend this game to someone new to the genre as the multiplayer integration along with easy early levels caters to the unexperienced."
76561197962520178,Not Recommended,219990,22305967,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,ZΞΠ,"“The ""spiritual successor"" to Diablo 2 that fans have been pining about for years.”92 – MMORPGMMORPG who ever reviews games for them is a brain dead goat ♥♥♥♥er that wouldn't know how to review a game of tic tac toe is what I learned from playing this game. Nothing like diablo 2... its more of a mix of torchlight and diablo 3, Torchlight is better than this game.  I say dont buy this game just cuz of that misleading review that put up on the store page."
76561198017618037,Not Recommended,219990,21757240,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,MysteryNigga,"This game would be fun if I could play it more than twenty damned minutes without it trying to make my system divide by zero.  Fifty-four+ pages of issues on the forum of this game crashing and the developers say it's a minor issue affecting very few people. Blow it out your♥♥♥♥♥and fix the damned game. As it stands now, another D2 clone with lazy development and♥♥♥♥♥♥tier quality control. Here's a clue for you chaps, your issues have to do with sound and video drivers."
,Not Recommended,219990,22047044,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,HungDaddy,"Its very pretty and has alot potential.But right now its horrible and dont buy it. Multiplayer experience is the worst. Its rubberbanding, desync and just stuttering.See this vid:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8m4FqvueVQ&feature=youtu.beThis is on a i5 server 100/100 with only 3 players in it!"
76561198306353664,Not Recommended,219990,23816548,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,benjissler98,im constantly freezing for no reason. has anyone had this problem? i really like the game and need some help to fix this crashing..
76561198015336637,Not Recommended,219990,22726656,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,trnnk,"Until the GPU/CPU balance is fixed, this game is unplayable.  No multithreading, no SLI support.  CPU-intensive game.  crashes and abysmal fps on lowest settings.  Be forewarned."
,Not Recommended,219990,22076606,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,gigzilla,"From the makers of the deep and emersive ""Titan's Quest"" comes ""Grim Dawn"" , Because apparently ""♥♥♥♥♥♥ atmosphere quest"" was just a non ironic working title that never outgrew itself."
,Not Recommended,219990,30635601,Posted: 20 March,all,Sir Snorlax,"Gameplay is good, but the performance is poorly optimized. Can't play online without single crash. My internet is fine tho."
,Not Recommended,219990,30735726,Posted: 25 March,all,Ansgar,Poor Animations
76561198009984651,Not Recommended,219990,21611812,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,gary,"Summary – For hardcore players or fans of Dark Souls only.As a big fan of Titans Quest (I beat the game on all difficulties with multiple classes and took down the Hydra), I really wish I could recommend this game to people but in all honestly, I can’t.  If you are type of player who enjoys grinding / farming repeatedly and you “do the math” to calculate the optimal build (class / skill selection) you might love this game.  Otherwise you will probably wish you didn’t waste your time.The biggest issues with the games can be summed up by scaling, mobs and just plain stupid ideas.Scaling – Most enemies will always be 3+ levels higher than you and some bosses will be 8+ levels higher than you on normal difficulty.  This is absolutely unnecessary, the base scaling would be better if enemies were your level with bosses a couple (i.e. 2) levels higher.  The scaling could increase with veteran mode and play though.Mobs – Up ahead you see a group of enemies, as you approach another group materializes behind you and you are surrounded.  Happens all the time, so boring.  The only real question is, how many waves are going to materialize behind you.  And don’t forget, a lot of the bosses will also endlessly summon reinforcements.Stupid ideas - The intersection of bosses, endless mobs and AOE damage.  Some of the bosses will require you to fight waves of fodder while trying to navigate in a confined space covered in AOE damage - All of this to try and get a swing or 2 at the boss (which you will probably miss since he is 8 levels higher than you).-	Probably the stupidest idea I have seen in any game yet is the skeleton key for Descent into torment.  You beat the boss, you get a key (and recipe) to open the door to the next 2 dungeon levels.  The doors close behind you so if you die you need a new key.  Except if you die, craft the key and go back the doors still don’t open.  You actually have to quit out of the instance restart the game, go through the 3 levels again (kill boss again) and then use your crafted key.  Nothing in the game will tell you that you need to quit, I found that out via the forums when I was looking for how to submit a defect.  Oh, and there is a room on the 4th floor of the dungeon known as the “death room”Now you might be like, hey that sounds like fun; if I do my build correctly, I can frustrate myself for hours.  Well, here is where even the diehards are complaining - The selection of viable builds is limited and people are apparently changing their builds around equipment drops (really, you thought that was a good idea, so disconnected from reality).People should be able to pick any class, any build and be able to proceed their way through normal difficulty.  The next 2 play throughs are for the die hards.Enjoy my $20 something bucks, you earned it for Titans Quest."
76561198315141188,Not Recommended,219990,24945545,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,johndray,HORRIBLE PROGRAMMING!!!! YOU STILL HAVENT FIXED THE BUG WHICH MAKES THE MOUSE CURSOR DISAPPEAR AT NEARLY EVERY RESOLUTION SETTING. IT'S TOTAL TRIAL AND ERROR TRYING TO GET THE DAMN THING TO SHOW UP. STILL NOW PATCH/FIX? WILL NEVER PURCHASE A GAME FROM THIS GROUP AGAIN.
76561197963640978,Not Recommended,219990,30617642,Posted: 19 March,all,Fernando Solo,"Frankly wasn't expecting alot of this game and sad to say was right on the money.Keyword to describing this game is ""bland"". It's your average hack&slash, with average story that did nothing to tickle my interest. Average hero classes, with average skill trees that contain average %-skills. It has average crafting system, with average art and atmosphere that is spoiled with underarverage ingame music. The monsters and opponents are unimaginative and average as the rest.All this leads to ""blandness"". Combat is uninteresting, in uninteresting suroundings leading to uninteresting character development... and there ain't alot else in hack&slash now is there?The endless boring fighting againts, endless boring enemies, that drop endless ammount of uninteresting rubbish left me with a feeling ""could this just end"" and ""I could be playing something else"" to any game to induce such feelings clearly has some problems (although I can admit the fault can me on my end also).Everyone remember the good games they play, everyone remembers the bad games they play... Thing worse than bad is average, as those are the games that we forget as they are bound to sink back into the murky depths of the Swamp of Mediocrity where they once came. Like I stated once before.5/10 Go ahead and try it if your fan of hack&slash. But might want to wait until its on sale first.Won't get a plus from me tho."
76561197993633281,Not Recommended,219990,21799227,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,dainul,"It's not awful.  If this game comes on offer, and you feel like spending a mindless few hours obliterating legions of monsters, then go for it.  If you are looking for something engaging, or with tactical depth, I would look elsewhere.Short version: A less interesting, less enjoyable version of Titan Quest.I could write a long diatribe about what I didn't like (actually I did and deleted it) but here's the summary:* Indistinguishable enemies.  They look different, but do not have much in the way of tactics or interesting abilities.* Too many trash mobs.  I got to the lair of their first major boss, and it took me over two hours to slog through and find him.* Too much trash loot.  99% of the _magical_ loot I find is useless to me, and only about 10% of what I find is magical.* Loot tetris.  Enough said.* Uninteligably complex mechanics.  How many damage types do you need in a game?I did like the pretty, and the faction system.  I don't think I've seen a game where earning the hatred of your enemies is so clearly rewarded.  But prettiness is not unique and the faction system could have been used in a better game."
76561198056118435,Not Recommended,219990,21852328,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Prestige Shitting,"A great game, except for the fact that the optimization is total garbage. The game freezes and crashes on me more often than it doesnt, and It is really annoying. save yourself the trouble"
76561197970329732,Not Recommended,219990,21979097,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Rune,"This game does not yet work correctly. It had some severe ""micro-stuttering"" issues which cannot be explained alone by for example going 60 fps to 30 fps with vsync activated. I upgraded to the newest Nvidia drivers, but that did not change anything. Trying to select ""Defaults"" in the Options menu completely crashed the game - had to CTRL + ALT + DEL to get out and close the game.Furthermore this game should have full gamepad controller support, but it doesn't. Trying to access Options in-game froze the gamepad mouse cursor, so I had to use a real mouse. Often I found myself switching between having to use a real mouse and the gamepad, that's not acceptable.This is beta software and the technical issues kept me from enjoying the game - got a refund, thanks Steam."
76561197998328977,Not Recommended,219990,22324841,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,reemocin,"I wish there was a way to vote neutral; this is not a bad game by any means, but it is not MY kind of game.It's well made and worth it's asking price, but it's not a FUN game for everyone (certainly not for me).Here are a couple of things I absolutely don't like ...- Truckloads of loot, but 95% is useless vendor trash or not for your class.- Of the 5% loot that IS of use, only a fraction will be better than what you already have. Gear progression is sloooooow.- Having to play inventory tetris with your loot.- Maze like design of areas.So so- 'Realistic' graphics style looks good ... but offen makes it hard to see enemies and/or spot the difference between a dead and a live one.- Combat. Nothing like you see in the video's (or at least not at lvl 28 that I'm at right now). Each fight is the same, unless you encounter an elite (which is rare).- Story.I do like- Skill tree etc."
76561198100765174,Not Recommended,219990,24734235,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,levitate189,"not even close to path of exile, graphics wise and contolled depth. I wouldnt even compare this to diablo 2"
76561198179863075,Not Recommended,219990,26705772,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,wgridenour,"this is a very nnice game.But it is not controller friendly, you must still use a mouse and keyboard due to the fact somebody did not program the contoller properly in setup. extra skills cant be assigned all you can use is basic attacks no magic. who uses the dpad for game options instead of the buttoms???????????????"
76561198023454566,Not Recommended,219990,21619533,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,DrGoo,"Zzzzzz.....  Yes, literally.  I keep falling asleep during this game.4/10"
,Not Recommended,219990,30664337,Posted: 21 March,all,MadDogE134,how can this get such positive reviews when so many can't even play it without it freezing?  it has been doing it from the day of release and they STILL haven't got a clue as to why.  some say it is the system it is played on and even suggest getting another video card.  others say it is a problem with Steam and Win10 and basically say it is NOT a game problem.  well if it is the only game that does this and system specs exceed reccomendations then it IS a game problem.  BOTTOM LINE.... it was a waste of my money and i would suggest not to buy it unless you wish to spin the roulette wheel
,Not Recommended,219990,22273510,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Myrthue,"I REALLY wanted to like this game, and wholeheartedly thought i would. I love D2 and i love Titan quest, so naturally, this would be right up my alley...I'm afraid not :-(The animations are way to clunky and unnatural in movement and i often cought myself wanting a smoother, finer and better looking Titan Quest sensation... A game that has alot of years on it's back.I thought this game was ready, hence the RELEASE from early access... but no.More Path of Exile for me..."
,Not Recommended,219990,35191176,Posted: 24 September,all,🎃Spoopy Joe🎃,"Despite looking worse than Path of Exile, which I can enjoy in all its glory with no framerate issues, this game looked like a slideshow. Not sure if it's just poorly optimized or something else is going on.Ultimately seems like a decent premise with interesting mechanics, but be wary if you're using a low-middle end computer - my negative review doesn't actually reflect how I felt about the game itself, just the poor graphics and incredibly poor framerate.EDIT: I've decided I'll try it again when the expansion comes, and will look for fixes to the framerate issues in the meantime. I'll change my review if I get any better results."
76561198056187584,Not Recommended,219990,21608582,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,james_doherty,"Cool game on the surface, until you try to exit to windows and it locks up your machine and requires a hard restart.Also, forget quick travel. Yes yo ucan port around, just like D2 but things are not labeled correctly. So want to go to steps of doom or whatever? well since the exit of the long dungeon you just fought your way thru, is not labeled as say exit to broken hills , just exit well you went back out the way you came in to turn in your quest. then logged. Too ♥♥♥♥ing bad. Now you have to fight your way thru the whole dung again, and you are in a hurry, so you die. Go do it again.No thanks. Label the damn maps correctly, save people hours of doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over."
76561197975551886,Not Recommended,219990,21606833,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Verdactica,"I wish I could play this game.   I so excited that it finally got out of early access.   Unfortunately,  playing the game for over a couple of minutes consistantly locks up my computer,  and requires a hard-reset via holding the power button.   It's unplayable,  and I'm sad,  because I'd like to play it.   It really looks awesome.     I've tried everything on every thread that suggested fixes -- updated drivers, adjusted affinity settings for # processors,  reduced clock speeds on the graphics card,   changing priority of the game process,  etc.    Two days of work trying to play the game and just getting repeated crashes,  I'm done.     It's the first time I feel like I need to research Steam's refund policy  -- do they even have one?  <sad sigh>"
76561197969018399,Not Recommended,219990,21867574,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,ZarahNeander,"With a heavy heart, not recommened. If steam had a better rating system, I'd give a 5.5/10 in it's current state.- the maps. They're actually maps and not an endless railway like TQ, that's a good thing. The bad: they're full of arbitrary road blocks, so you often have to backtrack alot to reach a point that is 10 ft in front of you. Backtracking is fun!- the Hud. Rendered into the viewport, so you have less FoV when moving to the bottom of the screen. You can rotate the camera, another good thing, the bad, you pretty much have to rotate the camera every 10 steps or risk being OHK'ed by some chargers. You're not only fighting mobs, you're also fighting the camera.- Should you know the 'one more centaur and I seriously cry' feeling from TQ: welcome back. For the non initiated: too many trash mobs.- 3 weeks after release they have nothing better to do then pull out the nerf stick and hit the game really hard. In it's current state (stability) balancing is certainly not the most pressing issue. The build diversity wasn't as compelling as TQ in the first place, now it's even more narrowed down. Some builds are now really tedious to play, others outright unplayable - one of my chars cant eqip her weapon anymore. There was a reason, I stopped dabbling in PoE.I should have waited till the game is more matured..so should you"
,Not Recommended,219990,21934706,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Ganglati,"7/10 A good game for the first part of game, but when it comes to second and third difficulty, it just goes off road.Great thing about diversity of skill trees and combination of classes, but all of that will just be point less if items in game does not support that. Most of itemdrops are completly random in this game, and worst part, even all stats are randomed.I chose path of a pet. Which means I just buff up my pets and basically just stand aside and watch while your pets fighting, so it's just nature that pet build gear is glasscanon typ of gear. To be clear I'm totally fin with that, but they really need to think trough it more. Because at my knowledge, most of pet build weapon are melee weapons, not a great idea when you want to be a glasscanon, Ofcourse there is ranged weapons for the build, but it's two handed and gives stats of one handed weapon, so it's useless. There more, endgame gear of the build which is lv 68 epic set gives about 20-30 while a rare item at lv 50 can get stats up to 50-60. It simply just does't make any sense.Threat system in completely garbage as well, everytime I do anything to a monster, it just abadon my pet that just took 90% of it's hp and run straight at my face, eventhough I have just placed a debuff on him which does absolut 0 damage.Right now I'm at Elite level lastboss and he basically one combo me down before I even see him and I can't even dodge it becase he starts with a field stun and there is nothing I can do, even I luckly survive the combo he still can infinityly summon bunch of monsters that kills me with two attacks and has lots of player-target spell that can't be dodged. It's fun to play a challenging game. But there is no fun when a game just♥♥♥♥♥♥on you. It reminds of time when a normal mob in Inferno difficulty Diablo 3 kills you with a normal attack before you even see it on the screen."
76561198185972073,Not Recommended,219990,21657308,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,KickinChickens,"Slightly dissapointing, Im trying to use my elite controller to play this game in the lazy boy and the keybinding wont allow me to bind hotkeys 1,2,3,4,5,6, ect to  my buttons.  Pretty lame considering the description says full controller support.ATTENTION: IF YOU WANT TO USE YOUR CONTROLLER HERE DO NOT BY THE GAME, THEY HAVE APPARENTLY ONLY INSURED THAT A STEAM CONTROLLER WILL WORK WITH THIS GAME WITHOUT MOUSE AND KEYBOARD."
,Not Recommended,219990,21671118,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,BehindYou,"Dear Grinder  / Hack and Slay Fans,1st of all the game is nice.Question why i dont recomment to buy it for even 5 € ?Because the loot and crafting system s*cks like hell.1st. 20 hours i was on early access and played all basic classes across to level 20-25.I was so frustrated because every single special boss or quest just drops weapon for other professions in the game.Today after the release i want to give this another try. But unfurtunaly same old here again.I played a soldier twohanded sword mace axe .... what kind of drops ? Demolisionist Range weapons - ""ALL OF THEM !!!!"" after 6 hours of game play not one sinlge sword axe or mace better then the normal yellow tier stuff.Also not one single armor for me what bases of physic .... everything cunning (rouge) or spirit (caster) based.I need to rely on traders wher i buy my stuff or joining and leaving the ports to farm bosses for some very low stuff to make it to the next area.ok looting not even fun. what is with crafting ?Crafting: u put your scrapmatel what you save up to a good amount from the start to where to spend.I desided to do this on lvl 25 because i was instant kill in the next area so in needed an update.every crafting cost around 1.000 - 1.500 per try and 2 till 5 scrap. i got like 20.000 coins and 32 scrap.what also dont match for the crafting part.I spend my trys on crafting an armor! 8 Trys and i got exact same level what i am 25 but 5 times caster armor 2 times rouge and 1 time soldier armor (high armor rating and requested a lot of Physique)""but again with SPRIT BONUS !!!! (and some low resist) also caster not 1 green rarity or even more just yellow crap.Now iam broke and frustrated again about this game.I am sorry for this mad frustraded Review, but i dont like this game even after ""release state"" its lootsystem borken like hell ! and crafting is always a stat gamble so no real crafting system !"
76561197977750775,Not Recommended,219990,30625794,Posted: 19 March,all,Hunter S. Thompson,"This game lacks cheat protection, trainers are easily available and well used in online play. Besides that, it also lacks fun when compared to the competetors like Path of Exile.I regret buying it.I do not mind elaborating: The skill-system is rather simple, allowing you to combine two out of several skill trees with each other. What sounds exciting at first is in fact less complex than the skill trees of Diablo 2. There, each class had 3 skill trees to choose from, each very different offering your character different playstyles within each class as well as a strong distinction between the classes.In Grim Dawn, you only get two skill trees which each of themselves offer less varation as well as  less distinciton between the classes.Having recognized that, CRATE has implemented a Star-map system which gives you smaller bonusses depending on your playstyle as you progress through the game. Everybody has access to all the Zodiacs so there is 0 distinction between the classes but rather just another progression scale that seems to be there to kill time and nothing else.Also the setting is questionable: As there are are proper guns (using gunpowder or magic i assume- does not matter really) , there is hardly a sane reason to wear a heavy armor as you do as a melee character in the game. When the gunpowder was imported to Europe, the Knights and their notorious armors subsequently were outdated- not so in this game for some reason. This contributes to the lack of immersion which hinders everybody with a thinking mind of accepting this game as a plausible ARPG.The playstyles also just vary between the class selections, but not between the enemies: Champions have more hitpoints and slightly more damage, bosses even more so. I have never encountered an enemy that required tactic are thinking. It comes down to button smashing.Comparing this to Path of Exile, where you have seasoned events, the Atlas of Worlds, a great and innovative character development and a LOT more itemization, you can all answer the question, wether or not you should pay for something that has been done far better by a F2P title that has no P2W whatsoever.The_Mess:""It lacks cheat protection because it's designed as a primarily single player game, with co-op and to allow modding""A: Cheaters always ruin a game - What proof do other gamers have of my legitimate achievement if all the progress could have been obtained within minutes using a trainer program?"
,Not Recommended,219990,22857022,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Dank Quixote,"People love this game, but i just don't get it. It feels like a watered down tired version of titan quest. Just utter crap."
76561198011366535,Not Recommended,219990,21860907,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Fuzzysquirrel,"Incompatible with a ton of graphics cards it seems. Browsed the forums to see many, many other people with the exact same problems with it locking up especially windows 10 users. Not worth the 25 bucks till they fix it other than that its a good game if it was possible to play it."
76561198053073822,Not Recommended,219990,21689927,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,PaleBlueDot,"As a disclaimer, I do not have a powerful computer.That said, the game felt very choppy even on the lowest graphical settings. I think this is due to an input buffer forcing a delay between when I click and when my character moves, rather than a strictly framerate issue, since when I look very hard at the moving ambient stuff I don't see any obvious frame skips or anything like that. Even if the rest of the game wowed me, I would have refunded it based on this alone. I seriously don't have any desire to try to play to the point that the game gets challenging when it feels this unresponsive. Unfortunately, the rest of the game doesn't wow me at all.Everything feels like it's constructed to deliberately slow down the pace of character building and waste the player's time before letting them have anything fun, right down to the naming conventions. Most other ARPGS describe skills or spells with a short summary of what the skill does followed by the numerical values associated with it, EG: ""Fireball: launch a flaming missile that explodes on impact. X-Y damage in Z radius."" Grim Dawn instead chooses to preface every skill with a short paragraph (yes paragraph) about the origin and lore significance of the skill, followed by the numerical values associated with it, so that to figure out what it ♥♥♥♥ing does you have three choices: A, minimize the game to look it up on a wiki, which forces you out of the actual game to do something as basic as understand what should be instantly evident from a tooltip, B, pick the skill blind and actually use it to understand what it is through trial and error, in a game where skill point allocation is a finite thing that has to be planned, or C, carefully scrutinize the numerical values associated withe the skill for thirty seconds before you realize that ""Shards of Zuboomafoo"" is actually your standard fireball spell (an exploding projectile)-So why isn't it just called fireball?Before you can even look at the skills, though, you have to pick a class. There is no way to see what the class abilities are before you pick a class, and although you can repick your class for free, which means you can at least view each skill tree before comitting to a class, it's still a waste of time to have to open each class tree separately. This sounds like a minor annoyance, and it is, but it's made worse by the ever-present input delay.After you have picked a class and deciphered the abilities, you then eventually realize you have to dump skill points into a pool that gives you boring stat bonuses in order to unlock more interesting abilities. This is in every way inferior to diablo 2's skill trees to the point that I'm baffled that anyone thought it was a good idea-in order to use more powerful and cool abilities, you have to spend more time plinking away with basic attacks? Even diablo 2's barbarian, easily my least enjoyed class, didn't do that!It was this idiotic mechanic that was the straw that broke the camel's back for me. I was already in the process of deciding to refund the game based on how slow and unresponsive it feels, but discovering that the game levies a skill point tax in this way disgusted me to the point I uninstalled on the spot. Apparently this game took six years to make. I couldn't stand it for sixty minutes."
76561198214506647,Not Recommended,219990,30583523,Posted: 17 March,all,fuckskyZ,中文根本就下载不动！大骗子！
,Not Recommended,219990,33755884,Posted: 23 July,all,Silverbox,"Not optimizedWhereas I understand that I play with a GPU that is not meant for 'real' gaming, I can play other games like DOTA2, Torchlight 2, Heroes of the Storm (Blizzard), Fallout New Vegas, Tales of Zestiria and similar.I bought this game thinking that if I lowered the resolution and with no shaders I could play at 25-30 FPS. But no, I cannot really play even with low settings.15-20 FPS at most.This is a game that should be playable in almost any GPU as long as you lower settings a bit, at least 30 FPS with dual core i5.The game... is probably very good, but I cannot play for now"
76561198112486697,Not Recommended,219990,25620467,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,colby_13,Seems like no matter what gear you have at max lvl or build you cant one shot anything.
76561198071991029,Not Recommended,219990,22213313,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,tiger13109,"okay just paid for this game and am very disappointed that you cannot buy any equipment to better the player. Item for improvement only come from killing and destroying. No progress saving at all and makes me absolutely fed up when you go so far and stuff me you die and have to start from camp again.  what drops you get are useless unless you have a higher progress and not being able to purchase health potions. Stuff the game, if i could get my money back I would and never purchase crap games again that rely on you being online to play.  No way would I recommend this game, it was told to me to be like diablo III and that's become sad also."
76561197981020667,Not Recommended,219990,22127820,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,JKB©,"For an overall point of view it is a pritty good game, it reminds me of the good old days with titans quest. Not much new there.But for all that, i allways land on using twohanded guns, the range and over all damage was that much better. Even on veteran i could still take down quest bosses with one hand and doing what ever with the other.A game is like a book, and for me it has to catch me early on before i get bored. Sadly one afternoon i woke up by the loud sound of me leveling up. My AoE was so powerfull (at a normal rate) that i could stand still and let the mobs kill them selfs on my close encounter defence.New chalenge: play on veteran! its harder :DOki doke. well i didnt dozs off, but it didnt give me that ♥♥♥♥ i needed. Still boring.New chalenge: Only use magic!Allright :)I think i got to level 7 and this was more fun, as a wimpy spellcaster. The few spells either cost alot of MP, or do such a small ammount of damage, that as soon as i found a non magical pure normal musket, i was ""hmm.. this dose +45 more DPS than my wimpy spells.. screw this i'm going guns..""If you want spell that workes best as an enchant on a weapon, be my guest. But personaly, i want to fire lightningbolts up their azzes so hard that they can fart campfirestarters for a week.Even as a druid or warrior I got bored. Just place your special power on left mouse, walk into the mobs and watch the show.Yes! I know that i didnt complete the game, or even get very far. But with the years behind me as a gamer i know when to quit if i'm not having any fun.I can only recomend the game on a 50% off sale and if your bored like hell searching for that game to kill time, before you find your new best game ever."
76561197993394765,Not Recommended,219990,21797325,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,OmniViral,"If you gonna play the game with party. Don't. Constant crashes, disconnects and lags will follow you.But it is a nice game. That why networking issues feels even worse."
,Not Recommended,219990,21751540,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Banana,"Game crashes a lot. Gameplay is OK, talent lines are cool. Lots of ways to play classes."
76561197970230754,Not Recommended,219990,21647677,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Iron Exa,Was looking for a diablo 3 alternative. Grim Dawn is sadly not as fun as diablo
,Not Recommended,219990,30629938,Posted: 19 March,all,Princemousey,Basically feels the same as titan quest to me except in a different setting. Many quality of life upgrades found in Diablo 3 are not present in this title.
76561198010242415,Not Recommended,219990,21673668,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,The Golden Shower,"Terrible performance issues that kill the enjoyment of the game. Im getting 40-50 fps in town, dispite having dual 980s. Give it a pass."
,Not Recommended,219990,21706952,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,A3`,"""This Review is in Arabic for my Friends list and others of the large Arabic Community:**التقييم هذا مبني على تجربتي الشخصية باللعب مع صديق على مستوى الصعوبة العادي**---كلمني واحد من أخوياي قالي إن هاللعبة شكلها كويسة وسعرها كان مخفض بحوالي 10% بالمية، وعلى إني دايماً أتحرص على شراء لعبة ماعندي فيها أي خلفية هالمرة قلت خلني اشتري شيء من الصفر واتعلمها حبة حبة،هذي اللعبة للأمانة ماكنت متوقع منها شيء كثير لأنها زي ماتشوفون في التاقز فوق إنها لعبة إندي!وبالفعل اللعبة نفس ماكنت متوقعها، قصيرة، مافيها قصة جديدة، أنت البطل المغوار اللي لازم يذبح البوس الاخير خلال مغامرتك في التلال والجبال والخ.بداية اللعبة كانت ممتعة، وهو شيء طبيعي للعبة أول مرة تلعبها تحاول تكتشف الشيء الفلاني والعلاني، التحكم فيها جيد إلى حد ما، لكن لا تتوقع إنها راح تكون سلسة مثل ألعاب لها الخبرة في هالمجال مثل باث أوف إكسايل على سبيل المثال..لكن الشيء الجميل في هاللعبة طريقة الخلط بين الكلاسات، والباسيف تري،على كلام الناس إن اللعبة نسخة مشابهة أو تقليد لديابلو 2 اللي للأسف مالعبتها ولا أدري إذا كانت بتعجبني لو لعبتها في ذاك الوقت..الوكااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااد:علشان أختصر الموضوع.. اللعبة حليلة بس ماهيب لهناك، بتنبسط بها شوي، بس لا تتوقع إنك بتلعبها بشكل إدماني زي باقي الألعاب المشهورة بها المجالكذا كذا إذا عندك 70 ريال وماتبيها مرة، وتحب هالنوع فاشترها، غير كذا أشوف إنها حسافة"
76561198169893401,Not Recommended,219990,22897136,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Yikkin,"Looks fun. Unfortunately it was just an endless parade of stupid issues so I refunded it. Let's go over them, shall we?1) Black Screen on startup.Self explanatory, the game won't even launch correctly.2) Resolution issues.I play on a 720p TV, and the 720p res in these options renders it in a little box. No prob, I'll just upscale it! Now it's zoomed in and hard to read.3) I CANNOT EVEN CREATE A CHARACTER.IT JUST SAYS ""ENTER A NAME FOR YOUR CHARACTER"" EVERY TIME!But, after going through that about twenty times, it let me make one. Yay! Now I can't even start the single player, it just does nothing.This game looked fun, but it doesn't work for me and so I cannot recommend it."
76561198013157097,Not Recommended,219990,30302849,Posted: 3 March,all,Cackslopper,Overrated. Dont know why everyone loves this game. Also FULL CONTROLLER SUPPORT? Try playing it with a controller... It's hilarious
,Not Recommended,219990,28401262,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Texas*,"Very boring.No matter how much time you put into this game you will be playing the same 12 hour campaign over and over.   We have this game at the LAN I work for.  I have not found anything interesting in this game.  If you want a more satisfying experience then you should buy Diablo3.  Only those who enjoy number stacking will find this game interesting.  When you hit end game there isn't even a leaderboards to give your endless grind meaning.  you have two choices: Reroll and play the same campaign 4 times or, GAME OVER."
,Not Recommended,219990,22783510,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,bon bon ceyo,"the game reminds of d2 slightly with a major thing missing: there is no closed secure server! i do not see any point in playing a loot-grinding based game without a secure closed world and trading.apart from this, the classes are unnecessarily complicated. especially the skill names are crazy. it feels like going back to school memorizing table of elements. dual class specialization sounds interesting, but due to this very steep learning curve of skills and synergies, it all becomes too demanding for a single player game.i do not recommend this game until these issues are worked out."
,Not Recommended,219990,29439710,Posted: 23 January,all,Lel,♥♥♥♥ you crate
,Not Recommended,219990,22887088,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,luckyjoe80,"Ugh, the developers pulled the same cr*p as they did on Titan Quest: fun, fun, fun, until the final boss, zero fun. What on earth is the point of a) building a final boss battle in a restricted area, unlike any battle before it, b) ramping the difficulty beyond anything that has been seen before and c) making the success of the final battle heavily reliant on specific builds?  I would have given the game a thumb's up until that point: I had had a lot of fun, and was just happy to finish the game. But nooooo. Typhon all over again. Bah."
,Not Recommended,219990,34466142,Posted: 24 August,all,Chibi Helloween,Full controller support my♥♥♥♥♥ even after you customized the controls it still does whatever the hell it wants
76561198303101310,Not Recommended,219990,24009589,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CTOKPAT,мультиплеер кооперативное прохождение????? всё враньё сервера постые !!!!!!!!!!
76561198204948100,Not Recommended,219990,32016213,Posted: 28 May,all,Nazgul-,The control when attacking enemy is not good. We must to click even small enemy to kill
76561198075821217,Not Recommended,219990,26296686,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,foxlove,Kinda Disapointed cant change your hair or any thing astetic...Kind of lacking something difrent to make it better then path of Exile.. So Path of exile Is still better when hundreads of skills you can learn from just exupiting the runes to weapons. Wish they had something like that.
76561197964265262,Not Recommended,219990,21953372,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Maniac Mike,This game is not fun.
,Not Recommended,219990,30796984,Posted: 28 March,all,Cockus Maximus,boring as hell
,Not Recommended,219990,24749377,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,DirectC,borring....
,Not Recommended,219990,21784057,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,sleepygaymer,"Sorry but this game is not full controller support. If you try to use a 360 controller it's impossible to use skills. I see no reason for this either. Yes some skills you need to aim, but I see no reason why I shouldn't be able to assign a skill to a button and the aiming automatically happen in front of me."
,Not Recommended,219990,29911713,Posted: 13 February,all,WPlays,"The game doesn't start when I try to launch it!My rig:Processor : Intel Core i7-6700KCPU Cooler : Coolermaster Hyper 212x TurboGPU : Zotac Geforce GTX 1080 AMP! EditionSoundcard : Asus Xonar DGXMotherboard : Gigabyte Z170-HD3HDD : 6TBSSD : Samsung 850 EVO 1TB, Samsung 850 PRO 128GBRAM : Team Elite Plus DDR4 PC19200 32GB(4x8GB) 2400MHzPower Supply : Corsair RM750x Gold Certified"
76561197985811022,Not Recommended,219990,30610232,Posted: 19 March,all,Korppi,"Good game gameplay wise, but offers worst performance. 1080Ti -> 50-70fps, can dip to 25fps and for no good reason, nothing spectacular going on screen when this happens."
,Not Recommended,219990,21599107,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,MatzohBalls,"While there are the seeds of a great game, Grim Dawn is not at all accomodating for new players. Instead of pick-up-and-play, it becomes pick-up, look-up, scratch-head, start-again, same-thing, wonder-why, etc.The beginning needs a good revamp and tutorial zone (skippable if desired)."
76561198109454249,Not Recommended,219990,33162362,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr. Worldwide,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198277633596,Not Recommended,219990,30625595,Posted: 19 March,all,guilfoylevegguilveg,Grim Dawn does not play  smoothly on windws 10 .  i cannot play the game but steam will not refund me.
76561198160252994,Not Recommended,219990,34762678,Posted: 5 September,all,Tagg,"Grim Dawn has the potential to be one of the best games for the year.  However, Grim Dawn staff have allowed this game to be hacked and playble with Trainers.   Anyone who is a true gamer understands how these cheats spoil the game for those who truely want to enjoy questing and progressing with other who are playing without these types of advantages.  Just ask the Blizzard team how much chaos was created in WOW before they took cheating seriously and cleaned up hacks.If cheats programs don't bother you then try to enjoy the game."
76561198208792712,Not Recommended,219990,26227582,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,1528736819238128973,Cooldown Simulator
76561198265779379,Not Recommended,219990,21742333,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,erick.casilla101322,i cant see the mouse pointer on the title menu..cant start the game.. i want a refund please
76561198051482983,Not Recommended,219990,21883277,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,xmoebeex,this is the biggest piece of crap i have ever seen. after all this time to release and you cant get your graphic setting to work? wow just wow i have a beast of a laptop and let me tell you the better your pc the worse this game is you have to play in window mode because when you go full screen you actually lose your mouse haha yes you heard me you actually lose your mouse on scren what a joke. if this was a full price game i would ask for a refund but screw it let them have the money i dont care enough to ask for it back
,Not Recommended,219990,32468546,Posted: 16 June,all,I'MA KNOCC U OUT B!TCH,Had Potencial Bad Game RIP
76561198017730781,Not Recommended,219990,23226209,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,"It's 2016 not 1996. This game might have been good 15 years ago.So far its development progresses at a snail's pace. Balance is non existant. Viable builds are lacking. Experience progression is way too long from level 8-10 onward. It does not include many much much needed features contrarily to almost all other ARPG's out there.Considering you have to pay for this game I can only give it a 1.5 / 10 at best.Truly a disappointment, I was and still am a fan of Titan Quest and this graphically enhanced copy does not come close to it.I recommend any gamer out there to go for Path of Exile instead. (true F2p cosmetic only, top notch developers, rapid development)"
76561198102467745,Not Recommended,219990,24770047,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,pump action shotgun,Do you want the ♥♥♥♥♥iest game ever made in the history of gaming!!THEN SPEND YOUR MONEY HERE!
76561198105949929,Not Recommended,219990,31108680,Posted: 12 April,all,angelstreetfire,I don't like point and click games. And I bought this game. After watching the demo left on the steam page. Which shows no curser or reference to point and click. On the gameplay demonstration. This and alss the advertisement of controller support. Which appears not to work. Were the two reasons I primarily bought the crawler. Having been looking for a game similiar to guanltet. To me a waste of fifty bucks ozzy.
76561198297640998,Not Recommended,219990,26261316,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ScarletXVI,"'Ya can not kill a god!''No, we can!''So, I nerf you and buff the god.' :)'Terrible...But I can still do this with another strategy.''So, nerf your build again and buff him again.' :)............'Finally, no one can kill a god.'Do not ask why many people do not play honestly, if 'gods' just want mortals to knee before his grace, the result is people will do something disgrace."
76561198350391127,Not Recommended,219990,28663772,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,paulcontreras720,bad
,Not Recommended,219990,34177276,Posted: 11 August,all,Triod,"Don't buy this game, is not that great, and if you ever have a problem, their Technical Suport will completely ingnore you as they did to me. If you are lucky and the game has no problems, good for you, but if there's anything wrong with it,  you'll be stuck like me."
76561198086435719,Not Recommended,219990,32017310,Posted: 28 May,all,The Hindu Atheist,"Good game,Nice combat mechanics and everything , but its full of bug and the Devs haven't fixed anything. Stay away from this game ,it's really crazy , when you play for sometime and suddenly the only way to fix bug , is to delete everthing and reinstall.♥♥♥♥ it.Atleast,Diablo 3 and 2 works well."
76561198113670934,Not Recommended,219990,23604714,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,U_nih_bustei_u_nas_dolbaebi,play Path of Exilethis game is soo borningWhile i was playing i have been scratching my balls with left hend the whole timeand in the meantime my right hand was in my...you better not know whereother difficulty levels  - not too hard. I am Hardcore gamerI pend all time in game - i have been just holding right mouse buttom down the WHOLE TIME - veary nicegame for autists
,Not Recommended,219990,34989260,Posted: 15 September,all,varchar,Played coop whole game. Was nice till it lasted.Too short. Not finished product.
76561197964270775,Not Recommended,219990,28543869,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Fazer,"Greed again, I paid £37.72 for two copies of this game back in 2013 , I'm not paying for the DLC and Loyalist upgrade.  I supported the game in the early stages, ten years on and titan quest is still better."
76561198065595618,Not Recommended,219990,21583833,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Vanilla Ahegao,"Sorry but it's so boring , After an hour playing. I must refund this game and re-play Torchlight 2 ( maybe diablo 2 too ) ."
76561198050941579,Not Recommended,219990,21554061,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,js00526,Constant freezing and progress loss...
76561198077318334,Not Recommended,219990,30665036,Posted: 22 March,all,TehDavie,"Just got this game a few days ago. It seems like a MAJOR rip off of Diablo 3. The classes are VERY similar.  Only far less spells and abilities.  All the maps are woven together so its easy to leave one area. Makes it very hard to do quests.  Some quests dont seem to work very well. I go to the designated location and search the enitre area for the person to kill, and they are not there. Im new so maybe theres something Im missing. But just stick to Diablo 3, this game is pratically a copy."
76561198317360465,Not Recommended,219990,25283862,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,TravisYellow,First time play this game.I can't find my cursor
76561198004824492,Not Recommended,219990,20100114,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Battle Squirrel,"This game is bugged if you put it in windowed mode; the in game cursor doesn't line up with with where the mouse actually is so you can't press any of the main menu options, including the option to put it back in full screen. So it just gets stuck on the main menu and you can't get past it....can't even play it..."
,Not Recommended,219990,21180400,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kaioshi,Can't do multiplayer. Fire your netcode guy!
,Not Recommended,219990,30625703,Posted: 19 March,all,Baba Ghanoush,This was boring af
,Not Recommended,219990,30847324,Posted: 30 March,all,tactical noose,today im am writing this reviewing about rim job. rim job is a frist person shooter with no acting it fails to be what it want to be and show do buy this game. it will kill your family and you're neighbour 4/10
76561198008952878,Not Recommended,219990,21358278,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,hein,"Unable to clear out areas for more than a few minutes , even story line dungeon bosses aren't removed after a kill, they go for a toilet break and return. Might be OK for an MMO but in a single player campaign it's bull. It's possible to reach lvl 40+ without leaving the starter areas. Log out , log in and the whole lot is repopulated."
,Not Recommended,219990,21484643,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,cracatoa,"I'm not sure how many of these reviews were written before the ""journey"" to Homestead.  I just got through this part, and it was the most boring few hours I've ever had in any game.Mechanics:  Nothing new.  If you've played 1 ARPG, you've played them all really and Grim Dawn didn't take any risks.Graphics:   Scenery is fine, but combine scenery with creatures and far too often they blend in to the point of causing eye strain.Pace:  Awful.  Just flat out the worst paced game ever.  Soon as you get past the little intro area, it just becomes a repetitive grind of monsters.Story:  There are a  lot of lore elements all over the place, but they don't all seem to tie together yet.  It is very neat and engrossing, but without some wrapping up later on in the story, I think some of these will have been a tanget not worth going on.I do not like the Up or Down voting that Steam allows.  I wouldn't rate this as a 1 out of 5.  More like a 3 out of 5.  For some, that means I should recommend it.  For me, I don't recommend anything I can't give a 4/5 to.  So, I do not recommend this game as it stands.  Few changes could make it a bit better, but I don't expect those to come.Solid 3 out of 5."
,Not Recommended,219990,20311573,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SGT WTF,"This game is disappointing, but as far as ARPGs go, it may satisfy your itch.  It retains the same tedium of item grinding and skill building of Diablo 2, but unfortunately doesn't offer much more.   If you enjoy the tedium go play Path of Exile instead.  If you want modern mechanics go play Diablo 3 + Reaper of Souls instead.  Just don't waste your time here."
76561198051501262,Not Recommended,219990,17147669,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Kaigamer2002,"After all this hype here on the feedbacks i tough well lets try it out. What i got was a dated arpg that does feel really sluggish and not fluid. The combat is horrible and just bland. The graphics look like form the year 2000.  So far i cant really post any pros on why you want to buy into this. If oyu are really a sucker for arpgs terhe are better options liek torchlight, diablo and path of exile."
76561198141513962,Not Recommended,219990,14533079,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ghh,"it's good, but it's more of a 10 dollar game currently with the amount of content"
,Not Recommended,219990,17446965,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Bastymuss,"This game just felt like a horrible slog, like wading through a swamp while being eaten alive by mosquitoes."
,Not Recommended,219990,21507621,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,[Sup~portWK]Vhak,"Constant freezing makes this game aggravating, I'm not a huge fan of losing an hour of progress strangely enough?"
76561197966528825,Not Recommended,219990,13899331,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Cestus,"A pretty but rather unimaginative reskin of titan quest. I was hoping for a bit more depth of character building, but it is basically titan quest with 5 new classes. Only recommended if you have not played titan quest."
76561198117662844,Not Recommended,219990,16281670,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,pezz,"I really dont understand all the love for this game.If youre looking for super pretty beautiful D3 looks and runs better. I understand its early access but optimization is aweful.Also whats up with 1 character model per sex? Boring.If you want deep intricate gameplay, Path Of Exile is better. Yes GD is deeper than D3 but no where nears as mentally stimulating as PoE.I guess if you want a mediocre experience in both of those instead of great in 1 this game is alright, but i wouldnt recommend it."
76561198081046977,Not Recommended,219990,31611349,Posted: 7 May,all,TURBO HULK,This game is very good but diablo 3 is gooder.
76561198006270410,Not Recommended,219990,19921044,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,QUESO OK,"3 of us all bought this game looking at all the positive reviews on the steam page, so heres a negative oneMultiplayer doesn't work.We spent more time waiting for people to connect than we did playing the games, sometimes. Today we spent 20 minutes trying to connect, each of us all taking turns to see if it was a problem on one persons computer, but it wasn't.Game is pretty fun wh en you're playing it, but considering we bought this purely for mulitplayer i can't recommend it for people looking for a good reliable multiplayer purpose"
,Not Recommended,219990,21443809,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Beardmage,"Came here, saw a lot of positive comments about the game being super good and fun to play.Gave it 10 hours, but meh, it doesn't innovate much. The UI is below average, the environment mediocre, and the fight is ... meh ( Most builds consist of left-clicking, np). That's just another clone with old mechanics and boring boss fights.Had way more fun with Path of Exile.Too bad I can't ask for a refund now..."
76561198080647536,Not Recommended,219990,14979722,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,JohnPodesta,"First of all, this is my initial review after only a couple of hours. I will probably revise it sometime later (at the moment it just seems to me the game has WAY to many thumbs up).My first impression of Grim Dawn: Well... this looks kinda.. outdated? If youre a graphics fetishist this is definitely not the game for you. Not just the characters and landscape, also the whole menus, buttons, controls etc.. somewhat remembers me of Diablo2, or just the default look you have in any game from 1999 (apparently its based on the titan quest engine, that game was released 2006, though i never played that so I cannot tell how much they improved the stuff)Nevertheless, I decided to just spend a few hours, then a few more, just to see what more skills and items I can get... turns out the game can become really addictive. Big bonus point for replayability and experimentation is the fact that you can combine skills from any two of the 5 main classes, so in total you get 15 different classes. HOWEVER, the skilltrees of each class are really quite small, so within a class there is very little room for specialization. For example, the Arcanist (mage class) has only 11 active skills to choose from (provided you play it as main class and even reach the high lvl skills), the rest are ~20 passives . You have to spend skill points just to level up your class and subclass in order get access to the later skills, I found it kinda frustrating to spend my precious skill points and not getting any skills in return.Also, the game needs a looot of patience. the maps are just nearly endless wide open planes with groups of monsters placed everywhere, and you have to comb through every squaremeter of them in search for some quest items/missing person/evil monster etc...For the first few hours you probalby have only 2-3 active skills and maybe a toggle-on-off-skill which makes fights mindnumbingly repetitive, but I guess it can only get better once you have enough skills to actually vary them depending on the situation.  Overall, I still prefer this game over Path of Exile, which has an extremely confusing and overwhelming skill forest.However, If you are hesitant and want to wait and see how Grim Dawn develops, I highly recommend playing Van Helsing 2 in the meantime. It just has a much more polished, finished and unique look, great stroy with voice acting (in contrast to the dull walls of text in Grim Dawn) and much much more variety in terms of skills and item crafting / enchanting.Lastly, I find it highly unprofessional of the Grim Dawn devs, to constantly point out ""were just a poor bunch of 8 people, have mercy with us..."" but it doesn't keep them from charging 23€ for an unfinished game, which is really a lot of money for an early access title that might actually be considered just a mod."
76561197967556264,Not Recommended,219990,19072970,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Zesus,Simply don't buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Not near diablo 1-2-3 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,219990,20015337,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ArabRambo,C'est non bon!
76561198011270411,Not Recommended,219990,15573248,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,SiFi,"Very slow in development.Content being added is very rare and very minor changes.Discribed as ""...complex character development..."", but all the customisation is very minor stat increases and skills that leave you feeling like they had zero impact.This game needs a major overhaul."
,Not Recommended,219990,15146571,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Winstontaneous,"This is a prerelease review so I'm going to dive in and address some issues that exist now that I hope will be fixed in the future, but don't come back to this review if I haven't hopped back in and edited it during the next patch or whatevs.I didn't know what awaited me with Grim Dawn, because I haven't played games that it tries to emulate like Diablo and Titan Quest, but I knew the basics, top down (75% angle) RPG dungeon-crawly action. I was going to put RTS in there somewhere, but so far all the characters play pretty much the same, the only customization you have is to cook up 20 different classes that all have similar attack patterns. Only difference is what equipment they use, damage type, etc. etc.I don't like the maps, or trying to get where you're going, since the world looks mostly the same for large stretches, you have to continually check the map, and I never rotate the camera, or else I would be ten times more lost. This is especially troublesome for one early boss, Wormgut the maneater, I think his name was, whose secret location changes, and doesn't show up on the map. (I didn't get him to drop anything, either, so pretty much a wasted effort)I understand that most other games would spoil me and be holding my hand by putting enemies on the radar or pointing out exactly where I should be going, but there is something to being able to get information out of the game that you're playing.That being said, there are from what I hear, 8 people at Crate, so we'll see how this one goes.5/10 - I'd like to love it, but I don't hate it. You could sink tons of hours into it to get the best loot or pass this game up unless it's on sale."
76561198005603347,Not Recommended,219990,10981130,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dusk,"unfinished on essential levels...I know what early access means. It's just that usually early access games are ""mostly"" finished games with unfinished items here and there and the occasional bug. This game has some unresolved major flaws: the regular enemies are extremely easy to deal with while the bosses are near impossible to beat (at least with the class I'm playing). many of the cave maps just repeat themselves. the loot one finds, which is a big part of the fun in the game, is worthless when you try to sell it the town store - why do I have to sell 15 magical items just so can afford to buy 1 (!) small healing potion ? Also, the magical abilities have a very poor selection - you can see that I have played this game at this point less then 10 hrs but my character already unlocked most of his magical abilities.It took no time to get them leaving me wondering what do I have left to aspire further on ?  Elemental resistances are insignificant in actual combat and many other basic level stuff. Gross mismatch between character level and magical item drop: my wizard is lvl 15 and he's still getting magic items that I would expect to be granted to lvl's 3-4. There are many more of these inconsistencies in the games that damage the gameplay. Not to talk on all the bugs, one of which is that any time you try to adjust the game setting (resolution etc) the game simply crashes. I love Diablo type games and that why I bought Grim Dawn but from what I saw of the game so far if I didn't know better, I would think that the developers needed some extra cash (btw, like the rest of us...) and took some existing platform (my guess would be dungeon siege in this case), modified it somewhat, and put it on the market as a ""early access"" game. This game has potential, but at the moment it nothing more than a very basic platform with severe game play issues."
,Not Recommended,219990,19964481,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Arex,"I have no idea why people bother playing these clickfests, every single one is the same. I don't even know why I put the time into it."
76561198024864030,Not Recommended,219990,9819169,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,martas.horak,"Don't waste money, there are better games.Pros- class system looks good. Quite a lot of choises and interesting skills- i like lightning effect on my swordCons- played as a warriror and i have to say that equip design is really uggly. I had a feeling i choose garbage-collector than warrior class- in general, graphics is poor- health is refilled incredibly fast if you don't fight a little while.- no portal limit and portal never disappear. With healing refill it makes every fight quite easy.- no interesting places. Almost all the time just fields and few caves (ok hive, mine are little different but anyway lacks of any design). I expected more complex levels with different graphics."
76561198071180226,Not Recommended,219990,14046607,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ahangu,"OK, I'm going to write a full review based on my 2 hours of playing Grim Dawn, which might sound silly, but it will make sense as the text progreses.Firstly, I am a passionate gamer, meaning I don't play a game 1 day, finish it as quick as I can then forget about it. I have played RPG's since Diablo 1, I dindn't like the graphics of Diablo 2, but the gameplay was enough to get10 yearsof my life playing it.When I first saw Titan Quest it was love at first sight, a game ahead of its time in all the aspects, polished to perfection, like a good old movie made with dedication and good acting. Do you know what Grim Dawn is at the moment? It's like ""The Amazin Spiderman"", a movie far worse than it's predecesor including bad acting, bad jokes and all the ingredients that would make a ""good"" parody.When I decide to try something new, I have great expectations, starting with the originality of the gameplay, a decent story (matters in single player RPG's) and the last place goes to game design (skill effects, overall graphics). At the moment Grim Dawn doesn't qualify for any of those things, as a matter of fact, the graphic design is something dated in 1997 by my standards. The ground, monsters and walls are blended togheter like a Picasso fresh painting that was accidentely splattered with wather before it had time to dry.Let's move to gameplay: I had troubles identifying some corrupt soldiers or whatever their name was because they all look alike, I got lost many times because everything looks the same and the map is ridiculously large and the quests given by NPC's don't always take place in a certain area, which made me confuse.That quest in which a monster poisoned the water is straight stolen from Diablo 1. Who did you expect to play this game, 5 years old?The music is dull, the dialogues are missing, not even the main character gets a sarcastic line or something which might bring some sort of attachement to her/himNow, I am aware that the game isn't finished, but when you put it to sale, you expect 3/4 to be done, while by the looks of it is more like 20%The developers of Grim Dawn are not alone in this trend of releasing an uncertain product in the market hoping that there will be enough naive consumers to satisfy the sellers, but this has to stop! I see this practice done in Hollywood movies, in cars, in mobile phones, music, toys, etc. and just feels sad that the world is evolving toward low quality products just to get immediate profit"
76561198082922191,Not Recommended,219990,21582398,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,180004063,"It's almost like diablo 3, lost interest in it. But to busy to forget refund... ♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,219990,9417457,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Michel,"This game is a shame. It is still in alpha and for me it is already dead.The game is using ancient Titan Quest engine and is inspired by the main Titan Quest developer, so don't expect it to be really different from TQ. Devs just tried to mask old flaws behind a steam punk game.- Still no in-game voicing- Skill trees and leveling were not changed- Quest system is like go there kill that/fetch that- Inappropriate graphics for 2014- Combat is pretty much the same as in TQ- 12 year old game engineGrim Dawn looks pretty grim to me, so if you do not consider yourself a stalwart hardcore fan of TQ, I would recommend you not buying this game. It's just not worth buying the same old game that pretends to be a new one."
76561198256944686,Not Recommended,219990,18678764,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,dseeni,"game not working, unable to play due to mouse cursor. seems like a great came, but can't get it to work"
76561198015513477,Not Recommended,219990,10016335,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Hitagi Senjougahara,"Унылый титан квест 2014 года - без свежих идей, без графона, без души. Если допилят сетевую игру, может еще что-то выйдет, а так 5/10."
76561197970718218,Not Recommended,219990,17119591,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,WickedKae,"I really want to like this game, but it is just mired in out of date design choices that make it boring or painful to play."
76561198061275146,Not Recommended,219990,13063538,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dreamblade,"Early Access 11/23/14Overall the game has a solid foundation. However I cannot recommend this to any of my friends at the moment.Pros-Great Graphics.-Varied character progression by allowing you to mix two different archtypes.-Grim dark, post apocalyptic fantasy, a rare setting in the genre.-Adjustable camera.-Varied loot drops with good itemization.-A robust item enhacement systemCons-Less than 15 hours of gameplay currently.-Level capped at 35. This means you will reach the level cap very early before you complete Act II.-Extremely slow updates by the developer. Be prepared to wait into mid to late 2015 to see any additional content. This is exerbated by the extremely low level cap.-No character customization, you only select male or female generic model. No facial features, height, etcetera.I do not recomend this game at the moment. Wait until final release AND DLCs or until the collection is available."
76561198037643780,Not Recommended,219990,16835088,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ccnn24,"This practice of selling incomplete games has to stop.  What youre buying with Grim Dawn is the skeleton of a game that had potential 3 years ago but has long since seen its time come and go.This game is total garbage in its current state.  Its not optimized to run on high end rigs.  The item and skill sets are unfinished, most of the tooltips are inexplicably cryptic, etcetera, etcetera.FFs devs if you can get funding fine, but stop publishing and selling♥♥♥♥♥♥like this to consumers."
,Not Recommended,219990,13614190,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nöffe,"First off I would like to say: I LOVE TITAN QUEST. I played it countless hours when it was released. Me and some friends picked it up about a year ago again and we thought it was very fun. There was only one problem, everyone lagged but the serverhost.But then I saw Grim Dawn. Oh I thought, the same creators as Titan Quest, maybe it´s just as good. But maybe even better as it is so new.I was wrong, the only thing that is better is the multiplayer, as it works (kind of) well.But if you are going to play singleplayer, I would rather play Titan Quest.Grim Dawn is Titan Quest with a bad story and also very UNCOMPLETE story. The graphics are the same but with an a lot uglier theme.I would give Titan Quest 8/10 (2 star loss because of multplayer)I would give Grim Dawn 4/10 (2 for multiplayer, 2 for trying to recreate the atmosphere of TQ)"
,Not Recommended,219990,17133538,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"This game is so similar to Titan Quest in so many ways that there's really no reason to play it if you have already played TQ. The skill system is identical, the combat is identical, the classes are very similar, mechanically - it's only different in world and flavor. If you absolutely loved every second of Titan Quest and want more of the same, this is a good option; but frankly, I don't think many people fall into that camp."
76561198019759844,Not Recommended,219990,17178408,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,kittenpurr,I don't have much feedback about gameplay since I seem to crash every 5 minutes. I'm level 5 and haven't even made it out of the first town.
76561197999698229,Not Recommended,219990,21216985,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ADDA,"I can't play this game for more then 10 minutes. There is nothing unique of eye catching about this game. Go play Patch of Exile. The strategy in Path of Exile is deeper. The graphics are the same or better in Path of Exile. It's free and a finished game, with new content coming more often than this game in development do. 3 out of 10, below average, would play something else."
76561198040615764,Not Recommended,219990,11369458,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,kmole,MY GIRLFRIEND LOVES I DO NOT IT IS NOT A PATCH ON TITAN QUEST
76561198042936302,Not Recommended,219990,21491629,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Balakk,"If you are looking to play with friends, you will find it extremely difficult. I've had an extreme amount of issues trying to connect to the internet using the ""Upnp"" however i've set my router to enable ""Upnp"". I've manually added the appropriate port ""27016"". Regardless of the methods and steps that I have taken to try to resolve the issue, I come up empty handed.I wouldn't bother with it due to the hoops you have to go through to try to connect online and it will utimately fail. You can get the same experience with Diablo 3 or Path of Exile."
,Not Recommended,219990,21564133,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,aapo,Like PoE?Skip this and keep playing PoE.
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,219990,31404936,Posted: 27 April,all,Dustin,"A similar RPG game like Diablo, but with ""some"" flaws that make it pretty challenging.Great graphics, visuals, and storyline. The gameplay is a little off though, quite unorthodox.You need to click to hit, EVERY, SINGLE, TIME. So to hit one enemy, you need to constantly click them to attack. Now that's okay, like in games like Guild Wars 2. It makes it more in-depth so you are more ""in control"" of your character, but when the enemy moves, your character moves automatically to attack it's so f*cking hard to click the exact f*cking spot to attack, since again, we're doing this in a birds-eye view.There's also a quest list, but let me explain how awesome it is;""Hey, we know you almost died, I would have killed you if it wasn't for my commanding officer so don't ask me any favours [Wow great intro, f*ck you too a**hole], but you need to meet so and such, and do such and which, at C*ckT*ts Landing just passed F*ckFarts Alley.""*Looks at map/radar* ... No idication where that's located.*Looks at the ""Quest Log""* Just reminds you what you have to do, not where to go.Wow.Great, so WHERE THE F*CK DO I GO!?!?!?!?!?!?^ This is you, ALL THE TIME.YAY! Good RPG, 1 point for the visuals.1/10"
76561198004846271,Not Recommended,219990,13223575,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,silver vampire,this game is broken buggy and almost unplayable still at this point. changed grapics setting because game kept bugging out and then tried to go back to playing the game for it to register my mouse far off and uncalibrated...so i couldent click anything. the skill tree is pretty bad as it has about 3-5 active skills to use per tree just about and none of which are special or cool. too many issues at this point of developement id wait to buy this until they fix alot of thing. also in shops its bad to try to buy stuff as everything is over priced and when trying to see text for items close to the border it will not be possible as the border clips the text for weapon stats. Really hope they add skills and fix some of these bugs soon as the game is oddly fun still at this point esp the gorey ragdolling zombies when you bash them across the screen and watch them land in awkward positions onto tables and such. will probably re-review when the game gets its much needed updates.now after the full release of the game it had been made alot better bugs have been fixed skills can be used and the game works better altogether. still cant recommend the game though since the game never crashed once in my well over 90 hours of playing the game. i play again at full launch and all the sudden within about 20 minutes it crashes. not sure if this games trolling me since when it was a broken pile of trash it worked without crashing and now its great but crashes.
,Not Recommended,219990,13566396,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Balkep,"If you liked Titan Quest, you'll probably have your portion of fun with this game. If, like myself, you're looking for a more Diablo-style action/RPG you may want to move along.The negative things:- Most of the ingame content is not procedurally generated, so there's not much in terms of replayability.- The maps are huge, but they look almost identical and there's not enough visual variety.- The AI is lacking. Ranged monsters shooting walls you're hiding behind instead of trying to flank you. Melee monsters rarely trying to avoid your attacks and dying rapidly because of that.- The pacing is quite slow. The amount of useful loot you get is miserable and you usually don't get enough ingame currency to buy really good items from merchants.- The skills are somewhat boring. Having something like ""Your attacks now deal some extra fire damage"" when there's no or very little visual effect is not that exciting. There's not enough ""weight"" and epicness in the process of grinding monsters into dust.The positive things:- There are some dialogs. I can't say I'm a fan of those, especially since there's no voice over for them, but hey, some people like this kind of stuff stuff.- The dual specialization idea is quite neat. I wish the skills from different specs were synergizing better.Am I regretting buying the game? A bit, but now I know exactly why I like other actions/RPGs and appreciate the effort their devs put into them.Update: If you have doubts about buying the game please read the other reviews, both positive and negative. The game seems to have a strong fan community that may be somewhat defensive about the game, thus apologizing certain flaws in the game design or content. That is understandable, but that is not helpful for a consumer."
,Not Recommended,219990,14251578,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,billbotics,"Not recommended.It's basically just Titan Quest with a post-apocalyptic setting. While this sounds like a good idea, Titan Quest came out nearly 10 years ago, and not much has improved here. There are a few things I do like (for example: the food system), but the price tag does not justify the purchase, especially when there are better ARPGs on the market for cheaper or free.Only spend the money to support the developers if you're really into TQ. Otherwise, avoid until it is heavily discounted."
76561197983003281,Not Recommended,219990,8110686,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Flatliner,"Can't get into this game. With the lack of any visually appealing abilities, being able to summon pets that do more damage than you do, and a very awkward stat system, and using ranged attacks only to find them hitting the ground an inch from your character at times, this game leaves much to be desired with ARPGs like Path of Exile out there which is completely free to play and offers a much better overall progression and game experience.Even for an Alpha stage game, and expectations being low, it fails to deliver a game play experience on par with Diablo 1, which is over 20 years old.If you're looking for a good solid ARPG outside of Diablo 3 or Torchlight 2, stick with Path of Exile."
76561198006839402,Not Recommended,219990,13602924,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,usablehero,"First, review, ever.Since Titan Quest, something has been nagging me. Where is a Titan Questesque(word) ripoff? Well, now we have one.I like the game. Please, don't get me wrong. I have HUNDREDS of hours into Titan's Quest. My Steam account doesn't accurately reflect the hours I have put in. Considering, I bought TQ when it first came out and then proceeded to buy the expansion. Then after a couple of years on the shelf. Steam released the Gold pack, and I couldn't resist.Simply put, I cannot recommend Grim Dawn.I like GRIM DAWN, I LIKE GRIM DAWN. I just cannot tell my friends/family to buy this game.Why?First off. It looks almost exactly like TQ, but SLIGHTLY updated. Almost, to me, like I just spent 20$ on TQ 1.75, except, 10 years later. Grim Dawn isn't even TQ 2.0. It's unacceptable. Not to mention, the mobs are EERIELY similar to TQs. I'm talking about frames and skeletons.In this day in age, you cannot pass this look off. Nor get away with reusing skeletons and frames from 10 years ago. This game is a slight a niche market with people pandering to nostaglia. I'm guilty, as charged.The UI is clunky, unresponsive, and down right ambigious. It's purpose is vague and comes with 1234567. These days, QWERTY is the new setup. It just shows the age on the developers. They are behind the times. Right clicking and selecting makes sense. But it doesn't explain anything. If you are new to the TQ vibe, this is vague. I know, I have been there. At the time(Since TQ), there wasn't a place I felt I could get this across. Hopefully, they take me honestly. I promise, I'm not trolling.I just started out with a Solider class, typical Tank/Melee build. Charge is broken. Half the time I get stuck, unable to move, it doesn't cast, or it completely locks down the screen. SOMETIMES, I pause, and it stops the problem, sometimes it doesn't. So I HAVE TO die, and lose EXP, or quit the game.The game is expansive. It's vast, and in that vastness, you get lost. Not finding objectives is common, even with reading quests description. Not enough quest items is common. Which requires farming. Farming content that doesn't have a net gain is pointless. It makes it repetitive and boring.The game needs fountains like TQ. Call them Flux Voids or something. Having to restart from Devils Crossing, then Rfiting, then backtracking is painful. It doesn't fly by today's standards.I haven't even done multiplayer. So I won't comment about it. This is JUST a summary of my 11 hours of experience.So, why do I like Grim Dawn?Same reasons I liked Titan's Quest. Neat and interesting loot, varied builds, and different. I love Hack n Slash genre. It's my bread and butter, go to, bored game. I supported Titan's Quest TWICE. They have gotten more money out of me, than any other game. (Outside of WoW) When I had seen the game, in 2012? I think. I said, when this goes to Steam, I WILL support the game. Because I had loved TQ so much.I had hoped that they( Grim's developers ) took a familar but seperate direction. Yet, all I am seeing is Titan's Quest 2, as it should have been 10 years ago. While I will continue to the follow the game and complete the content. This is my own Titan's Quest. I am the solo adventurer in the Grim Dawn. I will not recommend a Samwise to my Frodo on this trip.If the developers want to get in contact with me. I will give them a better, in depth, analysis. I hope they don't take this personally. This is just an honest review from a rabid fan of previous developments."
76561198012723871,Not Recommended,219990,15934220,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,sewi,"Edit for build 27Don't pay attention to the in-game counter. I generally have steam set to off-line. My game time at the time of the review was easily 40 hours, including Arcanist to what was then the max level, a Nightblade to lvl 25, and an Occultist to level 20.My Arcanist is now lvl 50, and I have indeed played offline again, so my time-counter does not reflect that. Tough tomatoes...Everything I wrote in the below preview still stands. Yes, even at lvl 50, nothing has changed about that feeling that you should have twice the amount of skill points to choose at least a second or third damaging skill to mix things up a bit.You get 150 skill points, all told, and have to put them intoa) your mastery - that is 50 points total to access the highest tier of skill -, andb) your actual skills, of which each mastery has 340 slots to offer.And, yes, you get to add a second mastery to your first one at level 10. What fun! What extravagance!None of the gripes I had with the game have been adressed, apparently everything is working as intended.The game has become a lot bigger, though, and also prettier. Just not more exciting.Review:Grim Dawn offers  nothing new under the sun, but it looks like it will deliver a solid ARPG experience that will not disappoint fans of the genre.Anyone can make up their own mind about the game's visuals from the videos both here and on youtube, and the items will no doubt change until release, so I will limit my review to GD's level progression, and the feel of the combat.Every level-up you receive points that you can invest in attributes of your choice, and a number of separate points to invest in class progression. The latter will raise a class-specific set of base attributes like HP, Mana, Strength, etc., as well as allow you to invest in class-specific skills, as soon as you meet the required number of invested points.Add to this system the fact that every character can have a combination of two classes, this should allow for a great amount of diversification options, and maybe it will on a higher level, once points are abundant.At the current max level, however, spreading your skill points out over a large number of skills, rather than make your character more interesting to play, renders all your skills harmless. As in ""if you do not put all 16/16 points into your magic missiles, as well as 12/12 into all three of their modifications, they will not be worth casting!""You will be able to make nicer builds with the right gear, no doubt (think ""bonus skill points""). But what's the point of having to play a boring one-trick-pony character until you have all the right gear for the build you want to play, if getting the gear is pretty much the point of playing in the first place? This is an ARPG, after all, nobody is here for the story!As for the feel of the combat, there isn't a single ARPG out there that can touch the meaty, visceral feel of D3 at the moment, which for all its flaws - I for one haven't touched it since about mid season one because I got bored with it - is king in that category. And GD is no exception. I would compare it to Path of Exile, or - big surprise - Titan Quest.As mentioned above, due to a small number of active skills (if you want them to be powerful enough), every encounter is the same.On top of that, playing a ranged class can be alternately boring and frustrating at times, because projectiles both magic and mundane have a habit of hitting every obstacle that is about waist-high from your character's perspective - which, from your elevated position, is impossible to judge. Such obstacles are barristers and the edges of stairs of all materials, from below as well as - what a refreshing surprise -  from above, some species of plants, but by no means all of them, slight elevations in the terrain, etc. In short, it feels clunky.I will spare you the details about the melee combat and just give you the short version: Clunky and samy, and therefore very soon very drab. If you feel excited by numbers getting bigger over time, I guess it's great... but I don't.Overall, even though Grim Dawn shows a good deal of potential, despite all of my criticisms - I expect it to be a 7/10 on my scale, eventually - I cannot recommend it in its current form because I don't think we get our money's worth, yet. I'll update this review once new builds are published."
,Not Recommended,219990,21465992,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,kherby,"Do not, I repeat, DO NOT buy this game.Grim Dawn would be an amazing game if it's performance wasn't trash.I purchased this game when it was first released on steam early access. I have the same impression now as I had the very first time I played it. I have close to 100 hours into Grim Dawn so I definitely gave this game a good try. The reason I even put this many hours into it is because I thought the developers cared about their customers. I was wrong in every aspect. The developers grabbed our cash and failed to deliver a stable product.There's many things I enjoyed about Grim Dawn simply because I enjoy ARPGs in general. However, when you're getting 250+ FPS and you get into a battle with a decent amount of creatures your FPS will drop from said 250 FPS down to 35-45 FPS which is easily noticable to your eyes and ruins the entire experience. I'm not joking. I don't care how good your computer is. This game will bottleneck. I've seen it to do on an I7. I've seen it do so on an I5. I've seen it do so AMD 8350 overclocked to 5Ghz. It's trash and that's really all there is to it.Please if you think this game looks good do yourself one favor. Ask yourself a question, ""Do I love ARPGs enough to deal with poor optimization?"".Grim Dawn uses mainly 1 core. Devs claim that Grim Dawn is multi-threaded simply because they off-loaded the path finding to a different core and a few other small things that didn't make a difference to the overall bottleneck this game is. They sold us a game that's based on an engine that's older than dust. The devs cannot make this game run any better than it currently does. It's a limitation on the engine they chose to use.I could go on to review the game's story since I've beat it on every difficulty. But I won't simply because there is no reason to. The poor performance outweighs the gameplay 10 to 1. Don't waste you money on this. It's not worth it at all.[Edit]In case anyone is wondering. These FPS dips even happen on an Intel I7-Skylake 6700k OC'd to 4.5Ghz. After reading some of the comments I upgraded my machine just to be sadly disapointed that the FPS dips still happened. The engine is garbage and that's all there needs to be said."
76561198048172445,Not Recommended,219990,13063638,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,nicknelson84,"I really like the game, but I have a few complaints/suggestions.  My first complaint is why is there a level cap?  There doesn't need to be one.  If you reach the level cap before you are finished with Act 2 then you waste all that potential experience.  In my opinion, that was an extremely bad move by the developers.My second complaint is how the ranged works.  When melee attacks and is behind some sort of obstacle the AI will automatically move the character to a better position.  With ranged however it does not.  You will sit there and just blow your energy shooting at a tree or random piece of wood.I think the game has a lot of potential, but the level cap has discouraged me from promoting this game until everything for it has been released."
76561198006653128,Not Recommended,219990,15647933,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ssfsx17,"The networking code does not go through NAT - so if you don't have control over your own router, and/or have a terrible ISP, then you cannot do multiplayer.Otherwise, it's most similar in atmosphere to Diablo 1."
76561197970435040,Not Recommended,219990,10946607,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,kmansp,"Grim Dawn is a very standard Action RPG.  Keeping in mind that this is still in beta testing, the graphics are still a mixed bag; A lot of areas seemed very grainy.  I bumped AA up to max settings, and this helped somewhat, but of course dropped framerate significantly.  The lighting effects of spells looked awesome, however.  Fire and lightning is pretty exciting to see.  Beyond that, however, graphics seem pretty bland.The gameplay is what I have issue with mostly, however.  This is a straight up hack n slash, like a million others like it.  You go up to a target and click until dead.  But isn't that what ARPG's are all about, you might ask?  Sure... but today's Arpg's have a little more to it; like dodging attacks, moving around, trying different attacks to take down your enemy when needed.  This does what some older RPG's do that really bugged the hell out of me; fighting bosses just involve hitting one mouse button over and over until it's dead.  There's nothing else going on, as you watch the health bar go slowly down.  It's very boring.  Haven't we progressed beyond this kind of fight?  The gameplay also feels very sluggish.... not responsive.Exploring caves and finding loot is still fun.  I loved going in and finding a chest, having items explode out.  The loot find is awesome.  I also like finding items to enhance your weapons and armor, with an added kick; you can either upgrade a weapon or armor immediately, or find more like them to combine and make an item even stronger.I do see potential here... it just lacks polish and feels too Indie.  There's nothing here we haven't seen a hundred times before.  The similarities between this and Titans quest are obvious... and I felt that had the same problem too.  You are using just a couple of skills over and over again, and they are just so bland.  I would rather play Diablo 3 for the hundredth time for now.  Hopefully the developers can give this the polish it needs to make it a greater game."
76561198103829464,Not Recommended,219990,10106470,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,BgDgSr75,All the hype all the promotions and all this game is a crappy version of titans quest very very disappointed what a waste of time and money.  D3 is better and will remain # 1   for me this game sucks
76561198007209535,Not Recommended,219990,13752995,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Darth Chocula,A middle of the road time waster without any of the perks Titan Quest had.Grim palette choiceLittle to no epic moments
,Not Recommended,219990,13627943,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Souper,Grib dawb is a gaem wer
,Not Recommended,219990,16326840,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kelescu,This new game is 10 years out of date with poor graphics and outdated/limited skill system and questing.  Story so far has been very generic.I know its in pre release but it's issues arent due to glitches or being incomplete but fundermental design flaws.
76561197993274671,Not Recommended,219990,21472558,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,jonah.hobbes,I can see the comparisons with Diablo 2 as Grim Dawn looks like it was released  in 2000. The game freezes every couple of minutes and I want a refund.
76561198030751592,Not Recommended,219990,21467109,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,brmorgen82,"Well, the game worked in early access, now on release day it crashes on startup.  Congrats idiots."
,Not Recommended,219990,30605774,Posted: 18 March,all,twitch.tv/LANiD,Pros:Blizz should take a hint from their non procedural level design.Pretty.The lore and world is interesting & fun.Cons:It's just another diablo clone.You'll be running around searching for stupid little items for people as usual.I spent more than 20 minutes looking for ♥♥♥♥ing scraps for some dude exactly where he told me.  Only found one.  I'm done with this game for now. zzzz
76561198081367411,Not Recommended,219990,10956951,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Capt. Obvious,"Most of it is pretty nice, but the way it controls will turn a lot of players away."
76561198113406663,Not Recommended,219990,21507874,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Baal,Path of Exile is free and is pretty much the same game.
76561198028418881,Not Recommended,219990,18793677,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,thugernot,Was pretty fun but now it will not start at all just says prepairing to launch then just closes
,Not Recommended,219990,18005640,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Deshi,"Bought for co-op, co-op doesn't work, rest in absolute pepperonis."
,Not Recommended,219990,20459122,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,MightyHonk,"I have played original Titan Quest and expansion on all difficulties both online and offline countless times and had great fun with it. I basically bought several retail versions, collector's edition and steam version later because i kept losing the boxes and loved the game. In my opinion, it is still a great game with deep character leveling, great level design and stunning bright graphics, with only minus being high level of repitition later in the game (which is bane of the genre) and the fact that if you build your character right and have half decent equipment - you gonna just one shot Hydra on last difficulty and never ever die.So as big Titan Quest fan and grindrpg connoisseur i preordered this game for me and a friend  to play multiplayer (with a lot of my other friends preordering), because it promised to be same but better, and waited for content release patiently.However, after playing for several hours i deleted it and went to buy Diablo 3 and expansion that i ignored since the release, because i was bored out of my♥♥♥♥♥♥Yes, it IS same as Titan Quest: multiplayer lags like you are playing on dial-up while simultaneously downloading all existing porn in the world once third player joins in, tons of reused character and monster animations (we licensed the engine guys, it's not lazy xD), and no flaws of Titan Quest are fixed.Titan Quest had no random generated locations, but at least they were stunningly beautiful. Here we have mix of green and brown putrid puke everywhere, which in mind of visual designer of the game probably equals to good old GRIMDARK™ of Diablo (hint: it doesn't work like this). Path of Exile looks pretty dark without looking like this, but it's better game altogether that doesn't feel like a game from 2007.Leveling system is same as in Titan Quest except for some devotion passive bonuses or whatever the hell that is, except avaliable classes (less of them in this case) are way less fun (even if everyone and their mother only leveled haruspex, corsair or conq for last difficulty in TQ anyway) and leveling them is just mundane. Also remember this problem TQ had about half of the skills scaling terribly into late game? Oh boy, i wonder if they fixed this. So you either brawl and drink flasks like some generic meele bloke, or kite like generic ranged bloke, except heroes and bosses will return to their location if you kite them too much, and you'll have to walk back like a looser.Yes, it probably has some kind of story and lots of loot. Remember when you just equipped everything for better DPS and resists in TQ disregarding all other ""kul""effects that a lot of generated items had, turning 90% of avaliable loot pool into absolute junk? Oh boy, i wonder if they changed that somehow.Oh, by the way, if you have absolutely stellar optic fiber connections with port forwarded router - you will not have lags like me and other unlucky blokes who don't live somewhere where it's cheap to get optical fiber to your house. However, it's motherflipping 2016 and i can play diablo 3 and PoE multiplayer without any bloody problems at all.So in the end by buying this game i not only got dissapointed myself, but also dissapointed those i gift it to, and those who wanted to play with me, stuck in boring singleplayer and almost poked my eyes out from visuals.It's really hard for me to recommend this game at this point,  go play Path Of Exile or something. Or forget about games and spend more time with your parents that you neglect every day, girlfriend that you don't pay much attention to nowadays, find one if you don't have, get some skill-involved content creating hobby that you can turn into enjoyable and stable income source and lead content and happy life. Much better life than you would have if you played this. Or don't listen to me and buy it, because it has ""very positive"" review state on Steam, just like ♥♥♥♥♥ing game about bloody pewdiepie."
76561197960625714,Not Recommended,219990,13247307,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Script[P]ro,"I played hardcore mode on several aRPGs such as Diablo 1,2,3, Torchlight 1,2, etc. I saw the positive reviews on Grim Dawn and decided to give it a shot with my friends on its hardcore mode.**I know my review is in pre-release, but unless they majorly overhaul the game MECHANICS it will remain unchanged at release**THE GOODDuring my first play through the content (currently ends in Smuggler's Pass), Grim Dawn had me hooked. The game is fun, the world is open, and exploration is rewarded. There are many quests that are going on at once and many main and side dungeons to clear along your journey. The enemies are challenging and the bosses are a good rush to fight. The loot is fair in that you get good drops, but it is neither too easy, nor too hard to get decent items. There is a lot of variability in character builds, thanks to the ability to combine 2 classes if you desire. This is a great feature to break from the usual 4 to 5 classes in aRPGs, and allow you to play your character a little different each time they die or you play through.THE BADTHE MAP IS NOT RANDOMIZED AND IS REVEALED ON SUBSEQUENT VISITS TO AN AREA. So once you play through once, and come back to a dungeon to farm or for a challenge (the monster levels scale to you), you will notice the map is revealed, making it just a quick walk through the dungeon to the end if you so desire (and why not if you are max level and dont need the xp?). If you've played the diablo series, then you know the random maps are crucial to keeping the game fresh, even if it isnt a big change, it still keeps you on your toes and guessing. With Grim Dawn, there is no guessing, it doesn't feel new, and so grinding the Warden's Lab, Smuggler's Den, or Steps of Torment isn't fun, its just a chore and I have the path memorized. The devs went for a ""lazy randomization"" technique where the map is the same but different paths may be blocked off by rocks so it isn't always 100% the same. However IMO they need to 1) add more rocks and 2) DON'T REVEAL THE MAP OR THE ROCKS DON'T MATTER ANYWAY.THE UGLYSo this is the part where I quit the game. This game is so hackable that it isn't fun. The character files are all client-side, when they should be stored elsewhere. This makes literally everything hackable. Don't have an item? You can probably hack it. Did your hardcore character die? Well just make him back alive again! Does your friend want a copy of your epic item? Just dupe it. Tired of grinding for rare crafting components? Just dupe them. Ok you get the point, the game is no fun after the first playthrough and after you realize that its a joke. It doesn't mean anything if you're level 35 on hardcore veteran because that status is easily hackable. That rush you get when your hardcore character almost dies, but you fight your way through, GONE because you can just restore him if you wanted to. People will join your game and offer you dupes and it really ruins the challenge. The other downside is the development timeframe. This game would have been great maybe if it was completed by now or earlier, but now its maybe halfway done, full of hacks, and they are showing no signs of fixing the hacking or map randomization.CONCLUSIONBuy this game if you are a fan of aRPGs, but won't be playing hardcore mode and don't mind that it doesn't have a lot of replay value. DO NOT buy this game if you are a hardcore fan, looking for a serious challenge.*some people comment that you can still have the challenge if you don't hack. Well sort of, but it still doesn't make the map not-revealed, and it just makes your accomplishments worthless because some nerd who edits his character file can make a far more powerful character with zero effort, so the feeling of accomplishment is completely gone."
,Not Recommended,219990,21490329,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ProgRockIcon,Good if:a) You're 13 and weren't alive when Diablo 1 came outb) You're 45 and want to relive when Diablo 1 came outThere are better ARPGs. Try Victor Vran for something that actually evolves the genre while keeping the classic core in place.
76561198082116411,Not Recommended,219990,9416311,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Austin_Exe,ok so im just going to start by saying that im aware this was made by like 6 guys . i just think there are better games out there of the same genre that are better and maby less expesive ( youd think if it was made by 6 guys it whould be super cheap ).pros- class system- multiplayer???- non story quests ( dont quote me here )- its still in alfa and will probably add new stuff at some point-  if you ever played diablo 1 this will be a nostalgia tripcons-  linear traits and abilitys ( you basically have to take every ability and passive since theres only about 6 per class )-  small map-  identical items show up everywere ( i had like 3 of the same enchanted poision maces 5 minutes into the game )-  blande enemys that are boreing to fight in repetitive combat ( has the sacred 2 problem )-   very very very linear map compared to anyother game in its genre-  opponents level with you ( i hate this in games becuse it makes u feel like your not getting anywere but thats my opinion)-   all the armour looks bad ( i want my char to look cool!!! )other than that id like to say that this game is like a small fan made remake of sacred 2 or diablo 1 ( havent played titan quest so dont rage ) . also i cant really blam the game being like this since its just in alfa and being made by 6 guys so..........
,Not Recommended,219990,16900335,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,RAKUS,refunded. game is as bad as titan quest.
76561198027015561,Not Recommended,219990,13037671,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Methica,"1st of all .. I was playing Diablo (D3) for thousands of hours.. so this is the standard to compare with in my opinion. Other players may have other needs and so this review is just my personal thinking. (sry 4 my bad english in advance)General:The game realy seems to be a better next titan quest (TQ).. with the same positive things as titan quest came with and similar negative ones.Graphics:Nice landscape, positive point as also in TQ. The weather efects are nice, light and all fits good together. But no real new thing since TQ it seems.Quests: The quests are not realy good in my opinion. Theres no helping system (or i didnt find it) to lead you your way to the quest points. I was often running around an searching the places, couldnt realy find them good especially in the second act where, of curse nicely to view, the paths wind one above the other over big regions and.. where to go when the quest says west but the windings do not cover a path west..? Anyway. One often has to look in the text quest book  to remind where to go. I didnt like that. That always interupted the game flow.Items:Nice idea of farming and combining items. Some realy can push your character. I liked that. But here also.. big big amount of ad on / materials items, more than half of the inventory always filled with that stuff. I think some less items with more specific parameters could have worked better. I loose overview over so much items. I forget where they drop, and  so had no good hope to farm special drops.Fights:Now lets come to the point where i deinstalled TitanQuest and.. oh must say that Grim Dawn is just slightly better. (Anyway Path of Exile is similar bad) There seems to not exist a fluent fight. My Demolitioner always seemed to stop, act, run, stop, act, run.. and always with the same boring movements. Wah.. similar boring♥♥♥♥♥♥than TQ or PoE. Pls realy realy work on this to improve the ingame feeling.Skills System:Realy seems similar to TQ. Many people disliked D3 skills System when it came out, but its fun. In GD/TQ you have to spend fixed points, you have to pay a lot for changes in your skills. The skills tree is quite straight and parallel. So invest in one skill and you gain power. But there seemed to be no good combination of low skills. The skills dont seem to push each other, they just work alone somehow. Thats boring. And you can not experiment much due to the payment when you want skill points back.Summary:Well the environment and the atmosphere are realy nice as in TQ before, but the stupid boring fighting system together with the too straight skills and the confusing quest ways and confusing item amount make the game less funny, less“adictive”. I thank the developers for a quite ok game and hope they change a lot in fighting sys with the next game. GD seems boring campared to D3, but quite similar to PoE.Thats just my opinion.. play it and form your opinion :)"
76561198047142541,Not Recommended,219990,17509165,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,coolben83,keeps crashing here (windows XP 32bit).
76561198144947646,Not Recommended,219990,18348295,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Duaneland,Cannot move mouse in beginning screen. Would like a refund.
,Not Recommended,219990,18944204,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Seppo,On paper it look like a good game.All it gave me is headache and a need to hit something.Intended for people who like to play thing where they dont have a clue what the hell they are doing.
76561198047691881,Not Recommended,219990,13433222,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,fizzbass,"Absulutly dated! .woulda been cool when d2 came out..cant believe i wasted my time following and buying it, i even tried to max out video settings..still looked fricken closer to minecraft then any new game out..deleting from comp..i gave it one hour of playtime.. my favorite style of game.. back to path of exile..they deserve my biz"
76561198013588050,Not Recommended,219990,13779252,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,asinop,"(based on b23) In its current state, I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone. The game can't hold a candle to any modern ARPG. The graphics are terrible, most of the character models are really ugly. They can't even compare to Titan Quest; let alone any modern ARPG. Also the enemies have very few varieties among themselves, the game keeps recycling monsters again and again. The game fails to redeem itself in any other aspect. The combat is dull and boring, and consists of spamming hotkeys. There are issues with clipping and hit detection.  I wouldn't call the controls responsive either; in the presence of many enemies, the game will occasionally execute some arbitrary action.TL;DR: Wait till the game is officially released and final reviews are out. Until then, play something else."
76561198019425952,Not Recommended,219990,14822349,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Shunneth,"Even for early access this game is fatally flawed. For me (and seemingly many others) it is completely unplayable. It lags so hard even the simplest of actions has a good 1-2 second delay, and whilst moving I get around 10 frames a second with spikes of even worse frame rates. What's worse is all of this happens with ALL settings on low and ALL other options turned off and with the game windowed. On top of that, its makes my entire system run like malasis. If I tab out to do something else, even if that something is to close other open programs to try and improve performance, the whole action takes a good 5 minutes. I hope this game gets optimized when it's finished because the game looks really decent, and if all the above issues do get fixed I will remove this review. However, as of right now, I want people to know the issues that can come with this game before they buy it."
,Not Recommended,219990,13668947,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,gamehits,"2nd UPDATE: the DEVS weren't happy about a negative review. Welp, sorry...but here I am playing the game for real...and I would consider giving them a thumbs up IF the controller support wasn't BROKEN. If you're interested in playing this game with a controller, you'll be SORELY disappointed.UPDATE: i gave it a while and after some updates (controller support added), i decided to give it another try.man, i STILL can't recommend this game...but for totally different reasons. among the top of them is the controller support implementation. it's goofy...why be so different and totally disregard the controller conventions already established by similar games?? it's just goofy. sorry...still a definite NO.really wanted to like it. but compared to diablo, the gear sucks, the controll isn't there, the story is dumb...i'll give it another try but for me it was a no."
76561197973548015,Not Recommended,219990,18211045,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Black^8Water,"Very boring and basic.  Quests are annoying to find.  No where near what Diablo 2 was like everyone seems to claim.  Also, the online play is terrible.  Only 4 people per game and the matchmaking sucks!"
76561198002852777,Not Recommended,219990,19412850,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Always have buyback money,Amazing cloud save... 4th character i've started. You can get to about level 12 before you lose everything
76561198008595445,Not Recommended,219990,21516963,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Stoke,total rip off. crash after crash after crash before you can even get to the first objective. save your money.
76561198061202813,Not Recommended,219990,18989291,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Demonide the Boris,"Better than Diablo MY FOOT.I sincerely believe that reviews that lead me to believe that this game was any good compared to the genre it was in, made me waste money buying this horse crap.Stay away"
,Not Recommended,219990,11478521,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,PLUMBER_MAINE,Can not get game to play! Can not contact steam for refund! Lost $25.00!!
,Not Recommended,219990,10814372,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,h&c,"Not much to say other than not to waste your time unless you like horrible lag. Worst optimization i've seen in a long time considering how mediocre the graphics are. ""Alpha"" is no excuse when people can't even play your game about 20fps with a nice system."
76561197998565753,Not Recommended,219990,10090289,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,nom NOM nom,JUST WOKE UP AND ON MY COMPUTER THERE WAS A WARNING FROM MY ANITVIRUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!PROGRAM     GRIM DAWN. EXE ( TROJAN) MAKE SURE YOUR CAREFUL LOOKS LIKE THE CAMES DOWNLOAD CAME WITH A TROJAN
,Not Recommended,219990,30580389,Posted: 17 March,all,True Reclaimer,"Easily the worst ""Action"" RPG Ive ever played... theres NO action at all.Pure point and click at its finest.Attempted to use a controller, half the buttons did nothing and there was no way to interact without using a mouse.Graphics are decent, music seems good, and there seems to be a lot of RPG depth.But when combat is a snoozefest, gameplay is a one-handed click marathon, and the game itself lacks any life... why bother wasting any time?Victor Vran is a vastly superior ARPG than this hot terd.3/10 refund my money"
76561198022906756,Not Recommended,219990,7629605,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Glueman,"watered down diablo 2, fix drop rates plis"
76561198095653687,Not Recommended,219990,21437902,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Forest Bandit #12796,"[Edit - regarding voice acting. Added a couple paragraphs regarding Outcast faction. Added spoiler warning. Extra griping, as if there wasn't already enough.]This review contains spoilers regarding the story and factions of Grim DawnPlease keep in mind that I really did enjoy this game a lot. I honestly enjoyed it a lot more than any of the Diablo series, Path of Exile, or Torchlight II. As such, it pains me to give it a negative review, but certain changes/additions made in the last few builds have really soured the game for me.The biggest problem I have is with the 'ending'.Basically, during the final boss, an NPC who is assisting you gets sucked into a portal to an otherworldly realm. Afterwards, another NPC states his intention to find and rescue him, but then the game ends. It is abundantly clear that this rescue will be the subject of an expansion. Without this expansion, the game feels unfinished. The game has two major antagonist factions, Cthonians and Aetherials, who are fighting each other for control of the game's world, with humans caught in the middle. The game ends with you dealing a big blow to the Cthonians and the cult that worships them, but the situation with the Aetherials is left completely unresolved. The story is left unfinished and unsatisfying without an expansion to properly conclude it. Naturally, I take issue with a game that requires people to purchase DLC/expansions to see a proper conclusion.One thing I forgot to mention when this review was written was my disappointment with the Outcast faction questline. Most of the factions have a decent conclusion to them. Good examples include Homestead and Devil's Crossing, whose storylines end with the player arranging a trade agreement between them. This felt like a satisfying conclusion. Likewise with the Rover's questline, which ends with the player meeting and conversing with the Rover's patron god.Unfortunately, the Outcast questline amounts to a few fetch quests, with no payoff in terms of story, lore, or interesting encounters. It feels like such a missed opportunity for one of the game's most interesting characters.I also have a few, smaller issues.On the world map, there is a detailed area on the eastern shore of the lake. The level of detail indicated an area that could be explored. I was excited when I first saw this area because it looked like it could be travelled to in a future build. But then the game reached it's 'content complete' build, and this area was not available, so I became disappointed, as it was now clear that it would be an expansion/DLC area.Speaking of the world map, it was changed in a recent build from a clean, easily legible and thematically appropriate map, to a garishly coloured and very blurry one. This may not matter to some, but as a cartophile it bothers me greatly. I just cannot fathom why the devs turned this map into such a garish eyesore.The most recent build added a significant amount of voice acting to major NPCs. Previously, the only voice acting was for service NPCs, and enemies. I always felt the game didn't need more voice acting, and now I feel that those feelings were justified. It feels really inconsistent having only some of the dialogue voiced. Many characters are still silent and the voiced characters have some dialogue that isn't voiced. I believe that there should have been complete voice acting, or no voice acting past what there already was.On the subject of voice acting, I also found that most of the recently added voices are just dreadful (there are a few exceptions). Most of the characters speak so monotonously,and with so little emotion, it almost sounds like one of those text to voice programs.The layout of Act 2 underwent significant changes in the most recent build. Previosly Act 2 was the most open ended act in the game, but now it is significantly more linear due to how gated it has become. You now have to go through Cronley's hideout to get to Twin Falls, and you have to go through Arkovian Undercity Floor 1 to get to Broken Hills. I just can't understand why these changes were made.I have one last complaint, and it regards the nemesis bosses. These are high difficulty (not really) bosses that start spawning when your infamy with the related faction hits maximum. These bosses are reskinned versions of other enemies with a selection of spells and abilities that you'll have already seen on a dozen other enemies. Only the Aetherial one has a unique ability - to teleport you and him around. I was hoping that these bosses would be a bit more unique like the higher difficulty bosses on Titan Quest (Talos, Manticore, Dragon Lich, Hydra) so I was disappointed with them, especially since the developers seem to believe these nemesis bosses to be the equivalent of those Titan Quest bosses.I would like to reiterate how much I have enjoyed Grim Dawn during early access. I believe it to be one of the best of it's genre (I enjoy Titan Quest more) and I am saddened that I have become so bitter about it."
,Not Recommended,219990,21361369,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,kurpod,Buggy.  Will not run on Surface note
76561197976730355,Not Recommended,219990,16877139,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,matbakerz,"click, click, click. click go here, fetch this, fetch that.   Kill x of those.  Oh thats right btw everything you spent the last 3 hours killing will respawn once you leave the game.. So you have to kill them over and over again or just run away if what you need is in an area of the map you have already conquered..."
,Not Recommended,219990,14555322,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Vitamin B,"Not a bad game, very short at the moment for sure!Also they are really bad with keeping up on future updates, etc..6/10"
76561198042044380,Not Recommended,219990,34888923,Posted: 11 September,all,Firechicken911,Just play path of exile
,Not Recommended,219990,31384577,Posted: 26 April,all,SquirrelCatMeow(BARKMEOW),"If Torchlight was less fun, it would be Diablo.If Diablo was less fun it would be this game."
76561197982030474,Not Recommended,219990,12803410,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TreSisOn,No group loot!! WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥!!!!
73951034537694369,Not Recommended,219990,20608157,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Prey,"I not recomended this game.- No introBeggining of GD is worst. You just start. Some guy tell you you almost dead, next you can speak to other guy, or not, and you can go kill mobs. Sorry, but does not encourage to play.- 30-40 hours from end this is a really bad result- World is small. To small even like on H&S.- No secrets in game.There is some breakable walls, but is not enough. Game dont have a secres areas without any clue from NPC, not related with any quest.- Not enough skills.Any class have only a few active skills. Rest is passive. Between 1-20 (sometimes 1-30) levels you are jut bored as hell, becasue you have nothing to do except click LBM. This is depend from class, but still, dev's copy-paste skill system from Titan Quest. They don't make anything new.- Skills don't have varietyAll classes specialize in type of dmg and you can't change it. Arcanist have Cold and Lightning + some fire. Demolitionist have fire + some lightning. But what if you want play Arcanist who use fire? Not in this game. Sorry. devs are too limited for make something like skills variety.This game It gives the impression of universal, but is not. There is only 6 class. You can combined twofrom them, but prcticly, you don't have enough points for that, so for effeciency using two class, you need a very high level.This game is small, thight and boring.  Most important elements (skills and classes) are bad designed.This game can be good on one time. play, end it and forget.- Bosses are too OPThere is no strategy. Most of bosses are too fast. They just run around, spam abilities and spawn mobs as hell. Besidesin many location arena for boss fight are too small, so if you can't tank boss attacks, you are dead. Thre is only a few boss fights, where you have some space to movement and hit&run.- Skills are not optimizedSoldier have skills for using shield. Nightblade is only class who have skill for dual wielding melee. But any class can use shield without special skill, but for use dual melee you need choice Nightblade class. Cheap trick.Besides any class don't have skill for dual wielding pistol. You can use this ability only, if you find a item with give you this skill.Grim Dawn have a nice potential, becasue world is really grim, story is nice, but rest... No, just no. Developers just waste this potential and this make me sad.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------There is something more. eveleopers are kids who can't tolerate critique and instant ban you, if you dare tell there is a game better than GD. They behav like stupid kids.He have a forum dog - Rhis, who close any uncommfortable thread about this game and ban anyone without reason, if he critique game."
,Not Recommended,219990,21517806,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Austin39,NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  I CAN NOT CUSTOMIZE MY CHARACTER
76561198063898405,Not Recommended,219990,30603427,Posted: 18 March,all,7h30r1g1n4183457,I enjoy putting all my graphics settings to 'Low' or 'None' and still lagging. Really adds to the gameplay tbh.
76561198030728896,Not Recommended,219990,13370863,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Paladin/Monk/Mage,"It is TERRIBLE. I purchased it and immediately requested a refund. The running animation is terrible, the graphics are so much less than Titan Quest. Booo. So disappoionting. And getting lame old timey clothes and rusty armor and weapons is horrible.THIS GAME SUCKS!!!Too much witchy, abe lincoln-ish old timey witcher colonial times wannabe type world. LAME. SO LAME! don't waste your money. It is like a cheap version of van helsing only lamer.Sigh, was hoping for Titan Quest 2 but instead got a beer swilling colonial re-enactment obsessed devs lame witcher/zombie/rusty/dirty clothing world. BOOO!Titan Quest was 10 times more awesome than this POS. This is amateur crap at its worst.Buy Titan Quest and TQ Immortal Throne if you haven't played them because they are FAR FAR better than this swill!"
76561198156689775,Not Recommended,219990,12450435,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,deadcolld,lag feast in off line... didn't want to try on line. nothing like deablo 2... deablo is smooth. i am not on a slow computer so lag for a game like this wow i love deablo and the fast it can run on almot any thing and be smooth but don\t get me wroge i have push deablo to the breacking limet with minon in the past.i want to play this game but the lag
76561198037580833,Not Recommended,219990,19925209,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,pupjada,"---SCROLL TO END FOR SHORT SUMMARY---Alright I had originally reviewed this game, but now I am going to do it again because of some convictions I had. (Yes you heard me convictions... Hear me out)DISCLAIMER-This is my opinion. I am stating it for the readers benifit.I know there are several people out there like me who have certain morals when it comes to video games. So please understand I also get it that there are other people who could care less.So yes, I understand everyone's morals vary, but I am going to share mine here so that people can see if this game fits into their morals before buying it and perhaps finding out they will never play it.So first up. This game is DARK. Hence why it is called GRIM DAWN.It is dark in several different ways.I will share those ways below while hitting on the points where the game just went to far ""for me"".-------PLEASE NOTE------ I do say a few things you will encounter in this game. So small spoiler alert.1.DARK SCENARYThe whole beggining of the game is nothing but dark screenplay.If you are a person who likes green grass and flowers with cheery colors you will not find it here.There are some different biomes, such as snow, dessert, and a few mossy caves though.However most of the game will be the same dreary, foggy, and battlescared landscape all         throughout.2.DARK PROPSNext, the props. This is where my convictions start kicking in.While roaming around grim dawn's dark world you will see mutilated bodies, skulls, skeletons, dead babies lying around in the streets (these are somewhat hidden but they are there), torture chambers, tortured victims, and tons and tons of fleshed dead bodies with various parts of them chopped off and thrown around in a bloody mess.For me the baby thing really started getting to me.I know some would say ""well that's why it is an M rated game."" to them I say you are correct, but me saying this may help someone make their decision with a little more knowledge.I understand games like this are violent, but I think that the reader can agree that some M rated games do not actually have that much blood/guts to them.3. WITCHCRAFT, DEMONS, SATANIC SYMBOLS, SATANIC REFERENCES, OCCULTIC RITUALS......... I REALLY COULD GO ON.Seriously though if you are the kind of person who does not care for this stuff. Take my word for it. STAY AWAY.This is the reason I don't think I will touch this game anymore. It is just to much of it for me.I have played games with magic in it where you could tell the dark magic from the light.This game is to blurred for me. Good and Evil seem so be blended in a very odd way...Right from the get go one finds out they were possessed by a demon like influence. Only to be saved by occultic magic.The enemys will cast spells on the character leaving the pentagram symbol surronding them, but then the player can cast the pentagram symbol on their enemies too... So?One will run into a man with hits inner guts spilled out in a sacrifice to a demon. The player's character's storyline will lead them to fight against the ones who did it, yet the player's character can choose to be an occultist for their class which draws their power from a witch... And not a nice on from it's description.One will find countless demons taking the form of a human, or possesing them completly, but then many of the character class selection's skills have to do with being possessed or filled with some demon/god.The story line is littered with witchcraft, demons, and satanic symbols.Although Satan to my knowledge is not named in the game (other then the main town being called Devil's crossing). It does not really matter. It more then makes up for the lack of his name being mentioned.4. CHARACTER CLASSESCharacter classes almost all have their own diety that they are connected to.One class choice has a witch for a diety and it is heavily hinted that you serve him, and draw power from him if you play as the class. The classes name is Occultist.5. ENEMIESThey are almost all demonic or possesed in some way. They will cast spells and curses on the player. The player will fight the undead a lot. Undead everything.6. LOOT/ARMOUR/WEAPONSThis is probably one of the main reasons people like games like this. And this game has tons and tons of loot.However my problem with it was with the names of the higher lvl loot.I forget the exact name, but i remember getting a chestpiece that was called something like chestpiece of perdition.So much of the armour is named after some pretty dark things as well.7. STORYLINE*Warning* SPOILER ALERT ABOUT ENDGAMEAs i kinda hinted it is a dark storyline. I beat the game. I won't say to much about the ending, but I will say the getting there just felt odd.The game gives you moral choices along the way such as choosing whether or not to kill a man or save him, but in the end of the game you end up saving the world...It just goes back to good and evil being blended together in a wierd way again.Overall I did love the gameplay mechanic, but I hated the clothes put on it.-----SHORT SUMMARY-----1. DARK GAMEPLAY-Very dark setting-Not for people who like colorful gameplay-Lot's of gray tones, fog etc2.DISTURBING GAMEPLAY-Will see lots of mutilated things which includes babies-Will see fleshed bloody bodies mangled, cut up, and thrown around-Torture and human sacrifice are very clearly seen3.SATANIC/DEMONIC/OCCULTIC-Almost all character classes serve a diety-Almost every enemy in the game is possesed by a demon-Good and Evil is very blurred and blended in a weird way-Many many many satanic symbols are incorperated into the game-Dark and Light magic are not defined at allSo to close, I would not recomend this to someone with morals that are in opposition to the things listed above.I played this game and loved the game mechanics, but I could not continue playing because of all the darkness in the game. Yes it is M rated, but as I stated above some M rated games are far worse then others. This is for sure a worse one."
76561198000959677,Not Recommended,219990,32821867,Posted: 26 June,all,Rick Ross,this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks lol.why would you play this♥♥♥♥♥♥when Path of Exile is 100x better.this game looks like it came out 10 years ago on console.
,Not Recommended,219990,8956855,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Ace (Bye),I would wait to see how it changes when it is out of beta alpha all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ So far bad game easy to hack and no voice acting.
,Not Recommended,219990,30564231,Posted: 16 March,all,Frank,"nice game but suck engine.dont buy this game until they change engine.Suggest => unreal engine pleasejust wait for it, do not buy this game on this engine."
76561197968614151,Not Recommended,219990,30597664,Posted: 18 March,all,JackSlater,"Just out of the fact, that I had to buy a new PC after this game crashed:Not so much!"
,Not Recommended,219990,7779374,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Jake Gamerson,"This is Titan Quest with a thematic overhaul. Same stupid skills system, same boring combat. Stay away as far as possible if you have any respect for the genre.If you loved Titan Quest this is the game for you."
,Recommended,219990,19495938,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Beam,The best Hack&Slash and RPG mix ever. Highly recommend..
,Recommended,219990,30398718,Posted: 8 March,all,Rick,I prefer this to poe
,Recommended,219990,21441287,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Onim,Thanks Crate for making a great RPG game. I'm gonna miss Early Access.10/10
76561198040838733,Recommended,219990,21452295,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,don,v good gasme thx
,Recommended,219990,21452745,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Snaily,"YES SO MUCH YES, If you love killing ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amalgamations and stupid slytherin snakes, this game is amazing. Just get it before people get ahead of you, you competitive ♥♥♥♥♥. buy the gaem."
76561198093930115,Recommended,219990,21452763,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,wiltatu,"Pra quem gosta desse tipo de plataforma é um baita de um jogo, muito bom!! Estou com mais de 60 horas de jogo, e tem muita coisa ainda pra desvendar. Estou surpreso, pois com apenas 3,75 Gb de espaço em disco, tem muito game ainda. Recomendo."
,Recommended,219990,21452894,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Chills05,"As Grim as a Dawn can be. A very fine arpg from the makers of TitanQuest with the same flexibility in skilltrees and class building, providing an immense replayability value and fun journey with increasingly badass and beautiful skills at your eventual disposal.Seeing bodies of your enemies fly around after some massive swing or exploding spell is quite satisfying."
,Recommended,219990,21455483,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,smetch,"Awesome ARPG, well worth the money."
76561198070126792,Recommended,219990,18829955,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,johndoe1927,"Buy this game:Turning and turning in the widening gyreThe falcon cannot hear the falconer;Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhereThe ceremony of innocence is drowned;The best lack all conviction, while the worstAre full of passionate intensity.Surely some revelation is at hand;Surely the Second Coming is at hand.The Second Coming! Hardly are those words outWhen a vast image out of Spiritus MundiTroubles my sight: a waste of desert sand;A shape with lion body and the head of a man,A gaze blank and pitiless as the sun,Is moving its slow thighs, while all about itWind shadows of the indignant desert birds.The darkness drops again but now I knowThat twenty centuries of stony sleepWere vexed to nightmare by a rocking cradle,And what rough beast, its hour come round at last,Slouches towards Bethlehem to be born?Grim Dawn."
76561197997172953,Recommended,219990,21483784,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MrSkeezyMak,"Excellent single player ARPG, reminds me of Diablo 2."
,Recommended,219990,21483787,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Dynamis,Early access done right.
,Recommended,219990,21483795,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Bandit,The spiritual successor to Titan quest in every way. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,219990,21484121,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Zooninator,As a diablo clone its great.
76561197972266504,Recommended,219990,21492029,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,watchdog_2003,"Utterly fantastic. It's got that dark Diablo 1 feel with the complexity of Diablo 3 loot. The maps are well done, as were the maps in Titan Quest; one of my all-time favorite games and the reason I followed the development of this one. They took the best of the genre and made a complex, fast-paced game. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,219990,21492323,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,BucketOfNuggets,It goes alright
76561198034207426,Recommended,219990,21492468,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,DASpook,love the game! just wish there was class specific items!
76561198017063732,Recommended,219990,21493281,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,bluechokobo,great game to pretend you are talking to customers that have been giving you a hard time
,Recommended,219990,21486974,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Johnny,"Lost all track of time while playing this game, Hell! I dont even know where my girlfiend went. I had to pick up my phone to call her and ask where she went.....Turns out i dont even have a girlfriend.Other toughtsAwsome game! Its actually the best Hack n Slash game i've played reminds me of dungeon siege II 10/10If you are running 21:9 monitor with a resolution  3440x1440 and having trouble starting the game go in to the config folder in C:\Users\John\Documents\My Games\Grim Dawn\Settings and change the resolution in the config file."
,Recommended,219990,21487367,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Falcon,Fantastic Game
,Recommended,219990,21490842,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Hemdall CoFH,"So happy to see this finally released. Been with it for over a year now and it impressed then, and has only gotten better. If you like hack n slash, you will love this."
76561197974214662,Recommended,219990,21490945,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Trainwreck,Game has a lot more depth than many other ARPGs.  Very fun game play and many options in character skills.  Could be better if player could tailor their characters looks and if armor and equipment had more variations in how they looked.  Overall a very good game that I recommend.
,Recommended,219990,21489256,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Nameless Ghoul,"Great game, looking forward to trying it out now that it's left the beta stages :)"
76561198024930612,Recommended,219990,21489481,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,violentstreak,"If you don't like the diablo series or torchlight, then you won't like this game.If you do like either of those games in ANY capacity, buy this game; Its pretty darn cool."
,Recommended,219990,21489563,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ryoma,"For those old-school ARPG fans and also TQ fans, this is a highly recommended game with endless customisation of classes!!!"
,Recommended,219990,21471074,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Agni7atha,"I'm not even a devoted fan of ARPG and never played Diablo II, but this game sunk me in deeper than Torchlight II. Building one character to another character is so exciting with almost limitless possibility. Combat is also responsive and have decent challenge."
76561197984636266,Recommended,219990,21449329,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,QuartsBanger,"Steam sales troll every purchase i've ever ♥♥♥♥ing made. fortunately, its only 10% this time. But even then, Grim dawn is worth the asking price! Diablo 3 was a kiddy game. This game manages to form that nostalgia D1-D2 gave, that you just cant seem to get back even with a reinstall. Thank you Devs. Your the Noxx if your day."
,Recommended,219990,21449405,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,massdev,"This is a glowing testament to what Early Access could and should be. A small diligent and responsive dev team that highlights what community supported development can achieve. It hasn't all been rosy, I've lost characters and shared stashes along the way but the mature gothic themes really resonate with me and what has been produced I highly recommend.I'm also excited about what the future promises with regards lore and expansion and so many big questions have yet to be answered. If I'm critical I would have preferred more character classes, with different styles of play which would have meant more builds and greater variety but whats in at launch should easily give you beyond 200 hrs of play. Considering the pricepoint thats a steal, I'm just over 240 and have only unlocked 28 achievements so plenty left to explore!If you miss what old school Diablo used to be and still have the ARPG itch Grim Dawn is your cureall."
,Recommended,219990,30718816,Posted: 24 March,all,Michael Bay,"From the hours I've put in so far it's definite a great title if you're into Diablo syle games. The dual class system is really cool, and it's really interesting to mess around with how to make both skill trees work together along with the additional layer of depth that the devotion system brings. I will admit that the sheer number of different effects there are is a bit overkill, espcially considering that the usefulness of them to your character aren't necessairly obvious at a glance. It's not really a bad thing, but it can make comparing equipment more difficult at times.Equipment isn't really different from the norm. The feature to only display loot above a certian threshold is awesome, espically since lootable is normally always visble on the screen. It really elminates the problem of accidentally picking up something you don't want by accident, but unfortunately still has the problem of loot getting in the way of battle sometimes.Backtracking can be pretty frustrating because of the fact that most areas level with you to a certian threshold. While it's pretty nice to still be getting XP from areas you have to revist, it's frustrating when you just want to plow through an area you've already been through recently to have to deal with it.I'd definitely recomend Grim Dawn. You'd be hard set to find a better modern Diabloesque game."
76561198039229433,Recommended,219990,21608896,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,jjmalyen,"I bought Grim Dawn, because I had great memories of Diablo 2. To be honest I thought i would be bored after a couple of hours, boy was I wrong. All I can say is Amzing!Gonna spend many hours on this one, it is not only a masterpiece, but will hook you worse than Heroin.... So adictive!Great game 10/10 in my view.Must buy!"
76561198127181503,Recommended,219990,21613877,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,themachine,"finally something i like as much as diablo 2, since i prefer d2 over d3. this is a awesome game. it should be a huge success."
76561198195473749,Recommended,219990,21614091,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Di Purple Monkey,Great
,Recommended,219990,30435425,Posted: 10 March,all,Snowtrain,fun game i like it
76561198027684454,Recommended,219990,29479953,Posted: 25 January,all,Castiel [Tsarkillo],Just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it already.
76561198145144193,Recommended,219990,29477528,Posted: 24 January,all,Brimstone,Very similar to Blizzard Entertainment's Diablo series. Its Pretty Good. Wouldnt have bought it if i played already though.
,Recommended,219990,31014209,Posted: 8 April,all,Haedri,"A nice hack'n slash, a bit too long and repetitive on the long run, but still I would recommend it"
76561198055754826,Recommended,219990,29245408,Posted: 14 January,all,KLYFER,"This game is deep. Lots of things to discover, lots of builds to have fun.Such a good game."
76561198039034725,Recommended,219990,29569365,Posted: 29 January,all,Warhammer1274,"I used to think Torchlight 2, despite its flaws, was the best ARPG out there.  Grim Dawn blows it away."
76561198001786473,Recommended,219990,29432937,Posted: 22 January,all,TiTs McGee,This game is better than diablo 2/3. Much more customization in your class. Torchlight doesnt touch this game. Very gritty fun single-player and co-op.
76561198040767605,Recommended,219990,29553139,Posted: 28 January,all,Raevarin,"Excellent ARPG. Narrative is really good (at least to me). It has some a Lovecraftian vibe to it concerning some of the enemies you will be facing. The music and lighting is very atmospheric and fits the games ""grim dark"" feel."
76561197962549829,Recommended,219990,17289846,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,evertarz,"I love the game so far. A cross between Fallout, Van Helsing, with a twist of Witcher. It is more complete than many full release games I have seen. The only thing that would/will make it better is  the tools to fully mod it and a Steam Grim Dawn  Workshop."
,Recommended,219990,17295563,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Sani,Great game - good addition to the ARPG genre. If you're a fan of the Diablo or Torchlight series you won't be disappointed.
76561198052093302,Recommended,219990,18919125,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Scootzy,Got kinda boring in a hurry. I've put thousands of hours into the diablo series but GD just doesn't hold my attention. Everyone else seems to like it though so you probably will too.
76561198062983643,Recommended,219990,30603096,Posted: 18 March,all,Insomniac12,This game is like a mix between Diablo III and Torchlight 2. Thoroughly enjoyable and definitely worth the $12 I paid for it. Highly recommended for those who like ARPG's.
76561198192711297,Recommended,219990,18684861,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Drakkus,This game rocks.
,Recommended,219990,30583315,Posted: 17 March,all,DANH,"Whether you love ARPG or not just try this game out, it's a good game, period."
,Recommended,219990,30583791,Posted: 17 March,all,Bakadrone,"A very competent ARPG, will undoubtably appeal to the older Diablo 2 diehards.No real complaints about the leveling and gameplay, but what really let me get my moneys worth out of the game was the atmosphere and lore/story.It is of course a typical hero's journey, depite our hero getting the short end of the stick more often than not but the Lovecraft-esque feel to the lore books/scrolls/paraphernalia and deliciously bleak and desperate feel to the world kept me engaged and eager to find more lore throughout the entire story line.If you're the sort of person that enjoys eldritch abominations combined with great world building you should have few complaints about Grim Dawn."
76561198040296128,Recommended,219990,18772683,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Vizgar,"(EARLY ACCESS REVIEW)This is what Diablo 3 should have been. a gritty, dark and sad world where you are the one to burn and demolish your way through hordes of critters.As of now you can play through 3 acts which offers hours of playtime and the game feels great even though it is still in the making.Crate does a great again job as they did with the sadly underrated Titan Quest.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR HACK & SLASH LOVERSPROS:-deep mastery & (not yet implemented) devotion systems which offers tons of builds-great atmosphere and feel-nice visuals-tons of replayability by trying out new buildsCONS:-lacks voice acting-no character costumisation"
76561198131453215,Recommended,219990,18369416,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,radermecherbob,"Two hrs into early access,Diablo2,Sacred and Tians Quest,and now Grim Dawn.This appears to be the real successor to these.RPG and Hack and slash action.My main concern is lack of in game saves.Restarting things gets old.Pending final out come,this seems to be a winner."
76561198007023337,Recommended,219990,18371639,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Warden1986,Best early access so far! Bravo Crate Entertainment !
76561198008207032,Recommended,219990,18434426,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,[FNU] Nefarius,Found soiled pants that lets me throw turds at enemies.Started a new Char build around throwing fecesPoomancer the Brown11/10 would throw again
76561198006405687,Recommended,219990,7654265,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Gimpadin,"Steampunk, daemon-apocalypse game from the makers of Titan Quest, that plays very much like Titan Quest.  Highly recommendThese guys are constantly updating this gem, giving us more and more content, more reasons to look forward to release.  Can't wait!"
76561197997966155,Recommended,219990,24724805,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,r¡sê ºƒ çhaös™,"Highly overrated but not a bad game.   I'd recommend it for around $10-15.   Although much of it is copy pasted from titan quest with a new coat of paint, I was pleasantly surprised with some of the environments.   Some of the classes work and some don't from a fun standpoint, the first class I chose, I got bored after an hour or two and never went back.   A year or two  later I decided to give it another shot and chose a different set of skill trees, this time ended up playing for what you see in my playtime (50+ hours)."
,Recommended,219990,30565721,Posted: 17 March,all,✪ Noure,"I don't normally leave reviews unless it's some massive game with a huge hype train or established following, but I have give credit where credit is due.I love Diablo 3, well, I did. It got really stale and I stopped playing at the end of Season 6 doing GR45's. I tried PoE but I personally hate it, so I gave up on ARPG games for a while. I saw this was on sale for $12.50 and that my friend had it on his wishlist. This friend is a big ARPG player and has hundreds of hours of D3 and PoE on PC and Console. So I decided to give it a shot and I cannot believe how amazing this game is.The game itself has great depth. Unique class designs with mix and match options and a devotion system much like PoE. Gear drops that remind me of Borderlands. Enemy design that reminds me of Diablo. The Crucible DLC is not at all required, but really helps. It's like doing a Greater Rift Trial at any level that has currency and gear as a reward. The gear isn't super busted early, but I will wait to see how it is late game. As someone who likes to have a lot of characters, I want to be able to get gear without grinding 40 hours on each one.It's just an all around great game. Cheap, well made, plenty of content, not insanely glitchy, and full of it's own flavor while also giving you tastes of all time greats. If you are wondering whether or not to get this at all, I totally would. On sale it's probably the single greatest $15 purchase I have made, and I have a lot of games."
,Recommended,219990,21648262,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Wu_YoGa,I love this game!!!  Titan Quest + diablo = Diablo's Quest!!!!
,Recommended,219990,18422358,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Bo Nerr,If you liked Titan Quest you'll like Grin Dawn. If you didn't like Titan quest then you won't like Grim Dawn. It's as simple as that.
,Recommended,219990,24757768,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Lamp,I thought I wouldn't enjoy it since I've played my fair share of aRPGs.I enjoyed it.
76561197961081700,Recommended,219990,18541546,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,UbrokeMyGrill?,"One of the few early access games worth purchasing. With a steady stream of game updates and massive customization, Grim Dawn is on the path to surpass Diablo 2.The only downside is it's still in beta and early access. In the age of Greenlight flooded with unfinished and overpriced flash quality games, Crate Entertainment has shown a product with loads of content and more to come.If you like the Diablo series, Path of Exile or Titan Quest, I highly recommend this game.If you hate ARPGs or similar lootfests, stay away."
76561198331539451,Recommended,219990,30582278,Posted: 17 March,all,DoomStock,Love this game!!  I recommend If you like Titan Quest!
76561198073320226,Recommended,219990,30581624,Posted: 17 March,all,pdowd74,"Fun, awesome!"
76561198242725922,Recommended,219990,30581775,Posted: 17 March,all,uhhh,"Was hesitant at first, but got it and don't regret buying it at all. It's similar to Diablo, but there are obvious differences in terms of the plot of the campaign, or the variety of the skill trees, and the graphics really kill it (in a good way).But I was a bit confused on a certain parts at the beginning. You have to sort of know what's what, who's who, etc.Would recommend 9/10."
76561198025645062,Recommended,219990,30569025,Posted: 17 March,all,JohnnyCarcass,"This game is awesome and highly addicting. I paid 12,49 € of it and it's absolute bargain, really worth every cent!"
76561198034101231,Recommended,219990,18689189,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Itachi Uchiha,"I absolutely love this game, and as a big fan of the diablo series i can say that this game is way more fun. i like the fact that you can combine two classes to make a new one and the game looks really good. the game however runs a bit laggy on my computer, i dont know if its because my craptop is a 4 yr old Alienware Mx17 or the fact that the game is still early release.but overall the game is awesome."
,Recommended,219990,30578725,Posted: 17 March,all,Chapel,Needs better GUI's.
76561198006438261,Recommended,219990,18831260,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Packmeister,Love this game. Can't wait until it's finished.
76561197972157411,Recommended,219990,18239784,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,bongo,"It's basically Diablo II+So its Diablo two with souped up grohics, albeit a darker style, without the big pile of horsepoo that is Diablo 3.Hard to explain till you play, then you will say... "" Ahh, now I know what that guy was talking about""Enjoy the mindless yet enjoyable hack n slash"
76561197975141423,Recommended,219990,30546496,Posted: 16 March,all,Darkness,ProsGreat soundtrackVisuals are greatControls are easy to learn if you've ever played​ Diablo.Skill tree and dual class is definitely a nice touchConsLackluster storyline not exactly top notch story but not horrible either. Lore does have gapfillers to keep it more interesting.GUI can be overwhelming at first it took me a bit to find certain buttons.OverallI would say if you liked Diablo or path of exile this is definitely a game I would recommend in your collection. Provides many hours of entertainment and replayability. Online co op can be alot of fun.
76561197987643506,Recommended,219990,17829844,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Buddha Style,8/10Never get bored of this game. Which is good for a Action RPG!
76561198022867151,Recommended,219990,20227083,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Green Knight,"I recommend this old-school ARPG you can sink your fangs into. The Grim Dawn team has created something special with this game. The game world has many levels, and is far more vast than it first appears on the world map. The stories and lore are well written, entertaining, and often humorous (slightly twisted, but funny). The stats system is fairly complex, often leaving you debating about what item is best for your character build. This game brings back all the flavor and atmosphere of the original Diablo. For an indie devlopment title, they've outdone themselves."
,Recommended,219990,20227633,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,razzilla,Similar to Titan Quest in a good way. :D
76561197995472852,Recommended,219990,20230549,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,milesteg_cy,"Actually this review is going to be short. If you've played Titan Quest before, Grim Dawn is just the same game with new graphics and a new storyline. All the game mechanics and game play are copied from TQ plus some new add-ons. I'm a  big fan of Titan Quest btw. So this game is kind of a surprise for me. Brought back the good old days :)"
,Recommended,219990,20217997,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,afr0,"If you love Torchlight and Diablo, this game is a must-buy. The gameplay is really great, and also the soundtrack in this game is surprisingly good. I hope the developer added a voice-over in this game, because without it, it feels empty. 10/10."
76561198029657329,Recommended,219990,20222883,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,j0k3r306,"Not a finished game, but is well worth the money you pay for it. There's really not much point in reviewing this game, just read the reviews on Titan Quest. If you'll play TQ or have played TQ, then you'll love this game.  Titan Quest and Fallout have a kid, they named it Grim Dawn. But this little one is still growing up so please, future reviewers, keep that in mind.A little warning to all my fellow gamers that Played the f*** outta Titan Quest(As did I), you won't be very impressed if you're looking for a new twist on this genre of game. To me it feels like a very masterfully made Total Conversion mod for TQ. IMO, I still think that it's worth the cash and worth a playthrough. Just don't set expectations too high just yet, give the devs time to finish they're game."
,Recommended,219990,20204050,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zezima,Titan Quest with less Titans and more dead guys hanging from trees.
,Recommended,219990,20203489,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Clump,tibby quest 2
76561197963261641,Recommended,219990,20203602,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,b0u1der,"Great game. Has a few bugs here and there, but mostly flawless. You will definitely get your moneys worth with this game."
76561198003059352,Recommended,219990,20196147,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Myt,"Gave the game a try since it was on discount and I must say it's great! Got me hooked right after killing the first monsters and played almost 6 hours straight which speaks for itself! Great game, this is how D3 should have been."
76561198013892351,Recommended,219990,20199862,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,tbone177177,"If you liked Titan Quest, you will love this game. The set up is very much the same. Dual class charaters make for  an interesting game. The story is very good, the graphics are great and there are no menial tasks to perform repeatedly, unless you want to, that is. I've just finished the first chapter and love it. Running two characters to see what type of game play I like better. Definitely worth the $14.99 it's on sale for now. You won't regret the purchase."
76561198081081377,Recommended,219990,20060025,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,1963davidscott,Very good
76561197964875996,Recommended,219990,20069077,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lomey,Ful content available as of this writing! No wipe when game officially exits beta for release in february. Lots of depth and fun.
,Recommended,219990,20063491,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Picklelele,This game is very fun if you enjoy RPG or action games such as Diablo or Witcher.Best game in this genre today.Activision/Blizzard should hang their head in shame.
76561198054089996,Recommended,219990,20136837,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,UBoy,"All I can say is I love this game.  Three reasons:1)  Visceral, I mean VISCERAL combat.  The ragdoll physiques make kills satisfying.  It almost feels like an Isometric Skyrim game.2)  Tons of loot, for ya ""Loot Jigolos"" out there.  And a great crafting system.3)  Finally, an awesome Grim Dawn community.If you are a fan of Skyrim, Diablo 3, and/or Path of Exile, give this game a try."
,Recommended,219990,20137324,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Burnt_wings,"to be honest: diablo 3 had beautiful cutscenes, but this one is far more fun.. and its actually completed content right now.. so if i were you i would buy it while its on sale, this is a great deal.."
76561197970661218,Recommended,219990,20145149,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Hairyone,"Great game and a fantastic deal at the moment, £11.99 in the sale. Well worth your money. Lovely graphical style, beautiful sound track. Lot of choices to be made when leveling up your character. Class and skill system is very interesting.U.I. is superb and the controls are top notch.  Highly recommended purchase."
76561198046175481,Recommended,219990,20131328,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nyarly,One of the most intresting games i played in a while.
76561197961786686,Recommended,219990,20142159,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Motivation Game Studio,"Grim Dawn are for sure top 3 hack N slash game 2015 -> 2016. You can have so many different builds because of multi class and now when Devotion tree is up, can you have so damn fun!2016 going to be a great year for Grim Dawn!"
76561198048410408,Recommended,219990,20190626,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,azshiran,Can't put this down. Love the character customization. On par with D3 and Torchlight 2.
76561198082187579,Recommended,219990,20183473,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ozzietech,Defiently recommend Grim Dawn only played 2 hrs so far and loving it
76561198274416932,Recommended,219990,30615524,Posted: 19 March,all,SilenT_Kill3r,very addicted game!
,Recommended,219990,30615421,Posted: 19 March,all,onedeadgod,"I dont write many reviews, but I feel compelled to tell my arpg friends out there (especially self found explorers) that this is a real gem of a game. Great community, great mechanics, and great graphics."
76561198048200800,Recommended,219990,30612517,Posted: 19 March,all,Pankacz,Solid game especially if you pair it with DAIL mod. Totally worth the money. Currently 50% off-- GET IT!
76561197994007187,Recommended,219990,30630217,Posted: 19 March,all,Blackstar,"Quality game, for the sale price it is almsot a steal."
76561197968608273,Recommended,219990,19275955,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Zellar,"I have been playing this RPG and I LIKE it very much so far!! As good or better then Diablo 3....love the graphics, very creepy and gothic looking backgrounds....creatures and monsters are very well rendered....Although it is in ""Early Access"" it feels done and very capable....Great work Devs.....and thank you so much!! BIG FAN!!"
,Recommended,219990,30629570,Posted: 19 March,all,Glaice,One of those indie Diablo style games that will captivate you if you're into this sort of stuff.
76561198074362895,Recommended,219990,30630265,Posted: 19 March,all,Good old Legbone,"Easily worth the price, but if you can get it on sale then all the better!"
76561198021785342,Recommended,219990,19284280,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ommadawn,"Always been a fan of this style of game and thankfully, this one shines.  From a novice point of view it may be a little overwhelming at first but stick with it.  This game comes highly recommended and each update adds awesome touches.  I've been holding off playing through to the end until it's finished.  As it's due for a full release early 2016 it's the perfect time to play catch up.  If only life was this much fun."
,Recommended,219990,19298370,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,CrymsonGhost,"Grim Dawn is a refreshing take on the ARPG genre. Multiple classes, and dual classing really adds a significant amount of customization to character creation. Great graphics, music is very good. Gameplay is easy to pick up. I look forward to what  the developers are bringing later on. No regrets for having early access. This is game is awesome."
76561198059827424,Recommended,219990,19297426,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,HeroicSaint,"This game is awesome. While the graphics won't wow you, the dual class system and the devotion system should. There are so many build capabilities that not all 2 soldiers are going to be the same at all. That goes for every class, especially ones that dual class. You will have no trouble finding loot in this game as it seems every monster is carrying a 20 lb sack full of it for you haha. Do yourselves a favor and back this game or buy it during release as its my favorite Action RPG so far. Has me coming back everytime i think about playing them. It doesnt have the character customization some people might be looking for, but who the hell cares. You will be wearing armour anyways. There is soooo much exploration its mind blowing. Aside from the main quest you pick up side quests constantly. This game is really overwhelming. Buy it."
,Recommended,219990,19296683,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,TheNeoianOne,"From the makers of Titan Quest, we have a darker grittier Hack n Slash. Great character customization, decent visuals, and lots of fun."
76561198166313626,Recommended,219990,19280309,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,GimpCent,Steam needs more early access games like this.  Wonderful game and wonderful devs
76561198054679178,Recommended,219990,19208282,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Thunderbeard,Very good game. It's a good hack and slash and you can easily lose track of time while playing it.
,Recommended,219990,19406173,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,bad at games,Needs quest indicators on the map
76561198052327478,Recommended,219990,19438879,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Necrovoid,This is my first review on Steam and I do so out of sense of obligation to the amazing dev team who has given this gem to us. If you like ARPGs then you will most likely love this game. From the visuals and sounds of a dying world to the amazing customization of your many (yes you shall have many) characters to the satisfying sprays of blood and gore of the fallen enemies this game simply satisfies.I will not repeat what many have already said about the pros/cons of this game but overall this game not only stands up to the big names in the genre but in many ways challenges them.
76561198031705864,Recommended,219990,19414184,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TehPenguin,"It is a nice, fresh, wind in the ARPG world. Really nice story(if you actually read all the books you find it all clicks together), really pretty graphics and the open world aspect is just as fun as it sounds. Get it. It's better than D3 but then again - that is not hard to beat."
,Recommended,219990,19432495,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Strider,"Bye, Diablo 3!"
76561198117946668,Recommended,219990,19449187,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,OttoVonFoo,"This is an excellent ARPG. If you like games like Diablo, Torchlight, etc. you'll love it. I think it's better than D3 and, in many ways, Torchlight, too. The classes play very differently, and even within one class, you have a lot of options for how to apply experience that can change how you'll play. Graphics are solid and, in many cases, quite creepy and environmentally interesting. In some ways it reminds me a lot of the original Diablo, in that I got some genuine chills from time to time. Maps are quite large and you'll spend a good amount of time searching for the stuff on your quest list. Varied enemies that require different strategies, but (so far) nothing too out of the ordinary. I'm still in the first big area, though... may be more different baddies coming. UI is perfect, handles all the tasks the way you'd want. Health/recovery system is good, if a bit too forgiving -- PLAY IN HARD MODE from the get-go. Regular is simply too dang easy. No crashes in 14 hours of play. Really enjoy this game. Highly recommended."
76561198061901164,Recommended,219990,30635640,Posted: 20 March,all,Mauna3,"Wonderful game.  Fully immersive into that old school feel of raising a character to a master powerhouse but everything growing with you.  The quest are not, ""Go here, kill this, bring back this, ta da you are now a Grand-Master PohBah!"" It's more like ""Go here, now why did you go here?  Did you find the lost person?  No?  Go back and look for him, by the way the named Boss here will have 8 times the health you have and special powers, so you can't stand there like a bump on a log and you have to actually move and think.  No one else cares about you and will protect you.  THINK FOR YOURSELF!""Love.that♥♥♥♥♥♥  Challenge me!  I mean challenge me to the point I have a chance of winning even if it means I have to leave, gain more power to come back and fight again later, but challenge me.  I'm so sick and tired of these games where once I beat things with 4times the HP less than me, the only ""pressure"" I feel is the boss.  That.. gets boring fast.Mods are very friendly with this game, it's just like a vibe of Diablo 1 & 2, some Dragon Age, and just old fashioned thinking RPG.  I enjoy it and so does my Fiance who got me started with this game.  Thank you developers and all those involved."
76561198058667200,Recommended,219990,19432852,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,d_sheik,"This is the best ARPG ive played in a while.   Better than Diablo 3, POE, Torchlight 2, just to name a few of the more known ARPGs,  Like others have said similar to the old Titan Quest but a lot better.  I like the character customization with this game, combined with the story line and gameplay  It all comes together for a very fun game.   For $16 on sale I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,219990,21451426,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,F.U.N.,"If you enjoyed Titan Quest, you'll enjoy this masterpiece.Netcode is meh, but, you can play it with friends anyways."
76561197979861824,Recommended,219990,21448116,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ж В₣TЅ Ж Shephard,This game makes fun !!
,Recommended,219990,21514557,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,deth,Simply a must have for any arpg fan. Superb game with so many ways to customise your character and heaps of loot!
,Recommended,219990,21515518,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,wrenis pinkle,"Outstanding action roleplaying game. Plain and simple. Titan Quest was awesome and this takes it to another level. A ton of customization options to allow you choose your method of slaying, and isn't that what we all love in this sort of game?"
76561198006360288,Recommended,219990,21505795,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Shesin,"Absolute fantastic game!   Yes, I was an early adopter, so there is a little bias.   But if you love any type of ARPG this is for you.I was a huge fan of Titan Quest and Immortal Throne, and this is essentially the follow up.  Combat is intense, build diversification is absolutely huge, and the game world is diverse and amazing.Cannot go wrong with this purchase at all!"
,Recommended,219990,21509950,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Thorvald,Makes me want to make this game for mobile so I can play it always. It is so fluent and animations are great making it a very goodlooking experience.
76561198012938255,Recommended,219990,21511234,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,PiReX,I have been playing this game on and off for awhile now that's it's been released I would give this game 8.5/10. The gameplay is solid the audio is good the feel of the  areas in the game remind me of D2 it's fun to play solo or with friends.
76561198067738845,Recommended,219990,21523777,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pandakekoks,Tried this out and has already logged 14 hrs to this game.loot system is goodcharacter customization is greatstory and quests are also therethe only issue I have is with the waypoint and map systemwhich I think can still be optimizedalso the map is HUGE!!! to think this is hand crafted blows my mind :)
,Recommended,219990,21523884,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DeathDisk28,"Excellent game, well thought out and put together. A purist ARPG with gameplay and gore chunky enough to satisfy players who have experienced D3, but with all the extra customisation, DECENT crafting and lore you would come to expect in an ARPG."
76561197970610645,Recommended,219990,21818364,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Paul,Great game in Diablo style.Nothing bad to say about it.
76561198137659050,Recommended,219990,21827557,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,LegionFTSdoesTwitchstuff,I can give things to my buddies? Lata D3.Grim Dawn wins.
,Recommended,219990,21828964,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Papa Burgundy,"Brilliant game, highly recomended to those who enjoy a Arpg style of gamplay, the game is seamless no load screens other then using portal or entering a dungeon or new act, great selection of items and tons of depth."
,Recommended,219990,21825047,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Baby's Romance,Greatest ARPG I've ever played since Diablo 2!
,Recommended,219990,21839769,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,AzrAel,"To be fair I really don't care about the story of RPGs. That's why I didn't read a single conversation regarding the story line. But the game is really fun. More, more and ever more new equipment, the game's difficulty is okay, even on veteran it's not like you'd die the whole time. Currently playing as a Nightblade and it is very enjoyable. For 24,99€ this was the best investment I've had in a few years now, I guess."
,Recommended,219990,21835073,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,[PCKS] Spazzie,"Really great Titan Quest-style ARPG, recommended to anybody who likes this style of games!"
76561197994874044,Recommended,219990,21734650,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,shacksm,"Grim Dawn has components that are familiar with the Action RPG genre: complex character build systems, tons of gear and stats, and endless combinations to maximize your character. It's all something players of games like Diablo and Path of Exile will understand.What sets Grim Dawn apart is an interesting emphasis on exploration. The game has a fixed semi-open world, and searching through the world for various secrets is an important part of your character's development in the ""devotion"" system. Granted, the fun of exploration will start losing its luster after you've beaten the game the first time, but it is fun to play an ARPG where poking around and not rushing through from boss to boss is actually rewarded.I am looking forward to seeing what people do with mods."
,Recommended,219990,21737298,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Roukine,Very good game. I feel like this is what should have been Diablo 3.
76561198043663653,Recommended,219990,21737779,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Reviled_1,Very entertaining.
76561197970567854,Recommended,219990,21796798,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,inq,Best RPG in a long time
76561198122249649,Recommended,219990,21819215,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,tates627,"If you loved Diablo, and Diablo 2, but were extremely dissapointed in Diablo 3; GET THIS GAME! I'm only a few hours in to the game, but everything about this game is amazing thus far! For any of you that spent 15+ years playing the Diablo series like I have, just do yourself the favor and enjoy this amazing game. I'm still finding out more and more things that are just making me fall in love with this game. This is the only review I have ever written for a game as I'm sure you can tell, but this game is worth it. Everything Diablo 3 should have been and then some."
,Recommended,219990,21800920,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,| ♔ | Cocky Bagboa,"I rarely write reviews for video games, but this game is incredible.Anyone looking to get that classic Diablo 2 feeling with a modern twist is bound to find this game enjoyable, as someone who's played the Diablo series since the beginning I would highly recommend this game."
76561198040936723,Recommended,219990,22389427,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ImmaButtafly,"Game's pretty good for what it is as a Diablo-esque thing though there's some weird problems with its customization- The half-refund thing is weird, where you can refund skill points, but not points spent in the class itself- Honestly, 16+ point expenditure in skills kind of creates an all-or-nothing thing, which honestly kind of blows.  By extension, many skills are 1 point wonders or max it out type-thing.The two factors combined makes it really hard to actually test out skills, because you need a ton of points to see how they function properly, and if you end up not liking the skill, you better find another skill at a similar class level to use or you have wasted build points there, which is kind of eh.  Too much guess-and-check there really.However I do find the game fun for what it is.  If you want Diablo-esque gameplay with an interesting class mixing dynamic.Is there a way to remove tags though?  Because whoever decided that this thing has 'full controller support' is lying.  Just tried out the controller support on it, and it's... atrocious.  I can't figure out how to actually bind skills properly to the keys, and you have to switch to the mouse to mess around menus and stuff, which fully defeats the point."
76561198080155942,Recommended,219990,22398409,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,unampho,"I don't even know what to say beyond I've played Diablo, torchlight, titan quest, you know the deal...but this one's better."
,Recommended,219990,30757354,Posted: 26 March,all,trap doctor,Diablo 2 in 2016. Closest you can get to a Diablo 2 experience. Fantastic game.
,Recommended,219990,22439711,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Mr Nobody,Totally badass.
76561198011110047,Recommended,219990,30755662,Posted: 26 March,all,steve,"This is the first time I have ever taken the time to review a game. I've played hours of Diablo 2 and most recently Diablo 3 and I was very disappointed with Diablo 3. Grim Dawn has everything and more that Diablo 3 lacks. Diablo 3 reminds me of World of Warcraft and Diablo mixed. Not saying WoW is bad, merely Diablo should be nothing like Wow and unfortunately it is. For the price, the content and experience you get with Grim Dawn is worth it. I made it to Act 3 on D3 and the game was not challenging and nothing like D2 was. GD gives me a challenge and the atmosphere of the game is how Diablo should be.This game will not disappoint. The details and functionality in the game are amazing and it's alot of fun to play. The follow up to Diablo 2 should have been exactly like Grim Dawn. Diablo 3 makers need to take some serious notes. Funny thing is, I found out about GD through the D3 forums. After playing D3 for awhile, I was researching if anyone else had similar negative experiences and sure enough there were plenty and someone mentioned GD has a much better alternative and they did not disappoint."
76561198081106365,Recommended,219990,22403105,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MadMartigan,The Best Hack and Slash I've played since Diablo II the grinding and gear is worth it and the spells and traits are fun.
76561197970807880,Recommended,219990,22406640,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,SilentButDeadly,"While very much a Diablo clone, Grim Dawn does such a great job on its combat mechanics you end up just having fun. Loads of skills, classes, monsters, quests and loot. It does a great job on balancing difficulty vs. rewards. Multiplayer is fun too, and although I can't always find someone to play with on hardcore mode, there are people playing if you are patient.Overall, I think Grim Dawn is actually a better game than Diablo 2, and certainly better than Diablo 3. While it doesn't match Blizzard's budget on graphics, cutscenes, or voice acting it is nonetheless competent and has everything you need for great gameplay. At half the price it's a great buy."
76561197982032834,Recommended,219990,22206450,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,✠ Yoshaa ✠,"I love this game, the gameplay is awesome. the story is quite simple but the ambiance around it is really great.that H&S is really one of the best. the price seems not fair concedering the quality of this game.the interface is not one of the best, i hope it will me improved later though."
76561198069825771,Recommended,219990,22190703,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,rossw3020,9/10 from me. This game is just so much fun and you can tell much work was put into it. Completely stable and with nvidia inspector you can really make it look good. Highly Recommend.
76561198072305217,Recommended,219990,22112385,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Aspire ColouRz,"Awesome gameYou basically just have to hold down mouse1 to combat, which I like cuz im lazy. It was simple to undertand and get going but there is a lot of more depth in it for the person who wants that."
76561198063432716,Recommended,219990,22112415,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,mr. chomsky,great game. love the skill and item system
,Recommended,219990,22144666,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,LeafletsCam,this is my favorite action rpg I've played so farthere's so much atmosphere and clearly a lot of care went into making thisand the dialogue is good!!Thank you for making this game I think it's awesome and absolutely deserves a lot of attentionthat being said I also think the combat (which feels good as it is) would feel a lot better if some enemies did not instantly vanish into a small cloud of blood when you hit themthat really is my only problem so far with this experience but for me it makes a big difference seeing enemies ragdoll or react in some way before dissapearing
76561197985873713,Recommended,219990,30744386,Posted: 25 March,all,Fatallagg,Great game.
76561198086154420,Recommended,219990,22181780,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,FallaciousSuperGiant,A very nice ARPG. Very fun and rewarding. Great class choices and visuals. A must play.
,Recommended,219990,22198746,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,TheNope,"Highly recommned this game !! Grim Dawn !!You got 10/10 from meReally impressive system espacially Playing either Online or OfflineCan build any Characters' sets, skills, classes and moreKeep up the good workThumbs up From Thai Player"
76561198056832231,Recommended,219990,22394067,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,chefdaddy1,"This is the best hack and slash arpg that most people are not playing. I am a huge Diablo series fan, been playing it since it was released. I had this game in my wishlist for quite some time. Finally got it during a steam sale, and even then, I didn't try it for a couple of months because I was playing so much D3. I regret not having started when the game was in its earliest stages."
,Recommended,219990,22392197,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Slaschi,Nice Game :v
,Recommended,219990,30753613,Posted: 26 March,all,Vear,"Surprisingly blown away by the Graphic Quality, Gameplay and Lores, don't get turn off too quickly by the control. Especially if you are like me, a proper noob to isometric ARPG. Just like dark souls, the best lores are hidden.."
,Recommended,219990,22367998,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Pretty and Nasty,Absolutely fantastic game.10/10 would buy for 4 times the price.
76561198046927976,Recommended,219990,27897238,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,𝓓𝓻𝓪𝓳𝔃𝓸𝓸𝓵,"Super amazing game, though i dunno why people bother making new characters to play different classes. When i get a cool new piece of gear and wanna do a build around it, i just turn on my GD Defiler, remove all my masteries and devotions, and then put on the ones for the build around that gear!"
,Recommended,219990,27896382,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Comrade Question,"My sentiment is much like the other reviews. If you like Diablo, if you liked Titan Quest, you will love Grim Dawn. If you're like me, you'll also have an issue playing through the entire game before wanting to try a different character combination.And then, when you think you might finally be done, you learn about the mods for this game, and you wonder if you'll ever be satisfied enough with your time with Grim Dawn to move on to one of the other hundreds of games unfinished in your library."
76561198007926583,Recommended,219990,27978091,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tharionwind,"Amazing game.  Great music, details and a lore/storyline that I can get into.  It is the spiritual successor to D2 and is one of the best ARPGs I've owned/played in several years.  Its amazing what an Indie group of devs can do when they put their blood, sweat and tears (as well as love) into a game THEY want to play.D3 was nice AFTER the expansion - but Grim Dawn is awesome (and a great deal at 50% off) game to play."
76561198013698621,Recommended,219990,21695617,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,All-pig-must-die,"Gameplay much more pleasing than Diablo 3!Lot's of possible build, nice soundtrack and design! the only thing i wish they add in a future update is an overlay map like in diablo but still a great arpg experience! 9/10"
76561197990458337,Recommended,219990,30964106,Posted: 5 April,all,bear,"Great game, yoyu will be statisfied with the the similar charater development from the Diablo 2. This game has many great things going so far for it in my book. I would encouage everyone to try it."
76561198043288079,Recommended,219990,27973546,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vorata,"As a fan of Titan Quest, and other ARPGs, I gotta say that I'm impressed by Grim Dawn. There is a multitide of replayability built into the Mastery system that is then supplemented by the other subsystems within the game. Add in the support for modding and you got a stew going. But seriously, great game. Longer review forthcoming."
,Recommended,219990,27951931,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PHIL KEN SEBBEN,"This is what diablo 3 should have been, damn. Nailed it."
76561198038211107,Recommended,219990,27957407,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,4Gunner,"Excellent ARPG right up there with Diablo 2,  Well worth what is charged for the game"
,Recommended,219990,27957672,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vermillioncat,So much loot and possibilities for various buildsMaking it an enjoyable experience for playing it multiple times (several playthroughs)It's also getting constatntly updated with new content
76561197972993630,Recommended,219990,27956436,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Secondhand_Liar,"As someone who played a ton of Diablo 3 during the first couple years and got a little tired of it, Grim Dawn is/was a welcome change of pace. It's grittier, darker style hits where Diablo misses, in my opinion. The character builds are significantly deeper, and I find there are more ways to stay viable even without searching out the best and most popular builds online.Some framerate lag, mostly because of the beautiful but ridiculous spell and weapon effects. (Especially when you play co-op, because then the screen is overloaded with it all)A little frustration with game crashes, but they are sporadic.I've recommended this game often, and will do so again!"
,Recommended,219990,27711198,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JulL1,This game is kinda fun
76561198008125688,Recommended,219990,27704583,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jack-slater,"The best ARPG so far. Forget about Diablo and the like. No generic fantasy-setting, tons of loot, monsters and stats which do in fact matter."
76561198021991670,Recommended,219990,27746433,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Phantomjim,"If you enjoyed the Diablo franchise, or Titan Quest you need to play this game."
,Recommended,219990,27746735,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,silentWil,Game in incredible.Great fun and you can lose hours playing it and has a great story.Excuse my while I go and continue my story.
,Recommended,219990,27717717,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Narhinik,"Really good action RPG, ended up enjoying this more than Diablo III. I haven't been that active with this genre but Grim Dawn really pulled me into it!"
,Recommended,219990,27704892,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alcatraz1015,"I bought this game after seeing just how many people recommended it. Sure enough, if you like the Diablo series at all then this game will hook you. It did me. For 4 straight hours after booting it up for the first time."
76561198106804300,Recommended,219990,27686937,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aurelius,I think there's a hidden ingenuity as to why the game is called Grim Dawn.It was one fine Friday night when I play this game. The next thing I notice is my grim realization that it's already dawn when I decided to quit the game.
76561197970728676,Recommended,219990,27761219,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Maui Manits,This is what Diablo III should have been!!
,Recommended,219990,27761344,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Southpaw,This game is better than Diablo 3. Best Action RPG ever.
76561197993493467,Recommended,219990,27762599,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mung,Top notch ARPG. Everything about this game is impressive.
76561197993296142,Recommended,219990,18796961,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Rambob,More fun than Diablo III for sure. All classes are fun.
,Recommended,219990,7603484,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Re-Review of ""Grim Dawn""I originally bought this two years ago, and was delighted by the meaty feeling combat and distinctly Diablo II esque art style and inventory management, but a little let down by the lack of content. Well  I booted it up again recently to see what, if anything had changed.Lots, apparently!There are new class options ( Shaman ) , and and the world feels much more expansive, with dozens of distinct regions that were previously inaccessable. You can 'unlock' each region by repairing a bridge , or using dynamite to blast your way through.  The materials to perform these actions are rare, but can be scavenged throughout the world.  It's a pretty awesome way of keeping you from rushing forward too quickly, while allowing you the freedom to proceed at your own pace.Plot wise, what's here is still pretty barebones and delivered via un-voiced text boxes. I have nothing against reading, but in a game where the action is constant, and furious, it feels frustrating that I can't just listen to the books I pick up while I'm fighting. Voice acting would lend a huge amount of weight to the story they are trying to tell here, but I can appreciate that it doesn't come cheap and may just be outside of the budget for these developers.With a wide variety of class builds to choose from (you can mix and match two) , a deep loot system with crafting, socketing, and all the bells and whistles you would expect from Diablo, there is a ton of great gameplay here.  I see it as a solid option for people who loved Diablo II but felt let down by the cartoony aesthetics and relative simplicity of Diablo 3.8/10."
76561197963671981,Recommended,219990,23577779,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,George Washington (cutting logs),"If you are looking for a great single player game much like Diablo 2, this is your game.  If you intend to play it multiplayer, good luck.  Everything about multiplayer was broken for me.  Constant black screens that require system reboots, ping that shoots up into the 1000s for no reason, game freezes when friend joins, game sits on loading screen when trying to join.  I could go on with the problems but for my money this was a waste of time since multiplayer wasn't working.  I Spend nine hours trying to get it to work and actually play and now I can't even refund it.Recent patches have fixed many issues.  Bugs still exist even in multiplayer but I've actually been able to play it and have a good time.  As long as they keep fixing the problems this game is a decent pickup for your Steam collection."
,Recommended,219990,30599900,Posted: 18 March,all,ButterPig3,Nice game good graphics overall a great game that you can have hours of fun in. The only bad parts is I wouldd say is having to grinde for 10 hours for 1 item but games like this you kinda half to. The graphics are good like i said but if your pc cant handle them then you can turn them down a lot and I like that a lot so if you want good graphics but your game is slow just turn them down a little. Over all i would give this game a 8/10.
76561198009531719,Recommended,219990,24364003,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Rhino,Like playing diablo 2 without your eyes wanting to bleed after looking at the screen for 5 minutes.
76561198093656996,Recommended,219990,24268246,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,kadito,the only thing i dont like is the music when you enter Devil's Crosssing xD
76561198136783560,Recommended,219990,24289831,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,R.U.S.T.,Hours upon hours of good old fashioned dungeon crawling etc hack n slash. worth every cent and then some
,Recommended,219990,24277508,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Yamucha's Corpse,"A solid ARPG with lots of a replayability. It's missing a lot of things that could make a true triple A title, but it's definitely fun and engaging. Probably the best small developer game I've ever played."
76561198239175296,Recommended,219990,24279325,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,An African Ape,"Definitely the most rewarding, worthwhile ARPG out there. I love it! Play it!"
,Recommended,219990,24263693,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Angus Thermopyle,Excellent game
,Recommended,219990,24249410,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,TGM Oliver Holm,"The game is fun and addictive, enemies are well designed, and it's well balanced. IF you're a ranged character. If not, this game is a literal hell. Every enemy, even ones that are considered ""weak"", will take massive chunks off your health with every attack, there's no real strategy, as you can't bait them, nor can you really dodge them without losing your opportunity to attack. You could just have a lot of health potions at hand, but enemies kill you faster than your skill can refresh. Oh yeah, ptions are a skill, by the way. An item, but still a skill, that has a cooldown, but is not affected any skill enhancing effects.This is especially a problem when comes to boss fights. As a ranged character, the fight will mostly revolve around detecting the attack patterns, timing your attacks, and dodging their attacks. As meele, well, you just have to spam your abillities, and hope you grinded enough to be able to survive the onslaught of powerful attacks.And not only are the ranged classes op when you use them, ranged enemies are also op, as they deal more damage, are hard to get for all the enemies in the way, and sometimes, they even have more health than the regular enemies.I don't know if it's just me, but I see this as a huge ♥♥♥♥ing problem, as anyone is doesn't superhuman skills in these types of games would be discoraged from playing meele, and would instead be limited to only playing ranged.Other than that huge balancing issue, the game is fine. Good gameplay, good story, good lore, and The Hidden Path is especially good."
76561197974639305,Recommended,219990,24505172,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Avatarofhope,"Overall, the game is good, but it is not without it's flawsCons:-The game's controller support is very lacking requiring you to take control of the mouse in the game to interact with characters and menus. Support seems to have been an afterthought.-The components in the game are stackable, but due to the fact that merging components creates different components, they do not stack by default, making inventory management a hassle.-The opening cutscene is great but you will not find these throughout most of the game. some voice acted dialogue is all you should expect-Somehow, me and my friend ended up friendly with opposing factions while playing with each other - making traversing their territories awkward and more challenging.-The menus are not intuitive, and lack in-game explanation. Ability descriptions start with mostly lore and flavor and it is difficult to tell what they actually do.-Some classes seem to far exceed others in capabilityPros:-The gameplay is fun-The levelling/talent system paired with the devotion system makes for very fulfilling progression.-There is an expansive world with varying terrain to explore.-Equipment is varied and interesting-Portals! They make it easy to play with other people, and even incentivises multiplayer, because if you die, you can jump right back into battle if your cohort is alive."
,Recommended,219990,23491800,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Microsoft ©,This game is very grim. Could i receive a brotherhood of steel or church of innos decoration set for Devil's Crossing?
76561198122990061,Recommended,219990,30791675,Posted: 28 March,all,m.radelow,"Having grown up with ARPGs like Diablo, Sacred, Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights and the likes, I have really missed a decent addition to this genre in recent years. They are either somehow overproduced and not very immersive or the complete opposite and some indie production that put in admirable effort but just didn't have the means to really make it happen.... this is where Grim Dawn comes in.The game is obviously done by a small team with limited budget and it does show here and there. Eg. not all dialogue is voiced, however GD more than makes up for it by having some kick♥♥♥♥♥♥voice acting and a very atmospherical soundtrack. The variety of game assets isn't incredible but then again they all match extremely well and make up for a very well designed world. None of that over-the-top colour explosion that online RPGs these days do just for the sake of being different. The story as far as I played it, is immersive with many windings and side tracks. The player choices that the game promises aren't extremely impactful but they leave you with few moments where you do think that you should have done that differently, so some impact on the experience is there. Lastly, the character classes and leveling system are very well done. They characters play smoothly and the options for specialization are manyfold, resulting in a lasting motivation for further leveling.In short: GD did an excellent job at all the things that really matter, instead of doing a half-a***d job at everything. The result is a game that, although created by a small production company, was done with a lot of love and careful consideration. I enjoyed every minute of it so far and am nowhere close to being bored of it!"
76561198117471056,Recommended,219990,23491406,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,chans,great arpg worth looking into
76561198032220603,Recommended,219990,23491448,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,fivetoedchicken,I love this gamePlease upgrade the servers. I suspect you had no idea how good or how popular this game would be. Having serious multiplayer issues
,Recommended,219990,23463493,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,budski,Great time killer. Even a casual gamer like me can enjoy it tremendously.
76561198302096499,Recommended,219990,30072839,Posted: 20 February,all,gooddaystable,"""I didnt play this game for a while but I found I cannot start game and I try to reinstall it so many time but It's still not work.But Dont get me wrong on the negative review. I give it negative only from this crash.This game is worth every penny. I love gameplay and speacially on character building. So I only wish this crash can be fixed soon.""Now I give this game a positive due to my own fault sorry to developer keep going, you're great"
76561198163950450,Recommended,219990,23325241,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,weah2003,Awesome
,Recommended,219990,23325247,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,jimz0r,"Diablo 2 and Titan Quest got together and had a gothic ARPG baby. Loads of fun, although I find it not as repayable as Diablo 3.Great story too!"
76561198014350373,Recommended,219990,23289907,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DShK,"Very pleasant surpsie when i picked it up.Really desreves more attention. if you like Diablo, PoE or even Torchlight and any other arpg out there -give it a try!"
76561198037522200,Recommended,219990,23288566,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sevailus,I love this game.. It's taken over. I can't put it down..
76561197983432651,Recommended,219990,23161259,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,malladram,great game
,Recommended,219990,23383109,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,snowgeese,Highly recommend this game.  I just finished it last night and it was well worth the money.  The level up system is perfect and it's just challenging enough to keep it fun from beginning to end.  I'd definitely make another run through the game in the future.
76561198000570779,Recommended,219990,21452474,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Willett,Issues i had were fixed from quick replies from Dev and community.
,Recommended,219990,21454404,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Fleemus,It has the grim dark of Warhammer and the gameplay of Titan Quest.... and you can gib-splatter your foes with DBZ beams of death. WINNER!
76561197978878971,Recommended,219990,7649979,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Primitive,An amazing RPG game from the lead gameplay designer of Titan Quest!. Which was and still is an epicness adventure and Grim Dawn will give you a nice taste of the same feeling. If you played and loved either Titan Quest or Diablo 2 then Grim Dawn is a must have.Update: Full game release review 10/10 with a Bad♥♥♥♥♥approval the game is a must own you will love it ! :)
76561198043344253,Recommended,219990,19258293,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Whoflung (Tom),"Great game still in early acess so there are still some anoying bugs and game seems to crash quiet a bit in multiplayer but over all its a realy great game brings me back to the days of titanquest ..Finaly Full release is out and i must say this is a awsome game havent come across any bugs or had any crashes so far in single and multi player, the devotion system is a little bit hard to understand at first..totaly recomend you get this game ..."
76561198265194491,Recommended,219990,21469767,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,elfansa2016,one word....PERFECT!!!!!
76561197987017268,Recommended,219990,21469844,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Sickness,This is the glorious son of Diablo 2 and  Titan Quest.
76561197998319968,Recommended,219990,21469927,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,RammingSpeed,The best single player arpg i've played since d2.
76561197970483207,Recommended,219990,21470028,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Phalinx,"If you're a fan of Titan Quest, you'll enjoy this!"
76561198048233407,Recommended,219990,21470151,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Grim Reaper,If You like Diablo You Will Love This Game Would Be Nice If There Was Cinematic's Though
76561198069586006,Recommended,219990,21470291,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,hucklberyhound,"Great game!, very well done......"
76561197983565985,Recommended,219990,21470442,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,comblood,"Been playing this on and off since an early build. I was impressed at the state of the game throughout early access and never found it do be particularly buggy. Having recently reached full content and left Early Access, I'd like to say that I cant think of the last time I've encountered any real bugs or crashes. LogMeIn Hamachi is the furthest length I've had to go to in order to get a stubborn multiplayer match started up with friends.As everyone else has said, if you are a fan of Diablo or Titan Quest this is a must.10/10"
,Recommended,219990,21470461,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,GorSTL,"Must buy for ARPG fans. Throw on the D2 soundtrack and enjoy the complexity of POE, loot system similar to D2 and its own unique multi-class system. You will not regret this as it is such an incredible value for money spent.9.5/10 for ARPG fans"
76561197968332666,Recommended,219990,21561799,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,nattugle,Solid gameplay and replayability. Made with love from the makers of Titan Quest. Thumbs up.
,Recommended,219990,21558563,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,BIRD BIRD KILL IT,Scratches the same itch as Diablo II and Torchlight. Real fun ARPG.
,Recommended,219990,19873145,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Siafu,The perfect balance between depth and playability.
76561197986693305,Recommended,219990,21567713,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Gravidy,"A great Action RPG similar to Diablo 3 and Path of Exile. I loved that you play 2 Classes at a time with a 3rd skill tree based off of cleansing shrine. The game is dark and gritty, and i loved every second of it!"
76561198047557782,Recommended,219990,21571321,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,LessQQ,"If you're looking for an addiction like the one you had to Diablo 2 or Titan Quest, look no further. This game is the pinnacle of aRPGs. Brilliant."
76561198046125821,Recommended,219990,21569021,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Draco Mortis,Good game but its a shame not to have a multiplayer server. (4 men is hardly multi)
76561198054044749,Recommended,219990,21573653,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,"I, Dissonance",What an awesome surprise this game is. i have the same kind of enjoyment with this title as i had with diablo 2.
76561198012690608,Recommended,219990,21580168,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,-->Awesome<--,"/great game to play once, to level up new character feels very repetetive.  8/10"
76561198005486471,Recommended,219990,21543761,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Justin Bieber,"BEst ♥♥♥♥in game in an long time !!!!! its an most have game""!!!!"
76561198013141271,Recommended,219990,21545327,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Dagoth,It's the best right now
,Recommended,219990,21549469,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mebs,"One of, if not the best ARPG I've played to date, so much enjoymeny, played since early access and enjoyed every bit of it. Grim Dawn is a game i would say is worth every cent."
76561198007367950,Recommended,219990,21550155,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,AquaHoHoHo,"I don't leave reviews very often, but I feel compelled to leave one for this title.Why I love Grim DawnThis is a game that kind of snuck up on me. The only time I'd heard of it was in passing when I was looking through one of my queues. When I saw that the game had launched, and after watching some gameplay videos, I decided to buy it. I have to say, after an initial problem launching the game, that I am thoroughly impressed. What this game does right for me is that it has an amazing atmosphere, reminiscient of Diablo with some brighter colours. Also, the combat is fun and doesn't feel grindy to me. It feels like you're surrounded by scum-sucking zombies and demons who are dying to meet the wrong end of your broadsword!ProsGreat atmosphere, tremendously important in a game of this genreA ton of loot. Don't pay any mind to those who say there's not a lot of loot.Cool looking enemiesDecent voice actingHave an older machine, runs perfectly fine on medium, optimized pretty well!In conclusion, this is a game I would recommend to those looking to scratch the Diablo/Dark Fantasy itch that they've had for a while. It's great fun, and I'm very happy with it so far."
76561198052242908,Recommended,219990,21551403,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,LolitaFury,So far so good and not bored at all i would say with some expansions this will be far better than D3.The loot system is one of the best i have seen in a looter style aswell getting a blue makes you jump for joy rather than getting them thrown at your feet like other looters.Must say for the price one of the best looters out there.
,Recommended,219990,21551980,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Edshirun,"If acquiring loot, battling monsters and progressing a character to amazing heights is your thing, then, again, Grim Dawn is a great game to look into."
,Recommended,219990,21561095,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Cig Bock,"when i first played this at feb 20th, yes, it reminds me of titan quest, and suddenly it was feb 23th"
,Recommended,219990,21522815,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Rakarsis,Solid ARPG. Has improved tenfold since since its beta days. Combat feels much more smooth and is now up to par with Diablo 3.
76561198086912059,Recommended,219990,21522104,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,OmegaSeal,ยกให้เป็นเกมส์ดีเกมส์นึงเลยครับสำหรับคนชอบแนวนี้ ยิ่งใครเป็นแฟนของ titan quest มาก่อนยิ่งแนะนำเลย แม้หลายส่วนจะคล้ายๆกันแต่ปรับระบบให้เล่นได้ง่ายมากขึ้น ในส่วนกราฟฟิกก็สวยกว่า TQ ในระดับหนึ่ง ระบบการเล่นออาชีพใครเล่น TQ มาก่อนก็คงจะเข้าใจดีกับนะบบผสมอาชีพได้หลากหลายมากครับแนะนำว่าคุ้มค่าคุ้มราคาแน่นอน ยิ่งใครซื้อสมัยเป็น early access ได้เล่นกันมานานเลยทีเดียว (ถือเป็นเกมส์นึงที่เริ่มจาก early access และอยู่ในช่วงนี้นานพอสมควสร แต่ก็ออกมาเป็นเกมส์เต็มตัวได้ครับ)
76561198025410910,Recommended,219990,21542817,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Junior,Great game! Worth the buck!
,Recommended,219990,21543269,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Spicy Itialian,It's like Diablo II and TitanQuest had a baby and that baby is a total badass.
76561197963071350,Recommended,219990,21540108,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[Oms!]Divine*,"Overall 8/10IMO the biggest pro is the build variations. Great build depth. Even the same class combinations can be played with vastly different builds. Like Titan Quest it is more slow paced than other ARPG's, but that doesn't feel like a con to me tbh. I actually like it being more RPG'y pacewise... If you liked TQ or you're just an ARPG fan... Just get it.Hoping for an amazing expansion in the future to make the 8/10 a 9/10 or maybe even higher :)It's still a great ARPG, and more than worth it's price."
,Recommended,219990,21537620,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,elseer,"AS others have said if you like ARPGs like the Diablo, divinity, Path of Exile, SAcred etc youll love this game. One thing to note is how comparitvly stable this game is.  You see I've flipped it to the background, let it run over night several time etc and it just wont crash. That all said, there are few negatives -- basically this game is the successor to Titan Quest. If you hated titan Quest, youll hate this. So There it is, Now go and buy htis game !"
76561198069415884,Recommended,219990,21539869,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,FOO JIA LUN,"Much better than path of exile but,cuz this is early excess so...for now,content wise,path of exile wins and another issue is lag..sometimes???i'm playing single player on gtx 970 i have no idea how....?"
,Recommended,219990,21557713,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Attredies,"I'm only level 16 so far but I'm loving it!  it's titan quest mixed with diablo and I couldn't be happier so far, and I've barely scratched the surface"
76561198056173068,Recommended,219990,21778662,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,StormRavin,"Game is great, Literally what Diablo 3 should have been, This game has it all, weapons, loot, lore. Everything. Get it, play it, love it!"
76561198037082791,Recommended,219990,21781544,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Portice,It's what Diablo 3 should have been. Nuff said.
,Recommended,219990,12358743,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Kev@n,"A classical arpg, like Titan Quest Torchlight or Sacred 2, single player with coop (local saves, obviously), isometric view.Good gameplay and setting, Good community.It's quite a long time it's been developed, but the result is really really enjoyable.If you're a arpg fan, buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198047717419,Recommended,219990,21728005,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,kero kero bonito,play this game in between PoE talisman and d3 seasons. really good for scratching your arpg itch
76561197998470081,Recommended,219990,30724974,Posted: 25 March,all,Zamster,"Definitely a great game, with a nice world to explore and lots of loot to find. The only thing I feel is a bit lacking is the feeling you get when using your spells, D3 (and D2) gave a bit more satisfaction playing as a sorceress.Upcoming patch/expansion will include skill modifiers on loot which should increase the diversity a bit."
76561198065937188,Recommended,219990,21655093,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,daLiquidBoss,"Pretty much a Diablo clone. No character customization, you're either male or female. Lots to explore. Six classes to choose from. Tired of recycled dungeon crawlers but this game is worth a try for $25 bucks. Not completely impressed but Fallout 4 has become boring now so will probably play at least one play through.Edit* Since my first review I wanted to change my recommendation to Yes. Most of what I have said remains true. Some really cool armor pieces that glow and you can select two classes to make a hybrid. Loot drop is alright. Crafting is a bit confusing and crafting drops annoyingly slow. As a work in progress I would say worth it for $25!"
76561198098796841,Recommended,219990,21816678,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,(412) scgideon,Top of the line point and click kill game. very customizable characters. 2 classes per character helps for uniqueness and immersion.
76561198002954838,Recommended,219990,21816764,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,splat-da-bunny,"Very much like Titan Quest, fast , fun and furious and an easy way to loose a few hours."
76561197969849409,Recommended,219990,21839095,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Kaelside,"I didn't realize I finished it.... Just wondered why I was running out of quests :(Rad game, the narrative could use a little bit of work but it's well thought out. Game is so much like Diablo II that I honestly forgot that I was playing Grim Dawn. Lotsa funzies."
,Recommended,219990,21839350,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Elli,The best ARPG ever since D2:LOD
,Recommended,219990,21742358,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Lynxxyarly,"This game scratches the itch that only diablo 2 could have done. This game has fantastic atmopshere, great music - and most importanly a glorious hack n slash experience that's being delivered. Suffice it to say: This is the game diablo 3 should have been."
,Recommended,219990,21733279,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Winter Soldier,"good stuff, beat the game at almost half way through the level cap though so :)"
76561197970523305,Recommended,219990,21807351,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,hadders,"good dungeon crawler, decent storyline..."
,Recommended,219990,21867857,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,AlphaRage,"This game certainly leaves a mark as a very good ARPG. It's refreshing to see a new game of this kind since there aren't too many of them. Some people argue it is good because it feels very oldschool and delivers nostalgia, but I however never really played the older ARPGs. I still find this being a very well done game for other reasons of course.I played loads of Diablo 3 and after the magic of the season is over you have to wait 3 months to be able to give new content a shot. Which is not a bad thing, but meanwhile I was looking for other titles. Grim Dawn was perfect in time so I tried it and it was worth it.Story: It has a very atmospheric story and gives you the feeling of being in the Grim Dawn right away. The human-like enemies and other abominations that invade the once peaceful Cairn suit the environment that is rotten and dark pretty well. The music goes hand in hand with this, being quiet when it has to, but always kind of threatening. The main questline tries to give you a feeling of being a hero in that universe driving you forward to kill more bounties and face the last challenge in the end. It couldn't be promising alone if there weren't any side quests. There are some, most of them are quests by completely unimportant people who met a tragic fate which is usual in Grim Dawn and need help which means 'go kill x / bring me y'. The quests are all in all not too much of a convincing positive about the game as you are pretty quickly done with all of them and there isn't much variety but the themes of them suit the style of the game very well. There is also a faction system where you can see your standing with all the factions in the game and see what rewards they offer if you gain positive or negative reputation. By that you gain some special tasks or unlock more enemies.Gameplay: There are six classes. You can pick a combination of two of them giving you a full 21 ways of playing and skilling your characters. It's really much to handle but it's good. The classes seem to be balanced so there is not one OP combo you go through the game with. It also empathizes building combinations for group play. Also you get a huge system for picking passive skills called Devotion. It does a lot for your character but picking the right skills can be hard since the variety is so huge. The controls (keyboard and mouse) feel very well, so no problem with that. You get some customization of gameplay elements in the settings menu which is also nice to have.Leveling and endgame: Arguably one of the most important reasons you play ARPGs and RPGs in general for is the leveling and skilling process. In Grim Dawn the focus was laid on the leveling part rather than the endgame part I would say. Leveling feels rewarding with every level up making you stronger when you can kill boss x after your level up because you can wear the new armor. You goal is to play through the game three times. The first playthrough gives you the option to switch on Veteran mode which makes monster difficulty higher but gives you more loot. The second giving you some preparation for the last one as it can bevery tough and the last one being your 'Ultimate' goal. You will most likely reach max level on the way through Ultimate (the highest difficulty) and you may have to farm at some point because your character cannot kill the next boss. The endgame after it feels pretty dull however. There will be more to come to make it better (Survival mode and modding tools) but it isn't here yet. Basically when you're done with ultimate you are left with farming gear as usual in a ARPG. However the build you choose while leveling is most likely the one you will play with in endgame. Reassigning skill points and devotion points is expensive and reassigning attribute points isn't possible at all leaving you with little chance to test all the builds for your class in a quick fashion. Finding legendaries is the main goal of the endgame and they don't drop so often. In fact they are very rare but you basically need them to play your endgame build. So all you do is try and find one or all at the best to maximize your character. The way you do this however can be very numbing at some point. You basically have to farm the areas you already completed three or more times without there being much randomness. The games map, overworld and dungeons are all completely drawn by hand. It gives every area a unique look. But It's up to you if you like going through the same stuff again and again.Hardcore: You can play hardcore (permadeath) mode in this game very well. There are no moments where you can get one shot by something you couldn't really expect. So planning and carefully playing actually rewards you pretty well here. There are also no server lags that can kill you. I exclusively played hardcore in Grim Dawn and I loved the thrill of it.The fact that you can actually compare this game to games like Diablo 3 and Path of Exile and find valid points where this game may be better shows what this 10-man dev team has done and why it's worth giving it a shot.I will edit this when I feel there is some change needed."
76561197999222608,Recommended,219990,21867152,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,bunjog,"Fantastic game! A very cool, and complex, class system with fun combat and setting."
76561198128028717,Recommended,219990,21885727,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Avengerz,"If you have played Titan Quest long enough you will know that this game reuse a lot of design from Titan Quest especially in the skill System. I have only played about 8 hours but the similarity is too uncanny, for example I have tried to play as a demolitonist, I couldn't help but feel the Fire Strike tree is basically a modified Markmanship in Hunting Skill tree Titan Quest. And when I play Night Blade, the dual wield skill tree is basically a modified Dual Wield from Warfare skill tree.While Grim Dawn has a lot of improvement in the game engine and physic and etc, I still feel that it lack the epicness from Titan Quest.But overall Grim Dawn is still a good game to be played on its own."
,Recommended,219990,21877178,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Goldseeker,The game is good.
76561198012481611,Recommended,219990,21898786,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Ruin,"If you like Diablo you'll like this. Runs geat 21:9 supported. Well worth the money for 40+ hours of gameplay. Dont expect a plot/story, its a really nice looking ARPG, combat is as good as Diablo and you have a lot more choice with your character build."
,Recommended,219990,21898566,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,fwanahalf,"At the time of writing this I have played 12 hours, and I've only just barely scratched the surface.  The character building system is deep and allows for massive customization.  Hours can go into the main story quests, reputation grinds, gear hunting, and exploration."
76561198079319582,Recommended,219990,21874994,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Gulza,"tremendo juego, hace tanto tiempo que no estaba tan enviciado. incluso sigo la historia y leo las paginas del Lore jaja. muy muy entretenido, recomendado 100%, ademas no cuesta mucho, por lo que vale cada peso que pagues.:)"
,Recommended,219990,21888378,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Morbus,This game is how Diablo 3 should have been. The price is also low compared to all the new games that costs around 50-60 euro.
,Recommended,219990,21878774,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Cluex,"Wow, I think I like this more than Diablo 2."
76561198025373389,Recommended,219990,21881618,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,charlesanansi,Grim Dawn is awesome.  Diablo III eat your heart out.
76561197993979564,Recommended,219990,21881690,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Shaven Yak,This game takes the best of every great ARPG and rolls it into on single amazing gaming experience for $20. If you not playing this you're ♥♥♥♥ing up.
76561197985679061,Recommended,219990,21881707,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,angstseed,"The true spiritual successor to Diablo 2.This has a story, sort of.  But you won't care.  You'll be too busy leaving piles of dead things in your wake."
,Recommended,219990,21871422,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,17,"Best game i ever play,Diablo 3 should be like thisgame 10/10Good graphic! :)"
76561198006202965,Recommended,219990,21871748,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Greegletron,Nice old style diablo/titan quest.  New setting.  Amazing.
76561197988886178,Recommended,219990,21882425,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,xombie710,Very Good.
76561198120330536,Recommended,219990,21879906,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,BroliSenpai,"Very good game, haven't played much yet but the story feels pretty nice. I agree with people saying it is what Diablo 3 should have been, unfortunately.. If you like Path of Exile/Diablo etc this game is definitely for you. It also has that end of the world dark souls feel, probably the music but whatever still nice!"
,Recommended,219990,21880185,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,kosmatpd,"So far played 5 hrs or so and love it ;-) Love the dark theme, the monsters, weapons, abilities etc. It is addictive and not too easy or too hard playing on normal level. Graphics are kick♥♥♥♥♥and the game looks awesome. I did have some trouble setting it up to run smoothly on 2 x GTX980Ti in SLI: had to go full screen borderless and turn OFF V-synch as well under SLI profile set it to “Force alt frame rendering 2”. Now the game runs like a charm getting frames above FPS 70 at 3840 x 2160 on UHD TV. Any other settings caused it to drop frames and run poorly so I am figuring the game still needs some optimization. I was playing Diablo 3 on and off, got half way and just stopped, couldn’t take it anymore, it did NOT get any better.  Grim Dawn blows AWAY Diablo 3, better play, interesting, graphics, 3d rotation, animation, mood etc. So for now I highly recommend this action RPG ;-)"
76561198008232540,Recommended,219990,21830447,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Emma Watson,"It took about 32 hours to complete the game on the first difficulty, the game had no clear separation of ""acts"" if that's what you can call them. As someone that skips all the story in every game I have ever played, there was not enough forced story. For exaple cut scenes, or boss enterences,The Final boss was not hard and not that hyped for being the final boss. Diablo and titan quest are game that I have played similar to this game. While they are different they had greater feeling when the game was finnish. Cut scenes, credits at the end of the last boss. More bells and whistles indicating new difficulties unlocked. Even different music at each ""boss"", ""boss"" because at this point bosses die before I even knew they were a boss.The same music at every boss just seams lazy... There are some awesome thing about this game, I will keep playing and enjoy it, but some things could have made this game one of my favourite games."
76561198056691298,Recommended,219990,21830960,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,I AM THE SENATE,"A very fun game for the price, and it kinda reminds me of Diablo II. A must have for any Hack-n-slash lover!"
76561198037862274,Recommended,219990,21864183,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,bluefreedom2608,"Remind me Diablo II, great rpg game comes in cheap price. Buy it or regret it."
76561198032654957,Recommended,219990,21863469,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Seyren 'Denton' Windsor,"It's polished at what it does. Though the animations are a tad clunky, the loot mechanics and build diversity offers a greal deal to work with."
76561197991324757,Recommended,219990,21863792,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Roflmiaus,10/10 would farm SoT like a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥ again
76561197970500682,Recommended,219990,21859179,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Moo,"Grim Dawn pulls the best parts of Diablo 2, Nox, Sacred, Torchlight, and path of exile and turns it into one customizable OFFLINE game.This will scratch your ARPG itch. CLICKITY CLACK!"
76561197976332220,Recommended,219990,21859647,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Baxna,"A dark setting, cultists and demons abound!  Gameplay is familiar to anyone whos ever played any action RPG, story is fairly well done, gives an incentive to keep moving.  The class system is the same system used for Titans Quest, with slight variation.  Choose a class on first level up, then a secondary at level ten,  making a fairly wide selection of builds possible.  Crafting is done well enough, but isn't groundbreaking by any means.  The ""choice and consequence"" touted in the description doesn't really affect the story, it's a psudo-choices, do you belive this man when he say he's innocent? do you talk him down if he's aggressive? do you kill him outright? He doesn't matter in the slightest, do whatever you like.  There's only one choice that matter for factional gear rewards as far as I can tell.  Which brings me to the factions, a neat addition and take on this kind of system.  Every monster you kill, every quest you complete etc will give faction with one or more factions, enemies hate you more, friends like you more.  The higher your faction gets with friends, you guessed it, new rewards to buy from their quartermaster.  The more your enemies hate you, and this is the neat part,  the harder they try to kill you.  More mobs spawn, more champions spawn, eventually up to nemisis class enemies. haven't fought any of those yet.  All in all, a fine game, well worth the price if you like dungeon crawlers with some character to them."
,Recommended,219990,21861171,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,rukey,"wow, what a great game.  Love the aspect how everything is put into rarity groups which i love about these type of games. Now i wait for friends to purchase this awesome game so we can play online!"
76561198013020221,Recommended,219990,21840179,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Kjas,A lot like Diablo and Van Helsing.  Bad guys drop loot that sometimes makes it hard to target their friends since the computer thinks you want to pick up the loot instead of killing the rest of the mob. It warns you if you are getting in over your head which is nice. Over all I like it.
76561197975553831,Recommended,219990,21803284,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Biomass,"Fun massive but a basic RPG if you like to explore and trying to find that legendery item, then this game is for you. Lots of combos to pick and choose."
76561197971816175,Recommended,219990,21847270,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Tony Eccles,Superb ARPG. 150 hours in and I feel like I've only scratched the surface.
76561197992751123,Recommended,219990,21845224,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Scarecrow31,Every bit a triumphant successor to Titan Quest.  Engrossing and fun. Money well spent
76561198081585657,Recommended,219990,21846516,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Share Cookie,"Great fun to play solo or group with some friends. Can be challenging at times, especially in the higher difficulties but there are many resources to help with that such as the GD forums or reddit. Would highly recommend to anyone who enjoyed titan quest or diablo 2."
76561198055251874,Recommended,219990,21945268,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Biff Fargo,"My recommendation for this game is two-fold.  It's an amazingly in-depth game, but the leveling can be brutally slow from level 30+.  The level cap is currently 85, so you can imagine how grindy it can be.  Every class and spec is unique, but this game tends to lean towards certain spec's as overall powerhouses.  If you can pick this game up while it's on sale, by all means try it.  If you enjoyed dungeon crawlers such as Diablo, then you're sure to love this game.  The gearing system in this game is quite extensive.  Overall a good game.  Not the best, but certainly deserves kudos for the overall developement.  3.5/5 rating."
76561197964441270,Recommended,219990,21946427,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Baka Panty,Anders you should play
76561198052855169,Recommended,219990,21947377,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Katos,"Great Game, lots of replay value with the class combinations. Must have for Titan Quest fans :)"
76561197971756934,Recommended,219990,21949272,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,croasdell,Great Game!!
76561198078993974,Recommended,219990,21949811,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,dans98764,"very addictive and alot of fun, ton's of customization options, the multiplayer works great too"
76561198150274551,Recommended,219990,17276040,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,...and a voice was screaming...,"I played all the way through to the end of Act 3 with 2 builds which are essentially polar opposites;  Soldier and Arcanist.The 2 classes play very differently and make the experience extremely different. The gameplay is definitely fun and interesting, and challenging in many areas depending on your characters strengths and weaknesses.A work in progress, but definitely provides alot of playtime and builds to try and huge areas to explore. Definitely worthy.There are a few things I'd like to mention. Maybe because it's early access and subject to revision, however, I doubt any of my concerns would ever be listened to. So, whatever, I just have to ♥♥♥♥♥ a little, because these little annoyances really bugged me, but I honestly feel that some changes can really improve the game. They are not game-breaking issues, but they are there, so....The visuals are outstanding for the most part. I have some gripes about some areas visibility. Outdoors is really nice and richly detailed and this can cause objects and characters to actually be somewhat camouflaged in the environment. It can be a little frustrating, to get attacked at range by enemies you can't see. It is somewhat exacerbated by the transparency on some of the overhead objects such as tress and roofs. In many situations overhead objects go semi-transparent and this creates an extra layer of occlusion to the view of the battlefield or an area you're exploring. Personally, I would prefer overhead objects to just go full transparent when they are obstructing the view.Large open areas during the day look great, and at night there is a bit of ambient lighting that keeps areas outside the light radius from becoming pitch black. However, interiors are painfully pitch dark outside of the light radius, which is usually quite small as most gear doesn't come with any light radius modifiers and those that do will probably end up getting you killed. The darkness is most likely both an aesthetic and gameplay element used to create both mood and enhance tension in the gameplay, yet for me it is extremely frustrating to get shot at in the dark by enemies in the dark and search for them in the dark with the mouse. It feels stifling and tightens the viewable area of the screen significantly to an already dark game visually. I'd love to have some ambient lighting indoors or more gear with light radius modifiers. I don't think that it is a necessary design element for this game. The view is already restrictive as a fixed top-down perspective. I already hate tight spaces and this game just really makes me feel cramped and clausterophobic in those areas. and considering how much work went into the visuals and effects it's rather a shame to have so many areas so incredibly dark.Despite all that, I really enjoyed this game. It's like potato chips.Update:I originally reviewed this game in early access above with 79 hours total play time in July, 2015, and hadn't played since then until final release. I've now played 167 hours total and feel like I can continue the review.This game is huge. The map is huge. The loot, monsters, environments and details are really quality. It's really a huge and massive game. Yes, we're all going to compare it to THAT game. The only reason I'd even look for a game like this is because I've seriously played THAT game. It starts with a ""D"" and ends with a ""2"". While it's really quite different it is also very similar. It works is the bottom line. The skills, classes, equipment, attributes, are relevant and work. Challenging, but that's part of the gear game. I even feel that they added a lot of interesting elements to the gear such as granted skills. These may not seem like much, but they really make things interesting for me, and are extremely useful and very handy as having auxiliary attacks can boost your damage output significantly, or an added aura can help in various ways.My new build is an Occultist and I have to say, it's my most powerful build yet. It plays vastly differently than my other 2 builds of a Soldier and an Arcanist. I can only imagine the possibilities of mixing these things eventually. Gameplay is really fun.In my original review I mentioned certain gripes I had regarding overhead object transparency and visibility and various other things like that. (See above). Surprisingly, they did precisely as I suggested in my review. I don't know how they arrived at that solution, but overhead objects for the most part do not appear semi-transparent, they simply vanish to invisible, which makes the whole experience so much better. Also, there are many notable visual improvements, which appear to be shaders and texture improvements most likely normal, specular, bump maps. The visuals are stunning and superbly crafted, with many exceptional effects (I don't believe I've ever seen nicer fire effects). Performance is also optimized.While the music is actually good, it does tend to get repetitive. However, the ambient sound effects work really well.The voice acting is good where available and it actually makes the story more engaging. The lore is really good, very well written. Better than expected and when you put it all together it is immersive.It's easily 100 hours or more worth on a full playthrough. Many hundreds more if you like experimenting or want to go for the harder challenges.It's an evolution of the genre, in my opinion."
76561198009592589,Recommended,219990,21871214,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,xeno,"For me, GD is about building a character.  The diversity in the skill trees is wide; there are a million ways to bork up your hero.  I hugely enjoyed calculating out the build and highly recommend the game to anyone who like  building characters.*I know of no better game for character builders.*recommend but a few quibbles.  The enemies are either bosses or you hardly notice most of them.  Once you've learnt your strategy, it's quite repetitive.  How you play each combat doesn't seem to depend on the placement of enemies or their number.  The only variation was drinking the odd potion.I fell in love with the game even to the extent of putting numbers intpo a spreadsheet to calculate the build (never wanted to do that before!); but after a month it went stone-cold on me.  But not before I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,219990,21877381,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,n00bshr00m,"A game that almost gave me an addiction. I've only played Diablo 3 and this is really similar to it even though I like this more. You can pick either male or female character but can't customize his/her looks but it's okay because there is tons of loot (weapons, armor etc.) to collect and they give your character an unique look. When creating a character you can combine two different classes so it gives you more powers to use. The Skill tree is simple to use and gaining levels is pretty fast. It was a surprise that the soundtrack is little different than usually in this type of games and I have no idea but it resembled of Silent Hill's music which is awesome."
,Recommended,219990,22652247,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,SORAXIUM,Most satisfying Loot game i have played. Very nice portal system that makes jumping around fun.Pros+ well made loot system+ Cool enemies to fight+ Map design is awesome.+Extremely fun to playcons-soundtracks kinda lame- 6 hours in and the story is not that immersive but its only the beginning so i have standard kill X monster quests- Quest markers kinda sucks sometimes. Most of the time i just kill random stuff and stumble upon things i need for quests.
76561198049323278,Recommended,219990,22662060,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Th3G00n3r,"Not really played games like this before, but really enjoying it, definitely worth a try even if this kind of top down point and click kind of RPG is not your normal type of goto game.Recommended :)"
76561198005663668,Recommended,219990,22665851,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Rich,Great ARPG in the tradition of DIablo.  It's what Diablo 3 should have been.  Great combat and loot depth.
76561198118344428,Recommended,219990,30676565,Posted: 22 March,all,Ness,"I just feel Grim Dawn is one of the most well done dungeon crawlers I have ever played and the added modding and mod capability is impressive!Get a friend, or 4, and have endless hours of fun. Unlike other games you dont need the top top top tier gears for everything, but when you get them its a joyful experience."
76561198209202616,Recommended,219990,22730894,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,spheise,20 hours in....this is the best ARPG since Diablo II.  Period.
76561198030920805,Recommended,219990,22729711,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,gws5597,Excellent game. Easily right up there alongside Torchlight 2.
76561198296967319,Recommended,219990,22730340,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Steerpike.676,"Great game, very engaging and well put together."
,Recommended,219990,22763852,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Dr Seventies,"The game is fantastic.  The matchmaking leaves a lot to be desired and there are numerous bugs, but it's still the most fun I've had since Diablo II."
76561197992224591,Recommended,219990,22795614,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,[WBB]Sp@ceweed,I can say one thing about this game . It's good if u like Hack and slash games. Lot of things to do. Everything is o.k in this game. I have play some hrs now and it still not boring. (4now :-))
76561198246096828,Recommended,219990,20055524,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,KrakenOG,"RATED 7.5/10Like Diablo 3, but a bit better.Great game - worth a go for every gamer!"
,Recommended,219990,22985415,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Altx,"Slightly more polished Titan Quest. Good game for 100 hours gameplay, Past that mark you will either have to fall in love with the game or you will stop playing.I find problematic the fact of fixed layout for zones with randomly placed road blocks which makes you choose other path from time to time. But otherwise it's still the same. Going trhough 3 dificulties becomes kinda borring. I guess it is a price for more polished graphics and posibility to rotate camera.Another thing i don't like is the itemization. Probably too many stats to my taste (was also in TQ). Charbound / soulbound items and crafting mats is also pretty annoying, which made me give up on re-leveling new char again, because of reputation reset and crafting mats reset.Also i don't like speed cap and mob lvl scaling.But there is hope, because mods can actually fix a lot of things i don't like. Except the necesity to go through game 2 times to unlock ultimate. Useless skills will get eventually modified which will increase limited build variety. But it will require quite a lot of time and active modding scene. So far it is 2 weeks since release of the toolkit, there are already some decent mods outhere, but there is potential for bigger overhaul.SummaryPros- great graphics- different game pace compared to some other ARPGs on the market- 1st playthough (50-100 hours)- modding sceneCons- fixed layouts- 3 difficulties you have to go though- soulbound items and crafting mats- many ""useless"" skills and stats with weird itemization and invisible effectDespite the many things i don't like, i find Grim Dawn to be a great game for 25€. After some time there might be even bigger reason to pick up Grim Dawn because of the modding comunity."
76561197990251458,Recommended,219990,19934199,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,K4L1.exe,if Diablo 3 is too casual for you try Grim Dawn
76561198068167796,Recommended,219990,19557708,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,xSlayeRx,"Well, I took a chance. Bought an early access game based on reviews and some gameplay videos. Looked promising, Well, 38 hours and 2 weeks later I'm still fiending for more.Edit- this game can be rather addicting. Final product to be released soon, can't wait!Edit 2- ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game."
,Recommended,219990,20890424,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Rocinante (darkcell),"I played it through once and ended at lvl 47.  I did find the game fun, but I didn't like the skill trees.  Well, I did like them...sort of.  I like the lay out, how you lvl the points and choose skills, and the dual class system.  But you punish yourself if you dont invest heavily in 1-3 skill.  I was trying to build a hybrid dual melee with mage elements (duelist + occultist= witch hunter).  I have some points here and some points there, kind of neccessary for a hybrid.  I wasn't having a hard time, but then I played with the skill points and respced....omg what a difference.  I put all my points into about 2 skills and the leftovers into somethign else....1 shoting these with ease.  theres so many cool skills in the game, but you get punished if you try to do any sort of hybrid build it seems.  But hey, I got 45+ hours of fun.  I won't be playing throught the next 2 difficulties I unlocked for  while because I'm kinda worn out with the game and the story is just kinda my (I clicked throuugha  lot of it).  But still, for 25$, its a great deal."
,Recommended,219990,20858186,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Demlar,"This is a very well put together game, giving a taking on things all players have desired for some time. It also does not hold your hand. They don't give you everything on a silver platter. I highly recommend this game."
76561198022593743,Recommended,219990,9328996,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Teofel,Great game killing diablo 3 with grenade and couple of big guns.
,Recommended,219990,20882218,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Eclectic Dyslexic,"Has a few bugs still, especially in the net code, but the gameplay is so satisfying... I recommend getting a few friends together and just playing aimlessly. Some of the game mechanics appear really complex at first glance, but there is a thriving community which makes learning everything about the game great fun.Also, protip... turn corpse persistence all the way up."
76561198039298497,Recommended,219990,30690455,Posted: 23 March,all,jackysniper22,"Great replayability and customisation. Can playthrough multiple times with different skill sets. Maybe a bit of a grind for some but enjoying it so far. Better than D2, PoE, or T2."
76561197979423816,Recommended,219990,30698866,Posted: 23 March,all,Where's my AGE?,"This is a great game and I enjoy it.  The combat is simple yet challenging.  This game requires skill and patience, and doesn't rely too much on gear as a game like Diablo 3 does.  It's more complex than Diablo 3 and more fun than PoE.  I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,219990,21108786,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Kalininator,rate it a 5/7 Keepo
,Recommended,219990,21492254,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,iam zpeshul!,still stuck at choosing a second class
76561198042442199,Recommended,219990,21501343,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Cyberbard,"I've only managed to play for a couple of hours so far, but the game is excellent. While there are minor flaws that remind you of its indie status and relatively low budget (such as graphics and animations not necessarily keeping AAA-quality), these are quickly forgotten when you realize what a great game this is.The setting is immersive and the narrative so far outstanding. The general mood and atmosphere of the game is very reminiscent of Diablo 2, which is quite welcome considering how lacking Diablo 3 was in this department.I truly like the depth of character development, from skill trees to gear progression and beyond.Fantastic game, highly recommended!"
76561197993423560,Recommended,219990,21498544,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Vivre,"Just finished first playthrough, managed not to die in story mode, unlocking elite, and died 15 minutes later in Bastion trying to complete a faction quest.I feel that game has lot of replayability for the fact that you get neat items for other build specializations and classes varietate much from each other.Next character I try to play online as much as possible to see what it's like."
,Recommended,219990,21500656,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Frihed,"10/2, must buy."
76561198022016432,Recommended,219990,21497463,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,weertangel,"In the A-RPG genre, its been hard the last few years to find good games that keep u interested as much as Grim Dawn will do for u :)Made by some of the creators of the Titan Quest series(only 10 people) this game is its spirtual successor, and then some!GD plays in a fantasy apocalyptic setting where the world has just ended(more or less) when it got invaded by the Aetherials, spiritlike beings that posses humans and see them little more as sheep.As a player, u wake up at the gallows(i kid u not)where u have been told that u were possesed by an Aetherial but it left u before u died, so the ppl of Devils Crossing decided they cut u loose and put u to work, couse  this is a world as Grim as it can get,since iron and and salt are more valuable then anything else and luxury does not exist anymore..The game uses 6 classes(Masteries) that u can choose from when u begin and u can take a 2nd one when u hit lvl 10 so there's more then eneugh build variation to choose from(or u stick to 1 class) and u'll need everything they offer to survive, so wether  u go for a melee heavy build with the Soldier and Nightblade or a caster focused build with the Arcanist and Occultist or blast enemies with fire and lightning with the Demolitionist and Shaman or a combination of all of them, its all up to u.The world itself looks amazingly vivid and colorful while dungeons show lot of care when it comes to small details.Unlike other games in the genre there is no random map generation but instead 1 big map that u can explore,And exploring pays off, trust me, the game has lots of secret area's that don't show up on the map or caves that switch locations to another area when u start a new session, as do roadblocks  making it inportant to not constantly look at the map when giong trough an area.The game also has an exstensive Faction system where u can become friendly with many surviving factions by diong quests for them and unlocking gear and acces to new area's while the enemy factions will send more enemies at u the more hated u become till u even get unique bosses after u(Nemesis).The skill system will be familiar for anyone who played D2 or TQ and it has an exstra layer with the Devotion system,a exstra system where u can spend points on giant constellations by restoring the ruined shrines of the gods that u find all over the world.And while i love this game with all its fun stuff and cool loot there are a few things that i hope they will inprove on, like the rather small stash u have access considering the huge amount of items u find that are worth keeping onto for other builds.Another thing that sometimes bothers me is that fights can be so hectic couse of the big spell effects that u sometimes won't be able to see a thing since all the aura's and explosions are so flashy!Being able to tune that down would be nice :)Aside from that this is a great game to waste the days away with and it even works offline(no online requirement at all!) so no worries about lag like with some other games i could mention ;)So if u like games with a great story, lots of build variation and great action, then look no further!!!For Grim Dawn is here!!!"
,Recommended,219990,21532212,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,coldash,"If you're a fan of Diable 2 or Titan Quest, you'll find a lot to like here. Saturday morning I came across this game, thought it sounded interesting at a good price. It's now Sunday and I've played it for 14hrs, and pretty enjoyable it's been."
,Recommended,219990,21530793,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Murphy's Law School,"Its great. 6.5 hours in and I cannot stop playing it. Very deep, Looks amazing and everything is smooth and fluid. Couldnt ask for more from this style of game at this price point. 9/10"
,Recommended,219990,21630782,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,kaziklu bey,the best there is
76561198012833363,Recommended,219990,27014684,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gorwazza,I got so many ghosts.........
76561198030252409,Recommended,219990,26990396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rainbowmilkshake,"If you are a fan of Action RPG's then you will enjoy the time sink that Grim Dawn requires. The game is slow in the beginning though still being fun. In the late game Elite-Ultimate difficulties this is where you can test out how your build is preforming. Grim Dawn has a unique system: Attribute points Physique,cunning,spirit otherwise known to some as Strength,Dexterity and Intellect.They have 6 different classes to pick from Shaman,Arcanist,Nightblade,Occultist,Demolitionist and Solider.Each character you create has the option to choose 2 different classes to combine into there ultimate character.There is also a Devotion skill point system, you must unlock shrines across the map to get a point you have a maximum of 50 points. It runs on a joint the dot basis, one point into a devotion object you unlock certain character traits you gain benefits from completing a devotion tree  you gain bonus points.To a new player of Action RPGs you are looking at around 100-200 hours of solid gameplay. To a veteran of the genre you are looking at around 50-100 hours before you decide to create a second character."
,Recommended,219990,26990449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,matc,What? It's 2am. Nevermind i'll play  for another 24 hours
76561197974670739,Recommended,219990,26993065,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cryptonic,I'm a huge Diablo fan and found this game a perfect fit in the Genre. It's a great hack and slash with a mix of crafting. The missions are well planned out and I didn't find the game too redundant. A solid buy to pass the time!!
,Recommended,219990,26989346,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,truegargoyle,This game breaths new life into the ARPG market.  This game can stand toe to toe with any of the Diablo series or Path of exile. It is a great game for solo players with a great varied ways nad levels of playing and the crafting i have to say is much better then any other ARPG out in the market. The only thing that I think they could have spent some more time on is making the mutliplayer a little bit more welllll multiplayer capable. Do not get me wrong it has multiplayer ability but it seems lacking compared to the solo player campaign. I always seem to come back to this one time and time again because of the replayability and the mixing of the classes.
,Recommended,219990,26988440,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Silent,Enjoying the new Crucible for short fun without having to scroll across the map hunting mobs. Mindless entertainment.
,Recommended,219990,26988676,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,reverseclipse,Each balance patch adds more and more to this game. I can't recommend it enough. A true Action RPG.
76561198128133575,Recommended,219990,20190821,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Maicon B,"AlthoughGrim Dawnis in Early Access, it's a great game. And the developers are making it better and better eachBuild/Patchthey release.In my opinion, it's one of the best ARPG's I've ever played. I'd recommend it. To be honest,Grim Dawnis a MUST for ARPG fans.10/10"
76561197993206771,Recommended,219990,26989720,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,carlosdxela,"I loved to play Titan Quest because of all the possible combinations with the double class selection. The developers for Titan Quest came up with a better and improved game. The gameplay has a faster rate that TQ, and you find a lot of loot quickly that can shape your build.I have played 100+ hours on Grim Dawn, got to level 50, but keep finding myself starting new games with different classes and different combinations. I can't keep myself from going back to this game. I want to start other games, but always fall back to Grim Dawn to get my gamig fix.Awesome game!"
76561198072189837,Recommended,219990,26984795,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Most HumblE,Great alternative to.....the other pricey game.... Very addictive gaqmeplay and rewarding loot grind. Hours of fun.
,Recommended,219990,26978133,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ohlaf,Pure genuine Action Rpg game ! Back to the basis that made ARPG fun and addictive.
,Recommended,219990,26978533,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Liquid ID,"Grim Dawn is an action RPG that borrows heavily from Titan Quest, but updates it with ideas from Path of Exile, Diablo 3, and other big names in the genre.  The end result is a game that has learned from the past and has its sights set on becoming an ideal ARPG.Numerous classes and hybrid classes to play, with a multitude of viable late-game builds.  The devotion tree (which should be somehwat familiar to Path of Exile players), a skill/perk system common to all classes, allows highly customizable builds - it can be used to provide synergies or defensive abilities,  or grant new skills and support effects.  There really is no excuse for a weak build.  Given this highly customizable setup, and a fair progression, making characters in Grim Dawn is awesome.  Altoholics beware.The action is decent, with a nice mix of single target and AoE effects.  There are opportunities for some tactical use of skills, as opposed to spamming a heavy hitting ability, but mostly you'll be building up a strength and just spamming it.  Numerous passive proc abilities keep the amount of frantic button pressing and cooldown timers to a minimum.  The action is mostly geared towards not being overwhelmed... kiting or tactical retreat are regular occurences in the face of some tough mobs.  Hero creatures can pose a problem and do an excellent job of slowing down the massacre and allowing you to focus on a 1v1 or 1v3 hero fight.  Action flows well and can get quite tense.  Classes play distinctly differently from each other, with some expected generic overlap between magic, ranged, and melee classes.Grim Dawn is also a loot grinder.  Good gear is peppered throughout, with some hidden or off-the-beaten path chests containing guaranteed valuable gear... just in case RNG is being unkind.  Each piece of gear alters the characters appearance and most look very good, even if you can't zoom in super close on your character.  The strongest gear is reserved for characters level 50+ (cap currently 85).Sounds great?  It is.  But what are somem of the flaws?  There really aren't that many, so I'll nitpick.Levelling can feel a little slow, especially after your first runthrough of the campaign.  You will be revisiting the same locations from campaign and just farming.  The maps do not change, so things get a little stale.  Thankfully the gear and challenge ramp up in further playthroughs on higher difficulties.The animations are a little stiff.  There is zero customization of your characters base appearance, which gets tiresome after you've made a few characters, but you'll eventually be geared up to the point of covering your dirt nasty face anyways.THe devotion system has vey little tutorial information considering the massive size and non-linear progression.  It can take quite a long time to get used to how the devotion system works, where particular perk/abilities are, and how to find your way through them.  Once it sinks in though, it's like a candy store.Given the price, this game is an absolute steal for ARPG fans.  On sale, it feels like stealing.  An alternate game mode called Crucile is avaialble as DLC to help break the monotony of campaign farming.  More DLC is ojn the way, including campaign expansions and hopefully new classes and gear.  I am more than happy with the base game, so the extra effort by the developer to expand and flesh out the game is absolutely fantastic."
76561197994856476,Recommended,219990,26981856,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bolverk,Fantastic hack'n'slash loot hoarder.
76561198055511364,Recommended,219990,27007746,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CharterOak,"I strongly recommend this game especially if you install the DAIL mod asap. You get to pick 2 of 6 classes to mix and match as you please. Each class has a bunch of interesting skill options, so mixing and matching them can make for really interesting builds.DAIL adds around 24 new classes to the origional 6 classes making for lots of potentially interesting build combinations  and replayability. As these classes are made by modders a few are not quite fully baked, but most are very well made. My preference for DAIL options is the full on grimmest version, which causes the game to have around 4x as many monsters to kill. This is especially fun since the game tends to specialize in hard hitting area effect skills. Seeing stuff just melt before you in truck loads or fly right off the screen is loads of fun...Don't be fooled though. While you do a lot of face melting in this game it still brings a lot of challenge. With that many monsters to kill, if you are not melting face you are likely in real trouble, so bring your A game.Oh... and one last thing... bringing friends just multiplies the fun in this game. So many interesing synergies."
,Recommended,219990,27007191,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Puppet Master,good fun
,Recommended,219990,26900060,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Khal Sagan 🚀,A must for ARPGs gamers. Period.
76561198001878976,Recommended,219990,26797801,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Turkish,"Solid arpg. Lots of build possibilitites. If you liked Titan Quest, Diablo, or other games like that, you should definitely give it a go."
,Recommended,219990,26799759,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Insane Gear,Grim Dawn > Diablo 3
76561198003066755,Recommended,219990,17806345,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,tomyson67,"One of the best and, without a doubt, one of the most stable Early Access titles on Steam. Playing Grim Dawn felt like I was playing a fully completed game even though it's only completed up through Act 3 as of now. I can't think of any bugs I ran into. This Early Access game is more stable and bug free than most other completed games on the market.Should you buy this game? Did you play and like Titan Quest? (You should cause its awesome, btw). Did you play and like Diablo 2? (not D3). Then you'll like this game too. Its like Titan Quest and D2 had a baby and named it Grim Dawn. Great hack-n-slash RPG. Cool skills, classic character building, and of course sweet loot. Highly recommended.Update: Been out of EA for a while now and its still awesome. Even better now I can play through the whole game. And it is a blast from start to finish. Definitely a recommend for hack n slash rpg fans."
,Recommended,219990,26798969,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CMK,"If you liked Titan Quest, you will love Grim Dawn too.It is a more polished Titan Quest from original creators.Worth every single cent. Great game"
76561198071436268,Recommended,219990,26858136,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Saunto,Best ARPG/Hack and Slash this decade
76561198148858932,Recommended,219990,26859853,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,groMor,If you are a fan of the Diablo series or Path of Exile I believe this game would be a good addition to your collection of arpgs
76561197976205469,Recommended,219990,26903311,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GNullme,"Great game, great devs. Early Access done right. If you are into ARPGs, you need to try it."
76561198010944268,Recommended,219990,26908067,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,H4mBu5h,I didnt have OCD before Now I do.....
,Recommended,219990,26905237,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kgdl,"Missed the kickstarter, paid full price - totally worth it."
,Recommended,219990,26911244,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doppleganger,gr8 diablo replacement
,Recommended,219990,26922139,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,khaosRemains,The best ARPG i have played in the last years.
,Recommended,219990,26926366,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ur Mommas Boyfriend,Truly the spiritual succesor of Titan Quest with some great new ideas to keep it fresh.
76561198280699539,Recommended,219990,21573994,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Datora,"As a fan of ARPG and played almost all of them, i must tell you that this game is not a Diablo clone, but an example how Diablo 4 should be. Yep, it's that great.So lets start with prons:- amazing graphics- classes- great customizations + combination- lot of loot!- exploration and quests- great timing with drops- secret walls (ha!)- cheapCons:- week story (but it's not so bad)- don't play on normal (too easy)- some bugs- need more scenery variationIt is ""must have"" for all ARPG lovers and people that love priceless ""Oho, an upgrade!"" moment.  ^_^P.S. So many hours playing and i still love this game same as the first time i saw it <3"
,Recommended,219990,26919836,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,▲peX The Estus Addict,solid HnS
76561198003699722,Recommended,219990,26921764,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Art Carney,Awesome game!
76561198040053829,Recommended,219990,26883313,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Notty,good
76561197962469213,Recommended,219990,27006008,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stealth,GOTY
76561198036607137,Recommended,219990,26976585,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheHoff,"Tried it out, it's pretty fun."
76561197984918230,Recommended,219990,26969883,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Monty! (Don't Slut Shame Me!),honestly worst every penny! if your a diablo fan this games for you!
,Recommended,219990,26767709,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DT-,"Awesome, really AWESOME.. Get ready for the new patch and add-on."
,Recommended,219990,26780060,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MolonLabe,Reminds me a lot of Titan quest
,Recommended,219990,26774819,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Damael,If you like Diablo type games this is one of the best out there my only slight issue is the lack of character customisation but its on slight.
76561198072942934,Recommended,219990,26777323,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phelfy,worth every penny
76561197970849026,Recommended,219990,26999535,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,warlok_,"This game has been entertaining me for a couple of years. Each update brings with it a new spin, new goals and new fun. Even if you finish the game, restart and try a different character path for more adventure and more fun with more equipment."
,Recommended,219990,27857944,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RVN. None Of This Matters,Love Diablo style games? Then GET THIS GAME!
76561198084203805,Recommended,219990,27859965,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FancyTigre,"fun game, lots of action, does get a bit repetitive. Much like D2 that we all wanted"
76561198043114302,Recommended,219990,27853573,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,seimei,Truly well done action RPG game. The hybrid of two class provides varieties of the builds and the devotion system gives you even more choice to compelete your build. Nice item system design as well. The game worth playing 100+ hours. Strongly recommend it.
76561197961153586,Recommended,219990,27867504,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Eddie Van Blundht,"Very fun hack and slash.  At times you'll get your butt kicked, then you'll get a new skill or item, or rebalance your skill allocations, and start kicking butt again.  I had a lot of fun strategizing and making the best with what I found on my own.Of course if you're an ""end game"" ""BiS"" ""min/max"" kind of person, you can do that too.  Personally I'll get to max level, beat the hardest difficulty, and put it away for a while.  Even 200 hours in I still have a ways to go."
,Recommended,219990,27855679,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AjaX*,"Awesome game!This is just what Diablo 3 should've been.Nice storyline, greate gameplay, awesome possibilities of builds.Very addictive!Recommended!"
76561197966679294,Recommended,219990,27601773,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PoorStork,Great D2 style game. Better than PoE.
,Recommended,219990,27602665,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DW,Mad legit! DO IT!
,Recommended,219990,27602809,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AfroZulu,Excellent game. My back is hurting from setting in the wrong position for a very long time. I literally lost track of time playing this game.  Must Play action here.
76561197982982831,Recommended,219990,27601308,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,rkivs,"Everything you want in an ARPG. Setting is disturbing. If you think this game might be for you, it is."
76561197988786874,Recommended,219990,27589517,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Disc,"This is a fantastic aRPG and blows Diablo 3 out of the water. So much more customisation and replayability. It's dark, it's Grim...Best of all, the Devs care!"
76561197996566024,Recommended,219990,27589791,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Filoulefou,Very good gamelove the way how we choose class
,Recommended,219990,27590850,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blazersnewhope,Diablo for people who don't want the watered down version of diablo 3
,Recommended,219990,27610250,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,One Thicc Bich,"it's good, i like it"
76561198058834319,Recommended,219990,27563206,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Heimdall,1
,Recommended,219990,27564621,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sidan,"Awsome ARPG, this is what Diablo 3 should be."
76561198041463966,Recommended,219990,27635369,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dettol,I have only played this game for an hour and i have really enjoyed. Highly recommended to players who have played Titan Quest.XD
,Recommended,219990,27667707,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Crnzqpty,A surprisingly good action RPG.
76561198119438849,Recommended,219990,27651235,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,llessur evol,"WAAAAAY TL:DR+If you like Diablo, Torchlight and even Fate for that matter, then I can honestly say you'll enjoy this game.+It has a great amount of lore to discover about the world. It also offers a varied way on the class system that is both unique while still feeling familiar.++LOTS of loot. You could say a minigun is shooting loot at you constantly.+++No class specific gear either!+Well worth a purchase.-Big Learning Curve if you want to be the absolute very best(mostly because of the vast amount of loot and some game mechanics not explained).-Some game mechanics not fully explained for newer players....++I explain them though ;)You can stop here because I go into great depth from here on out.I went into this game without knowing too much about it. All I knew really was that it had that ""Diablo-esque"" vibe to it and that's exactly what I wanted. ""Why not play Diablo then?"" you might be asking, and the honest truth is I didn't see it in the Steam store. That is in no way a diss to this game but I wanted an immersive world with similar gameplay elements from what I knew  Diablo would deliver.What can I tell you about Grim Dawn? It delivers that and so much more. I'm deeply immersed in the lore and I honestly feel bad when I make a decision that leads to the deaths of folks just trying to survive in the world.Rather then a pros and cons section I think I'll just include a ""things you need to know"" type deal and without any spoilers of course.Starting off, this game is very lore heavy. You'll find tidbits about pre and post ""Grim Dawn"" Cairn(the game world) ALL OVER. Enemies will drop pieces of lore. You'll find journal entries throughout the landscape telling you about various aspects from character motivations to heart pulling tales about the denizens as the ""Grim Dawn"" is happening.Most of all the game doesn't hold your hand with tutorials. They're always available through the Codex window and, you'll get the occasional quick tip about something you're doing in the top left corner of the game. Which is quick and you may miss if it you're not paying too close attention to that side of the screen. Which, unless you have minions, you have no need to look in that corner anyways. So pay attention to any tips the loading screen offers or you'll miss something important but I'll get into that later.The UI is very simplified, Health and Energy(some call it Mana, MP, SP, etc. this game just calls it energy) above some quick slots. A mini-map will be at the top right(you can turn it off for more immersion or if you truly want to lose yourself in the game map. And you have an active quest list right below that. That's all thats on your screen other than, like I said earlier, if you have Minions, then their HP/Energy is on the top right. You can UI Scale as well in the options to make these even less noticeable, not to mention you can toggle the map and quests for even less on the screen.Oh yeah I forgot to mention that the game's difficulty is in the top left as well. I suppose to let you know what difficulty you're playing on currently(you can adjust it from the main menu). This is one of those things I wish I knew about when starting the game. In games like these, I'm used to there being one difficulty and as you beat the game harder difficulties become unlocked. This game has two starting difficulties: Normal and Veteran. Me not knowing the exact difference of them I started on Normal because who wants to die on the first enemy because he's way too high level for you? But during one of the game's loading screens, I read that Normal is more geared towards players who have never played an ARPG before. I imediately switched to Veteran and IMEDIATELY noticed the difference. Enemies scale with you pretty well.     I haven't gone into an area and felt like it was just a grind(unless I was doing it on purpose) to get through the area and on to the next one. I honestly enjoy the fact that I can just die if I'm careless: from traps to the harder ""boss"" and ""hero"" monsters that spawn in randomly. And I mean random because I've fought 4 of them at a time before and that is a heart racer I tell you.Far from done. Continued in comments..."
76561197972305601,Recommended,219990,27702509,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,robertkwallace,Great ARPG with lots of style and substance.
76561197976275470,Recommended,219990,27687705,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Mighty Sherpa,Should only be played on Hard Core but I lack the time and patience for it.  *sigh*
,Recommended,219990,25236517,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,BigBossBalrog,Awesome game. Screw the tiny amount of haters
,Recommended,219990,25323872,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Världens Mästare,"Fine hack and slash game for a few hours. Devotion system is interesting, story is kinda meh."
76561198056367345,Recommended,219990,25321857,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,gg,best game ever.
76561198078484019,Recommended,219990,25557470,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MAXIMUM LoSeR,Great game. Simply put if you love games like Titan Quest and Diablo then this is a must have. A classic Action RPG as great as the mentioned games. Just as addicting. Only thing that would be nice is if they would add voice over for everything. Reading....so painful...
76561197967564655,Recommended,219990,25350126,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,SluggerFish,"Looking for a RPG that brings back the dark and gritty atmosphere of Diablo 2 and it looks great, look no further, a great addition to anyone's library who is a fan of looting, killing, and a ridiculous skill tree to make whatever kind of class you want, the game is definetly among my top favorite games to have come out in the past 10 years."
76561197971116718,Recommended,219990,25559715,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Sirian,"This game is a great spiritual successor to Diablo 2.It's bigger than Diablo 2, fixes several problems D2 had, lets you undo most skill selections at a cost (so you can experiment more safely). There are a LOT of skill combinations that are viable.The game is harder than Diablo 2, and ridiculously better than the flop that is Diablo 3.There are plenty of secrets to discover. There are factions to rep up with or against, both good and bad. (Negative rep with bad factions is an interesting twist!) There are repeatable side quests. Lots of zones scale up with your character, meaning you don't have to do things in the same order every time.There's even more good stuff to talk about, but if I haven't sold you yet, you're not an ARPG fan in the first place.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,219990,21671951,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Grendalin,"From the little bit I've played I already started to love this game. I bought it when it was in early access and waited to play more once it got out. The game itself flows well with the story and combat. I've never tried its multiplayer 'cause I'm a solo player when it comes to games like this. Anyways, I'd give this game a 9/10 overall from the little bit i've played. I'll edit this once I player a lot more of it."
76561198019303384,Recommended,219990,25639036,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Kasc,"worth every penny.Grim dawn is a good ARPG, packed with content and originals mechanics.The class system is very VERY flexible but will force you to roll a new character if you want to try a very different build.RNG is frustating since loots are not class locked. The differents places and overall setting of the game ""zombie appocalypse"" lack originality"
76561198054000182,Recommended,219990,25675763,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,AD//Killer,Awesome.
76561198011913543,Recommended,219990,25673262,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Kinetic,"Grim Dawn took it's sweet time getting to release and now to this stage. But good things come to those who wait and as time goes on, I have no doubts that Grim Dawn will continue to satisfy and impress ARPG fans for years to come. The price is very good for what it offers. It's nothing short of a MUST BUY for anyone who is looking for that loot hunting fix!If you're tired of D3 and PoE, Grim Dawn is the game you should definitely play!PS - Don't forget to turn up the graphics in the video settings. I run a 980 which is probalby overkill, but with everything maxed out in the settings, this game is actually very good looking!"
,Recommended,219990,25370204,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Patches,"For some reason I hadn't already recommended this game... It's a fantastic ARPG with plenty of build options (some are significantly better than others, though). Visually the game is solid and mechanically the game is everything you'd expect.I think the game's shortcomings are the uninteresting bosses and the fact that the ""named"" enemies don't stand out from the crowd. It's other issue is that the GFX feel slightly dated, but they're not bad.I look forward to seeing what gets added with future updates/DLC/expansions."
76561198023785211,Recommended,219990,25373414,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Galenmacil,"An excellent Action RPG with a satisfying combat system where you can send foes flying and/or see them explode in pieces and watch the debris react to the environment with believable physics! A rather deep game with lots of collectable items with variable rarities and effects, parts, crafting, boss and a dual classing mechanics coupled with a ""star chart"" where you can spend ""devotion"" points to unlock special skills and bonus effects, so there are many different ways to define your ""build"".+ Good gritty graphics with plenty of gore and excellent lighting/shadowing.+ You can rotate and zoom the camera.+ Complex crafting system.+ Four players PvP or PvE drop in, drop out internet or LAN multiplayer.+ Three and a half difficulty settings.+ Intense battles with several enemies. (sometimes > 30)+ Mods support.+ Reasonably priced.- You only have two avatars to choose from: male or female and you cannot change their initial appearence.- Sounds are okay but lack in diversity. Musics are totally non-memorable.- With maxed settings, game can be surprisingly demanding on the hardware.- Occasional hiccups and stutters when changing area.- Map is rather linear: This is not an open ended world where you have no restrictions.- Game does not respond to AutoHotkey at all. (I had to say it!)Overall, a solid title where the positive aspect surpasses the negative ones. If you like ARPG, you should not miss it!"
,Recommended,219990,25376608,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Spectrumpigg,"Are you looking for a game more akin to Diablo 2 than 3?Are you tired of the giant passive tree that constantly changes on Path of Exile?This game is for you!What I love about this game that it packs a wallop to the gameplay. Hits feel very satisfying and not floaty and there can be so many builds that it already trumps what Diablo 3 cannot do. There are some technical issues such as crashing here and there but I figured out that if you turn offALPHA TO COVERAGE and DETAIL TO OBJECTSit will make your life a lot easier with this game (when I turned them off, I haven't had any crashes). Other than the crashing issue, this game runs flawlessly.You can take my word for it, but this game as a lot of depth that Diablo 2 had and Diablo 3 has been missing and condenses the passive tree from Path of Exile. It is litterally if PoE and D2 had a child and this is what would become."
,Recommended,219990,25348454,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,notpat,Was looking for a 'diablo 2'-like game with up to date graphics. I (currently) have 52 hours on record and I am still on my first character. I have many more hours of play before I move on to a different game!
76561198001861579,Recommended,219990,23040438,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,kehmesis,"Great game.As a single player hack and slash, you can't really ask for more.It's unfortunate that the multiplayer option is trash.The beginning of the game can be somewhat confusing for a new player.  There's a LOT of stats of which to keep track.  Fortunately, they're not that important early on - so you can take your time understanding all the game's core concepts.  When you start understanding your character, the game gets really addicting.  Optimizing your gear, skills and devotion points is a joy.The best part for me is probably the progression.  The first playthrough is pretty easy, which is why the underlaying mechanics are not that important.  But later on, especially at Ultimate difficulty, the game is extremely challenging.  A lot of characters cannot finish the game simply by leveling up to level 85 (cap).  You need to find better gear and skill composition in order to beat the most difficult Bosses - or find interesting strategies to defeat them.Other than the (lack of) multiplayer option, the only problem with this game is that other ARPGs all seem extremely underwhelming.  All I'm thinking is ""This is not Grim Dawn."""
76561197992096052,Recommended,219990,23024713,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,RedHaze,Great game! Good spin to hack and slash!
76561198004391883,Recommended,219990,22980586,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,cutfrom,"I love it. It has been years since a game has taken so much of my time despite the demands of work, wife and children.I even find myself looking forward to expansions, new loot, and, as I play, the next level up and the perks that will come with it."
76561197979943032,Recommended,219990,23015085,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,RickyRockFish,"What a refreshing change to find a game modestly priced and deliver excellence.  I tend to get bored of most games quickely, this game is refreshing enough and deep enough to keep my interest for many hours so far, and many more I supose after.OVERALL: 9/10Pros:deep character development 10/10challenging gameplay beyond button mashing, deep strats and synergies. 10/10art work is well done, dark toned. 10/10voice acting for the most part is nice. 8/10interesting and unique spin on common aRPG elements. 9/10Story line and lore is solid. 9/10Cons:intro video is the worst thing about this game, it really does not give the game justice, looks rushed. 6/10"
76561198039315602,Recommended,219990,23022472,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Warfyr,"I played this game from alpha and it was amazing back then, now it is the best of its kind in class. Let me put it to you this way nerds, this is one of the few games my GIRLFRIEND (haha) will actually play with me and by her words ""I really like the class system"". This game and Divinity Original Sin are the best gf capable games of the year, they are interesting enough for hardcore stat researching nerds like myself and accessible enough for people who are not mechanically gifted with 0.004 response time on mouse and key.I rotate a lot among games depending on ""mood"" and when you are in the, I just wanna run around and smash a rediculous amount of monsters by myself or with a buddy, hack and slash loving, dungeon crawling, instant gratification having, loot collecting, OP build strategizing mindset..... boom... done... here it ♥♥♥♥ing is... The game is perfect in it genre and missing nothing from what you would want out of a HnS. To top it off, its cheap.Cross class capable system, mix and match, star signs, super rare loot, sharable chests between all characters, replay value is huge since harder modes give better loots on same character when done, decent story, great pace... If this is what you want buy this game and thank me later."
76561198059684481,Recommended,219990,22967466,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dr. Spanko,"I havent been playing very long, but i can already say that its one of my favorite games of all time. If you like Diablo and Torchlight, you'll absolutely LOVE this game"
,Recommended,219990,22966384,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Mikey,"Wonderful game, my first dive into an ARPG.  Super indepth with awesome graphics and kept me easily hooked until around level 80!"
,Recommended,219990,30708938,Posted: 24 March,all,tepes55,why are their no servers in this game? does anyone play this game anymore?
,Recommended,219990,25387398,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Kingtichat,This game worth every $ and even more. You liked Diablo and Path of Exile? Well this one wont disapoint you!!!
,Recommended,219990,25475832,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,YAMI♥쯔위♥모모,"Great game, if you're a fan of torchlight 2 or diablo then you're gonna love Grim Dawn. The singleplayer is awesome, but the multiplayer is even better. Even though there were some problems setting up a multiplayer server, mostly due to the UPnP, google helped a lot and after 10 minutes of trying, it works perfectly."
,Recommended,219990,25464191,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Wormri,"I've been thinking to review this game for a while now and now that I have the time, here's what I have to say:Grim Dawn is fun. It's an interesting concept, it plays like Titan's Quest and it allows you to make a branched out characters with a combination of different skills and abilities. It's satisfying to build your characters the way you want and beat different enemies, as well as seeing the different build you can create. There's much freedom to be had when planning your character.This game will appeal more to hardcore RPG fans, as I mentioned, Titan Quest, Diablo and Diablo 2 lovers will enjoy this game deeply, for me however it's a bit... confusing.You see, while I enjoy the mechanics of the game, I rarely really like long dialogue text boxes. When I play RPGs I mean to click through hordes of enemies while managing a set amount of skills and applying the items I feel will benefit me most. While this is no problem on it's own, this game isn't as player friendly as, say, Torchlight 2, Dungeon siege, or Skyrim. Rather than pointing you the right direction with markers, the game demands you to read through logs, compare items by switching them back and forth, and quite frankly, just forcing you to think for your self. I understand it's lazy of me to want to have these few simple features, but why not add them in the first place? was that seriously a problem?All in all Grim Dawn is good, I have to recommend this game because it's vast and I can see the effort put into it, not to mention I spent a lot of time on it and I also had fun, but if you like to be pointed in the right direction and start cutting? Torchlight 2 or Diablo 3 might be a better pick for you."
76561197971511315,Recommended,219990,25458015,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Kinray,Titans Quest´s child !
,Recommended,219990,25456763,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,hanna25,This game made me to play ARPG!
76561197963546863,Recommended,219990,25455690,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Chris,Excellent Co-Op ARPG.
76561197990493062,Recommended,219990,25515421,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,"DeMoN*HuNteR <( ',_,' )>~~*","a bit repetative after you beat it on normal difficulty, but still fun, many builds and combined builds, i love battlemage and witch hunter xD partially just bc of the names haha10/10"
,Recommended,219990,25345519,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,VmaX™,Awesome fun with lots of build variety. For lovers of D3 Titan Quest and Path of Exile.
,Recommended,219990,30862947,Posted: 31 March,all,Apache,All i can say is WOW!!! If you liked diablo 1 and 2 you will love this game. so much better than PoE and D3. Needs more content but what is here was done very well! my only Con is the absence of a translucent map overlay. sucks having to pull the map up every 2 seconds. 10/10 even with no map overlay.
76561198048004014,Recommended,219990,25293203,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Shuttlebunny,"This game is extremely fun to play. Took me a little bit to figure a few things out in the beginning, which is no big deal. graphics are really good. the detail is very nice. the story and lore i find interesting. i love rpg's and arpgs. this game ranks high on my list of favorites already. cant wait till another expansion comes out. :)"
76561197962523352,Recommended,219990,25296657,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,VecToR,"Buy it, play it, love it."
,Recommended,219990,25390420,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Chron,Absolutely love this game. It is not so much innovative. But more of just a great time. I love it. Time to save up for that DLC. Devs need money to keep producing and ill keep spending as long as the content is worth it. Trust me it is very worth it. This coming from a guy who plays games almost 24/7. I have put 60K hours in MMO's alone and I rarely comment. So this must be one of those awesome unicorns ;)
,Recommended,219990,25357848,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nerd Kaiser,"Grim Dawn is possibly the best action RPG since Diablo 2. The evil twin to the World of Warcraft comic book style of Torchlight/Torchlight 2, this game oozes personality and style. While it can be slightly intimidating at first, there is so much to explore (and it's so enjoyable doing so) that you'll gradually pick up on how its various systems interact."
76561198141881867,Recommended,219990,25094006,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,bradj44,"Well its certainly a Grim Dawn, Fun RPG game, simular of rpg's of old for fans of this genre.Thiers enough character customization to keep the game interesting, a few classes to choose from that can also be combined to create new ones, some of the classes dont seem to work well. Thiers enough junk to pick up and sell, thiers a good variety of armour, accesories and weapons sets. The good stuff is very very rare, not sure if i have ever played a game that gives so little, Ive played alot of hours and have yet to complete anything of any worth. Storage for your gear is a real issue, not much space and not sure what the game makers intentions were to restrict it so much? The Graphics and sound are not bad the game projects an atmosphere relavent to the theme. Thiers enough variety of enviroments to keep things interesting with an open world landscape though a little restricted and small. Its one of the issues with the game man you have to grind allllottt in this game so you pretty well go around in circles seeing the same old stuff. Once completing one of the first two difficulties, you can replay the game with a further two difficulties. The difficulty increase is really just a nerfing of your damage and ability to dish it out. Not very inventive as the next difficulty brings very little new game play. My experience is the last difficulty is barely worth punishing yourself for, most of the character classes at this difficulty are so pathetically weak that it gets real boring having to slug it out. The decresing in resistances are a real issue, and so fundamental to you dying instantly or not, All you do is build a character to build resistances they give you other options but if you take them prepared to be punished for your decisions in the final Ultimate difficulty playthrough. Playing in teams is fun though of no actual benifit what so ever besides playing with mates online, thiers no increases in anything infact it seems to go the other way besides the difficulty. Over all the game is worth the time and price it just has a massive anti-climax that laeves you thinking you should not have spent so many hours on this?"
76561197999726083,Recommended,219990,25412695,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SaintAlvis,"This is the updated verson of Titan Quest I have alway hoped for mixed with the Daiblo 3 that we should have got and did not. Grim Dawn has great charator classes, well writen story and fun game play. I would highly recommend this to anyone a fan of this syle game."
76561197964542705,Recommended,219990,25534787,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Al,"Its great nothing more to say :). It has alot of replay value and runs smooth, Which is alot to be said as some games today have no gameplay nevermind replay value."
76561198075014184,Recommended,219990,25523396,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,B4dger6,"the D3 we all been pining for years, just wish there was more customization and more content, but super impressed so far"
76561198011582686,Recommended,219990,25523287,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Gilgamesh,"Fun game, good to play with friends"
76561198158938940,Recommended,219990,25531680,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Ltm1900,"This game has potentials.The opening CG is short but well made, love the idea of the story.As soon as you start the game, you could travel the whole world free. And it's a pretty big map with monster or human type of enemy, eager to kill in valley, jungle, mountains all sort of places. The game is good at locations and develop characters.You have whole bunch of selections from weapons or clothes, loot is a fun thing but the color is confusing for example, golden in this game is no difference from the white item, which is common. You have a wild range of skills to choose from, but you need to choose wisely. The fighting is fun, game is not very balanced, so you need to be careful, and remember to use portal gate when you health runs low.If you are familiar with Torchlight or other ARPG game, you won't be confused about how to play. However, you might be confused about where to go, as I found it very annoying there's no direction leading you to your mission destination on the point. Only when you get close to it then your destination will be marked as a star, but if you are far away from it you can't tell the location.I played 8 hours and I'm going to stop. This game is still attrative but repeating at the same time. Anyway, had fun playing, and it's certainly not bad for an indie developer."
,Recommended,219990,25551711,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Čaks Stallone,"Great game! Interesting locations, diverse weapons and other equipment. Deep but not too complex character progression. Only bad thing is - there are too many damage types."
76561198202776258,Recommended,219990,21654212,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ntkille,Great! 1st Diablo like game but with better graphics and awesome play!
,Recommended,219990,21655374,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,10Toed,"Of all the ARPGs out today, I recommend this over all of them. I've had my taste of Diablo, Torchlight, Titan Quest, and Path of Exile, but none of these games compete with Grim Dawn. I accidentally ended up playing 8 hours my first day and it was definitely worth it! It contains the strong RPG elements from many others games, all in one action-packed game.You can rotate the camera...what some other games couldn't manage! *cough* Titan Quest *cough*The boss fights aren't a complete joke like some games! *cough* Diablo 3 *cough*You can really customize and vary your skill tree unlike some RPGs! *cough* World of Warcraft *cough*You can set loot to instanced, so people don't loot ninja like other RPGs! *cough* Diablo 2 *cough*Seriously though, I highly recommend this game. For $25 USD, it's a steal."
,Recommended,219990,21657697,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Wiggle Butts,Good game
76561198012470130,Recommended,219990,21684572,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Esnaks,"Love the game sofar, was abit slow in the beginning."
76561198005377003,Recommended,219990,22639626,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Foxglove,"I do not want to stress you with a long post so I'll keep it nice and sweet as always.Pros:- It gives life to the old school Action RPG.- It gives you time to grind for your gear not like the ♥♥♥♥ed up Auction thing of Diablo 3 during the first years.- Enemies will outnumber and overpower you if you are careless for a second.- It has multiplayer with the ""I get my own loot in my screen"" option.- The skill system is simply fantastic to the point you can make an actual character unique due to the vast skill trees and jobs.Cons:- You will need time to grind for your character which means this is not for the casual gamers who just want to play and finish the game as fast as they could."
76561198260559638,Recommended,219990,22638489,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mongolian BBQ,The whole Diablo 2 + TQ made it perfect for me! Should have started playing earlier!
76561197994672552,Recommended,219990,22595174,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Skittles,"Diablo 3 look-a-like, i thought... 4 hours later, was still playing.Forgot to eat, drinking and the time.the beginning is a little bit harder than other games.not much explanation, but just start playing and you will find your way.This is a better follow-up for diablo 2, then diablo 3 was."
76561197993628471,Recommended,219990,22623568,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Vinni,"Good hack and slash. Plenty of customization (dual class with lots of skills to choose for each), and an easy method of refunding your skill choices if you've made a mistake."
76561198161368720,Recommended,219990,22634556,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Sorlongu,"Excellent game, highly recommended."
76561198108507092,Recommended,219990,22623123,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Doc Ran,"Damn, this game is awesome !!"
,Recommended,219990,22619041,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Cozmoz,Good game. Had to run as administrator to edit the graphics settings. Probably gonna give it a second run as a different class at somepoint. Would recommend.
76561198059072056,Recommended,219990,22640787,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Stevobeato,i like this game but is there anyway to get people to play multiplayer other then lan'ing?
76561197992865463,Recommended,219990,22653833,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Narrrz,"This is the game that D2 tried to be, and that D3 should have been."
76561198067377168,Recommended,219990,22278382,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ZombieCatts,Love it cant get enough of it so much to do on here great game 10 out of 10
76561198059778243,Recommended,219990,22278638,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Anticannon,"Comparable to the Diablo or Torchlight franchises, but with great story, able to make any build to suit almost any playstyle, fun combat and lots of loot. Amazing game.10/10"
,Recommended,219990,22277061,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Hoft™ ﮜΞ,"Excellent game! totally worth your money.Especially considering the pricetag, i love these diablostyle games, and this game is better in most aspects.If you're a fan of Diablo then this is a mustbuy"
,Recommended,219990,22264494,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Facarwi,9/10A stella ARPG well worth the time for fans of the genre. Combat has crunch & satisfaction in every click & skill/class trees offer an outstanding sense of progression & customization. The story is good but much of the same & voice acting is dull on some of major characters but Grim Dawn hits all the marks for what's important in an ARPG and easily earns itself a spot among the greats.
,Recommended,219990,22259808,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Tiamat,I have only played a dozen hours so far and can easily say that for $25 bucks I feel the game is a steal!  I find it pretty enjoyable.  It is very expansive and with the abilities available it has tons of nerd knobs.  The soundtrack is haunting and I couldn't help but chuckle out loud at the awesome soundtrack for the first major boss battle.  It rocks literally!Pros:- Immersive- Can get right into it easily especially as a Veteran ARPG player- Detailed and extensive abilities and skills with the ability to tweak if needed down the road (to a point)- I am continually driven to keep playing even after hours in a rowCons:- Doesn't always Windows + Tab out if I need to as expected- DIfferences in loot qualities are rare it would seemThis is what I have at this point.  My cons are pretty minor really.
,Recommended,219990,22228246,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,24,So to make it simple.IMO a.k.a In my opinion:my fav RPG :)
76561197993154927,Recommended,219990,21654196,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Wolfchow,"From some of the core team of Titan Quest comes... another Titan Quest. It feels a lot like Titan Quest until you realize that the controls are way more responsive, it's more fast paced, and the balance of mixing your classes is even better. If you didn't play Titan Quest, you missed out big time, so play this game. My only gripe is that multiplayer only supports up to 4 people and I have more than that many friends."
,Recommended,219990,21649508,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,fornix,"The music is very well done and helps to setup a real cool atmosphere. That's one of the reasons I keep going back to this game, it's the art, characters, music, animations, game mechanics all working together to createa a grim atmosphere that inspires my imagination to fill in all the blanks. I love the genre, which is kind of steam punk, with guns and different forms of magic.If you like ARPGs and getting the epic loot then I recommend you buy this game.Ramblings:I have three characters going right now with veteran difficulty. One of the characters is on hardcore mode (permadeath), but I've stopped playing him until I can get a handle on all the stats and skills. I've started over a few times just because I'm OCD like that. My current favorite character is a shaman/soldier.The shaman's bug cloud spell (aoe) is a great long distance weapon because it passes through the enemies and after 5 seconds my enemies are dead from an over abundance of insect bites.Nerd alert: I'm not totally sure about my second class yet, the soldier, I'm still learning how the stats work and trying to determine if the physique point increases are helping my dps more than the shaman's boost to spirit."
,Recommended,219990,21652574,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The Office Viking,"As a spiritual successor to Titan Quest and Diablo 2, this ARPG delivers where it counts. There's great variety to be found in effective builds and class combinations. I've put in fifteen hours so far and plan on adding much more time than that. This game is a steal for $25.00."
,Recommended,219990,21651797,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bear,"Super fun, reminds me of diablo meets titan quest. Very replayable. I just wish there were multipacks so I could share with friends."
76561197970744370,Recommended,219990,21713514,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,tenakakhan,"Scenari moooolto belli e da gusto come Diablo 3 se non di + nel livellamento. Assolutamente divertentissimo! Trama classica: smemorato che si ritrova nel chaos, ma va benissimo così."
76561197968370037,Recommended,219990,21711253,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,The Asgard,Just buy it if you like Diablo 3. An amazing game!
,Recommended,219990,21716535,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,saBan.,"---===DOWNLOAD NOW===---What a game, i came past this game only by chance. After reading over 50 possitive reviews i was convinced that i need to buy this game. Its like the original Diablo game and Titan Quest had babies :) YES i was hooked on D3 for ages but after nothing but grinding for hours and hours for a glimps of a chance for better gear drop to play a higher tourment level ""now 10"" i was over it and havnt played it since....than this came along.After clocking so many hours on it i kept bugging my friends to get the game so we could play private multiplayer online. Im not going to go into detail about this game because so many people already have in their own reviews but i do highlt recommend this game to all who love ARPG."
,Recommended,219990,21712165,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,⎛⎝NN⎠⎞,5/7 Perfect Score
76561198027956222,Recommended,219990,21712446,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Deolian,"This game is FUN but be careful, be sure to exit using the main menu otherwise it has a chance to NOT retain progress. I was level 18 and forgot to log off, shut the computer down, back to 14."
76561198020252982,Recommended,219990,21715379,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Ballentyne,"This game reminds me of hours played on Diablo and Diablo 2. Diablo 3... meh. But this.... Grim Dawn is something else.If I say nothing else it'll be this. The visuals are stunning. Wandering around the map, seeing the artifacts of a bygone age littered around, wondering what that is, and what's over there.... it's awesome.The gameplay is kick♥♥♥♥♥too :)Actually, stop reading this and buy the game. It'll tell you more than I ever can :) Two thumbs up!!"
76561197960730474,Recommended,219990,21715415,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,skipdog172,Definitely has that Diablo 1/2 feel. I could never get into Torchlight or Path of Exile. But this... this game I can't stop playing. Awesome talent/skill system. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,219990,21708752,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Spacehogster,"Been on during early testing just over a year ago. It's a good game and feels like a good mix between Path of Exile and Diablo 3, whilst still remaining it's own beast. 100% would recommend!"
76561198111653171,Recommended,219990,21718699,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Darkmarklars,"I havn't played this game for too long, only 350 hours or so. I personaly like it but since my playtime is so short i dont know how people will take this. One of the possitives for this is the Char. cutomization is through the roof. one of the negatives is that the Char. customization is through the roof. seriously though, if you screw up on something when leveling up your characters skill tree or main stats you cannot get those points back. ever. no matter how hard you try. even if you beg. on the up side it doesnt take too long to find someone to help you level up your char if you mess him up. Just dont beg for equipment. seriously that ♥♥♥♥♥ annoying. If you see me on my char. dont hesitate to join because im alays happy to help."
76561198073288698,Recommended,219990,21719403,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Zeotrix,"I have no idea why, but I can't stop playing this game. I am a 29 year old male, I haven't gotten stuck  with a game in years that weren't competative (like Dota 2). And yet, still I sit here and can't stop playing it. Is it good? Yeah, I think so. Why do I think so? Absolutely no idea..."
,Recommended,219990,21718157,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,BunBun's Secret,ARPG following the foodsteps of Diablo 2 and TitanQuest in a victorian gothic steampunk style.
,Recommended,219990,21716759,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Ender,"Great game - if Diablo III wasn't your cup of tea (or even if it was) get Grim Dawn, at $25, it's a steal.I tried to think of anything that Diablo III seemed to have over Grim Dawn and I can't come up with jack.  Grim Dawn has a terrific atmosphere, graphics, physics, etc.The combat is extremely satisfying and the leveling system is complex and enjoyable.  It's not only just that you can mix 2 classes, but you also get devotion points (think Skyrim's constellation upgrades) and then their version of ""socketed items"" also gives you abilities.There are so many ways to get loot, craft loot, and obtain spells and abilities that it is really mind boggling and makes Diablo III's system look like it was designed for the lowest common denominator.Grim Dawn is the thinking person's ARPG and is vastly superior to the other triple A games like it out there.  So for $25, what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,219990,21718563,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Childish Dreams,Stop reading reviews and buy it. Best 20 bucks I spent in a long time.
76561198030247703,Recommended,219990,21720830,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,fairykiller,very good game i recommend it
76561198099444470,Recommended,219990,21720971,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Gilfoyle,"80 hours in, and I intend to invest alot more. Grim Dawn is simply a masterpiece. If you are like me, and looking for the feeling you experienced in the golden days of D2, then look no further. This game will fill that void and then some. D2 was my thing, I lived and breathed it. Played everyday for hours on end, and if I weren't an adult, i'd do that with this game. I won't go into detail because if you know ARPG's then you know how they work, and this one days things to near perfection. One thing is does to better is the ability to create a build that suits your playstyle no matter what. Buy it, you won't regret it!"
76561197979368170,Recommended,219990,21721652,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Timberfire117,I love this game. Reminds me soooo much of how Diablo was and just build on it in such a great way.
76561197976259471,Recommended,219990,25334071,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,AZSLIMJIM,Just buy it. They've created a great and original arpg (minus some inspiration from ex Titan quest devs) that is a blast to play even in the first minute. Can't comment on end game content but the game is designed around replayability.
,Recommended,219990,25338253,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,I recommend this game with the caveat that NPC portraits in this game look utter garbage.
76561198082255329,Recommended,219990,25332455,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,supacrazypusher,Addictive and not buggy
,Recommended,219990,25766322,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,VGoss,love this game. please add more new classes
76561198037139831,Recommended,219990,25846396,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,mark_of_brechin,"I have to say, a more potently additive time sink I have never seen. If spending hours fine tuning a build, then slaughtering the Foe in job and cackling as you scoop up the wealth of loot is your thing then this is for you. I enjoyed this more than Torchlight II, the appocolyptic art style and what story there is just appeals more.A+. Make DLC."
,Recommended,219990,25854584,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,c.a.tt,"Action RPG maniac here. I player Diablo (1,2), Torchlight (1,2), Sacred (1,2) and Path of Exile. This is how proper made game should look like. No bullsh** like free to play, exclusive content, in game store for cosmetic items, personality exploits. You loot item, it will change how your toon looks (yes, we have pants here, no problem).+ offline play (no lag)+ LAN (hell yea, we make lan parties in a cottage without internet)+ no in game store bullsh**+ nice graphics and setting+ MODS!!!+ will last for ages (even without steam)- preformance is not great (dated engine)- no ranked play / official ladders"
76561197978992009,Recommended,219990,30886215,Posted: 1 April,all,LeSic,Very cool ARPG. Can't tell that it's better than Diablo3 or better than PoE? Liked all of them a lot and I'm enjoying this one big time :)
76561198002201191,Recommended,219990,30876392,Posted: 1 April,all,juuliuus,"I'm only sorry about one thing: that I didn't know about this game before (purchased feb 2017)! The game is great and super addictive. The developers really put time and effort into this and made a highly customizable experience. I've not completed it yet but am already planning my first re-play after I do. Great graphics, lots of loot, super customizable. Super game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,219990,25879852,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Durandle,One of the best ARPG I have played.
76561197993602634,Recommended,219990,25910858,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Patbadger,"Good game. Nice graphics, impactful game play and fighting.  good variety of characters and customisation options."
,Recommended,219990,25897149,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Jesxx,"2 things:First off, this game is amazing with graphics on highest settings. Such vivid details, and probably one of the most ♥♥♥♥ed up games i've ever played ( Gore, Scenery, Violence)10/10"
76561198099342428,Recommended,219990,25905086,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,RudiXXX,This game is amazing! Finally something with Diablo 2 atmosphere.
,Recommended,219990,26368508,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,raabithassan,"Have played several ARPG so far. But this one was probably best of them. There are almost every element to be a successfull ARPG -Vast Gameworld with a good story.Huge variety of Items.6 Classes with notable amount of diverse skillset.Dual Class Mode - which is kind of unique to me.Devotion Point System - an extra layer of passive skill set.Difficulty is altogether optimized, not too easy or too hard."
,Recommended,219990,26368964,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Daniel.Drache,Fun hack n slashVery Diablo esk
76561198029016060,Recommended,219990,26340232,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,willetman,the best ARPG
76561198057256263,Recommended,219990,26340547,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,jmazaik,"If the words ""Before the light of the God's entered the world"" mean anything to you, buy this game.  It really is that simple.  I always heard those few words from the opening narration of Titan Quest while pressing a key to skip to the menu.  They are burned into my psyche from the sheer number of times I have fired up Titan Quest.  Other reviews have said everything that needs to be said.  Just buy the game."
,Recommended,219990,26354349,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Metatron,Singleplayer 9/10.It's exactly what I expected.Multiplayer 5/10The fact that I have to set port forwarding myself really irritates me. There goes my desire to play with friends.POE did a better job with multiplayer AND it's free smh
76561198176160070,Recommended,219990,26366636,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Mad Imperator Forg,"So ill start off with the postive points of this game. Dual Class system. very nice, not often seen in mmos or arpgs. The Classes are unique for the most part. Graphics are very nice . I can see myself losing time to this game. it definitely has potential to grow with future content.If Devs of this game listen to community, and not just rely on it for the games content, it could have very high longetivity.Lets put some noteworthy cons to the game shall we,!. from what ive read, the engines have limitations in the game. For example , i read you can only have 9 classes into your game file system, that is different from 9 charecters mind you.Also i have read that if you do modify it, the engine of the game has limitations on how far you can add into the skill books( or trees, same thing)These are major issues in my opinion due to the fact that the game has Such high potential to compete with path of exile, or even Torchlight 2.Now if the devs have purposely put in these limitations as to release updates and increases in the future, then its perfect.Minor issues encountered so far:When creating a charecter, it takes a few minutes to appear, maybe thats to link to the game server, not sure, if it can be fixed it would be wise.Overrall rating i give an 8.5 out of 10."
76561197977394942,Recommended,219990,24726481,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,kagekirazuul,"This game is truly awesome. Atmosphere Atmosphere Atmosphere ! ! !  It really feels like the armageddon hath cometh. It has all the awesome freedom of Diablo II to choose your stats and which skills to level/improve.  It has all the fast pacing, loot, and ""seal chest"" challenges of Diablo III. As a veteran of the Diablo series, I would hands down say that this game really continues the feel of Diablo II with its graphics and gameplay.The huge draw is the option to dual-class at level 10.  This really unlocks so many different ways to play your character and allows for so much freedom. I enjoyed the necromancer, druid, and witch doctor of the Diablo series; thus, I created an occultist/shaman both of which can summon familiars.  D2 was a masterpiece and D3, while it has its drawbacks was a very fun game.  I would wholeheartedly recommend Grim Dawn as it is a masterpiece in its own right for blending D2/D3 and adding its own flavors and quirks.Pros: many many quests, lots of loot, everything can be upgraded, and DUAL-CLASS!Cons: some ally AI can get lost, but they teleport when too far; the multilevel areas can be hard to see as the transparency of the level can be off.Final thoughts:  Great Game, buy it."
,Recommended,219990,24694030,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Eraldus,"Grim Dawn is an unique gem that managed to do something to me that no other ARPG ever did since Diablo II, which is to suck alway hours of incredible gameplay and keeping your attention with a very intriguing lore. Grim Dawn doesn't really reinvents the wheel, but it surely polishes it further, by bringing a lot familiar gameplay aspects from older ARPG games, especially from Titan Quest, it's ""ancestor"", like the Dual Class system, that allows the player to mix two different masteries, creating lots of possibilities for builds, along with the amazing Devotion system, where the player receives a Devotion point by restoring shrines scattered around the world of Cairn and then can spend these points to unlock various constellations on the Devotion window; each constellation granting lot's of passive bonuses, while some granting extra skills that you can attach to your mastery skills, bringing build diversity to a whole new level. Oh, and let's not forget bout the hidden walls/chests scattered everywhere... I have over 5000 hours recorded on Steam, and I'm still finding a new chest or breakable wall somewhere...Grim Dawn is definitely one of the best games ever made, and I'm very glad and proud to be able to enjoy it ever since the Early Access period, and my only regret is to not have backed it earlier!"
,Recommended,219990,24718416,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,DocGoblin,"Edit: Changing the review recommendation to positive. I do enjoy the game. just struggling with the technical issue below:Mouse Over Screen Flash makes this game unplayable:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUKnaJoUOX4Issue has existed since at least late 2015.Game is great, just wish it didnt have this technical issue."
,Recommended,219990,14923518,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TOCS,"The game is how you'd expect a decent top-down ARPG to be. I won't go too much into detail since a lot of the reviews here already do that just fine.So far, I wouldn't recommend this game, at least not at full price. I got it at a 50% discount so that's okay I suppose. I'm basing this mostly on the trouble me and my friends had playing multiplayer. A lot of times we had problems connecting to each other and when it worked something different went wrong, like the host crashing.At this point we've kinda given up to play the game from A to Z since some areas straight out crashes the game as soon as we engage in combat with hostile mobs. A good example of this is the big boss guy in Smuggler's Basin. We've tried around 5 times now, and each time the host crashes for some random reason without any explanation or error.Yeah, I know, silly me for not recommending a game purely based on a few crashes here and there. Maybe you're right, but since we all paid to play all the content available I'd expect all of that content to be in a no-gamebreaking state.Edit:So, I picked up the game a few days ago again to see if anything had changed, and I must say, it has! It's been a blast so far with no crashes of any kind and pretty much no glitches or bugs that I can think of (except some enemy ranged units that lack proper pathfinding.) I deleted my old character and started from the beginning. I've just killed Krieg, The Warden and took the quest to kill some baddies on the other side of the bridge. Game looks ridiculously huge, based on what I see in the world map and how big that first ""act"" of the game was. Definitely recommend it now!"
,Recommended,219990,24717623,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Kizor,Titan Quest and Diablo 2: LoD had a child.Grim Dawn is the name.Donated to this project YEARS ago and I'm so happy it finally got finished. Absolutely smashed my expectations.
76561198121233307,Recommended,219990,24718013,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Yolo,"Here's my 2 cents on how to efficiently spend your first 100 hrs in Grim Dawn:First 10 hours: make 100 characters to find the one you enjoy the most;hour 10 - 30: can't decide which one u enjoy more, forced to play them all;hour 30 - 50: start making hardcore characters because you feel like you have a good grasp on this game;hour 50 - 70: succeed in losing all your hardcore characters;hour 70 - 100: stare at the skill/devotion tree in disbelief (theorycraft)."
,Recommended,219990,24718071,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Thanakil,"There is a lot of meat to this game. It offers you a great deal of customization regarding your character, and multiple activities when exploring the world. You are not limited to killing monsters as you move forward, you get the opportunity to explore side-areas, save various NPCs that will meet you back in town and fill the cities, earn points to deepen your customization, and probably somet stuff I forgot about.The game runs well, plays well, and is offered at a very attractive price. The difficulty is great and I enjoy the ability to use the ""Veteran"" mode right from the beginning to make it more challenging. It lasts long enough that you won't feel like you were sold an unfinished product.My one complaint so far? Visually, the game could be better. I'm not talking about the quality of the graphics, but rather the art design. The characters, the monsters and the environment ""blend"" with each others a little too much. When your screen is filled with multiple monsters and spell effects, the result is not always attractive. With that said, this is my one problem with the game.Overall, for the price it's sold at and how much fun it has to offer, I recommend it for fans of the genre. If you're not a fan of Hack'n'Slash games, I don't think this is the game that will convert you. If you like the genre already, this will give you something to sink your teeths into."
,Recommended,219990,24771436,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Chon9,"One of my favourite equipments grinding fest other than monster hunter, it would be better if it fixed the common machine hang on exit bug.40% now, definately worth it."
76561197999977878,Recommended,219990,24772952,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Sexual_Bullet,"I only ever play these games on Hardcore, dont see the point any other way tbh...so to sum up, i will let you know if its good if i ever get off act 1.....multiplayer is a bit buggy, getting hard crashes....loving the different builds you can do giving it some decent flavour for replay...gets a bit choppy with mass mobs on screen, not game breakingGreat game, but not as polished as D3 or Titan Quest, but all forgiven by the character build content it has."
76561198046867770,Recommended,219990,24700117,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Flavour Town,There are ghosts.
76561198193279619,Recommended,219990,24698126,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,neonmosh,"This is the steak and mash potatoes of aRPGs. Different flavors, different tastes... same core deliciousness."
76561198041599111,Recommended,219990,24701635,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,codedog,Awesome game!  Modding support is great bonus.
,Recommended,219990,24762208,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Retorrent,If your a fan of ARPGs and have a fondness for Diablo 2 then this is the game for you. If your more into Diablo 3s defined class system then this game may be a bit overwhelming at first. In Grim Dawn you have the ablility to have dual classes on one character  and build them any way you want. If your like me and have a hard time making your own build there are plenty of fan made ones out there that I found with a quick Google search.For vetern fans of ARPGs I can highely reccomend this game. For newbies I reccomend using a fan made build to get the most out of this game your first time through and then give it a go with your own design.
76561198068221043,Recommended,219990,24761436,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Havoc & Mayhem,"Amazing game, refreshing and addictive. First game in a while with a good story since Diablo 1&2 ( PoE is nice too )... My only con is all the bugs and crashes I encountered and I know I'm not the only one but it's better now. The in-game UI and game options for sound/gfx,etc could be improved too.9/10"
,Recommended,219990,24769576,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Booty Wizard,Most content I've ever seen in a diablo-clone with a great class and skill system.  honest 10/10 in terms of fun.  Plan on putting atleast a hundred hours in this game.
76561198012390934,Recommended,219990,24768909,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,luvtruck,"Excellent ARPG in a dark fantasy setting.  Buy this game if you enjoyed Titan Quest, Sacred, Diablo 2, or like the ARPG genre in general.  The character class mix and matching is interesting, and the recent Crucible DLC is a lot of fun.  Given the low price of the base game, imho, you get a lot of value for your money."
76561197964549014,Recommended,219990,24774387,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Star-Lord,Similar to D2.
,Recommended,219990,24710890,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Zexo,"Like ARPG's like Diablo 2, Titan Quest? You going to love this even more then.It's time consuming, in-depth and have a very good amount of content that will give you hundreds of enjoyable hours."
76561198029300088,Recommended,219990,24708988,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,yenkin2001,"Just got back to Grim Dawn, have not really played since the actual release of the game, through I played through beta.  This is a real gem, it blends a lot of what is right in an ARPG.  Easy to play, easy to get into, hordes of monsters to kill. Plenty of loot for those who love inventory micro-management.  If you like POE, Diablo and other games of this type, then this game should go into your library. 10/10"
,Recommended,219990,24946073,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,RoninZionEye,"Grim Dawn is without a doubt the best ARPG I've played in recent memory and I've played quite a few of them over the years. The graphics are great, the gameplay is wonderfuly deep and so much fun ( plays great with a gamepad! ) If you're on the fence about getting GD, it's safe to say that it's totally worth the money. In fact I'll go one step further and say that at its base price plus The Crucible DLC, which is amazing by the way, this game blows away most 60 dollar AAA offerings right out of the park with its sheer scope and incredible longevity. Highly recommended!"
76561198081913947,Recommended,219990,23471607,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,gundamac2004,"Well..First of all I would like to say that Grim Dawn (for the price) is actually a very decent game. There are lots of areas to explore and many way of improving and leveling up your character. But unfortunatly (in my opion) falls short on basic RPG principles..Firstly there are not enough save areas in the game when you die all too many times you have to triverse the same area you have already gone through kill the same enemies (which also drains much needed health) just to begin where you left off. It's 2016 there are many other rpg's that have remedied this it's not that difficult to include multiple save points on a a quest that will allow the player to continue the campaign without becoming bored. Even though by reengaging enimies you will continue to  collect experience points to level up your character but it's just to repetitive.This Is a huge game and you what to explore more.. not doubling back to you previous grave to get back the experience you have lost by getting killed hiking up the same path you where just killed to get there to begin with.  Also bossess respawn what the hell is that about!?  If i'm going back to an area to get some loot I left on the ground how the heck are these guys coming back? You know how..lazy programming. Guys be fair it took a long♥♥♥♥♥time to kill a boss let em die for pete's sake your're not adding any value to the game by not doing that, just additional fustration.One other thing the map system is VAGUE! Consisdering how large this game is should be a lot more discriptive. Quest should be more clearly marked this would definately help with the overall flow of the game. Lastly with these gripes in mind would I recommend this game the answer is YES..If you have the patience to deal with these issues leveling up and becoming stronger with magic or might is a very cool and rewarding experience. And you really do get hours and hours of (somewhat repetitive but overall enjoyable) game play for the price you pay."
76561198026494809,Recommended,219990,23475201,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,mircrypt,"If you liked diable, have a penchant for a richly detailed world, back story, and compelling (one might say even fascinatingly addictive gameplay) then this is a game to try. Be prepared to sit down, start playing, and suddenly realize the afternoon or morning has slipped away as you pick class type combinations, gear up your character, and sally forth to get to know this post-apocalyptic fantasy and slightly victorian gem of a game."
76561197972879118,Recommended,219990,23023104,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Antihero707,"A top-notch ARPG, an ode to the Diablo 3 we wished we'd gotten circa 2005. On par with Diablo, Path of Exile, etc, but so far is a little meatier in terms of story and so has held my interest better than the more mindless hack-n-slash entries. Definitely lots of character showing through in the writing and voice acting. Actually has a bit of a Divinity - Original Sin feel to it as well - That's a compliment!"
,Recommended,219990,23033274,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,aVe,"One thing I really like in ARPGs is when you could play a ""Pet Master"" - simply summoning and directing your own wild bunch to take care of business while enjoying the scenery and hunting treasures. Grim Dawn is no stranger to that and it's a blast.I got the game in early access, so I had plenty of time to try out the classes, their flavor and several mix of them (a nice reminder of Titan Quest, that is still one of my favorite game).And once the game was finally released, it came with a new class, the Shaman, that just perfectly complement the Occultist to suit my shameless laid-back * style of play.So, if you want to give it a try, here are the foundations : start with the Occultist and develop the Familiar and Hellhound branches ; when you reach level 10, jump to the Shaman and go for the Briarthorn branch. You can complement these three with one or two other skills you might find useful or enjoyable. For the devotions, start with Shepherd's Crook.The balance between ""class"" and ""skill"" levels is up to you. On my own, I usually spend 2 points in the Class (for character stats) and 1 point a Skill ; and sometimes saving points for later. But with the Spirit Guide that can help you re-spec your skills, you can do as you please.What you will do most of the time is send your creatures to scout places and eventually attract or attack foes. So bind a key with Pet Attack and be sure that at least Hellhound then Briarthorn are set to Aggressive. What you choose to do with you character (close combat, ranged combat...) is up to you since it matters only 5 to 10% of the time ; you really can experiment here with any combination of weapons, armors and components.Nevertheless, since no ""build"" is made perfect, you might encounter some resistance with ""infuriated"" enemies than can steal a percentage of your pets' health (thus creating a stasis in combat) ; and of course, champions and bosses - not mentioning, champions that can summon infuriated creatures.* Some might say that this style of play is not very ARPG-y since you don't have to frantically click your mouse to hit enemies like in the good old days, but merely give orders to your faithful minions to carry on the good word. Well, since I've been playing ARPGs since Diablo, I consider this style of play a well deserved treat."
76561198028392055,Recommended,219990,23317208,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,InvolvedOak,"From what I have played so far, this game is definitely a step up from Diablo III in my opinion. There is so much to take in when starting the game for the first time. The skills and class customization is nothing like I have seen before with other ARPG games. I recommend this game to any of you who enjoyed Diablo and are looking for something to play for another 100+ hours."
76561198063257214,Recommended,219990,23269672,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Qual'aquatan,"Amazing game, buy it!"
76561197968577241,Recommended,219990,23332626,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,swampdog,What can i say  great game
76561197994224518,Recommended,219990,23319211,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Fiddler,"Really great game; lots of replayability, moreso (I found) than Diablo or other similar games. Incredibly complex character development offers an absurd variety of play styles, but in a very accessible (and later alterable) way. Seriously, this is one of the good ones."
76561197971088699,Recommended,219990,23329493,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Grymm,"A tried and tested formula but with a respectable effort to keep everything fresh and not just recycle previous games in the genre. Interesting lore and ways of encountering it, ticks all the right boxes with visuals and the combat and has an overall atmosphere that helps draw the player in."
76561197993339217,Recommended,219990,23298875,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,_Tallinn_,Great single-player ARPG but be prepared to put in the hours to get most out of it!
76561198096808915,Recommended,219990,7971558,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,tanchico,"Dear god, so much has changed since I wrote my mini comment-review. The new update is just beyond awesome. Like BRYANW1995, I deleted all my high level chars and started from scratch. However, I did keep 4 legendaries and 10-15 rares + all my crafting mats. The update has changed so much, the game feels really polished and silky smooth.I like the change to the skill trees, some skills were pruned and many were improved. I would definately urge players to use GRIM CALC to plot the skills of their char and scribble down where you want to be at lev 30, 40 etc. This is the only game I like playing atm, the newly included intro scene just gave me chills..love it ;).I haven't been a fan of magic based classes, but I am having fun with the WARLOCK atm ;)EARLY PREVIEW -see belowAfter testing this game for ages, i can see it was definately worth the price. The only thing i do not like is the drop rate, farming bosses has never been so horrible ;(.However, it is a very atmospheric game and i love the gore."
76561198000711728,Recommended,219990,23440465,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Knight Guy,Grim Dawn is a fun action RPG.  I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoyed games like Titan Quest or Dungeon Seige.  It has a very interesting class system with lots of possible combos and roles.  Fun solo or multiplayer and has multiple difficulties to increase game time.
76561198037334236,Recommended,219990,23440477,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,DemonicKnyte,"If you love Diablo and Diablo 2 this game will make you feel like your reliving those good years. Diablo 3 was good, but this game feels more like what Diablo truly is then how they changed it up with 3. Great game, I would have more play time but so many games came out around same time trying to complete them all."
76561198065487246,Recommended,219990,24693632,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Vive La Blanc,Playing this game has been one of the best and worst decisions of my life. I've gotten hundreds of hours of fun out of it however due to it i didn't register for classes till the very end.
,Recommended,219990,24723102,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,✪ VAC Efron,"If you like Diablo 2, you'll like this game. It feels exactly the same (in my opinion) and I didn't like it at first because I preferred simplicity when it comes to your skills and build. Grim Dawn allows you to be a hybrid class, meaning you can combine any two specific classes and there are skills in each tree that will compliment your preferred play style. The devotion system reminds me of the BA Rank system (Borderlands 2) meaning extra stats (health, damage, etc.) and allows you to further upgrade a skill of your choice. Overall I highly recommend getting this game, as it's one of the best ARPGs I've played in the past two years. My only gripe about this game is I bought it for $25 and it went on sale a day later for $15, but still well worth full price."
76561198041105846,Recommended,219990,24003491,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ShiatownBFG,This game rocks
,Recommended,219990,24002529,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Drengbarazi,If you loved Titan Quest you will love Grim Dawn.
,Recommended,219990,24002866,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,123,Great Game - feels a bit like Diablo 2.Con - UI doesn't scale well to high resolutions.
,Recommended,219990,23985357,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Wicky,"One word: BRILLIANTThe only con I found was the absence of a ladder, it might be a big NO NO for some players. I know it bothered me but at least you won't get annoyed by lags unless your ISP is giving you troubles."
76561198003018041,Recommended,219990,24024560,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Wolffkran,10/10 Would recommend.
76561198102096205,Recommended,219990,24024664,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,The BB > Jesuv0,Beautiful. Arcanist + Occultist makes Swain.
76561197960661877,Recommended,219990,24084299,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,heidi [enterenter4],"Having bought this when only one act was avaible, i was able to follow the refinement and the addition of new content over the last years. The way the community and the developers have interacted was very good and this it what made this game from a good concept into a great game.Any A-RPG fan should at least try it out and wont regret the investment. There is more content and the modding community is very active."
76561198049522429,Recommended,219990,24080021,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ShiBBy_cz,"I was never good at hack&slash games, i loved D2 but never had time to invest to grind... i played POE and i didnt like some aspects ... when D3 was released i made that mistake that i payed 50 euro for it ... played throu hell difficulty and put it away.... however this is completely different story, this game let you play whatever you want but it does not forget and does not forgive, any mistake is often fatal, but that makes it EVEN BETTER! 340hrs on record and im not nearly on the edge of repetition and boredom! thank you Crate for making one awesome game !"
,Recommended,219990,24081923,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,lcypher,Picks up currency automatically.10/10
,Recommended,219990,24061627,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LivingLitch,"Do you like hack and slash games?Do you like Titan Quest or its game engine?Did you hate titan quest only because it was unbalnced?If you answered yes, Grim Dawn is for you.The skill system is great. I didnt end up dying over and over like I did in TQ. For the most part I was around the same level of the mobs the entire game. Most of my problems came from heroes or bosses. The map makes sense the teleporting system is good. Theres a shared stash to go between characters. Crafting is completly optional. I used it to make the gunslingers talisman to dual wield pistols.My only complaint about the game is the lack luster final fight. With cloud saving I know I can delete it from my drive and replay it any time I want. Now to convince a friend to get it as well."
76561198020716185,Recommended,219990,24076061,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Antares,"Great game, Great atmosphere!You have a lot of possibilitys to customize you charakter. You can choose between 2 classes and get skills of both, later on you can upgrade you skills via devotion system, which gives your skills extra passivs.It has also a pretty nice post-apocalptic atmosphere.If your loved DIablo 2 and similar games give that one a try"
76561198027873845,Recommended,219990,24050292,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,joohj1187,"It's true what the other reviewers are saying - for a game that is $19 during the sale and probably has a fraction of a budget compared to Blizzard/Activision, this is the spiritual ""successor"" to diablo 2. I can't speak for the multiplayer experience, but even the single player is fun. The difficulty is pretty on-par for your ""average"" player and the gameplay is smooth. Find a friend to play with and this game will remind you of those times you spent grinding meph runs. Highly recommended!!!"
76561197966084513,Recommended,219990,24067517,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,kamikaze,The perfect mix of Diablo 2 style gameplay and Skyrim/FF Perk/Skill trees combined into one.  Get it and you won't regret it.
76561198029453602,Recommended,219990,23698263,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,jahsassin,Good game by the studio created from the ashes of Iron Lore (Titan Quest). Recommended!
,Recommended,219990,23701186,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,..,Overall its a very good game. Hope the expansion will be available soon and more thing to explore.
,Recommended,219990,23714704,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Colourite,I highly recommend this game to ARPG fans.It's an awesome game.The game looks and feels great.The makers of it made it a treu joy to play this game and keep improving it with every update they put out.Can't wait and see what els they have in store for the game.
76561198012765529,Recommended,219990,23695881,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,enkidieves,"This game is flawless! I just have to mute the music and put the Diablo 2 soundtrack to feel like I am 10 years old again, playing in my parent basement for hours... nostalgia..."
,Recommended,219990,24097142,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,xKatzenjammer,One of the best ARPGs I've ever played.Fantastic story and atmosphere. The leveling and loot system is fun and unique.
,Recommended,219990,24130991,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Davvan,Diablo 2.5Excellent arpg.10/10 would loot again.
76561197994891453,Recommended,219990,24098308,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DARKSIDEofHELL,Not half bad of a game. Really enjoying it. There is a few bugs but that nothing new!
,Recommended,219990,24093900,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lilligan,"I am not a big fan of the dungeon crawler genre, but this is one of the games of its kind that I liked a lot. Similar to Diablo 2, but with a few twists. Arguably better than Diablo 3."
,Recommended,219990,24087292,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Furious Bee Pee,"Really well executed, love the back story, and the controls just feel right. Very addictive. If you liked diablo 2 you will like this."
,Recommended,219990,24088260,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ron Burgundy?,Great game!!!
76561198129717240,Recommended,219990,24100441,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ahoy_NATO,"Sometimes you see the ""Funny"" reviews where people say they ""accidentally"" played the game all night until sunrise. Sometimes you buy a game at 8 pm to mythbust those reviews. Sometimes you stay up til you see the sunrise playing a game. Sometimes I tell people to buy games. This is one of those times."
76561198037871227,Recommended,219990,24045149,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pandora,One of the best action RPG ever.
76561198095251425,Recommended,219990,30811892,Posted: 29 March,all,Sickdog,game is great really really great... but we are 5 friends and we all have this game but we cant play together :( everytime  one of us need to wait and its sad...at least make it 6 person
76561198069880673,Recommended,219990,29771502,Posted: 7 February,all,Demothises,"Grim Dawn is an outstanding ARPG, if you even remotely like other ARPGs, you would do yourself a disservice not checking this one out and I can’t recommend it enough.I prefer to start off with the negatives on games like this, more to try and keep me focused on impartiality and I'll be honest the game is not without it's flaws. 1st up is the game can be argumentative with video driver updates, only worked on Nvidia machines running this game, but occasionally my brother and I do have some issues after an update. Fortunately the devs have a nice little repair tool in the install folder to run that will fix the issue, but it is an annoyance I would like to see resolved. My 2nd complaint about the game is camera angles can be awkward in some areas like the Undercity, where walls don't go transparent as quick as they should, again this is a minor complaint as one of the games uncommon features can help with that issue, rotating the camera in an ARPG, alSo more of an annoyance but nothing too detrimental. Also online gameplay can be a little laggy depending on the person hosting the game, if the computer isn't quite up to snuff or a bad internet connection and make it pretty bad to play, maybe there is something they can do with the net code, I don't know, but when playing with a couple of my friends I usually have to host. The last complaint I have is the lack of appearance customization, you have default male and default female and that is it, not the end of the world as that does get covered up in no time with equipment, just something you would expect to see in a modern game.Now that we got the bad stuff behind us, lets talk about what makes this game great and why you should buy it. For me this game fills a niche that lies between and above games like Diablo 3, Torchlight 2, Titan Quest and Path of Exile. The ascetics of this game is dark and gritty closer to PoE than D3 and looks really good. As I mentioned above, the game is actually 3D and not just a sprite background as you can freely rotate the camera. Another big selling point to the game is it's character customization and character builds which I think is better than PoE. You have your standard Diablo style look that can then be augmented with components you get as drops and also augments that you can buy from faction vendors. Additionally, some equipment grants you new skills that will level up with you. Your class structures are almost as varied as Diablo 2 and 3 classes (they are called masteries in Grim Dawn) and you have 6 masteries to choose from with 2 more coming in the expansion, but what really makes it shine is at becoming 10th level you pick up a 2nd class which opens up a slew of combinations for character building. And as if there isn't enough to tweak your build there is the devotion system in place, what this are is an  additional way to add perks to your character, you gain devotion points by finding and restoring shrines in the game, all characters have access to the same devotions and these can boost virtually any stat on the game with some granting special abilities that you slap onto skills that you possess modifying the way you use that skill, the possible combinations are insane and well balanced, the number of combinations is what truly makes this game stand out from the rest. You will also find features found in other games in the genre such as crafting, hardcore mode, increased difficulties on subsequent play troughs, areas you can portal in and out of like rifts from D3.My hours played in this game should be more than enough of an endorsement to how good it is (263 as of this writing) and I am just getting started."
,Recommended,219990,24033005,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Merdok,"Great Diablo-like game.+Lots of skills and customization.+Very good secondary skill system.+Random Loot Galore.+Repeatable Quests and Factions+Good amount of challenge+Long campaign, fulfilling story, good character designFew minor cons.-Reputation/Faction can feel a bit grindy.-Can be a little overwhelming at first.Overall, this is a fantastic ARPG that genre fans should strongly consider picking up."
,Recommended,219990,24040266,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gungoesbang,"Great game.  Very fun system fort skill progression and the challenge is much higher than others in the same genre.THe mod system is nice as well, but be warned - I've lost some of my main game characters after running the DAIC (or whatever it is called) prior to uninstalling it."
76561198009138708,Recommended,219990,24032377,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cam Kels,If you like Diablo styled Hack and slash games this is really fun. I really like how you can have two classes.
,Recommended,219990,23977905,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Coldplasma819,"If you love Diablo 3 like I do, then you'll love this game just as much. It's a lot spookier however, and darker, metaphorically and literally. What's also nice is that you can alter the camera in multiple ways to see the world differently everytime you play through it. Classes are in-depth and the mechanic of dual-specialzation allows for many unique and wide-spread amounts of class builds.There's also a lot of spooky mr. skeltals.Just buy it, you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,219990,23998340,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Leech,"Such good feel to it, great set of possibilites and endless amount of farming different specs <3"
76561197961711370,Recommended,219990,23996413,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,aufdensack,Amazing Game!
76561197989742076,Recommended,219990,23969635,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,JK,Everything about this game is alright other than the fact it has performance issues in regards to the game engine. If you can look past the performance issues then this is an above average hack n slash
76561198006572786,Recommended,219990,23965739,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,pistolpetey,Agood Game
76561198026124351,Recommended,219990,23984377,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,tokenwhite85,"I bought this game through early access. Since then it has evolved a great deal and turned into a viable single player or co-op CRPG. It's dark, it's gritty, and it is crafted with incredible love and attention to detail.Good Buy."
,Recommended,219990,23459292,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,zaryuta,"Great stuff. I like gritty, dark style which recent Diablo lost.Controller  support could be better, in current state it do not feel native, just m+k emulation.Overall, if Diablo 3 feels too cartoony for you, this is the sh@t."
76561198006608229,Recommended,219990,25702452,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Dash1ra,Absolutely love Grim Dawn. Story is captivating. Action is engaging. Visuals are great. I think I actually might like this game more than Diablo 2. Buy it now.
,Recommended,219990,25705797,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,aC.Assassin,"From the former members of Iron Lore, comes Grim Dawn, a great addition to the ARPG genre.Grim Dawn is much a like Titan Quest in lots of ways.Grim Dawn has some very smooth controls with a very deep customzation of builds from your masteries (classes) to combining 2 masteries to make 1 perfect warrior, to the skills of that mastery to the devotions.It has a good amount of replayability as the first run should get you to level 40, while the cap is 85.The only negative thing I can say about this game, is that the areas, can or will seem the same, giving you the feeling if you should continue to play it.Is it worth it? Yes, every cent.As of now, Grim Dawn tops every other ARPG I've played."
76561198133234344,Recommended,219990,25747081,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Fooly Cooly,7/10
76561197996966989,Recommended,219990,30881459,Posted: 1 April,all,HK_NG,"played for about 30hours, nice story mode.Consthe multiplayer games are hosted by the player and tends to have alot of rubberband issue."
,Recommended,219990,25774240,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Justice,Very nice ARPG. Nice progression and lots of replay value. Different viable builds. Deffo worth a check between seasons on D3 or possible new expansion :D
76561198003233309,Recommended,219990,25764334,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Revric,Well put together. Hours of fun
,Recommended,219990,25770021,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Jet Jenkins,"It can be a little slow and methodical at first, but once you get a hang of the game mechanics and - more importantly - find a build that just 'clicks' with you, you'll be playing for hours without even realizing it. Very addicting and satisfying sense of progression.Also there's an item that gives you the ability to throw poop.10/10"
76561198018407529,Recommended,219990,25696614,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,lukeswalks,Play if:You are looking for an ARPGYou want more depth and customization than Diablo 3You don't want to deal with a huge trading system and want to find your loot not buy it. (Path of Exile)Extra:You want a game that is has been handcrafted with care by its developers :)
76561198067842907,Recommended,219990,25695204,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Ancient_Aeon,"its a good game if you like diablo 2 . but playing with friends can be allot harder then you expect prepare your self for allot of "" unable to connect"" and ""server unavailable "" and upnp issues out of your rear . Till they fix that issue the game to me wont be worth it unless you like playing by your self , but if none of that effects you then i recommend this game ."
76561198072197369,Recommended,219990,25720027,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,FeroFerreTuliLatus,"TL;DR:Great game, like Diablo 2 on steroids. Can be tough on hardware.The long version:Terrific game with plenty of replayability. Generally very reliable, and crashes have usually been fixed very quickly by a development team that seems responsive and involved. Scenery is beautiful, especially on a big monitor, and unlike many games, there is enough distinction between classes that you can actually play the game differently depending on your build.There are some rough edges though:The RNG (Random Number Generator) seems to have problems - in any given game, I may get anything up to ten duplicates of any given epic item, and I'll usually only see a fairly small subset of epic items, most of them repeated at least once or twice. It's actually really frustrating to go through a significant fight (some of the bosses can be quite tough) only to get your fourth Leander Green's Cannon, or your sixth Eldrick's backscratcher.The difficulty can be quite uneven, especially on higher levels. It's not uncommon in ultimate mode to be one-shot killed without even being aware what it was that killed you. That said, the balance is only occasionally a problem.The game mechanics are rich, but not well-documented - in particular, it's not clear what the percentage additions given by magical items actually do (i.e, if something says ""+20% cold damage"", does that mean that it adds that much damage to your attack, or that it increases the value of any base cold damage you do by that much?).The Crucible DLC is far too hard. I've managed to get five different characters to OP8 in Borderlands 2, so I think I can say that I understand how to optimize a character, but no matter how hard I try, I can't even get through the Crucible on Aspirant difficulty. The only saving grace is that the loot is good even if you die before finishing.When fighting big mobs, it's easy to lose your mouse pointer, which can make directed attacks very difficult.I would like to see a wider range of loot, or at least to see the loot that is there drop more randomly.I don't like the way that legendaries only drop beyond level 50 - everything else is scaled, so why can't they scale legendaries to lower levels too?I hate the way you start getting fewer skill points when levelling past level 50. It makes the late game seem much less satisfying, without any clear or obvious reason.None of these is game-breaking, though: on the whole, I love this game and can recommend it wholeheartedly to anyone who likes this type of dungeon-crawling, loot-gathering genre."
76561198014650167,Recommended,219990,25711637,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,azag_thoth66,Awesome game. Fun and relaxing as I hack through tons of enemies. Lots of different possible character builds. Gotta try them all. So hard to stick with one.
,Recommended,219990,25718932,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Saitama D Human,this game is great so many choices with just six classes that you can pick two of to blend into one unique class able to use various abilities from both. has huge skill and talent tree to allow for variety even among people with the same class. atm im testing out many classes for aoe elemental damage to see what fits my playstyle. id highly recommend this game for those who like diablo style arpgs and want complexity and variety among players.
,Recommended,219990,27125596,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nme1337,very addictive game! if you love titan quest or diablo 2 you'll love this too!
,Recommended,219990,27186773,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NEFRA,"Excellent Hack and Slash bien sombre et glauque, après la décéption qu'est Diablo III, Grim Dawn se veut plus ""suite spirituelle"" de Diablo II que Diablo III lui meme.Que ceux qui ont aimé Diablo II foncent sur Grim Dawn, ce jeu est fait pour vous."
,Recommended,219990,27180196,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChewMama,Best Game <333
,Recommended,219990,27150555,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ashenzor,I gotta say these devs know how to make a proper ARPG. Definitely one of the best games to come out of early access.
,Recommended,219990,27146727,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DadarMusk,If you like ARPG genre. try it
76561197993295194,Recommended,219990,21839775,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Goblin$,8.5/10 - A better Diablo 3 than Blizzard's shoddy offering.
76561198053297269,Recommended,219990,26081895,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,A Shiny Magikarp,"Definitely a fun game, if you're an ARPG fan you'll definitely get 50+ hours out of it. My best advice would be to check builds on forums because the few I've tried off the top of my head have been good enough for the first run through but have been seriously lacking for the next difficulty level."
76561198084414450,Recommended,219990,26116373,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,super7122,"Fun game but the environment is what made me love titan quest, Grim dawn's environment is like the typical rpg these days real dark and dreary."
76561198052601036,Recommended,219990,26125269,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Necrovex13,"If you are in anyway like me, an avid dark fantasy fan, metal head and RPG freak you are in for a treat with this gem!A perfect mixture of grim darkness, Occult rituals, Epic fantasy and Iron bits, put on your +3 blanky of fuzziness and delve into one of the greatest RPG experiences since Titan Quest!"
76561198036649401,Recommended,219990,26138208,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Naahhhhh,"Grim Dawn is a good value. At the price, I can't think of a better Diablo 2-like game (that's not to say that you can't find better for less... PoE for free is pretty darn good).The overall setting is, well, grim. And that is kind of cool. Almost a halloween type feel, perfect for this time of year anyway (this is being written in October). However, the story line and quests were not too compelling for me. I do think the game's creator truly did try to create compelling lore (tons and tons of books to pick up and read, as well as non-required conversations with NPCs). It just didn't pull me in. There are a handful of quests that allow for choice and consequence, but not enough for me to feel like a part of the story.The gameplay is actually quite good. I could never get my controller working quite the way I wanted, but that is likely more on me than anything else. Mouse and keyboard work great, though there are some levels (with staircases specifically) that cause problems with navigation if you don't click in the perfect spot for your character to run up.That leads me to my first real issue of the game, and that is the maps... there is almost zero variability. Once you have made it through the game once, you know the maps. The quest locations never change, so there is no real reason to do full clears after your first playthrough.The loot... oh the loot. This is where the game truly takes me back. After playing Diablo 3 far too much, I longed for the days of actually having to grind for gear you want. Kind of weird, I know, like asking to be tortured. But there is some satisfaction that comes from finding an epic piece of gear that your character can actually use.My second, and really last, complaint is the multiplayer. In normal mode, it is no big deal to have connection issues. But in hardcore mode... that can spell the end to your character. I generally speaking have good internet connectivity. So when a game with some frequency causes me to rubberband around, like this one, it makes me scratch my head. If you do plan on playing hardcore mode, I strongly suggest never playing online.My two complaints included, I strongly recommend this game. The support for it has been pretty good, the DLC is not necessary to enjoy the game to its fullest, and really, who doesn't like rolling trains over undead and worse?"
76561198016582165,Recommended,219990,26193028,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Yepow,"So... this is probably my favorite game of 2016, and maybe of 2014 through 2016.  Tons of depth, lots of replayability, nice scaling, reasonable, tunable difficulty, lots of ways to get there, lots of great items and things to encourage you to play alts.  Overall, awesome."
,Recommended,219990,26026198,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Rude Cookie,This game offers so much gameplay and fun for a very low price. I can't remember the last time I stayed up untill the moarning playing a game.
,Recommended,219990,25979909,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Thomean,"TLDR: I reccomend it, very fun to keep trying different classes and class combinations, can make it as difficult als you want.First of all, I'm a casual gamer. I'm not that good at games and in games like this I like to do whatever.If you like dungeon crawlers, action RPGs etc, then I highly reccomend this game.This review is purely about what I liked about the game.Difficulty:For me this game is not that hard, but it can be extremely difficult. If you play the game on normal you can do whatever with your build, you can combine any class and spend points where you like it and be succesfull. So even though the skillsystem might seem overwhelming, when you play on normal it is difficult to go wrong.If you play the game on a higher difficulty setting though you will need to farm items and think hard about your build. It can be usefull to look at some builds on the web, there are many.Gameplay:I like to play in many different ways. And this is defenitly possible. I often create a new character on a whim just  because I want to try something else. It is possible to dance around the screen with dual blades, to unleash massive spells and destroy everything around you, release the hounds and watch your pets wreak havock on your foes or you can just make a build where you left click on the enemy and watch them die one by one.What I like as well is that you can dodge most of the attacks in this game. It makes movement important if you want to survive when you are not extremely tanky.I do think the monsters tend to get a bit repetitive, but they are diverse enough to keep it interesting.EXPLORE A LOT, for there are many secret areas.The pace of the game is slow compared to games like Diablo, but I do like they don't just add more HP to enemies if you up the difficulty. (like Diablo does)I can't really talk about the endgame. After you finish the campaign you are around lvl 50 or something if you played on normal. After that the grind to 80 starts. You can restart the campaign on a higher difficulty with all you items, stats and ingame factions intact. But I like to play with a new character after finishen the game so I never really got to this point.Comparing to other games (I played):Diablo 3:- Slower paced- More diversity and control over you build/character- Relics > Gems- Less overflow of enemies and stacking of HP on higher difficultiesTorchlight 2:- Around the same pacing- More diversity and control over you build/character- Graphics are grim and realistic compared to TL2Titan Quest:- Spiritual Successor- Almost identical leveling and skill system- Faster leveling- YOU CAN STACK RELICSIf you like Titan Quest and Torchlight 2 I think you will like this as well. If you like very grim settings and dark worlds this is the world for you. I do think it is very difficult in pacing and playstyle to Diablo 3 but if you like Diablo you will probably have some fun in this game.Hope this is a usefull review, it is my first and probably very long :)"
,Recommended,219990,26070391,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,aspirine,One of the best arpg I have played in the last couple of years. I would reccomend this game to everyone who loves the genre.
76561198084016590,Recommended,219990,26094101,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ChAoS,"OK, so i havent played as much of this as i have played other arpgs, but i got to say, there is something very gripping and addicting about grim dawn that i cant pin point. Its funny that this game can actually compete with POE and D3 easy.  It has its faults much like the others, but the leveling in the game is very rewarding given the fact that you are granted a daul spec  option and can really flesh out a very original build. though the build complexity is far more supieror than D3, it cant out match POE, but it rather blends both simplicity and complextiy to a nice meld. I for one am enjoying every aspect of this arpg, as for the company designing it, the makers of titan quest reassures me that its a high quailty arpg with alot going for it, Even funnier that there are more people playing this than POE at times lol."
76561198212379685,Recommended,219990,26021030,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,AutomataA2,Just need someone some more Dlc's to come out
76561197988146408,Recommended,219990,26109231,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,POTION SELLER,"Everyone always says their favorite non-d3 arpg is ""what diablo 3 should have been"" but Grim Dawn is titan quest and diablo 2's modern love child. It is definitely a must have for any dungeon crawler fan. Tons of builds, tons of replayability, multiplayer, singleplayer, satisying gameplay. It's an all around solid game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,219990,26342053,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,masterbard,"ARPG perfection that scratches every itch. Story, loot, detailed world, secrets, crafting, factions, quests. Better than the vast majority of RPGs and undoubtedly the finest I've played in 49 years of gaming. The only downside is that, at some point, it will come to an end. Everything Diablo III could've hoped to have been. Buy without hesitation. Buy every bit of DLC. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,219990,27215914,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ViZniuX,"I recommend this game, because It reminds me a bit of Dungeon siege and I like that.Of course there are few minuses of this game, for example: they could add more attributes, because only 3 (physique, cunning, spirit) are available. Well, in my opinion this game worth a try, good luck :D"
,Recommended,219990,27145999,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ironica,If you liked Diablo 2 and Titan Quest buy this
,Recommended,219990,27160788,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Quiet,"A pleasant surprise I picked up on an earlier sale. It is a good heir for games like Titan Quest or Diablo II, with lots of replayability. The latter is thanks to its almost mandatory multi-classing, that allows you to tailor your character to your preferred tactics.And if you want some arcade-y fun that breaks the mold on the ""story mode"", you can also get the Crucible DLC, for a ""survival mode"" battle arena. The rewards you get for your performance carry on in the story mode, too.I can absolutely recommend it."
76561198040905282,Recommended,219990,27164882,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,devilman,The BEST arpg I`ve ever played. It is a must play.
76561198061023780,Recommended,219990,27163098,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hotstool,Love it.
,Recommended,219990,27165595,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChuckLee,"I got the early access version of the game and immediately loved it. Too bad I didn't play for a while because the game wasn't complete yet.Now I'll have to restart from zero because I forgot what loots are worth keeping or not. But this is a good thing, 'coz this is probably the best H&S out there."
,Recommended,219990,27211345,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,M.,The best ARPG there is since Diablo 2. By far.
76561198033978084,Recommended,219990,26193583,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,PKM,This game is awesome!!I have been playing Grim Dawn and love it.  I don't have too much time but when I do I play this game.  The game plays like a great diablo style game.  Alot of thought has been put into this game!
76561198251519604,Recommended,219990,26193605,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,bobnelsonr007,Very fun game brings back memory of Diablo series
,Recommended,219990,26227323,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Whitturne,Game is excellent until you reach end game and sort of run out of things to do and you find yourself running around aimlessly. Lacks the polish of a Diablo 3 (unfair I know given the difference in studios) and certainly lacks the end game content. Would recommend because for the price you really can't go wrong and it is a bloody impressive ARPG for about 50 hours.
76561198028624739,Recommended,219990,26251547,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,citytianyu,"So much fun I got from this game. The biggest difference from the other APRG game is its rich 'talent' (or skills, whatever) system. We can build a character with 2 classes' skill tree, and get talent points from rune. This makes the builds differ and uinque if you don't look for some optimal combination on the internet. The second class could make your character either strong on some specific direction or all-around.On the other hand, the character cannot benifit much from the extra talent tree before level 45~50. I think that is designed for purpose so that even after the players reach their both classes' level cap, they still can find something to make progress and improve their characters' abilities. It works. At least better than some 'paragon level'.You can see many features that is designed for very high levels characters, which shows that the developers are very ambitious to have the players to play for a very long time and play through the game again and again not only for better gears (well, you know, it cannot be avoid for an APRG game)."
76561197992440370,Recommended,219990,26468266,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,garphield,"After a few first hours with the game I must say it ticks all the boxes for me as a Diablo 2 fan. Grim, grindy (in a good way) and tonnes of fun!"
76561198079357884,Recommended,219990,26526119,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Patrick Swazzy,I may only have around 2 hours into this game but from what i have played it is very good. It knows how to get you in the zone and make hours feel like 30 minutes. I highly recommend this game to any one who likes a long and challenging game that has plenty of content to keep you playing for hours on end and i hope that this game keeps me entertained for the long run 9.5/10
76561197977922337,Recommended,219990,26527069,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Attila,"Ill keep this simple because it wont need to be complicated.Diablo III is the game we wanted.Grim Dawn is the game we deserve.This is the Diablo game i was hoping for but never got. Its dark, grim and deep. This feels like Diablo II but with so much more. Character customization is in depth and actually fun. You can make any kind of character you want within the games very different character classes. Ive been playing for 30 hours and still enjoy the challanging yet repetitive combat. Its a title you probably wont like if you are not a fan of ARPG's.If you like Diablo or Titan Quest This is the game for you."
,Recommended,219990,26477696,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Deckard Pain,Just the best arpg.
,Recommended,219990,26569746,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,selfish_gene,"I have not been so invested in a game this much since I played old school rpgs. The game looks great, sucks you in to an amazing environment. The sound track is very well directed as well, subtle in some locations and adds to the dreary mood of the game! There is some nostalgia in this game that I cant really place my finger on, I highly recommend playing it!"
,Recommended,219990,26484175,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,{LEO} 3CH0PL3X,"Fantastic game. Very moody and ""grim"". It does freeze my whole pc from time to time for some reason though, not real sure what causes it. Hopefully there will be a fix soon. Aside from that this game destroys Diablo 3 however I'd like to see online mode because i can't seem to access it if it's available? No games show up..."
,Recommended,219990,26539896,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kiffen,Liked diablo 2? liked path of exile? want to chill with a new similar game? Pick this baby up.
76561198010271715,Recommended,219990,26567114,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,MASTER DRAGON,wow this game is hard but very fun i like how it lets u make a choice on what u wana do and that it might mess u up in the long run. it feels very much like diablo 2 dark and grim lol.  8/10 good game worth the $$$$
76561198044816380,Recommended,219990,26703239,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BIG_KITTY,"Amazing Game,the ARPG this generation deserves.The only shame is the lack of publicity it has recieved.I've played Diabo 3, Torchlight 2, and Path of Exile, and this game is the most satisfying and fun to play in my book.10/10 would reccommend."
76561198170085262,Recommended,219990,26665553,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,NataliaKai,"This game is absolutely amazing, i really love playing it and this is my go to for relaxing"
,Recommended,219990,26694679,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,quack im a dog,I have to say something so I recommend this game.
,Recommended,219990,26689499,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Armorpig,"Good Diablo inspired clone. If Diablo or Torchlight isn't the genre for you, this ain't for you. Interesting story look forward to the next installment if there is one."
76561198208318784,Recommended,219990,26652510,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Maxemonticus7,"Great diablo-ish game. Not as shiny, but still great."
,Recommended,219990,26683789,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,mrp0padopolis,"Similar to Diablo 2, but with modern, deep levelling systems. Class system is a little too complex and specific, but rewarding."
,Recommended,219990,26591245,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,BrudnyRobert-Parapetiusz-,This is a pure gem among modern hack and slash aRPG's. If you loved Titan Quest you'll love GD. Everything what was great about TQ is here with some improvments.+ huge differantial world to explore. 100hours of gameplay if you finish all side and fraction quests and like loot grind from time to time.+ playing in coop is load of fun.+ good difficulty balance+ great dual class system+ accurate rewarding loot system+ various interesting enemies+ dark hostile postapocaliptic locations- reputation farming can be pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ its far to hard to reach highest reputation level- lack of npcs worth to remember- veteran difficulty can be too easy for arpg veterans and elite difficulty is locked until you finish the game
,Recommended,219990,26595748,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Cpt. Speirs,"Very nice game with very nice class combinations. But:- Playing same storyline again and again becomes boring after a while. But isn't that something we do at all h&s games?- Class combinations are very fun to make, but drops get annoyingly rare after hitting max level.- DLC was fun to try, but game needs more like ""dungeon instance"" to play co-op. Farming waves for drop is not cool.- And there should be more cinematics in-game. At the beggining, it was giving the feel that ""ooh thats gonna be a nice story"". But only at the beggining."
76561197970663385,Recommended,219990,28506625,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,7strbass,I'd love to write a review about how this awesome game out-diablos diablo 2 (as I remember it - haven't played it since it was new) but ...i can't do that yet i can't do that yet i can't...
76561198059641737,Recommended,219990,28505174,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Sevrin,Do you like diablo 2? because this is diablo 2.
76561198039929207,Recommended,219990,26368112,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,whathappenus,"This game is a gem. A successor of Titan Quest (TQ) and a welcome variant to ARPG from those of us who enjoyed but are a little tired of (the excellent) Diablo 3 (D3). Like TQ and unlike D3 here you make characters by combining 2 classes. Each class has many different branches. You also select stats when leveling. The result is a lot of depth and variety in customizing your character.  You can create a ""pure"" mage, brawler, ranged character. But even those ""pure"" archetypes have different variants. Or you can combine them to create a battle mage, a pet class, a gunslinger and many others. Speaking of guns, one of the classes is the demolitionist, which can use in bombs, mines, mortars. The game throws you less mobs than D3 so it is a bit slower, which again is a nice change, but not too much slower; you still be killing scores of mobs just not scores*scores of mobs. Perhaps the most interesting change is that the game doesn't feel like you are rushing to high level to start the ""real"" game. In GD, the ""real"" game starts at level 1. It encourages a lot of exploration as you find special altars scattered throughout the world that when activated gives you access to special powers called ""devotions"". These are represented as constellations (similar to Skyrim) and there are dozens such constellations each having some 5 powers. Again you have a lot of customization options.A short addendum: I recently discovered that Grim Dawn has a very active mod community. I installed the necromancer mod: awesome. ARPG fans can't go wrong with getting this game."
,Recommended,219990,20247300,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Buddy Love,"In the spirit of Titan Quest and Titan Quest: Immortal Throne, and an evolution of its distant cousins in the Diablo franchise, Grim Dawn is a somewhat linear ARPG with an incredible array of features, skills, and environments that make it a truly enjoyable experience for fans of the genre.The graphics are somewhat dated, but what it doesn't have in ""flash"" it certainly makes up for in content.I'm glad I kept up with this title.  As soon as I received my Facebook update that the game was ""content complete"" I jumped into Early Access, and I'm liking what I'm seeing.It could use some polish, but I'll reserve final judgment until the official release in February with the hope that some minor fixes will be introduced for the small but annoying issues I've encountered.UPDATE:I'm still loving Grim Dawn. It seems every time I come back to revisit the game something else has been improved or added. You can definitely tell that it is a labor of love for the developers, and it receives a LOT of praise from the community. There are still some tweaks I'd like to see but overall I am very satisfied with this game. If you're a fan of the ARPG genre then definitely pick up this title."
76561198073121578,Recommended,219990,28381646,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Emperor_MID,"One of the best ARPG's out there - you will want to play through multiple times to try out new character combination (you can select two different sets of skills, plus a third layer called devotion). In total there are hundreds of viable builds you can play with."
76561198036487052,Recommended,219990,28381796,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BEEF LUMPS,Going to add another +1 like to this game everybody already likes.If you played and liked any ARPG then you'll like this one.
,Recommended,219990,28330676,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Presha,One of the better hack and dlash dungeon crawler games out there. Comparable to Path of exile.A must have.
76561198027507032,Recommended,219990,28330682,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ZalTheMan,I absolutely love this game! good gameplay good graphics!
,Recommended,219990,28327583,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,JecraDK,It's amazing how much this reminds me of Diablo II. It really just succeeds in all the places than an ARPG is supposed to. I think the last bit of the main quest line felt a bit rushed though.
,Recommended,219990,28575508,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Stormicus,Great game. Has alot of depth and the gameplay is smooth and fluid.
,Recommended,219990,28211122,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,UnholyWar,This is definitely an addictive game and it really scratched an itch that I have had for this genre of game style. Lots of replayability as well. i have payed way more for games that don't even compare to this one. I recommend it and I hope that the developers keep it coming!
76561198153758897,Recommended,219990,28215400,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Akira101,Very good game. But tends to have crashes in multiplayer which is the downside.
76561198019549269,Recommended,219990,28264119,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,spacegoast,wonderful game!
76561197980699381,Recommended,219990,28267003,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Mr. Zombie,"Great game. Awesome atmosphere, action and adventure."
,Recommended,219990,28154488,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Omeron,very much the return of titanquest
76561198283804671,Recommended,219990,30971291,Posted: 5 April,all,EC LIU,"如果你喜欢刷装备的游戏，我非常推荐这个，也可以带上朋友一起来刷，中文汉化在百度一搜都有。if you wanna play games with gather equipments, it is a good choice for you, you also can play with your friends."
76561198036008047,Recommended,219990,28225472,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,SinfulMonk,Love the game play but I think the skill tree could do with a spruce up.Almost as good as Titan Quest
,Recommended,219990,26472188,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mark (OoieGooie),"For $10 the game is a thumbs up. Unfortunately it was also ininstalled after 20hours as I was bored.It's a shiny game but has nothing new to add to the genre. The character systems looks complex but it seems to be a pretty dull system. Whatever character you make you either shoot or stab and both are stiff and dull.Maybe end-game is great? I never got there and frankly if the journey isn't fun, I'll never see it.6\10"
,Recommended,219990,28694764,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,phazedreality,Diablo 2 and Path of Exile had a kid.I didn't even know they were pregnant.Cute kid.
76561198201483914,Recommended,219990,28713145,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,christinadietzen,Love this game. One of my favorite rpgs.
76561197973951352,Recommended,219990,28227361,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Mehlhavoc,"I stumbled on Grim Dawn hanging out in my queue of games to check out. I really just love games with solid storylines and fun game play; Grim Dawn has just that! The Hack and Slash really brought me back to Diablo 2, I wasnt the biggest fan on D3 but in the first few days of owning Grim Dawn I've enjoyed it immensley. Combat has been awesome with my witchblade (soldier + occoultist dual spec) and im really enjoying the story so far and hope to learn more as I am only in act 3 right now! Overall Im just impressed with title so far and am stoked to complete the game.If you love really cool and diverse specs/tress to follow for characters, hack and slash, and just an overall awesome and very solid ARPG you've found it!Edit: One con that im seeing; I think the spec trees could use a little refinement and diversification but that's the only ""complaint"" (which it isnt cause the game still rules) I have.Edit 2: Beat the game. Beautiful, this game is worth so much more than it's price. Definitely wanted more from the story in the end but still loved every moment of the game. Loved the questlines, loved the lore, it was just a great game."
76561198017655277,Recommended,219990,28685676,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sunfanel,"While slightly frustrating at times due to the way character progress works (which I personally find excessively slow), Grim Dawn remains an amazingly fun and well polished ARPG that will keep you glued to the screen long enough for you to start losing track of time."
76561198130186490,Recommended,219990,28685970,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Chronic ion,"What Diablo III should have been?  Yes... exactly.  Awesome game, very addicting, and a deep upgrade system that leaves room for multiple playthroughs.For those of you who say it doesn't have full controller support, you just didn't try hard enough.  The default controller setup is genius once you figure it out.  Unfortunately there aren't any controller buttons shown in the tutoring/hints boxes.    Click the right analog stick to activate mouse mode... this will allow you to use the right analog stick as a mouse, then click the right stick again to select things."
76561197968981432,Recommended,219990,28676397,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fastbikkel,"Nice game so far, but the sound has issues sometimes and i have to restart the game.And if i do alt-tab, the sound is always gone for sure.Sound randomly fails by either stopping completely or starting to loop."
,Recommended,219990,28686878,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Whiu,"This game with the correct lore should be called Diablo III, that is the impression after 1 hour playing it."
,Recommended,219990,28673188,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,IRAN SGT.warrior,this game is nice and have so mission i love it
76561198028113033,Recommended,219990,28719745,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,CptKerion,"The game takes a similar tone to the Diablo franchise, while making use of all the things learned from the Titan Quest franchise and from The Chosen: Well of Souls, and does it at least as well, if not generally better than most of those that preceeded it.The game is can be taken at a range of paces, from careful and methodical to a hyper aggressive blitz, plentiful with the loot, and has a huge variety of little tricks.Every class combination has merits, and even within a single specialization there is a huge variety of ways to play, multiplied massively by the interaction between classes. The devotion system lets you either enhance your own specialization, or shore up positions where your build might have weaknesses (for example, on my glass cannon of a character I grabbed one that throws up an ablative force field at 40% health).One of the best things about Grim Dawn, especially compared to many of its recent competitors, is that crowd control is amazing, and every last class has some form of it. Each method of crowd control is great, and varied and useful in a wide variety of situations. The recharge times on the abilities are pretty fast too, which lets you use them often enough to REALLY work them into your style.Of course, for as powerful as your character is, the enemies don't pull their punches either. Difficulty has a good ramp to it, letting you get the hang of your character and the game for a little, then working its way up to high intensity battles. If you find normal too easy, turn on veteran difficulty and you will not find yourself wanting for a challenge.Unlike many other games in the genre, you don't have long between fights, and often while defeating one group of enemies, you'll draw several others. All of these drop wonderful, wonderful loot. Of course, there is no way one hero can use all this loot themselves, and you will find that your shared stash has ample room for all your ""foisting off on the rookie character"" needs."
76561198035953652,Recommended,219990,29269287,Posted: 15 January,all,Red Riding Hood,"Fantastically challenging and underrated title, completely holds it's own against other contenders on the market.Seriously, I've had Torchlight for longer and I've come back to this far more often."
76561198029265157,Recommended,219990,29276927,Posted: 15 January,all,StefBrown93,Very fun and addicting game. Recommended if you like ARP Games. This one has a very in-depth customisation tree also.
76561198241216010,Recommended,219990,23438871,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Low Fat,"Great mixing of two classes, high replayability.Not too hard on leveling, and decent graphics.Never try multiplayer, not sure if it works well.Only known bug is sometimes the game chrashes when you trying to exit to desktop,You should play in windowed mode to avoid the crash.Other than that, it is 8/10"
,Recommended,219990,23437556,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ShinigamiXII,Worth way more than what the price is now. Great developers. What diablo 3 should have been like.
,Recommended,219990,23150298,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,achloryn,"As a long time ARPG fan, this is an excellent game. I was vaguely aware of it through it's extended alpha and beta test phases, but I hadn't heard any specifics until recently. The environment reminds me a lot of Path of Exile, which is great. It's gritty and dark, and you get a real sense of the survivalist mentality of everyone you come across. Where this game pulls ahead of PoE though (in my opinion) is the story. Path of Exile sets a great mood with a rich environment, but it doesn't really expand on it. Grim Dawn has tons of little lore snippets hidden through the world, with little random happenings that draw you in in a way that PoE never did.This game is also challenging, but it's a gradually occurring challenge. To me, where Path of Exile really flopped was the building up of difficulty. You would finish act 3 and go into act 4 and suddenly you're just getting absolutely smacked around for no real reason, and it doesn't make much sense. GD slowly builds and builds and builds, the way it should be. It doesn't feel like any one step is TOO much of a leap from the previous on, until you turn around and look back at where you started.As I said, this is all strictly my opinion, of course. I want it understood that I do still enjoy Path of Exile, but I feel like Grim Dawn is the better game. PoE can be extremely overwhelming to new players, even veterans of isometric ARPGs like myself. Grim Dawn is complex, but in a way that doesn't throw eleventy hundred choices at you at once going ""ALRIGHT TIME TO PICK NOW, CHUCKLES."" I like that. I also like that it doesn't penalyze you TOO harshly for doing things ""wrong."" In PoE if you build your character wrong, you might as well delete it and reroll, and that's just time consuming as hell. In GD you can respec your character almost completely, without having to delete. Of course, changing classes will still require a new character, and you CAN screw up badly enough (if you over-invest in Masteries) that you might need to reroll, but it's far less punitive than PoE.All in all, Grim Dawn offers a Path of Exile-ish experience, throwing the entire Encyclopedia Britannica as it's instruction manual, then just telling you better have the first half memorized by the time you hit act 4. It's much more beginner friendly, but that doesn't make it easy by any means. Well worth the $25 sticker price. thumbs up."
76561198047245689,Recommended,219990,23206674,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Argurios,This is my first Review.I have really enjoyed Grim Dawn so far im lvl 78..I find ultimate a little stressful with the dieing and losing XPBut if you are a lover of POE and Diablo then this is the game for you. I love the freedom to craft your character how you want.Buy it you wont regret it.
,Recommended,219990,26915175,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PaleRick,"A far better titan quest, good fun, lots of replayability, multiplayer doesnt seem too active tho when it comes to pubs."
,Recommended,219990,26362120,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,kuddin,As a fan of grinding and one that misses d2 elements I recommend this game!
,Recommended,219990,26535176,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,D_sec |t°v°|t,Great game . Almost same gamestyle like PoE with a bit harder core resistance for me .
76561198086995693,Recommended,219990,26055923,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,A slightly disapponinting salad,no words.
,Recommended,219990,26059913,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Pavalon,"I love this game, lots of funny builds that can be tried and several grinding ways!"
,Recommended,219990,26115729,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Broga,"The best ARPG I have played since Diablo 2, and honestly better.  Grim Dawn has the same atmosphere I loved about Diablo 1 with more character customization than Diablo 2.  The story has much more RPG elements than you generally find in this genre to boot.  I consider this a 'must buy.'"
76561198050877956,Recommended,219990,25978534,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Lunitari,Alot of fun with great class options with a nice dark theme alot of fun
,Recommended,219990,26178792,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Suedama,"A good game for any fans of Diablo 1 & 2 who may have been more than disappointed by how Diablo 3 turned out.  While I don't have much history with the isometric ARPG genre other than the aforementioned games, I did sink a lot of hours into D2 in high school.  The atmosphere is dark and dreary, and the writing while not on par with D 1 and 2, is still passable.  There's a good variety of enemy types, and weapon/armor types for all you treasure hunters out there.  It provides fairly fast-paced gameplay and a fairly in-depth leveling system.If I had to complain about anything it would be that said leveling system is a bit too deep.  Having to stop every time I pop a level and spend time allocating skill points and attribute points to each of my two class specs really serves only to slow down the action.  Even D2's leveling system, while complex, didn't require a great deal of time away from the action to figure out what you wanted to do.  However that and a few minor nitpicks aside, I really recommend this game to anyone who may have been a classic Diablo fan."
,Recommended,219990,26172768,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Tec,"didn't know about this game until i saw Chhcarnage play it on twitch.i feel silly not knowing about this game as it is awesome.  This game excels in rewarding gameplay and supports coop the way we (my buddy and i) like it.  Its great hack 'n slash and feels like progressing with loads of rewards drops and items. It has been long since we had to decide what to take andwhat to drop and oh man. this game looks amazing.so:gameplay is great. It plays like a charm and feels responsive.visuals are really nice. (flames, explosions) Somethimes its hard to find your character back in all the mayhem.sound: on par. Soundtrack is also very good.setting up coop is made easy (we had to fiddle a little with UPNP settings on the router of the hosting side.)coop gameplay is great. make sure to setup a password if you dont want to have unknown players on your session.The game is relative cheap...  so no reason not to try it."
76561197998626930,Recommended,219990,26786782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,*****1987,Awesome RPG!
76561198026216944,Recommended,219990,26791687,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,i_am_a_banana,"This is a great ARPG, combining different classes means you can come with many different playstyles, there are many secrets to find while exploring the maps, and combining different loot and devotion skills with your base build can really change how your character plays through the course of the game."
,Recommended,219990,26784159,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lorddodon,Great game !!! buy it^^
76561198332708674,Recommended,219990,26766128,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Panzy-andyd180,"Pretty fun game, I recommend using the mod, ""DAIL"" if you want it to be even better."
,Recommended,219990,26963243,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wang,Best thing since Titan Quest
,Recommended,219990,27012670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HOJUX,"This game is great,  feels just like a action RPG should and has a lot of build variety."
,Recommended,219990,27017691,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xendless.,This game is a blast to play after dealing with the frustration of Diablo 3 sliding down the toilet.
,Recommended,219990,27026011,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Smitty,The best ARPG out right now.
76561197989812811,Recommended,219990,26869747,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kamasan,"Very well done action RPG, with a nice and different seting, tons of ways of customization for your weapons and skills. Unfortunately there is a lack of coesion in the story, with a sudden change of focus in what seemed to be a side quest and sudenly ends the game. (looks lika a hook for future expansions...)."
76561198016763521,Recommended,219990,26872593,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darkhollow,This game is so addicting if you are into Diablo`esque games. If you are itching for a dark gothic ARPG with lots of loot and customization look no further than Grim Dawn.
76561198047252249,Recommended,219990,26878469,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lyty,dude you need to buy this game and play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of itI've spent more than 1000 hours on D3 but just 50 hours with this game give me much more happiness
76561197970650315,Recommended,219990,26877501,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RT,"A nice compromise between Diablo 3 and Path of Exile, a Solid ARPG. Thanks Devs!"
76561198157738379,Recommended,219990,26830946,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daemonaz,Totally customizable build that lets you kill your way. What more do you need?
,Recommended,219990,21675112,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Xoladnaye,I didnt made but this things is something my blizzard buddies couldnt make even with all that budget they have now.10/10 would make microtransactions11/10 would gamble legendaries
,Recommended,219990,22505550,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,ILiKE2PArTY,"Grim Dawn in one sentence:Slaughtering monsters and men in a disturbing and dark universe with a marvellous crafting system and a nearly endless array of viable and fun builds.It's dirt cheap, it's crazy fun, the lore is awesome and the developers deserve support.This game is the best ARPG I have ever played. I strongly recommend it!"
76561197961439760,Recommended,219990,25875172,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Agent Sno0gins,"Probably the best Diablo clone I've ever played. (I hate using that term, but when you say ""diablo clone"" everyone knows what you mean)Gritty atmosphere, Lovecraftian inspired magic and monsters thrown around.Good class diversity...though needs some love to the magic casters.9/10"
76561197993629645,Recommended,219990,26077567,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Gondoix,pretty good game if u liked dungeon siege 2 from 2006 then u will like this better than diablo 3 ;)
76561198052497862,Recommended,219990,25957527,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Driverben,"This game has come a long way since I originally bought it. I take some long stints of not playing, I tend to overdo it and burn myself out of a game, but I always come back.Graphics have come a long way, still not amazing, but for an ARPG I don't have very high expectations for huge amounts of detail as I usually play fairly zoomed out.I'm not one of those people who try to min/max a class, I just pick what I think would enjoy and go for it and try to make it work. I've come out with a glass cannon ranged class that works pretty damn well, but is super squishy. Also a super tanky character who apparently uses a wet noodle as a weapon.I've done single player for the most part, but it's always fun to have a random person drop in and chat with while clearing groups of mobs. I've actually had some great insight as to how to build my current class just by partying with randoms.Story bosses are pretty fun and unique. This game also does not have randomly generated dungeons, worlds, etc. like Diablo does which is OK for me, some may not enjoy that. I've come across random scenarios that pop up that I haven't seen on other playthroughs which is pretty interesting, not sure if it's an RNG thing or just pure luck in wandering into the right location.Since first playing there was only 4 classes to choose from, recently added 2 more (not sure on the exact date). You can mix and match up to 2 classes so far.Overall I'm a pretty casual player for this game, but it's a great time killer that I always end playing for +4 hours every session without even realizing it."
,Recommended,219990,26822765,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord Walleo,"Grim Dawn is a great ARPG game that has much to offer. Many decisions to make, masteries to combine and toy with, and a modding community that has some crazy stuff. Saving the world from some crazy monstrosities is definitely interesting."
,Recommended,219990,26494736,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Dean Mitrenga,I would recommend this game due to its replayability.Core elements of the ARPG has been kept and the title of the game only reflects half of the grim atmosphere. Would buy again 8/10.
,Recommended,219990,21156930,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Donk,rly good
,Recommended,219990,26938276,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Der Kaiser,"this games is made by the makers of titan quest and it really shows, though i hope they come out with expansions and have a massive explorible world like they did in Titan Quest. my review may not say it but i bought it in early access."
76561198080719228,Recommended,219990,26944454,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dert,One of the best ARPGs I've played. Very dark and depressing tone that is very attractive at the same time. 10/10 would gib again.
76561197978161690,Recommended,219990,26944605,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JG Wentworth,"Great game! Love the play style. Better than some of these types of games. Easy to find your way around, smooth graphics. Worth the buy if you are into these types of games"
,Recommended,219990,26958715,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bravehood,"Definitely the best ARPG imo, get it if you like a challenging arpg game"
76561197969696834,Recommended,219990,26968444,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Rockso (I do Cocaine...),"There's really not much that needs to be said about Grim Dawn that other reviewer's haven't covered - if you like old school ARPG's, enjoyed Diablo 2:LOD and Titan Quest, this is a must have. Countless hours will be wasted."
,Recommended,219990,26931387,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,grzywa,"Game totally worth buying. I spent about 300 hours on it and I still feel like I just scratched the surface. Art style is great and gameplay itself resembles golden age of ARPG's and is similar to classic like Diablo 2, but a lot better. It basically is what Diablo 3 should've been. Give this game some love and you'll have tons of fun. Also both modding scene and frequent updates make you want to re-play this game. Get it!"
76561197960496893,Recommended,219990,26931625,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Citadel,"Wow, one of the best games I have been able to play. Takes a good spin on the Diablo clone and makes things work"
,Recommended,219990,26938980,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,<<D.O.W>>Ghost77,This game has come along way .If you need a break from d3 give this one a try you won't be disappionted !
,Recommended,219990,26941559,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JeFawk,"Pretty decent replacement for Diablo really, some abilities are rather odd and not fitting for the spec you choose and that's about all I can say about it since I've yet to play much."
,Recommended,219990,26947613,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Schnitz76,Such a fun game.  The mousing is spot on for an ARPG!  I love not having to destory my mouse playing this game.
,Recommended,219990,26946295,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Metalarc,An improvement over Titan's Quest in everyway
,Recommended,219990,26946603,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IbianPahiva(Xbox One p\ venda),"Really awesome, insipired by ""Diablo"" and ""Titan Quest"""
,Recommended,219990,26968056,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dreadark,im making this review for level 4 of the steam awards badge. (really great game though 9/10. do buy it.)
76561198026368783,Recommended,219990,26955546,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,~xXx~LePunk,"Bought this on sale, weren't expecting much. I've enjoyed it so much, it's extraordinary. I quit Diablo 2 to play Grim Dawn more instead. Do recommend, every build is fun."
76561198119454027,Recommended,219990,26955709,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jango519,The best way to describe this is as what diablo 3 should have been.
76561198118039096,Recommended,219990,27066429,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zeoxult,"Really fun game, especially with the DAIL mod installed. People try to compare this to diablo but they are very different play styles."
76561198099272400,Recommended,219990,27067924,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,trrz1,A decent ARPG pulls you in for a wild run and you can let it go for 50 hours of the campaign.Should easily scratch the itch of anyone not satisfied with D3
76561198031523089,Recommended,219990,26845354,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eldakar,Grim Dawn is a good offline ARPG. Its complicated enough to be enjoyable on multiple playthrough without getting boring. Its action is gritty and gory. The class system bring back good Titan Quest memory and translate well in the modern day game.
76561198335055160,Recommended,219990,26848469,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlienMobster,Diablo's sister.
,Recommended,219990,26850945,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,phat fuck,"One of the best ARPGs out there, LOTS of different playstyles!"
,Recommended,219990,26852768,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Minmataro,"Grim Dawn is a dark and gritty point to click action rpg made by the developers of Titan Quest. It offers a duo class system, randomized enemy placement, a massive and highly detailed campaign and randomized rogue dungeons as an ""endgame"".If you enjoy other action rpg like Torchlight 2 or Path of Exile this will be right up your alley. The game runs well on budget hardware, looks nice and well... everything just works right. This is probably my favorite pc game of 2016. Buy it asap."
76561198198896114,Recommended,219990,26928787,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jutomo,Legendary Diablo-like RPG game. You should not miss it!
76561198022897679,Recommended,219990,26928191,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deidriim,"One of the most complex, build driven ARPG's up to date. Totally worth every penny from start to finish, endgame is carefully planned, loot is powerful and you get the feeling that need to play for just a little bit more to get better gear or as i call it ""5 minute syndrome"". I would consider this a true heir to Diablo 2, play it already."
76561198030848132,Recommended,219990,26947233,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,db_kck,"Any one that is remotely in to ARPGs should give this game a try, it is regularly 24.99 and is currently on sale for 14.99.I have dumped close to 400 hours in to this and I have played all of the Diablos, Path of Exile, Champions of Norrath, Dark Alliances, Torchlights, Titan Quest, Sacreds, Dark Stone and I might even be missing a couple.  Out of any of those, have I achieved the joy level of customizing a character so many times over.Pros-Character Customization(Uses a dual-class system as well as a Zodiac style astral chart)Spell effects(Your traditional types as well as Aether which is unique)Gritty sounds, accent the dark loreLore background, story is uniqueTime period is also unique, post apocalyptic/medieval but with guns/magicFirst DLC is cheap and a nice alternative, you can level a character and gear them completely this way if the main game gets too oldCons-Story presentation isn't on the level of Diablo so it isn't that interesting unless you go out of your way to read through lore and dialogue.Graphics are decent for an ARPG but the game can get TOO dull at timesBetween the 3 heavyweights, PoE, this and Diablo 3 I choose this, I have played all 3 to end game content and I always end up back to Grim Dawn..Any ARPG fan needs to try this out."
,Recommended,219990,26861422,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LolsLikeMuttley,"Grim Dawn is a throwback to Titan Quest and Diablo and Torchlight and has congealed to produce a glorious compelling click fest that you'll sink hours into in the blink of an eye. I’m a sucker for action rpg’s and I am happy to report this one is a lot of fun.The environments are gorgeous, the skill sets varied, the crafting options are sound and inventory management is a joy. If you crave something a little grittier than the cartoon good looks of Diablo 3 & Torchlight you can’t go too wrong with this dark apocalyptic vision of the future."
,Recommended,219990,26862016,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Positron,solid
,Recommended,219990,27582316,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ricky,SeemsPrettyGood Kappa
76561197973173019,Recommended,219990,27582114,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scipio,"Nominated for ""best take on the zombie apocalypse"" a well worn trope, this game brings a fun diablo like loot grab, skill development action rpg game to steam.  I played through early development and finished shortly after it was completed.  If you like the genre grab it now."
,Recommended,219990,27576642,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pocket Sand,"One of my go-to ARPGs to add to the collection. Decent combat and with some complexity built for customization of your character, but not over the top; seems the devs have a nice balance of having choices (both character development and questing), but nothing that makes it like PoE.If you have enjoyed any of the Titan Quest games, Diablo franchise, Torchlight, Van Helsing, or PoE, give this game a try."
,Recommended,219990,27586110,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MahaRatjar,An excellent game that is way worth its price. Everybody who likes Diablo-likes and RPGs should play this. Especially fun when played as a group of 4.
76561198030128662,Recommended,219990,27561213,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Random,Epic
76561198057376106,Recommended,219990,27542047,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr.Rickle The Fickle Pickle,"Ending seems a little ant-climactic but after the hordes of enemies I slogged through to get to it, finally killing the final boss still felt satisfying. Other than that I find it hard to find points that bother me enough to complain about, especially after the voice-acting and faction system updates."
76561198067236304,Recommended,219990,27645812,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,magnolia0,Too time-consuming!
,Recommended,219990,27648287,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RockinGamer752,"If Diablo 2 and Path of Exile are two sides of a Venn diagram, then this is the overlap of all the good stuff in the middle- and it's fantastic. The engine has some optimization problems or something though, so expect it to make your PC run HOT."
76561197970517824,Recommended,219990,27650315,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,finchch,"This game.Yes, I really liked Titan Quest. When I heard that a lot of the same team were builing a new game, I was thrilled. I purchased it in early access...and wan to thrilled. So, I didn't play it often.The thing is, every time I went back, it got better. Better sounds, more involved quests, more customization of your character.Now that Grin Dawn is 'finished' (sans expected DLC, the lackluster ending is one of the few quibbles I have with it), I find it tremendously absorbing. Tweaking your toon via powers and outfits gives you so much choice. I honestly cannot think of another game where this is so fine-tuned (I am looking at you, Path of Exile) and so immediate.I nomtinate this for the ""Just 5 more minutes"" award. That slot used to be a no-brainer for Civ IV, but there is a new kid in town.For me, Grim Dawn is easily the most addictice click-fast since the original Diablo. Thanks, Crate Entertainment!9/10"
,Recommended,219990,27649611,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,nechaef,One of the best ARPGS out there. I started palying in early access and after about a 1000+ hours in I'm still playing it. And with a full expansion coming out in December I'm one happy gamer.
,Recommended,219990,27623572,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,0%,"Good. Insane. Madness.Heroes everywhere, deaths everywhere.So many choices, so little time.1k on record, still so much to do.Wow 10/10Play Enigma, blink, miss black hole, quit.The only con i can think of. There is a lot of annoying people that constantly ping the map, and or complain the whole game.Other then that. I recommend this game, most fun i had in awhile.Crazy. Where got time for this?"
76561198155060446,Recommended,219990,25543168,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,richard.lokasasmita,"I rarely write a review, but I make an exception for this game.Really recommended Action RPG (Hack and Slash) game. One of the best Action RPG games that I've played for the last 2 years. If you are Diablo fans, this game is definitely for you! Starting from the character development, all the endless dungeons and the story itself."
76561198075919423,Recommended,219990,25973260,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Broke Gode,"forgot to upvote sorry. nice game. bought in in EA and it is one of the few games i would buy again at EA. Like the fact that whatever i play kills stuff, which is nice"
76561198029011907,Recommended,219990,25961265,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Lunarus,Fun game
,Recommended,219990,27475455,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Astaroth,"This is an amazing game, I usually spend lot of my time playing it ."
76561198020737530,Recommended,219990,27463890,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RioCyan,"I've enjoyed this game since it first came out and every update since has brought more depth and replayability to it. The flexibility for character building is outstanding and every class/combo I've tried has been viable and just simply fun to play. Randomness of the drops combined with the variety of spells and weapons you can choose from makes every run feel new rather than repetitive. Add to that a story that gives you a sense of doing something important, plus the faction options that make your choices matter, add up to a game that's easy to recommend."
,Recommended,219990,27473020,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,r00r33,"I only just got this game but I've fallen in love.I generally don't care for these types of action rpgs, but this one actually feels like it's own game. Not just a remake of those before it.There's lots to loot and poke around and explore and it's a perfect co-op game, but it's also fun alone. It's a good ""zone out and kill stuff"" single player game.And it has controller support and works pretty flawlessly with the Steam controller, which really suits this sort of game."
,Recommended,219990,27101371,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,8on3,"As a fan of isometric ARPG, i can say, this is one of the best games out there."
,Recommended,219990,27437336,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Elias Ainsworth,Hack'n'Slash validated.
76561198057664952,Recommended,219990,27444094,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dc,Good game
76561198015106946,Recommended,219990,27454833,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tsgroentje,"A game you keep getting back to time after time again, because there is always one more monster to slay, or a better piece of equipment to find."
76561198056245277,Recommended,219990,28002882,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MrFranko88,Easily the best diablo clone ever made. If you enjoyed the Titan Quest games you will likely enjoy Grim Dawn even more as it has somewhat similar gameplay.Gameplay 10/10Setting 10/10Story 6/10Music 7/10Optimization 8.5/10Looting 10/10Solid 9/10 game and my personal GOTY.
,Recommended,219990,28002326,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cadillric,"A solid ARPG, if you enjoy diablo 2 or Titan quest this is a game to pick up. It has dual classing and a pretty freeform armoring system. let's you really build a class how you want it."
76561197991496360,Recommended,219990,27999425,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,torrpy,"One of the best RPG in a while , i have played 500+ hours and still feels fresh."
,Recommended,219990,27827808,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,4nt1,"Love this game, keeps getting better and is a lot of fun to play.Old school feeling but modern delivery, plenty of complexity and end game material to keep us busy.Crafting, skills and character development are all a lot of fun, looking forward to the next update!"
76561197997246057,Recommended,219990,27832511,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[#AR] Seta,"A spiritual successor to both Titan Quest and Diablo II, this games caters to the ""core"" audience of action RPGs: the ones that are obcessed with ""that perfect build""; but it's still enjoyable for the casual crowd: the ones who are just interested in walking through the story and enjoying the scenery while slaying monsters.If you belong to the first group is a must buy. If you belong to the second it's a solid timesink when you are bored of the usual big action RPGs out there."
,Recommended,219990,27638531,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sn0bl1nd,"What can I say? Played Titan Quest and Immortal Throne and was super excited to hear about Grim Dawn. I followed the development and bought it was soon as it was on Steam.I keep coming back to it, probably the only ARPG in the last few years that I've done this with.BUY IT. PLAY IT. LOVE IT."
,Recommended,219990,27749883,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Azrael,"Grim Dawn is a nice fresh entry in the ARPG scene.Having a very nice talent and skill system (similar to the godly Titan Quest) and a very engaging story, makes this game a jewel for hardcore and casual gamers.The eerie setting and the dark and almost lovecraftian character of the game keep me entertained for long."
76561197995899193,Recommended,219990,27749927,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Metzger,"This game captured me when I read it was an spiritual sucessor for Titan Quest, which was the closest thing from Diablo II I ever played, and the different mythologies were really nice.Strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,219990,27750069,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hames79,"Well worth the money. If you enjoyed Diablo 2, you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,219990,27787782,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pure Evil,BEAUTIFUL !!
76561197970613249,Recommended,219990,27788698,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,madslol,"Definitely what Diablo 3 should have been on release. Great story, great mechanics, great variation. Subclassing is awesome. Great fun!"
76561198207770109,Recommended,219990,27889529,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RockAxe,Dis game gud.
76561198072034937,Recommended,219990,27891599,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,samawowa,"This is the only game I ever bought in Early Access. I had played the previous game of most of the developers involved (Titan Quest) and I had really enjoyed that. Also, the reviews I had read painted a good enough picture of the state of the game. I believe it had the first three acts and most of the classes in the game at the time. I was impressed how stable and relative bug-free the game was.Now that it is finished with all the content, is officially released and has been ""in the wild"" for a some months, I am confident to be able to have a go at reviewing this game.For whom is this game? For anyone who has played Titan Quest, the old Diablo (2) and other Action-RPGs before.It basically is a Hack&Slash game. It is full of loot in several quality tiers. The world is big (not randomly generated) and diverse. The story is nothing great but adequate. The story and the quests are numerous and will keep you busy for quite a while. I always try to do all side quests and the game kept me busy for about 30-40 hours on one play-through. And there are two more difficulty levels to try.There are quite a few classes and as with Titan Quest at level 10 you can select a second class which you can level up as your primary class. This opens up quite a few possible class combinations to try and master. And on top of this is the new Devotion system where you get points for shrines that you cleanse and you can put these points in a completely different tree than the class tree. This adds another level of complexity to the game.If you are a fan of Action-RPGs, I can only recommend this game. It may not be as poilished as some of the other games but this is a very small developer and with their comparatively limited ressources they have created something fun and expansive. It will keep you busy for quite a while."
,Recommended,219990,27891759,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,derSanitöter,"""Stay a while and listen ...""I started pc gaming with Diablo 1 alone and on bnet.Now i am back after year of D1 and D2 with addons and play this gem.Nice graphics, grim look, superb atmosphere and nice sound and soundtrack.Even at 25$ it is worth every $ and minute you spend!"
76561198008054280,Recommended,219990,27943565,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Soul in Shadow,"If you have ever liked on of the Diablo games or one of the various ""Diablo clones"" you will love this game. good graphics, decent story and a leveling system that allow an almost infinite level of customisation"
76561197995932431,Recommended,219990,27780940,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sam Lawix,"Real successor of Diablo 2Pros- in-depth character leveling system, duel class allows for vast customization- interesting loots, no more boring item text like D3- choices matters, you might lost an NPC due to some choices, and then gain enough trust on one faction that the other one started to attacks youCons- seems optimization is not the best, getting some lag when in huge battles even with GTX1070"
76561198043884775,Recommended,219990,27822411,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Catalyst,If TitanQuest and Diablo 2 had a child it would be this. This game is absoloutly mindblowingly amazing. This should be seen as the true Diablo 2 successor.
,Recommended,219990,27827093,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DataTutash1a,"This is one of the best (if not the best) ARPGs I've played. In fact, this is what Titan Quest 2 should have been.The most prominent feature that makes all the replayability is dual-class system. Having 6 classes, this makes 15 unique combos, and each can be played in a few different styles. The amount and variativity of the builds is amazing even within a single class combination (e.g. there are about 5 completely different Soldier+Shaman builds that are effective in endgame).There's quite a lot of loot, as you may expect from an ARPG.The quests are lightly more meaningful than the ones in other ARPGs, some even offer choices that influence the surroundings or future encounters.There are regular free content updates that feature balance fixes, new quests, items and locations.The community in the game is quite friendly, and the devs often visit the forums to comment on what people think about particular mechanics and other things.The first expansion to the game with new areas and class(es) is currently under development, and I'm trully excited to try that out."
,Recommended,219990,28008956,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ZP,A classic for fans who loved Titan Quest
,Recommended,219990,27907689,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Klax,Lo que debería haber sido el Diablo III. Este juego es magistral!
76561198104933094,Recommended,219990,27907167,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,therainman9837,"Amazing game. More like Diablo 2 than anything out right now. I enjoy Path of Exile as well, but they are different enough to play and enjoy both."
76561198043621234,Recommended,219990,27530248,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hobo_Meow,"This game is pretty sweet. It what I wanted from Diablo 3 and Torchlight 2, more of customizable arpg that has some great sound and is very visceral!"
76561198051854893,Recommended,219990,27448330,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Toadily,"One of the most addicting features of this game, is creating a new character and being able to play it differently every single time."
,Recommended,219990,27461851,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sharrent,+ great dark atmosphere+ challenging+ many possibilities of character combination+ better than D3- need to be longer
76561198006544485,Recommended,219990,27479392,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Goratrix,10/10 and thats alll folks
76561198006975504,Recommended,219990,27524353,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hippie,Almost as good as Diablo
,Recommended,219990,27524629,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr_Srsly,"More fleshed out of the mainstream ARPG genre. Besides, you can be a pokemon master."
,Recommended,219990,27508318,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Toru,"This is kind of game that sneaks upon you and sudenly steals whole weekend!Realy great character build options, not that bad story and that feeling of grim everywhere.Realy great game, would buy it again if I could ^^"
,Recommended,219990,27526591,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Badjardas,Almost as cool as white powder
76561198041719818,Recommended,219990,27528995,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tom Senpai,I played this game with non-steam version n then decide to buy it .. on steam just to play online .. xD
,Recommended,219990,27519186,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,yeebloxx,Awesome game!
76561197960328394,Recommended,219990,24967239,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Gravvan,Just awesome!
,Recommended,219990,18401600,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ahostilebovine,"This game manages to take a tried and true style and make it feel really fresh, interesting and fun.  I played it in early access and had some issues getting it to run right, but boy it's stable now and well worth the wait.  What a great game, really and just has so many things I want.  It's got an interesting story, varied enemies, lots of loot, a class system that'll keep it fresh for a long time with the ability to mix and match classes and it's just plain fun.  Fully recomend it, I'm even gonna buy the DLC"
76561198052181244,Recommended,219990,30845237,Posted: 30 March,all,TallBlonde72,"I enjoy the game BUT with saying that the bosses are very hard to kill.Cons: It becomes ridiculous when the first boss Darius Cronley has spawn after spawn after spawn of netherworld aether sucking spectres to kill first (and they keep coming massively if you're not geared up or leveled up enough). And it keeps respawning bosses that you've killed? Problem with the game? I'm actually glad that I'm playing single player and not multi because this would annoy me so much. Another problem is there's not enough save's. The only way around this I found is doing a personal rift and going back to sell gear..it will save for a bit, but you can't exit the game or you have to re-start (as mentioned before) the whole level again. Btw, where is the full controller support? It's just not happening..maybe another bug.Pro's: If you like a slash/shoot and grab loot game then this is the game for you.  With The Crucible dcl now you can level faster and get things to sell.all in all it's an ok game for the price. It's about what I expected."
76561198033768053,Recommended,219990,24962098,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,flemingge,Titan quest gone to heaven
76561198228468412,Recommended,219990,24944803,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,rodriguez.tommy47,only 7 hours of gameplay in and i am addicted to say the least the game is big and is very polished i can't wait to update this review when i have 300+ hours of gameplay hack and slash your heart out
76561198060938465,Recommended,219990,25095581,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Asiriath,"Through 40+ hours of playing and trying different classes i can honestly recommend Grim Dawn to anybody thats into or looking to get into ARPG style games. Grim Dawn takes alot of mechanics from games like Diablo 2 or Path of Exiles while also keeping it reletively similiar to Titan Quest(Made by the same dev team). In no way is being like any of those 3 games a bad thing, Diablo 2 after all is what everybody compares any ARPG made nowadays too, and Grim Dawn does not dissapoint. Compelling and dark story, great graphics, smooth combat and overall gameplay, great loot system that keep your character changing and getting better throughout the game. TONS of class customization, so many different class combos that it really makes every character a whole new experience. When i finally finish the game, i will give a more in-depth review as for end-game content and replayability. This game is great and well worth the money."
76561198211521699,Recommended,219990,22656467,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,dragonsbane1234,freand recomended it to me all i can say is ......... i love it :3
,Recommended,219990,22621508,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Luminari Weekly,"Super Gritty love child from a dirty threesome of Diablo, Titan Quest, and Path of Exile.I am really enjoying playing this game.  It does not hold your hand or have magic pathfinding arrows to find your quest goals.  I find this a plus because it forces you to explore and experience the game. The soundtrack is spot on. Some NPCs are voice acted but it seems to be tied to just the primary story.The multiclassing worked just like Titan quest and the super huge celestial map to further customize your character is not as confusing as PoE's sphere grid.Impact from shots and melee are super satisfying. The pops from the bodys are gleefully executed.Good job, Crate!  I am so happy you were able to retain TQ's code base after THQs liquidation. I get those chills just like I did playing TQ for the first time."
76561198015821254,Recommended,219990,22567601,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,ShutUp,amazing game
76561197983986443,Recommended,219990,22688109,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Lurloc,"Fantastic game! It's what an RPG should be. Great game play, great loot, and long replayability. My two brothers and I are hooked. Haven't reached lvl 85 yet on any char and already have 3 due to enjoyment of trying all the different specs and builds which are all viable.The one downside is that it freezes up when logging out and sometimes during multiple player it will randomly freeze as well. Not enough to be discouraged or stop playing the game though. I hope they keep producing content for Grim Dawn. Love it!!!!"
76561198030355148,Recommended,219990,27574989,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kolsto,"I have been a fan of any Diablo, early Fallout games and similar games since they came out. This game is another game in the same style.So: Is it worth it? Yes it is.Can you combine stuff? Can you loot? Can you find shimmering gems for fun and for the developing of new sadistic and entertaining ways to kill your enemies? Yes, yes and yes. The closet sadist in you all will slowly but certain gain access to an wide specter of handheld pain delivering systems, cruel torturing devices like poison, fire, cold, electricity.. You know these effects from the good ol`days- Right?? Yeah you do- you all do... Dont lie to me- you cant lie to the devil.What would i like to see added? Weeeell- i would like to get a flamethrower, so i can burn the sneaky♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the dark underground passages. I would like to have mines, so i can remove the rapid legs of certain annoying critters.Can you recommend the game?: Yes i can, and Yes i will.Are there anything very negative you can nag about?:Yes sadly there is one thing that makes the game somewhat difficult to enjoy 100%. There is no ""save game"" button, you can only save your game when activating a Teleport portal.  Since i sadly cant sit around and play for very long times at once anymore, i need a save option. Or at least more auto-save points scattered around the huge terrain.But dont let this stop you- i waited some time to get the game since i despise- no wait let me refrase that: i REALLY DESPISE it when there is no ""save game"" option avaliable. If this game had added more save game locations, then i would sadly not been able to nag about anything negative around this game.Let us sum it up:Good game? Yesis it worth it? YesDoes it last long? So far, yes"
76561198072492546,Recommended,219990,27625721,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Spook,"Great game, big fan so far."
76561198061489576,Recommended,219990,28277865,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Jackall,"Great game. Can`t explain why, but I like it more than Diablo 3 :)"
76561198052770757,Recommended,219990,21484852,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,mulchov,"Excellent, moody ARPG.Quite frankly, this game is worth much more than just 25 euros. It's astonishing that they've put such a low price tag on such an amazing game."
76561198024469649,Recommended,219990,28233020,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,DumbCustomer,"Grim Dawn is for me a better experience than Diablo 3.I like the dark settings.It's definitely a great ARPG and runs pretty well on more modest configs.It is a great game that does not innovate in any way though. I am about to finish my first run on Veteran (normal is too easy, switch to veteran when you start) and just about to saturate killing everything on my path.But at its core it is still an ARPG with an awful formula whichg forces you to grind the game for endless hours to enjoy any item set. You will not get any complete set in one run.Without suffering a massive OCD, you will saturate faster than what the game offers you for some decent loot.So if you are not a hardcore player, most of the fun of the game will be unreachable for you except through experience destructive trainers.Also, the game keeps on rolling the same items once you have found one which is utterly frustrating.I wish somebody would come up with an ARPG formula that would bring some solutions to this classic problem."
76561198008157433,Recommended,219990,28273118,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Buwbu,Better than diablo 3 and feels like diablo 2 really nice 11/10
,Recommended,219990,28073275,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ecchirules,"The first time i played this game, i thought ""okay, just a pair of minutes to test if my ol' toaster can run it"", 2 hours later  i say ""what? i'm playing this 2 hours ?! ""As you can see  with that ""Overhelming positive"" reviews, you don't need to doubt to purchase this game, every cent you paid for this game worth it. If you are seeking for an alternative to Diablo 3 or an offline alternative of Path of Exile, this game is for you.A big difference between this game and others ARGP's is the Acts, despite the term used of ""acts"" by the community, this game don't have it, this game is an open world and the story flows without dividing the main quest and the world map in parts, so, you are able to explore those some hidden side areas or completing side quest without those ""act changing portals"", giving a good rythm to the game.Another great feature of this game, is you can combine the classes, when you start the game you choice a main class, after you reached level 10, you can choice to stand with your main class or add a new class to take advantage of their skills, adding a variety to customize your build.AND ANOTHER IMPORTANT FEATURE! THIS GAME SUPPORTS MODS! despite the storepage don't have a workshop page and the info tells you nothing, this game supports mods, and mod tools are included when you download the game, to download  the mods, just go to grim dawn forum page:http://www.grimdawn.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?s=00da9d778baafd653d03ba8308572b69&f=35And check the tutorial video to how  to install mods:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFZM1pji35sAnd have fun."
76561197970741855,Recommended,219990,28024534,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Junfan,This game scratches the itch that D3 did not. I really enjoyed this game.
76561198061771403,Recommended,219990,28087350,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,vhkhanh,good game
76561198011115685,Recommended,219990,28082391,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Stat,"This game truly is a gem. After hundreds of hours in an arcade-like d3, it really is refreshing to be reminded how the journey of leveling up can still be tons of fun. The difficulty and pace of the game is spot on, the darker theme really creates an eerie atmosphere, and the dual class and devotion system really adds a lot of flexibility to the game with options and builds.I would have liked something like seasons, but since it's more focused on single player(and multiplayer is peer to peer), I can understand this left out. All in all this is a MUST for any arpg fan"
,Recommended,219990,28084613,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Invocatus,A very polished arpg  had lots of fun with my friends.  Have no idea of whats  the quest just here to kill stuff
,Recommended,219990,28084731,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SudoCat,"One of the most enjoyable action RPGs I've ever played. If you like Diablo and/or Path of Exile, you're in for a real treat."
,Recommended,219990,28123658,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Nuffing,"+ Modding+ Great community+ Many different viable builds+ Leveling time+ Interesting bosses+ Smooth engine- Few classes (there are mods which add classes)- Desynchronization in LAN/Internet play. Does not matter whether it is virtual LAN(Hamachi, Tunngle), direct LAN using a router och internet play, players won't always appear where they are supposed to be standing."
,Recommended,219990,28123821,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ruslebiffen,Timeconsuming Diablo killer. Worth the few bucks!
76561198053969744,Recommended,219990,21452627,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,AstrihKonnash,"Bought it yet on Early Access, played a little, and as it was still incomplete, stopped for a while.As it got final release, started to play again. Improved LOTS.Not freezing anymore, giving a 10/10."
76561197963797736,Recommended,219990,23249060,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,VanuLegend,"While the story is not the best, the atmosphere and the small details makes you feel like there really have been an cataclysmic event. The graphics are decent and there are plenty of secrets if you're willing to look for them.But the biggest draw this game has for me is the choice of playstyles and replayability the dual class skill system gives you. The game is easy to learn, but the difficulty settings gives you plenty of challenge especially later when you can go over to the elite and ultimate difficulty settings.With a multiplayer that is easy to use, this game is a really good buy and will give you plenty of hours with fun."
,Recommended,219990,30783015,Posted: 27 March,all,Jacob(NikkaDark),"I saw a lot of negative reviews and I almost didn't buy. I'm glad I did, I had a lot of fun playing through the game. To be honest, once I got to elite the game lost its thrill for me. My champ is very OP, it was really fun thinking about how to build it but after playing diablo 3 for so long, this game has no replayability for me. The game is fully modable, the online is wacky and mostly 100% locked rooms. Online is not on secure servers in case you didn't know. Even with all of that said, believe it or not, it was very fun to play through."
76561198056948648,Recommended,219990,30783261,Posted: 27 March,all,James,"Fantastic game. Picked it up 2 weeks ago and spent 80 hours already on it.Love the complexity of the skill system without having it being overwhelming.  That if you really like a certain skill you can make it even stronger. Gameplay is fairly smooth.  As well and engaging since you will be punished if you are not paying attention. Especially as you progress through the ranks.The world is beautiful with the colors, foliage, background, depth, and above the rest with the lighting.  While not the best graphics it doesn't seem old or cartoony.Good variety of monsters and enemies to kill.  And the NPC's do have a little personality in them as you learn their stories.The story is great. And since at certain points you get to make a choice that will alter how you progress will keep it entertaining for multiple playthrougs.  Along with plenty of sidequests that are available you have access to ""Bounties"" keeping that sense of purpose.The gear and items you can get to help kick some butt.  It is not the only way to get stronger since you level up.  But there are a lot of unique items with skills different from what can be obtained through leveling.  Keeping it fresh and fun to mix & match.Last but not least.  The complaints or better put constructive critisim.All the classes have the same base character model and item design.  Holding the classes from having that unique or ""fresh"" style.  Would like it if the class choice effected the look of items once put on.While the voice acting is not bad, it could use a little more emotions and dynamic to it.Have only seen the game crash once. Which is a lot less than many others *cough cough Diablo 3 coughTL;DR:Pretty game with a wide variety of skills/combinations of.  Engaging story and side quests.Down right fun and best $25 I've spent in the last yeah."
76561198007828267,Recommended,219990,23198944,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Heisenberg,"I like  : levelling, graphics, story, skill tree and devotion points.I don't like : 'late' game is too repetitive. Most people write that an ARPG should be repetitive at the 'end'. I don't agree. ARPG should be less boring after achieving the end of the story, in 2016. Doing 100 times the same boss is all but fun.Pouring water in a great wine makes more wine, but it has less taste.Overall : definitely worth the price."
76561197999273444,Recommended,219990,23472893,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Nav'er - killer_de_lebay,Sometimes getting older makes me fear the moment I will get too old to enjoy games. But then something like this comes out and I remember why I love computer games!The most fun I've had since D2 (with all due respect to Path of Exile and Torchlight 2 which are also outstanding games).
76561197993295462,Recommended,219990,23203135,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,SittingDuck,"I've played Grim Dawn for 17 hours on two characters (Arcanist and Demolitionist) and am having a really good time.  It's been a while since I felt such a low-friction visceral draw from a game.  Get in, click on stuff watch them die, improve stuff-killing skills, repeat.The visuals and mood are notably well-done.  The world is broken and you are a hero with an awesome hat.  There is a decent variety of items and weapons, and lots of mobs of critters to kill in creative ways.  From what I've read, there is a lot more game ahead and I'm looking forward to it.Crate did a great job with this one.  Buy this game!"
,Recommended,219990,22817355,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Maximus Renegade Star Soldier,A very satasfying game. Lots and lots of possible class combinations to keep you playing multiple characters for hours. Didn't even reach act 3 until at least 80 hours in.
76561198141756994,Recommended,219990,20145878,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,dehmialani,"what a game ,, if you have the money go get it worth every pennnnnny"
76561198008456187,Recommended,219990,26855656,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kargadum,"Forget Diablo3, path of the exile and other, Grim dawn is the Titan's quest worthy successor! Theme, soundtrack, skills, graphics,... this is just insane!"
76561198045105258,Recommended,219990,26847523,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Your Mom,"Game is good, but becomes grindy and boring quickly. Worth the price if its in sale."
76561197991628482,Recommended,219990,26874724,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vizius,Great game. A worthy successor to Titan Quest.
76561198093171505,Recommended,219990,26843116,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RED,Awesome game! I like the story what game tell about!
76561198034332945,Recommended,219990,26843628,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,beyondwithin100,"Play this damn game if you want a dark, lore-rich ARPG with near limitless character-building options."
,Recommended,219990,26832176,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mortalgroove,"Many, many hours later, I still pick this one up and play."
76561198027879761,Recommended,219990,26833804,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,smh,"Great game, especially for hardcore mode and farm. If you like this genre - play it right now."
76561198041649958,Recommended,219990,24140920,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,bladomas,"Support the devs :) they made a nice follow up after Titan Quest. Enjoyed the game without and with mods, however I have trouble going beyond level 60, but all those hours spend getting there is still worth."
76561198038475939,Recommended,219990,30820075,Posted: 29 March,all,The Cunt Destroyer!,"This is personally my favorite ARPG. Ive also tried diablo 3, torchlight 2 and PoE. All brilliant games and my favortism comes purely from grim dawn matching my taste for setting, visuals, gore and general feel. Nothing more. I find all ARPG's Ive played so far are pretty much the same experience but with different skins and a few tweaks here and there but that shouldn't be percieved as a bad thing... The point im getting at is that if you're a fan of the genre then you will feel right at home and pick things up no problem as its business as usual. Brilliant game and could not recommend it enough."
76561197972391053,Recommended,219990,25337413,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,sikta,Very fun ARPG similar to Diablo or Torchlight.
,Recommended,219990,22470043,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,BananaMAn,"if you're looking for game like diablo, torchlight and van hellsing, this is the game you should buy"
76561198184183761,Recommended,219990,22470342,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Fury and Flames,"This game is what D3 should have been. Yes, the visuals aren't going to blow you away, and there a few quality of life things you may notice, but this game is hands down the best ARPG I've played since the heyday of D2:LoD. It has hardcore, mode, gear sets, a crazy fun level system where you mix and match two professions together, tons of stuff to see, crazy awesome replayabilty in the higher difficulties, and overall my favorite game of the year. I would give them more money if I could, I want to see more stuff from Crate in the future.10/10"
76561198083882085,Recommended,219990,21374265,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Smythic,the few hours i've had a time to play this have shows much potential and i was supriced it had release date few days later i bought it. gotta find some time from W3 to sink abit deeper into this masterpiece than just few firsts missions.
,Recommended,219990,30759337,Posted: 26 March,all,Shiki,Great game
,Recommended,219990,30759491,Posted: 26 March,all,JamieJamBam,"I love Grim Dawn. I loved how challenging it is (played on Veteran mode), and how easy it is to adapt to the game's mechanics/controls. Very fun to play with friends and I do wish there were more customization on character design, but the items really make up for it all."
76561198033794859,Recommended,219990,30758476,Posted: 26 March,all,Bazyl,♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome!!
76561198104691972,Recommended,219990,22452928,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Agyon,"given the price (full) of 25 bucks, it's worth it - just buy it now!Better than d3 which i still play time to time.It's a fantastic single-player experience, doesn't need to be online to play as well!Going to spend a lot of time with this game."
,Recommended,219990,22095057,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lukewarm,10/10 would grind again.
,Recommended,219990,22095750,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Jean-Charles,This game is very similar to Titan Quest.
,Recommended,219990,22096874,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Darkmana,"Ever wonder what would have happened if Diablo 3 followed after Diablo 2 much more closely? This would be the result. Dark, gritty and with some cool ragdall physics you'll be plowing through undead goodness for hours of fun.Honestly though, from what I've played it's very fun with a well tuned combat, progression and loot system. My only issue with the game is the sheer amount of loot that drops that sucks. While you may find constant upgrades as you play, you often have to sift through a giant pile of garbage loot to find it.You can however filter lower tier loot, like the white rarity gear, which clears a lot of the clutter."
76561197990603753,Recommended,219990,22311422,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Redfactor4,"This game is great, if you think you might be remotely interested, it is definitely worth the purchase price. If it is on sale, it's a no brainer. I hadn't played an ARPG in so long. I played D3 when it first came out, but ended up getting my purchase refunded. Other than D3 the only other ARPGs I have played are Torchlight2 and PoE, neither of which I really got into. Now this game, this game got me hooked.It does a great job of being noob friendly, while at the same time mainting great depth. I am ~170 hours in and still learning, but I can say my enjoyment started from the first hour."
76561198002334385,Recommended,219990,22245984,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,紫色云烟,Great game. i d really enjoy gaming time.
76561197999501589,Recommended,219990,22331496,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,flamenkio,"Awesome game! It kind of reminds me of Diablo, but better, I would say. If you're thinking about getting it, just get it. This is probably the only game that I feel like its worth the money from my steam library."
76561198122185078,Recommended,219990,30752227,Posted: 26 March,all,Zerkom | Gottimperator,very fun !! totally worth it !
76561198008803674,Recommended,219990,22563213,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,CokedUpWerewolf d'ONU,Do you want to see what would happen if Fallout and Diablo had a lovechild in the Witcher's house?No♥♥♥♥♥♥ you do. It's worth the price.
,Recommended,219990,27829330,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SlipperySquid,"Great dungeon crawler RPG, easy to start up but more challenging as you progress to higher difficulties. Starting new characters and putting together different skills is always a blast"
76561198070749922,Recommended,219990,27838518,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jericho,"Awesome gameplay, interesting story, nice dark medieval theme and animations."
76561198004358120,Recommended,219990,27727392,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Space Cowboy,"Take it from an old gamer who's played all the big ARPG's.  Grim dawn nails it.  The folks at Crate definitely have their collective finger on the pulse of the ARPG fan, (and the jilted Diablo fans).What does Grim Dawn do that's worth your hard earned money?***Character Depth***- With six masteries granting FIFTEEN class types, three good old fashioned stat points and TEN damage types and all corresponding defense types, Grim Dawn allows for deep customization and diversity in builds.  The well implemented dual-class system allowing you to combine two masteries into one class with all accompanying skills available to you, makes the possibilities many.  Add to that stat points granted every level and the possibilities grow.  Then, to top it off,  an extremely powerful ""devotion"" system granting huge, game-changing damage and/or defense bonuses and unique skills above and beyond your class selections.  You can build DPS focused killing machines, insurmountable tanks or bizarre mixed builds where your imagination is the limit.  Throw gear into the mix and it's perfection.Graphics: 10/10 - Phenomenal when maxed out.  Nails the dark, grittiness we crave and diversifies into just stunningly beautiful landscapes with day/night changes just adding to the artful beauty.  You can literally see the effort that was put into getting everything just right.Sound: 9/10 - Very atmospheric.  Satisfying explosions and weapon noises.  Monsters are spot on and voices are fitting.  One monster in particular sounds like he's whispering in your ear when he dies.  Just great.Music: 8/10 - What's there is just fantastic and original.  Nevertheless, I find there are too few tracks and the game could do with just a few more.  But just a nitpick.Game play: 10/10 - Spot on.  Slick and intuitive.Just BUY IT NOW!"
76561198023232266,Recommended,219990,27728265,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Servulus,"I bought this game when it was first released onto steam, played right up to the point where i could see most of the map, but couldnt go any further, game was in Beta or was it Alpha, either way i was totally hooked. Only just completed the main story an am now going back to finish all the side quests. One of my favourite grinder games (actually might be my only favourite grinder game as i typically hate grinders), But this is so much more fun."
,Recommended,219990,27771309,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gr2y,Nice one
76561198014113602,Recommended,219990,27773427,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Captain Ahab,"There are of course comparisons to Diablo, but how can you not, the music even brings you back to Diablo 2. Its Not a bad thing though it makes you feel kind of nostalgic. That being said, other then it being your basic Hack and slash action RPG the story is very good.Pros:Great Story (I want to learn more about what is going on in this Grim Dawn)Graphics (not amazing but it doesn't take away from the game)Leveling System (very in depth with so many different combos)Very Smooth gameplay (its not as clunky feeling as path of exile)Cons:My only real complaint about this game is the generic enemies, there hasn't been a unique one yet 6 hours in, other then that its kind of hard to find things on the ground, it kind of blends in so I really have to pay attention, which may be on purpose for all I know.It was well worth the $15 I spent on it, you will spend hours just exploring the map, would recommend. Sorry for the long review. no potatos for you."
,Recommended,219990,27753757,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,blx,Better than D3
76561198024456637,Recommended,219990,27778074,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dingo&Threequarters,I need maor LOOTS!!
,Recommended,219990,27776136,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SlingshotBlur,"One of the most polished ""This should have been Diablo 3"" games. Storyline is great. But I could have used some cinematic trailers per chapter as a reward for completing it or something. Still recommend it. Its not as grindy as the other Diablo 2 clones."
,Recommended,219990,27767839,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NightRover,Good
,Recommended,219990,27759160,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Xzaf,"This is a really enjoyable ARPG.There are a bunch of ways to customize what type of character you want to play. You start out with a choice between 6 classes, but you quickly gain the ability to multiclass, combining two classes into one. Each class has it's own tech tree, so there is some decision into how to best allocate points into this system. This gives weight to the choices you make in crafting a character to take on the enemies before you.There is also this really neat secondary progression system. This involves activating shrines throughout the game and then allocating the points from that into a massive node system that gives both stat boosts and can modify your abilities. Again, since their are limited points to spend this is also another system that makes you feel like your point choices do matter. How you progress nodes and decide which routes to traverse places nodes in a loose heirarchy. This is probably one of my favorite things about this game.Moving around the world is pretty simple. You unlock waypoints a long the way and you get a free castable waypoint. This free waypoint acts as a normal waypoint and not just a portal to town. As someone who likes to explore the whole map, I sometimes make descisions on how long to play based on going from one waypoint to another.Overall, I feel this is a great game. I like playing ARPGs, and this is one of my go-to ones. If you enjoy ARPGs definitely check it out."
76561198058316886,Recommended,219990,27757907,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kinghippy,love it
,Recommended,219990,27758363,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Slurgi,Very good game with a lot of content. A more worthy successor to Diablo 1&2 than any other ARPGs out there.
,Recommended,219990,32785489,Posted: 25 June,all,Cthulhu,"Just like titan quest, but better."
76561198135731134,Recommended,219990,32756807,Posted: 24 June,all,Shadowsurfer6,"I gotta hand it to Crate Entertainment, these guys definetly know how to make a good dungeon crawler. on top of keeping their customers/investors updated on expansions (hype for necromancer and inquisitor btw) and patches as well as bug fixes on twitter, i highly recommend this game for anyone with a yearn for looting, spelunking, and exploring with a fairly consistant story to wrap it up nicely. big thumbs up."
76561198013535396,Recommended,219990,32753227,Posted: 24 June,all,ForeSkin | Fukis,"I have a few hours into this game now (1279 hours) so feel qualified to review and can honestly say it is my favorite ARPG of all time. Good story, decent graphics, easy controls, nice UI and outstanding character customization. In addition, the devs are responsive to the player base and the game has a thriving online community. A huge amount of replay for the money. The only downside to this game is the unbearable wait for more expansions and content. It is what D3 should have been. 10/10."
76561197978634600,Recommended,219990,32776904,Posted: 25 June,all,chucklesmcnutt,Im enjoying it immensely!A throwback to Diablo II days. The devotion system is kind of confusing though.
,Recommended,219990,32917691,Posted: 28 June,all,[BA] No Drama Baby Llama,"The spiratual successor of Titan Quest. If you're a fan of ARPGs, this is a must play."
,Recommended,219990,32915789,Posted: 27 June,all,Jake the Brick,Very nice. It turned out to be much better than I originally thought.
,Recommended,219990,32924127,Posted: 28 June,all,Tuff-Luck,This game Rocks
76561198031337506,Recommended,219990,32881720,Posted: 27 June,all,kutekyton,"Titan Quest with guns, amazing (and more casual than PoE) !"
76561198024304502,Recommended,219990,32884064,Posted: 27 June,all,Alric197,Great Game
76561198076397088,Recommended,219990,32890347,Posted: 27 June,all,baldypete1,"I used to play Diablo and Diablo 2 when I was younger and this game reminds me so much of those games. But better. But similar. But better. If that makes any sense.I love the speed, the intensity and the depth of the game so far. Highly recommend it to anybody who enjoyed the old RPG's as well as the new!"
76561197970634617,Recommended,219990,32896356,Posted: 27 June,all,Midnight1509,Super Fun Action Hack and Slash.  Great Classes to be used in a combination.
76561198066271327,Recommended,219990,32905960,Posted: 27 June,all,Luminescence,nice game
,Recommended,219990,32904965,Posted: 27 June,all,#CR4C3™,very grim
,Recommended,219990,32901026,Posted: 27 June,all,TR-8R,great game
76561197974188195,Recommended,219990,19916341,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DanTe,"simply good rpg, for me this stands on the same level as Diablo 1+2; Titan Quest/ Immortal throne,there is just one big Contra in this game: with build 29 they decided to remove the completition bonuses fromComponents, this is a big mistake i think, tooks away the awarding bonuses for the long time players like me; e.g. some of my high end Chars. arent able to wear specific armor anymore in case of the missing component bonuses...but nevermind its still a great game besides, and i personally think , its even better than this diablo 3 nonsense( beside that i really liked D 1+2)."
76561197981039506,Recommended,219990,32946125,Posted: 28 June,all,Esikiel,Excellent.
,Recommended,219990,32948709,Posted: 28 June,all,Bosu,"Amazing fun game. I actually enjoy killing monster in this game, I'm usually only into PVP."
76561198029836885,Recommended,219990,32550695,Posted: 18 June,all,Dheu,If you are like me and love Hack and Slash / dungeon Crawler games.This is for you!If you have like me tried most of them like:Diablo 1/2/3Path of ExileTorchlight 1/2Well the list is long...And still have not tried this? Oh boy I wish I was in your shoes again!Even this game has there misstakes in my opnion. But still with no doubt the best Hack and Slash/ Dungeon Cralwer game out there right now!
,Recommended,219990,32660629,Posted: 22 June,all,Ni$HAN,9/10excellent ARPG
,Recommended,219990,32631680,Posted: 21 June,all,macxtc,"""I CAN'T STOP PLAYING!, Get away from me Trolls!""(The ones in the game and the ones in the forum)"
76561198038535547,Recommended,219990,28564477,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jabbas Seamen,"Excellent game, this is what other ARPG titles should aspire to"
,Recommended,219990,28564669,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,"Loweboy, The Last Monroe","Grim Dawn, to me, is the spiritual succesor of Diablo II. It has an interesting story, a beautifully detailed and designed world to explore, a metric butt ton of items, and really engaging gameplay. Leveling and development have a great balance of challenge and reward. The pace of the game is nigh on perfect, and the classes are actually interesting enough that I want to replay the game to try out different builds.This is the game that I've been looking for; Titan Quest, Dungeon Siege, Torchlight I & II, they were all good games, but they all failed to pull me in and really catch my interest. Some of you may disagree but in my opinion Diablo III was just dissapointing. Grim Dawn, however, has managed to do what none of those games has been able to. It gave me something to sink my teeth into, and brought me back to that feeling I had nearly 20 years ago when I first played Diablo II. Quite the feat since no other game since then has been able to do that.I love the game, and the Crucible expansion. I'll be buying another copy of both so that I can play it with my Step-Daughter, and I would happily pay full price for it. The developers have easily made a game that could sell for more, but instead are only asking $25. It's a steal.And speaking of the developers, if you really want to know how cool they are, google Praetorian Zedlee."
76561198042149148,Recommended,219990,28565877,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kantari,"I can't explain why I like this game. But I do. A lot.I like it better than Diablo 3, but it's not as good as Diablo 2."
,Recommended,219990,28615201,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,jp,"The best ARPG you can play on steam, and it was made by a team of only 10 people."
76561198037792793,Recommended,219990,28613282,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LATuxedo,"Be warned that on integrated graphics, this game runs terribly, and even with minimum graphics, you'll see graphical bugs. Despite that, it's a very fun ARPG that, at least from where I'm at in the game, seems like it has a lot of lore to dive into if that's your sort of thing. They've created a pretty unique world and I think there are some fun surprises going forward.This game goes on sale pretty often, and if you enjoy ARPGs, you should do yourself a favor and grab this when it does."
76561198035513361,Recommended,219990,28613293,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,zupahfly,"Crashes from time to time, but good fun"
76561198116704203,Recommended,219990,28676162,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nickolius,"Definitely reccomended, this game is awesome."
76561197968423740,Recommended,219990,28678788,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Blade,"One of the best ARPG's I've played. Very addicting and can be very challenging at times, way more fun than D3 imo."
76561198303342872,Recommended,219990,28583019,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Tiamatsbreath,"Diablo 2 was one of my favorite games. Grim Dawn is a hack and slash much like  the Diablo series. The biggest downside of the game is loot is too easy to aquire. In Diablo 2 it could take months and even years to track down loot. I thought that was a bit extreme. In Grim Dawn loot drops like candy. I'd like some kind of middle ground where getting loot is an accomplishment but not nearly impossible like Diablo 2.Overall, still a pretty fun game at a budget price!"
,Recommended,219990,28642344,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Windypeens,Love this game!
,Recommended,219990,28538012,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,southrnLines,"It's just really good. Satisfying combat, well polished sounds and visuals, amazing loot/skill building; I just never get tired of running a new build or working on an existing one. If you like games similar to Torchlight or Diablo - this game blows those out of the water. I haven't gotten tired of vanilla content in 250+ hrs but If I did there is a mod that adds 30 classes and new skills, items, difficulties, etc. Big expansion coming soon. Buy it!"
,Recommended,219990,26945589,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ackbar,Awesome game!
76561197970493590,Recommended,219990,26961181,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,john,Great game with tons of depth and addictive qualities. Highly recommended.
76561198093623127,Recommended,219990,27016240,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Anagorn,"It's like the devs were making a total-conversion mod for Diablo 2, and then they said, ""Let's just make our own game!""And they did, the absolute madmen they actually did it!If you thought Diablo 3 was a disapointment or find Path of Exile too complex, I couldn't reccomend Grim Dawn more!"
,Recommended,219990,27017513,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,R2D2Cupcake,It's like Diablo 3 and Path of Exile had a baby.
76561198067726326,Recommended,219990,27041394,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Heisenberg,Many many hours later still soooooooooo much to do!
,Recommended,219990,27039821,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cdaug,Great Game. Like it better than D3 and POE
,Recommended,219990,27042017,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MachineCode87,"All around great game! I do wish someone would make a game like this, but with a third person perspective like ""state of decay""."
76561198055993342,Recommended,219990,27046398,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bendingo,"Takes the best elements of all ARPGs into one game-Skills from Titan Quest-equipment enhancements from diablo-General look of path of exile + great multiplayer-nothing from torchlightPlus the game is getting continued support long after full release, generally a good buy considering the game can easily soak up 100+ hours if you have the time.Also I'd recommend playing with the DAIL mod overhaul"
,Recommended,219990,27027871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wulf[NL],One of the best and most succesful games to come out of Early access.Great developers (ex Diablo) that made this ARPG stand toe to toe with Path of Exile and Diablo 3.
76561198108508675,Recommended,219990,27025473,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Caped_Baldy,"This game is amazing, takes me back to the diablo 2 days in terms of skilling and all."
76561198006816432,Recommended,219990,27057261,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sajmon04,"Very good ARPG game.9,5/10Recommended"
,Recommended,219990,26955023,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,123,"This game is so nice, i waited so much the release!!!"
,Recommended,219990,33326672,Posted: 6 July,all,Eden Hack,"Great ARPG with fantastic balance, really interesting skills and trees that also mingle with a variety of in game items that change your playstyle. Cool story going on in the background as well with more to come as per the huge world map."
,Recommended,219990,33311079,Posted: 6 July,all,Devicen,Great game so far. If you're disappointed in diablo 3 this game will help
,Recommended,219990,33368879,Posted: 8 July,all,Cryoo,A little gem of a game. If you like the Diablo genre then you'll love this.
76561198170640254,Recommended,219990,33467680,Posted: 11 July,all,troomar,"Did you like Diablo 2? Then you will like this game too. It has better graphics, many more skill combinations and characters development, itemization and so on.If you are new to this kind of games, then the game goes like this: ... click click (entering a huge crowd of mobs with your character) ... click click click click click click click click click (bang, boom, hack, slash, lots of graphical effects of skills, blood, flying bodies everywhere, now it's just you standing among all the dead bodies) ... click click (picking up drops) -> rinse and repeat, neverending fun.Pros:- Lots of skill combinations, classes, character builds.- Balance of characters and skills. Actually the developers are still updating the game and tweaking skills or other aspects of the game when players find a way to abuse them. There is also going to be a new expansion later this year with 2 new classes!- Noob friendly - you can undo points assigned to skills, so you can use different skills at the beggining of the game and then assign them to different skills if you don't like your character or you want to try something else without being forced to reroll your character (of course it has some limitation, you cannot change from a mage to a melee character easily)- Nice environment and different areas- Story. I know, for this kind of games the story is not important and you don't have to read anything, but I actually liked the storytelling, the characters you meet, the bits of diaries you find along the game and the reason why you are so strong and why it's you killing mobs and trying to ""help"" others.Cons:- Devotion system. I really hate it. I mean, it's a great mechanic that allows you to bend your character to whatever you really want and it's basically something that gives you endless possibilities, but man, it's SO OVERWHELMING. So overwhelming that it kind of discourages me to make new characters and try all the variations. If it at least had some kind of filtering, searching box or something that would help you to plan your build, but no, it's just an endless, huge screen of stars without any hints what effect would benefit your character. Even for theorycrafting out of the game in various tools it's not much easier.- Some game mechanics are obviously (maybe intentionally) superior to others. The most obvious are the resistances. It doesn't matter how strong your character is or how good your build is, if you don't have high resistances, you're gonna die. And of course, if you maxed out your resistances, then you don't need any special equipment and you will be fine in most areas. Maybe it's a restriction for combining superior armor sets with superior jewelleries - so you have to give up something and just wear a plain ring with some resistances in it - but it just does not feel right. Especially with the fact that the game *is* properly ballanced.9/10"
,Recommended,219990,33266706,Posted: 5 July,all,KaOzLegacy,The Real Diablo 3.
76561197972272908,Recommended,219990,33267404,Posted: 5 July,all,patientzero,"This game is by far the best arpg made to date. Excellent lore, very well thought out items and skill sets; combined with deep multiclasses. Tremendous replay value. Excellent community. It out-Diablo'd, Diablo 1-3 easily."
76561197981631838,Recommended,219990,33276379,Posted: 5 July,all,TOG | Skyggles,Fun single player and great fun Co-op with a friend.Me and my friend just hit elite difficulty and between us we usually have the crafting mats to open shrines and craft odd bits of gear as we are leveling that are usefull. So yeah game shines on the co-op part in crafting and the synergy from how we build our toons work great too.
76561197990044075,Recommended,219990,33290715,Posted: 5 July,all,Lion,Great game.
,Recommended,219990,33426240,Posted: 10 July,all,Kakaroto,Best $6 invested ever. Save so much money by staying home to play this game.
,Recommended,219990,32631648,Posted: 21 June,all,Vepar,"This is an updated review of the game (old review at the bottom for reference). Thanks to powbam forum user i managed to finally find out what was causing the crashes, so if you crash, first thing to check is if your GFX card is overclocked. Mine came factory overclocked and just downclocking it for 50Mhz fixed the issue. It didn't crash once after that.So, the game then. Your pretty much standard ARPG from the makers of Titan Quest, but unlike Titan Quest, this one is way more messed up. The art style, the monsters, the story, the horrible state of the world. It's beautiful.Also, while it retains the basic dual mastery system from Titan Quest, it also expands it with few additional deeper systems to mix it up. Devotion system, faction loyalty etc...The only gripe i have with it is the dungeon layouts. This is not a game with randomised dungeons, the whole world is persistent and won't change. And some dungeons are so confusing and unnecesarily complex that it borders on annoying. AND, someone made them like that on purpose. You'll be looking at the minimap way more than the actual game as a result and this is just bad design since the game is really pretty and great to look at. You'll be at the end of the dungeon, only to see that there's another room there you can't get to. How do you get to it? Go back to the start of the dungeon and go to another path, wasting your time in the process.But other than that, the monsters are fun, the skills are fun and it's a great deep ARPG to play solo or with friends.*OLD REVIEW*The game itself is fun and well thought out, lots of loot, nice underlying system for leveling and stuff.But it crashes constantly, i barely got to level 44 with a lot of patience, but no matter how many crash reports i send, no matter what i write on the forums, no one could help me, and the devs aren't saying a word or releasing a patch which is weird because i'm not the only one affected by this issue.I also tried every imaginable fix i could find. Nothing works. The game is bugged and there's nothing i can do about it.I don't have the patience anymore to go through an hour long section without any checpoints yet again for the 50th time because halfway through the section the game freezes and crashes and i have to restart from the checkpoint i left over half an hour ago.Go play Diablo 3 or something, it sucks but at least it doesn't crash.If they ever release a fix for this constant crashing i'll update my review.Until then..."
76561198046360803,Recommended,219990,33502856,Posted: 13 July,all,Alvin3Dot,Not bad at all for an indie game! Thumbs up! Worth the buy if you looking for hack & slash gaming experience.
,Recommended,219990,33502487,Posted: 13 July,all,EternalGem,"My Personal Experience- I helped a man who tried to forcefully have his way with a lady. He's last words were for me to kill her father, and so I did. While at it I also murdered the poor lass with my blunt enchanted mace. All because of knowing the story from one point of view.- I watched a father burn his house that contians his family that were alive.- Even knowing that this one little girl was actually a demon, I pretented to be a fool and let her devour a camp filled with survivors.- Instead of leading people back to a safe place, without exploring the options in dialogue, those people died in my hands.""So with all this done, I'm still considered a saint compared to the foul inhumane fiends that lurk the lands of cairn.""P.S: Please carefully pick the right choices."
76561198038795239,Recommended,219990,33498485,Posted: 13 July,all,heathkun,I really love this game.  I couldn't get into torchlight no matter how many times I tried.  This scratches the ARPG itch in a real way.   If you like trying out combos and character building this game will keep you coming back for more for a very long time.
76561197978093401,Recommended,219990,33530369,Posted: 14 July,all,Slayr06,"If you like Diablo, you will like this game. Played D3 and beat it to completion, but this has it beat in terms of gameplay hands down. Production quality may not be there, but many different builds to try, you can build a dual-class character and rebuild (as long as you can afford to buy back your skilll points) and there are a ton of items! Loot is always pouring out and I found the story of the game to be really deep and entrenching. For those seeking more action than story, you're in luck because there are hordes of spirits, undead, and monsters that will challenge you in many different ways! Great game! Glad I tried it out!"
76561198390228711,Recommended,219990,33527792,Posted: 13 July,all,Igneel,"Before I played this game I read many reviews which stated ""It's what Diablo 3 should have been"", after I played this - I agree.  Very dark story, here's an example:  I met someone who was bleeding to death on the side of a path, he informed me with his dying breathe that his partner knifed him and stole their cart and gear.  He begged me that when I find him that I kill him.  He died soon afterwards.  When I found his ex-partner and was ready to avenge the dead ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I was informed that yes he did knife him and leave him to die, but only because said dead partner tried to♥♥♥♥♥♥his daughter earlier..This game is very fun! The only downside is that you need to read up on all the classes, because once you pick one, you're locked in! (which happens about 3-4 minutes after you start)"
,Recommended,219990,33599808,Posted: 16 July,all,DΔVY,"Fantastic game. Lots of content and freedom with character builds. Makes Diablo 3 look like a dusty turd. I suggest you check this game out if you're into the genre. I was skeptical at first it being indie and all; however, I was pleasantly surprised. I can see myself coming back to this game for a very long time."
,Recommended,219990,33586375,Posted: 16 July,all,FacepalmRunner,"This game is Titan Quest in a world looks like Diablo 2 with some new features like devotion system, crafting and a little more map discovering elements.It's a good game but not awesome. Althought it's well-developed, this game, comparing to other new hack and slash games, is much more traditional. There's no farming friendly mechanism like map creator. It'd be a problem because you will need lots of mobs for farming crafting materials or gaining reputitions. Also it is lack of good support for multiplayer gaming which is quite a shame.Anyway, this game is still alive, skills are being altered or even added recently; there is also a new expansion in development. Let's hope it will be something exciting."
,Recommended,219990,33582266,Posted: 16 July,all,Mr. Sandwiches,Worth 1 or 2 hours of gameplay.
76561197960880494,Recommended,219990,33591202,Posted: 16 July,all,Wandris,"Good story, good itemization, good gameplay, good art, good sound. If you are a fan of the genre you will probably like this.    You could get alot of replay value out of this game if you were so inclined. At least one expansion coming in the later in 2017 which will be a definate buy for me."
76561198029761353,Recommended,219990,33592651,Posted: 16 July,all,Dragonier,"I'm really enjoying this game.  It's much like Path of Exile but I like Grim a little better.  It started off pretty easy but it heats up after a bit.  And there are harder modes you can explore.  Good character customization on gear and skills, which I enjoy.  I picked this up during the Steam summer sale for $11.  Well worth it."
76561198052418514,Recommended,219990,28308027,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Lupercal,"This game is amazing!+ Really competent devs (And I mean really!)+ Art direction+ Lore (if youre into reading lost notes and journals, dialogues and such)+ Skill build variety+ Character and monster design+ Established community if you're into metagaming (builds, guides, tips)+/- Crucible DLC is non-optional, but if you want to support the devs it can be really fun with friends! Solo, not as much.. though- The game will NOT hold your hand throughout- Some people are experiencing FPS drops, but for me it only happens when I've gathered huge mobs to clear.. not a huge problemCan't think of anything else negative about the game.. I love it!Keep up the great work, Crate!"
,Recommended,219990,28323728,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,King Noodle,Awesome game for people looking for a good aRPG experience. Lets you get into the action pretty much right away.
76561198116159827,Recommended,219990,28353756,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MedievalT,i love this game.....!!!!Epic mode!!!!!!NEw item!!!!!!
,Recommended,219990,27922915,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,rudolph.mocke,"I bought this game when it was on Early Access. Even then it surprised me. I'm one of the people who was a great fan of Diable 1 and 2, but 3 never caught on due the the whole online nature of the game. After Diablo I played Torchlight, which I found ok and amusing, but this game was epic. This is what Diablo could have been. From the Demon / Undead grim stroyline to the whole epic experience. Often having to re-trace your steps to previous areas to complete additional quests. Lots of loot, both unique and sets. This game was just awesome.Every time a new piece of the game was released, I could not wait to play again to see what has changed. Often with a new class of character (or a new combination). This game has a lot of re-playability value with the different classes (much like Diablo 2 did back in the day).If I had any criticism, it would be that the game is too short and that getting faction recognition takes too long, requiring you to replay the game on multiple difficulties with the same character..."
,Recommended,219990,27919655,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ZephyrsTear,"Anyone who loves a good in depth ARPG should be considering this game, with both the dual class and devotion systems I can see myself playing for quite some time. Definitely worth the price even without a sale."
76561198015942954,Recommended,219990,27920863,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mortified Penguin,"I really enjoy this game.The game is basically Titan Quest with guns and some mechanics that are better.Co-op is great fun.My only issue with the game thus far was that in coop games, if one person talks to NPC, the other person is not aware of what is being said, unless the other person is nice enough to read the dialogue to you.But I would recommended this game for sure for anyone that enjoyed TQ"
,Recommended,219990,27919103,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DJ Body Oil,"A true successor to Diablo 2. I've never played a better ARPG, even with this game's minor flaws."
,Recommended,219990,27915541,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,theronard,Awesome better than Diablo 2 like game! Buy it if you like ARPG!
76561198136568319,Recommended,219990,27926391,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Phonestar,"Good game, needs more new events and stuff, i really didn't like the DLC but the Game itself keeps me occupied away from Real life XD10/10 would sacrifice family for dark powers"
76561198040387356,Recommended,219990,27925707,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,0x2DA24FCC,"A very solid ARPG - great atmosphere of angst and despair, hordes of monsters, non-repetitive locations.The interface and the mechanics were greatly improved since Titan Quest, and now it is good, fast-paced game with convenient controls.Aside from the well-made classic ARPG features, there are some new ones - and they feel very organic.Overall it is a nice play, even though feels a bit too abrupt sometimes."
76561198014892958,Recommended,219990,27579001,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Duffman,"Great game, wish I had more time to play it."
76561198245936010,Recommended,219990,26481577,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,adamov.zahar,great game!
76561198063798326,Recommended,219990,26551986,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,sigmar101,good gameplay--Great Story--need more
76561197971508566,Recommended,219990,26556349,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,cetialpha,I had Grim Dawn bac k in the day it was first out on early access - that seems a lifetime ago.I've watched it come from just ACT 1 all the way through. This is one early access game that not only lived up to it's hype but exceeded it. If you like the Diablo style games then you will love Grim Dawn.There is a ton of loot and you can customise your character in so many ways. Replayability is immense - although I would have loved to have seen more 'off-story' side quests to add yet ghreater variety and depth.Well worth adding to your collection. A very solid buy.
,Recommended,219990,26556628,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Lord Spaceman,"Grim Dawn is an ARPG just like Torchlight, Path of Exile, Titan Quest and Diablo series. However this one is worthy of it's own merits and definitely worth noticing.What Grim Dawn does better than Diablo 3:---+ More atmospheric and moody.+ Better lighting system.+ Better music (possibly better than Diablo 2).+ More stats than you can shake a stick at.+ Better performance.What Grim Dawn lacks compared to Diablo 3:---- A captivating story.- That slight bit of polish.- Character creation screen.Grim Dawn is a better sequel to Diablo 2 than Diablo 3 is purely from a visual/gameplay point of view. It has a ton of depth, longevity and tons of character experimentation. It's more captivating than recent ARPGS of the same vein and is high recommended to ARPG lovers.If you though Path of Exile was good. Then you're bound to find this amazing."
76561198050352026,Recommended,219990,21877674,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Captain Hindsight,"I like the game, now what?"
76561197974590399,Recommended,219990,21877791,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Geist,"I haven't posted on any forum since the old EverQuest days on Allakazam's.  I just really wanted to congratulate the team at Crate for a job well done.I've played absolutely every ARPG since the mid-90's.  This particular genre is my standard go-to for comfort gaming.  Having said that, Grim Dawn is almost damn near perfect for me.I've wanted to channel my creativity and get into the modding scene for years; there just hasn't been a game that has sparked the desire to ""go back to school"" so to speak.  Not even Skyrim.Grim Dawn is my muse.10/10 would pwn Harvey the Drifter again."
,Recommended,219990,21880457,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Terry,"The story and setting is great, the character development is diverse but not so much that it becomes overwhelming. There is a lot of replay value here, I will be going through the game as different classes and difficulties."
76561198026143684,Recommended,219990,21880612,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Clayton Bigsby,Best ARPG since Diablo 2 and in many ways surpases it! Simply a phenomenal game that begs to be played. Could not recommend this one higher.
76561198074744569,Recommended,219990,21939045,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Wuldrick73,FUN GAME !
76561198046058810,Recommended,219990,21938396,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,tetrahemihexahedron,"Grim Dawn is the long awaited spiritual sequel to Titan Quest, the now classic ARPG that bridged the gap between Diablo 2 and more recent games such as Torchlight and Diablo 3. Unlike most looter ARPGs, Titan Quest was set in established mythology, mostly Greek with a sprinkle of Asian. Grim Dawn on the other hand features a completely original world set after a destructive event of which the game draws its name. Your character begins on the ground beneath the gallows after the people of a wayward settlement hung you for being possessed by an Aetherial. Apparently Aetherials are an evil race of beings from beyond the veil aiming to conquer the world, because they apparently inhabited it before regular folks did. You begin helping the people of Devils Crossing, the settlement that previously hung you because hey, what else are you supposed to do. Throughout the game you learn more about the Aetherials, their place in the grand scheme of things and their mortal enemies the demons of the void, the worshipers of Ch'thon.That leads me to one of the very interesting aspects of this game, the fact that not all enemies are the same. By that I mean Aetherials will not fight along side the Ch'thonians, they will happily kill eachother. Wandering the world of Grim Dawn, you will often come across enemies of different factions fighting eachother. The game tracks your involvement with the different factions, killing mobs and bosses will progress your various ""hatred meters"" which at given milestones will cause new and more powerful bosses to spawn in the world.The same goes for the various friendly factions scattered around the land. Doing quests and bounties for a given faction will improve your standing, as will killing mortal enemies of that faction. Improving your standings will give you the opportunity to purchase unique gear and upgrades, as well as special quests. This all serves to bring some well worth life to the world, which often gets swept to the side in favor of your character being a demigod demolishing everything in his/her path on the road to more shinies.This brings me to the nuts and bolts of the game, the character progression. Like Titan Quest, character creation amounts to nothing more than selecting gender. You pick your feller or lady, in my case often a lady, and are thrusted into the world with a stick and plank to fend of the walking dead. You whack a couple of them and the game screams DING! giving you the option to choose one of six classes, or masteries as they're called here. Great, six classes is what you'd expect from an ARPG. You take your pick and progress steadily through the beginning of the game and you reach lvl10 and DING! you get a second pick of the aforementioned masteries. Character creation in this game is actually the pick of two out of these six masteries, giving a grand total of 15 potential classes. As far as I know that is unprecedented since original Titan Quest. The rich amount of build opportunities in this game is reason alone for an ARPG fan to try it out.Like Titan Quest, you pick your masteries and are awarded with three skill points per level. These are not only distributed among active or passive skills, they are also required to further your individual masteries. Every skill in a given mastery requires a set amount of mastery levels, meaning you have to balance the points you get per level up between skills and mastery. There are also three main attributes; physique, cunning and spirit. They can be mostly summarized as health, physical damage and magic damage respectively. They do not define your character as much as skills and masteries, but they do gate gear requirements and optimization.This brings me to the meat and potatoes of a game like this, the loot. At the end, we all play games like this for the ever elusive legendaries. In most loot games gear is typically comprised of a few types per level or tier for each bodypart, with varying degrees of enchantment, as well as a few special pieces with significant power and unique abilities. In Grim Dawn though, there are basically two tiers of ""legendary"". There are the blue ""rare"", which have unique design and often special abilities. Then there are the actual purple ""legendary"", which have even fancier designs and even more powerful abilities. Many legendaries provide abilities that even outshine regular skills. Did you loot a legendary weapon that doesn't fit at all with your character? You could most likely build an entirely new character around that one weapon, just put in the shared stash and return to it whenever you want to. If that weapon happened to be way below the level cap, there's guaranteed to be max tier gear suitable for your character. There are rares and legendaries a plenty to suit every mastery combination you can think of. I have not even mentioned relics, components and augments. Safe to say, this skinner-box has some hella juicy treats.The only complaint I can bring is the relative lack of endgame content. There are the aforementioned faction quests, there are also repetable randomized dungeons, but there are no leaderboards or global stat tracking. For me personally this hardly matters, the main focus of the game is leveling and progressing new characters. I have put in hundreds of hours and I have never reached the level cap (lvl 85) simply because when I reach the later parts of the final difficulty, I have a freshly formed character build in my mind that I happily start fresh with. I have several characters over lvl 70, but right now I find the most joy in my latests lvl 40-ish glasscannon mage, whom I started simply because there was a single skill I wanted to explore (Chaos-transmuted Aether Ray).All in all, this is the best ARPG experience I've had since original Titan Quest. The loot is phenomenal, the amount of build freedom and variety outweighs my experiences of both Diablo 3 and Path of Exile. Crate is a personable developer who seems dedicated to their game and I have no doubts they will continue to support this game for a long time. I have heard rumors of a planned total of 10 masteries, which would give this game an unprecedented amount of character freedom. Even if that turns out to be false, the amount of content available right now is well worth the price of admission, and then some.TL;DRGrim Dawn is the spiritual successor to Titan Quest. It features a similar dual class character progression, all six masteries are varied and unique, all combinations are valid choices with gear to match.Unprecedented player choice in terms of progression and character builds.A faction-based world where enemies of different factions fight eachother, while friendly factions provide unique gear, quests and upgrades depending on your standing. Faction interation is tracked globally, if you kill a significant number of a given hostile faction they will spawn special bosses.Incredibly rich amount of gear with effectively two tiers of ""legendary"" pieces. Gear is tailored to every type of mastery combintation you can think of and most of the high level stuff have unique abilities associated that more often than not outshine regular skills.Lack of endgame might disappoint some people, though in my opinion the focus of the game is leveling and building new characters, not grinding at max level. There are distilled endgame dungeons which provide an effective way of endgame grinding, though starting anew with a fresh idea is far more rewarding.Best ARPG since Titan Quest. It is better than Torchlight 2, Diablo 3 and Path of Exile."
76561198046483599,Recommended,219990,30735658,Posted: 25 March,all,Saurer,Best ARPG out there.
76561197974236088,Recommended,219990,21937420,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,kase818,"Great game, I love it."
,Recommended,219990,21943596,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Aseliot,"A fun ARPG but not very special.There are some cool things in this game, you can combine two classes at level 10 but then you still have to spend a lot of points to be able to unlock the skills you want. So you don't know if you will like you class by level 30ish. With each level you can add some points to attributes, but spending them in your class bar that unlocks skills also raises your stats so it feels a little redundant.There is a reputation system that rewards you with being able to buy high end gear and equipment upgrades that add damage etc. This goes paired with the many items that you can use to augment weapons, so you can end up with a weapon that is upgraded twice.Constitution is a gold/yellow bar on top of your health, when you are out of combat your health goes up and consumes constitution in order to regenerate. You can refill it by finding meals in the world (no inventory items for eating). But this mechanic seems a little slapped in there for good measure and never really feels like it adds that much to gameplay overall.There are also shrines you can restore for points to spent in a passive skill tree with constellations that contain different upgrades and abilities that you can put on top of the abilities that you have already learned.Grim Dawn tries to differentiate itself from other ARPG's but doesn't really stand out that much from the standard ARPG gameplay. It is however a lot more casual than Path of Exile for example, which is pretty hardcore, and because of this it is also a lot more fun to play just a few hours of whenever you feel like it. And it's also hard enough to sometimes challenge you a bit."
,Recommended,219990,27737002,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hokutopain,"For a first time top down dungeon crawler, this game is easy to learn. The sounds and sights in the same are certainly worth it's price. For fantasy / horror lovers alike - it has everything you'd expect to see in a game called 'grim dawn'.Skil tree and leveling system is practical and well thought out. The adjustment of play styles mid game is an added bonus.Recommended title!"
76561197960630786,Recommended,219990,27684645,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,VladTheImpaler,"Grim Dawn is a fantastic ARPG in the vein of Titan Quest.  It has that solid ARPG feeling with plenty of loot to find and a satisfyingly dark story line and art direction.  If you're a fan of the ARPG genere, Grim Dawn is not to be missed."
76561197996282016,Recommended,219990,27402228,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wantonius,Again spent part of the night thinking about a new build. This is the kind of a game that has real staying power. You stop playing for a couple of months and then suddenly one Thursday night you start wondering about a new Trickster build. Next thing you know its another 20 hours in to the game.
76561197998185502,Recommended,219990,27402577,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mandrake,"Almost the opposite of D3 in every way (no hand holding, actual exploration, actual customization, un paralleled build diversity, dedicated dev team, well thought and fleshed out crafting,  amazing depth).'Tis good."
,Recommended,219990,27450778,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Morrígan,"Similiar to diablo 3, but with a better storyline, mechanics and loot are great."
,Recommended,219990,27423655,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Suizo,"Truly a great action RPG game, my choise for the ""I thought this game was cool before it won an award""- award.I feel like this game will have still healthy future and it has been pleasure watching it grow in early access, with raise of mod support game should never truly 'die'.Worth the every penny. no second doubts"
76561198061729712,Recommended,219990,27390395,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Carcharoth68,"Absolute blast of a game, sometime literally. The ability to choose two different classes and intertwine thier skill trees is great. Add to that the skill trees are big enough you could just use one class and not get all of the options. Then to top it off are the items especially legendaries that can bring a whole new set of affects to intereact with your character. The result is hours of carnage for the creatures and evil doers of the Grim Dawn.Also good to note is that updates have been made since release so this is not a dead game. I have seen information indicating an expansion may also be on the way."
76561197969774506,Recommended,219990,27390567,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stooge,Better Diablo 3 than Diablo 3.
,Recommended,219990,27390008,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Didz,"For fans of PoE, D2, TL 1 + 2, Dungeon Siege 1 + 2.  A fun ARPG with a decent story, nice graphics, and a robust set of options for buildling your character."
,Recommended,219990,27194047,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yorick,"The best ARPG since Diablo 2. Lots of character flexibility, great multiplayer support, interesting world/story, and just fun to play. May get old at some point, but I'm almost 200 hours in and I'm still thinking about the next character I'm going to make. If nothing else, that's fantastic value."
76561198004908295,Recommended,219990,27224520,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jebus138,"Greate game, would recommend if you like old school Diablo or Path of Exiles.I love the dark atmosphere."
,Recommended,219990,27221985,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ch36u3v4r4,"Grim Dawn is an Action RPG in the vein of Diablo but is most closely related to Titan Quest (which is also great). It's a gritty steampunk fantasty setting with a pretty decent plot. Obviously the main draw is the addictive loop of grinding mobs for gear, upgrading, socketing and fighting bosses. The mechanics are good and the combat is fun. I played in co-op which worked very well. I think GD finds a place mechanically between Diablo 3 and Path of Exile and brings a good story to the table. A very good game for fans of the genre."
76561197976265374,Recommended,219990,27200596,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,graver,A must have if you like arpg games.
76561197982246956,Recommended,219990,27230937,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,quarius,Very addictive
76561198017778213,Recommended,219990,27096677,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,'Araturo,"This is the ARPG that keeps you playing for ages, just like it's old father Titan Quest, the lore is done extremely well, the combat is good and there are so f**king many customization options!And the best is, the devs keep it updated so that it only becomes better!!!"
,Recommended,219990,27093444,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,XJ X GOD,"Mom, give me five more minutes, please, and this over 9000 times per day. Really amazing way to spend your free and not free time."
76561198096831300,Recommended,219990,22422046,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Cake,联机还是很容易崩溃，但是总体还行强行增加游戏寿命！掉落的装备大部分都不是自己能用的 ！
,Recommended,219990,27124153,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,departed1983,Great game!
,Recommended,219990,27092423,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LuixVix,"English version:""A great RPG game. Totally worth every penny I paid for it."", Me, a generic and RPG & ARPG lover.PROS:I've played it since it's final states of Early Acces and since then it has been one of my favorite RPG games of all times, has evolved from a mostly generic (but very good one) RPG to something unique and dark (wich is nice).It's full of content, with a huge map to explore, a lot of side quests, dungeons and boss battles, wich gives it a lot of useful hours, because in my maaaany hours of game i didn't need to farm for experience, coin or loot, you can just explore and get all of that naturally.Abaut the graphics i would say it have very detailed models, but i don't give it so much importance, because i think that what it's important it's that it have great visuals, and a extremly good scenary and character (NPC's and enemies) design.It have a lot of viable builds and every one is fun to play. It also have a lot of posibilities since you can mix two different classes, but also you can use the constellations to improve your character even MORE.DOWNSIDES:I think they could have been a little more creative with some side quests and I would have apreciated a little more customization of my character. And I think thats it.Absolutely recomendedVersion en español:""Un gran juego RPG. Valió cada centimo que pagué por el."" Yo, un jugador generico y amante de los RPG y ARPG.PROS:Lo he jugado desde sus ultimos años de Early Acces y desde entonces ha sido uno de mis juegos favoritos de todos los tiempos, evolucionando desde un RPG mayormente generico (pero muy bueno) a algo unico y oscuro (lo cual es genial).Está lleno de contenido, con un mapa enorme para explorar, un montón de misiones secundarias, mazmorras y batallas de jefes, lo que le da un montón de horas útiles, porque en mis muchiiiisimas horas de juego no he necesitado farmear experiencia, dinero o botín, puedes explorar simplemente y conseguir todo el eso de forma natural. Los gráficos yo diría que tienen modelos muy detallados, pero no le doy tanta importancia, porque pienso que lo que es importante es que tiene grandes efectos visuales , y un diseño extremadamente bueno de escenarios y de personajes (NPC y enemigos).Tiene un montón de builds viables y todas son divertidas de jugar. También tiene muchas posibilidades ya que puedes mezclar dos clases diferentes, pero también puedes usar las constelaciones para mejorar aún más tu personaje.CONTRAS:Creo que podrían haber sido un poco más creativos con algunas misiones secundarias y habría apreciado un poco más de personalización de mi personaje. Y creo que eso es todo.Absolutamente recomendado"
76561198100597580,Recommended,219990,27088963,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Helmut,"Something new for a diablo player, so far theres nothing bad to say."
76561198085069868,Recommended,219990,27087629,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,astarael,"Great game, fun to play and worth a try for anyone a fan of the genre."
76561198163105459,Recommended,219990,27090720,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Apeiron,"I nominated Grim Dawn for the ""Diablo 2 successor we deserve"" Steam award. While it lacks the Blizzard's art direction quality and distinctive charm, it is IMO the ARPG that does almost everything right. It has dark and sinister atmosphere, branching story paths, replayability, creative skill trees, and cowboy hats. Shame that it is very CPU hungry, poorly optimised, and that it drags a bit at times. Still, one of my favorites in 2016."
,Recommended,219990,27075606,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Drakorix,"Good graphics, atmosphere, dual class system, 10/10"
76561197972283211,Recommended,219990,27079709,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Harpoonist,"I just got back into this game after playing it in early access/beta, and the changes are noticable and appreciated. Very well polished and very fun. Scratches the ARPG itch."
,Recommended,219990,27064768,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lloyd,very good!
76561197973528331,Recommended,219990,27095922,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GRaTe,"This game is very addictive, and there is a ton of loot to find. Very enjoyable, and well worth a look."
76561198149071573,Recommended,219990,27098263,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spiralix,pure out one of the best diablo rpgs since diablo. actually think its better than diablo
,Recommended,219990,27238223,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lux Tizer,Mouse clicking simulator.Diablo 2's only legitimate successor.Bad game engine is the only thing holding this game from perfection. It's not even 64 bit.8/10.
76561197985314252,Recommended,219990,30986534,Posted: 6 April,all,Cleatus,This is what diablo 3 should of been. This is a modern day Diablo. One of the finest steam games I have bought. The developers deserve big props. Thank you for this game you ♥♥♥♥ing beauts.
,Recommended,219990,28733552,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ColonelSiege,"Great ARPG that reminds me of Diablo 2. Didn't think I'd like this game too much since its an Indie game from a developer I've never heard of before, but damn am I glad i bought it!  Very addicting and well done!"
,Recommended,219990,28730732,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,POCKET SAND,"Grim Dawn is by far the best Diablo-esque action RPG I have ever played.The combat is satisfying, the atmosphere is just right for the genre, the story is actually interesting and your character's choices actually make a difference. The class system will keep you making new characters to experiment with different builds again and again.I look forward to putting hundreds and hundreds of hours into this game."
76561198084640511,Recommended,219990,28731269,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Life,"Wow. Its TQ,VH,DS and diablo 2 combined. Everything that they could be together plus more, the character developmemt is something ive missed in new ARPG, I would say its what diablo3 should of been, but this game stands on its own. Very long time since ive played such a good ARPG. Was worth every $$$$, and the devs just brought out a new race for free? Again wow.great game! :)"
,Recommended,219990,28737693,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,smOk3,just simply addicted
,Recommended,219990,28735552,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,cfx,"If you like Diablo and Path of Exile, this is another great game to own! I've had the game since early access and to see how much Crate has and continues to evolve things and make me want to continue to play is great!"
76561198116894748,Recommended,219990,28738875,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Medicineeee,indepth as hell
76561198026639952,Recommended,219990,28727043,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,kloud135,"Really great game if you love Diablo/Titan Quest type games. If it had randomly generated areas, it would probably be one of the best games made imo. Playing the same areas over and over again gets repetitive. I still love it"
,Recommended,219990,28727858,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Veosyn,Very fun game. The best part is probably the story.
76561198046496723,Recommended,219990,28704312,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Aahz,Reminds me of the first Diablo.
,Recommended,219990,28735751,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Stimpo,"Very similar game to titan quest.  The game is not bad, but the skill trees are fairly lackluster and uninspired and the entire game has the feel of an MMO despite the fact that it is primarily a single player game with LAN support.The documentation you will find online is very incomplete, and different sources will give very conflicting information.  Dont even bother trying to get any information on the official forums, stick to the steam forums.  The official forums are nothing but trolls who while they probably know the answer to your question will not under any circumstances answer it.  If they appear to answer you can know with certainty that it is as far from correct as possible."
76561197961088224,Recommended,219990,28736797,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,L8rS8n,Game good! Buy if you like old style Diablo mixed with Titan Quest.
76561198053011988,Recommended,219990,28796643,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,olinhampl,"awsome job guys, way to show up blizzard :)"
76561197974872538,Recommended,219990,19560101,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,leebruk,"I cant stop playing. Just when I started to get bored with it, I discovered mods. 10/10"
76561198157714404,Recommended,219990,28809605,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Apoc.alex,"This game is so fracking addictive and compared to some ive hardly played it at all. i can already see myself sinking hundreds of hours into this game and cant wait to ! 10/10 so far on gameplay, graphics, story/quests and interesting dungeons and monsters. I would recommend this to anyone."
76561198065880919,Recommended,219990,28832309,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TripaJones,"Grim Dawn it's a fusion between Diablo 2 LOD, Torchlight 2 and Path of Exile, with some ""pros"" and ""cons"", with Diablo 3 graphics.Pros:- devotion system that reminde you the huge passive tree from PoE.- great skills that can be your default attack, like in Diablo 3.- every lvl up you can add points to hero atributes and skills, like Diablo 2.- dark and bloody environment and monsters, nothing cartoonist or cute enemies.- you can restore skill points and rework your strategy with ingame currency and its cheap.- you can lvl up two classes, mixing their abbilities to create a even powerfull hero.- npc sell very good items, from magic to rare, and monsters also have good drops.- you can play via lan multiplayerCons:- lan multiplayer make the game freeze sometimes, ctrl+alt+del is the only option.- stationarie battles, there aren't skills like blink, teleportation, jump or acrobatics to evade attacks or quickly move in the battlefield, like in Diablo 3 (the only good thing in this game btw).- estupid steampunk universe, with a mixing of european mediavel theme, tecnology and fire weapons.- few cinematics.- few options of items and gears compared to other games like those I mentioned above.- talking about few items, this game has no bows, no bows! And no archer class.- the closest ranged class is the demolitionist, who is in fact an enrobed fire sorcerer.- the shaman is an enrobed barbarian, IMO, he's stronger beeing a two-handed weapon barbarian than a pure shaman.- all mages in this game have melee attack as base attack unless you got a unlimited stock of mana. This game seriously lack of ranged attack options...If you love diablo, you will like this game, but I recommend to buy it during steam promotions."
,Recommended,219990,28837800,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,theindiegeek,"Great game from the makers of Titan Quest. If you liked TQ, you'll like this."
76561197967403741,Recommended,219990,28768157,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,misterbungle,Finally the Diablo 3 we deserved.
76561197974263317,Recommended,219990,28768288,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Winged Kitsune,"I would absolutely recommend people to go and buy this game.  It's a lot like DIablo 3, except...This game is actually good!  Take everything you know about DIablo 3, and chuck it out the window.  While you're at it throw Diablo 3 out the window too!I really can't praise this game enough.  The atmosphere, the gameplay, the music, the controls.  Everything is perfect.  This is the game Diablo 3 wishes it was.  This game is even better than Torchlight II.Buy it.  You won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,219990,28807441,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,xSyncs`,"Thank you for the game, I love it.....more so than any other of the type.More than D2/D3 or Path of Exile"
76561198056363686,Recommended,219990,28807488,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Blue,"If you don't know what is missing from your diablo, path of exile, torchlight experience is this game. Incredibile content for the christmas sale price."
76561198072824814,Recommended,219990,28778946,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,rujo8238,"I love the game and would greatly recommend it to others, just wish you had a samurai or spear class ."
,Recommended,219990,27220471,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Huggz,"Great atmosphere music and fast paced hack and slash rpg, and in my opinion better than diablo 3. Must play!"
,Recommended,219990,29037568,Posted: 5 January,all,HoopyFroodDude,"Incredibly addicting, almost frustratingly so. I have had a hard time finishing any one character because there are so many options to choose from and I want to try them all. Fantastic game and highly recommended."
,Recommended,219990,28964987,Posted: 2 January,all,StriKeR,Diablo on roids.
76561198040068182,Recommended,219990,28974655,Posted: 3 January,all,Bear,There are few things on Steam as good as this Action Adventure Roleplaying Game.10/10 Big Blue Bear game review ^.^
76561197988141788,Recommended,219990,28973650,Posted: 3 January,all,Don Cheadle,"This game is fun, that's all there really is to it. It reminds me of Diablo 2, which is one of my favorite games of all time. The coolest thing about the game is the devotion system which gives you access to some really cool spells / effects, there's a lot of customization in that respect and a lot of different ways to build your character. If you are thinking about buying this game then just do it, you'll enjoy it and you'll be supporting the developers who seem really cool."
,Recommended,219990,29029471,Posted: 5 January,all,しoraㄨ,just awesome... i want more :)
76561198043567758,Recommended,219990,27508679,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Red Fenix,"If you like Diablo, Torchlight, Dungeon Siege,... you'll like this! Great game to play co-op."
,Recommended,219990,27500282,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zelbubuth,This game is everything I want from an action rpg.  Immersive world.  Variable storyline.  The factions concept is intricate with the number of factions to♥♥♥♥♥♥off or enthrall.  The skill trees are intuitive and unique.  Overall a well put together game.
,Recommended,219990,27142344,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FriedChicken,Fun Coop and solo game. definitely worth the money
76561198190317029,Recommended,219990,27065768,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Heart of Sf,Great game to relax on
76561198024935031,Recommended,219990,27065868,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ayejaybarron,"I have put in over 100 hours on this game, and I have found it to be one of the most enjoyable RPGs I have ever purchased. I loved watching the beta development take this game from a roughly hewn, enjoyable game into a fine work of art with a super-enjoyable conbat system.Many times I've looked at my watch and realized it's 3:00am and I swore I would only play for an hour."
,Recommended,219990,27278024,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kassarin,"Grim Dawn is an excellent isometric RPG game. Despite the presence of other popular isometric RPGs like Diablo 3, Torchlight or Divinity, Grim Dawn's unique theme, class and mechanics sets it apart from the rest.The game excels very well in telling stories through NPCs, each NPC has a unique personality and backstory and players will find themselves yearning to know more about how survivors of the aetherial attack go on about their lives. To reinforce this, Grim Dawn's colour palette is dark and myserious. No more flashy armours, no more flashy weapons, Grim Dawn's consistent use of this theme immerse players deeper into Cairn precisely because players feel that world is more real and can relate to it.There also 15 possible class combinations, and incredibly large skill tree coupled with an extra tree known as devotion. Players will find that their money's worth with the replay value that Grim Dawn offers.Just buy the game; see you in Cairn."
76561197985842805,Recommended,219990,27285727,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tiree [BBA],Great game for those who like Diablo or Path of Exile!
,Recommended,219990,27285908,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,iCeDrAgOn,"I haven't been playing this game as muhc as I should.  I loved Titan Quest, and I love this game even more.  This is how an ARPG game should be done.  Lots of things to kill bosses that give you a challenge and a few choices along the way.  combine that with the ability to make your character the way you want by combineing two distict classes then further customize your character with loot, more loot, oh yes... and even more loot still.  You will be upgrading and trying to make yourself be the best that you can be so you can take on the harder skill levels.All in all it's a great game with a great set of mechanics that have worked well in the past, and Grim dawn has only improved upon what was there before.  If you like to see bodies flying or things bursting in to flame or exploding, or several other possible ways for screen fulls of creatrues to die, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,219990,27280759,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,munin.pbc,One of the best games this year!
76561198063273288,Recommended,219990,27258786,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cpt_Weisemann,"Titan Quest is one of the best arpg I played after Diablo 2. Then I heard the same people who made it making a new arpg with a steampunkish setting. When the game came to early access in Steam I bought it and played with almost all class combinations. It was fun, each combination brings new tactics to the game.The pros:+ Classless character development. You can combine any two subclass to masteries to define your class.+ Steampunk setting with demon invasion.+ Lots of cool items. Being able to use swords and rifles together is great imo.+ Replay ability with class combinations. I have 8 level 45+ characters and I cant decide to play with which one because all of them are fun.+ Monsters. I liked them. Killing each one of them was fun.The cons:- It was short for me.- I prefer open world arpgs like Sacred."
76561197994497986,Recommended,219990,28588214,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BOB13,Very decent game to play. Highly Recommend if you enjoy games like Diablo. Lots of loot decent quests and many character classes to play.
,Recommended,219990,27549744,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Drea-Nor,"The prefect balance of approachable and pure fun.  It genuinely feels fun to defeat you enemies in the same way that Diablo 3 does but it feels more meaningful and hard fought.  It may be because it is newer and hasn't lost it's charm due to having played it for too long but this game feels more engrossing than Diablo 3 does today.  This game feels like it has more depth and more options than Diablo 3, but it is not a perfect game and has it's flaws the same way any other game does.  That said, it is a really fun ride with amazing multiplayer."
,Recommended,219990,27534420,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scote,"Awesome game!  Must collect all the loot!!  So many characters to play, so little time!"
,Recommended,219990,27546784,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ungorn,Like Diablo but better...
,Recommended,219990,27545543,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Izibaar,Great ARPG like Diablo 2. Also it receives regular updates for free and sometimes for a small amount.
76561197970411549,Recommended,219990,27558412,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,fdoyon,Didn't read the dialogue and a whole village was murdered because of me.10/10 - Still not reading anything.
,Recommended,219990,29105084,Posted: 7 January,all,eletrikjeff,"Firstly, I have a few more hours played than steam shows, but regardless, Grim Dawn is a fantastic game. Feeling a lot like Diablo 2, Grim Dawn is a dark, dank crawl through musty old dungeons, cobwebbed crypts and unhallowed fields of the rising undead. Theres more loot than you care to deal with. There are abilities and experiece trees that you can fill in any way you please, to make a character than is personal to you and spectaculary unique. The enemies are your standard undead fare, bugs, wolves, big bosses and the like. Everything about this game is just satisfying. The graphics are nice, with dark supressing art styling. The voice acting, though only voiced on a few main characters, is well done and convicing. Combat is customizeable yet familiar to anyone whose played ARPGs. The game is long, and the environments are huge. Overall Grim Dawn is an easy purchase to fans of RPGs and a recommended purchase for fans of fantasy novels or mideval themes."
,Recommended,219990,26924421,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fenom1,"At the face of it, this is another Diablo clone ARPG; but the crafting, leveling up, loot and enemy explosions make it one I can't stay away from."
76561198067548260,Recommended,219990,31061642,Posted: 10 April,all,comrade the butcher,downright addicting
,Recommended,219990,29262372,Posted: 14 January,all,Siyano,"its an ok arpg, although I feel like I got tired of it after only the first normal playthrough"
76561198169813455,Recommended,219990,29258816,Posted: 14 January,all,Sc.tt,"If you are an ARPG fan, you enjoyed the likes of Diablo 2, Sacred, Torchlight, Titan Quest, Path Of Exile or anything of the sort......Just buy this game its great in pretty much everyway."
,Recommended,219990,31037699,Posted: 9 April,all,imTRiPPiNG,"This game is hard as ♥♥♥♥ on veteran.  At least for me with my two hand melee build.  I'm doing it because I hate that feeling of not playing it on the harder difficulty.  Also the loot is better but at an unproportionate scale to getting my♥♥♥♥♥wooped.  I love the class building.  And I can compare this game to baldurs gate and skyrim together.  You can combine two classes and also have a devotion buffing category that you can delve into somewhat like the attribute constellations in skyrim.  It's a third person rpg but can also have online groups which I haven't done much of yet, but seems to be much easier with others to help.I chose demolitionist and arcanist.  I didn't realize at first that I could not change my points after choosing my second class.  You can reconfigure points out of the home town but for the classes already chosen.  So choose your classes carefully yall!good♥♥♥♥♥game with replay value"
,Recommended,219990,29976514,Posted: 16 February,all,Deleterious,one of the best out there!
76561198015671174,Recommended,219990,29963832,Posted: 16 February,all,KN!FE,This is one of the best games I've ever played. Period.
,Recommended,219990,30095601,Posted: 22 February,all,Shadrach,cant go wrong with this game
,Recommended,219990,30040302,Posted: 19 February,all,Mokaki,One of the best ARPG I've played. This and Torchlight 2 is all you need.
,Recommended,219990,30073103,Posted: 20 February,all,Dire Miralis,"Titan Quest + Diablo 2 = Grim Dawn.If you liked TQ, imagine that with a lot more gore and depressing story.Skill trees and classes are all pretty fun and varied.  I have completed the game on 3 different characters and started Ultimate mode.The only real downside is that the skills are not all that flashy.  Nothing screen wiping like Chain Lightning or Frozen Orb or such."
76561198165473596,Recommended,219990,30090262,Posted: 21 February,all,Belligerent Banana,This game is what Diablo 3 should have been.  It combines the complexity from Diablo 2 with the fluidity of combat from Diablo 3.
76561198120705790,Recommended,219990,29968631,Posted: 16 February,all,peterakos,"Nice game, many combinations, but at some point it gets boring."
,Recommended,219990,29995577,Posted: 17 February,all,Insomniac_Ren,its ok
,Recommended,219990,29995094,Posted: 17 February,all,jundijosh,"The story is okay, but the meat and potatoes is the adventure itself. Controller support is nice and replay value is high!"
,Recommended,219990,31055049,Posted: 9 April,all,NFL Basek,This game really suprised me when it comes to content and loot. Extemely additictive and fun. 10/10
76561197974925929,Recommended,219990,31046155,Posted: 9 April,all,Mr Sommer,"Great game with bad network code.Don't get me wrong, it's definitely playable via Internet - and I did it alot, thats why I know the pain of very noticable lags, the endless loading server list and the not working ""Join a friend"" option. And when the host leaves, everything thats not in your inventory is lost - also your grave due the lag-dead.But hey, the game itself is awesome, a lot to discover, many secret areas, quite a variety of unique weapons and sets, nice crafting system and flexible character progression. A must for every ARPG fan!"
76561198084569691,Recommended,219990,31970955,Posted: 26 May,all,Jeremyz,"My first Steam review.  Why? Because this game bloody deserves it.  Grim Dawn, while not perfect, is a severely underrated dark horse of the ARPG genre, having much less exposure than its juggernaut rivals: Diablo, Path of Exile, Torchlight.  While I'm not gonna delve into the flame war of which games are better, I feel it is a MUST to give this game credit for what it does BETTER than its rivals:Pros:1. Incredible Class diversity - the flexibility to mix and match 2 ""Masteries"" (the equivalent of classes) to form your own customized character gives the game an insane amount of replayability.  While daunting and confusing at first, once you get the hang of it, the realization of just how deep this game is will hit you like a truck, and you'll become an instant alt-a-holic like me.  Additionally, the Devotion system (aka Skill Tree) system adds yet another layer of complexity to character building, and progression through the tree is actually accomplished by exploration or through the Crucible (google it).  There are special abilities in the Devotion tree that can be paired to spells/abilities, granting a chance to trigger unique effects like a ""% chance summon a rain of meteors on attack"", or ""summon a skeletal minion upon enemy death"" whenever you use that spell/ability.2. AMAZING world - Unlike other games in this genre, the Grim Dawn world map is not randomly seeded.  It is a fixed, beautifully handcrafted world with LOADS of cleverly hidden secrets to discover.  Optional dungeons, rogue-like dungeons, superbosses, and hidden epic questlines are just waiting to be uncovered.   You thought jrpgs like final fantasy had the most superbosses packed into a single game? Think again... Grim Dawn has more.  This makes exploration highly rewarding and addictive.3. LOOT - THIS.... this is the part the game really sucks you in.  IMO, the loot system of grim dawn BEATS THE LIVING CRAP out of all its rivals.  Simply put, the loot drop system REALLY encourages rolling alts.  I can't recall how many times I've rerolled a new character just so I could use that shiny new legendary drop that didn't fit the build of the character it dropped for.  The ""common stash"" allows you to share almost every loot drop (except certain rare materials) with your alts.  Hop into multiplayer and trade for even more loot.  A.... ddic....tive.4. Gameplay ""Feel"" - In GD, your spells and attacks connect with your enemies, resulting in satisfying sounds, sreen shakes and spells burst out in a multitude of shapes, colors, and sizes.  You truly ""feel"" the impact of your attacks... unlike certain really clunky games in the same genre *cough*Pathofexile*cough*.  Attacks can also miss (unlike Diablo 3).  The speed of your character's movement is also limited compared to games like Diablo and PoE, so that the game doesn't turn into a maddening, seizure inducing race to blaze through everything... which IMO is very refreshing after coming from 10 straight nephalem rift speedruns in Diablo 3.5. IT'S CHEAP.  FOR THE RAW AMOUNT OF CONTENT YOU GET OUT OF THE BOX, IT'S SO DAMN CHEAP.6. Incoming expansion soon :DBut of course, there are areas where Grim Dawn does indeed fall short of its competitors... and I'm not gonna sugar coat it:Cons:1. Lack of dedicated servers for multiplayer - P2P.... a dirty word in today's day and age, and completely unacceptable in my book, but there's nothing that can be done.  There is simply not enough support for the game for it to be financially feasible for the developers to add dedicated servers.... which brings me to the next point:2. Small community - Sadly, a direct result of con no. 1.  If you're aiming to play this game multiplayer, you gotta make some friends and get them to buy the game, or lurk around the forums to find some regular playmates.3. MASSIVE time sink - This game doesn't pull any punches.  Don't expect to be geared up in a week like Diablo 3.  This game is arguably on par with Path of Exile in terms of time investment.  A lot of my casual friends hate this game just because they haven't sunk enough time into it to see the whole picture that is Grim Dawn, but if you're the type who can afford the time, this con would be a HUGE pro.4. Slow development and updates - This game has been plagued by a lot of development hurdles in the past, and their lack of content updates will leave you hanging for quite awhile.  Fortunately, most of the content updates have an excellent level of quality to them, making them something to look forward to (unlike certain games that release DLC classes... and purposeless  zones just for the sake of releasing content ;) ).5. Optimization - I have a powerful PC.... but I get serious framerate hiccups.  Even after many updates, the problem persists in hectic battles with monsters filling the screen and spell effects exploding everywhere.  It's bearable for the most part, but inexcusable.Concluding statement (TLDR): Just buy the damn game."
,Recommended,219990,32050486,Posted: 29 May,all,WAAAGH,great game
,Recommended,219990,32050206,Posted: 29 May,all,Rojen,Best ARPG ever!
76561197975192064,Recommended,219990,24632896,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Spencetron,"I suppose with the amount of hours I have invested into this game I may as well give it a review. I've been on the search for diablo type games for a very long time. I love fate, d3, d2, Torchlight etc. This one has a awesome feel to it in terms of character progression. Being able to customize a character between two different class types is awesome. I am always able to tweak it differently each time I start a new toon. Graphics are amazing and since its birth I have seen a resounding improvement on gameplay and the mechanics. Truly worth checking out if you are interested in said games mentioned in this review."
76561197977330447,Recommended,219990,31888627,Posted: 21 May,all,Daemonjax,"10 hours should be enough time to know if you like a game or not, but if you disagree then feel free disagree with me.D2:LoD just does it better.EDIT:  Changed it to recommended because it is better than Torchlight 2, and maybe it's a bit unfair to compare it to D2:LoD -- one of the best games ever that even Blizzard can't figure out how to top.Ignore the time played because I leave it running in the background a lot. ;)"
76561198005378009,Recommended,219990,32067301,Posted: 30 May,all,Szeryf,A good and fun game. Got me hooked up longer than D3.
,Recommended,219990,32059597,Posted: 30 May,all,Maxx_Powerbomb,This game is alot of fun and even better multiplayer!
76561197997923209,Recommended,219990,32063572,Posted: 30 May,all,zimzamzam,"A great game for fans of Diablo 2, Titan Quest, Torchlight I & II, etc.  Each class has lots of satisfying skills to choose from and the devotion/constellation system allows for some creative customization.  Definitely worth buying!"
76561197972384742,Recommended,219990,31605161,Posted: 7 May,all,victor423,"A great game that instantly had me hooked.Good character progression, interesting graphics, lots of loot and great lore.  I like that there are lots of choices available to you and you can mix many of your talents to have a really unque and powerful play style.I spent a lot of time just reading the journals and notes that I found.  They were well written and hightened the mood of the game really effectively.If you like your action RPGs don't hesitate to buy it!"
,Recommended,219990,31614280,Posted: 7 May,all,Barinten,Just buy it.
,Recommended,219990,31641462,Posted: 9 May,all,squeeker,its like diablo with the theme of bloodborne
,Recommended,219990,31640132,Posted: 8 May,all,Ramku,"Although the game has flaws that I despise (camera rotation, character customization, and HUD display), I will always recommend it. I feel like the game is underrated, but I do not know many people who play this genre. I am generally biased when it comes to games, especially of the graphical quality; however, the game is ranked in my top 10 (I own a lot of games), and killing tons of enemies with a challenging game mode is something I enjoy. This review sucks, but I liked the game enough to type it at 1 in the morning. That alone should mean the game is worth it..."
,Recommended,219990,31659188,Posted: 9 May,all,Orkeosaurus,"A very good hack n' slash game in the spirit of Titan Quest, but there's nowhere near as much end game content as Diablo 3."
,Recommended,219990,27121456,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CaptOblivious,This game is great! Love the atmosphere and how it doesn't feel like a grind! The only negative thing for me so far is how it runs pretty bad. It's the only game so far that I can't max out without dipping to 40 fps.
76561198152266302,Recommended,219990,31674998,Posted: 10 May,all,dkash666,"Great Diablo 2 like game, im playing this game since one month and i cant stop playing. A chosen one. :)"
76561198004357733,Recommended,219990,31686912,Posted: 11 May,all,Rey,This game is Grim #dawn.
76561198100342971,Recommended,219990,31686217,Posted: 11 May,all,Moose Is Mayhem,Great game played D3 and would 100% says this game is what D3 should of been like from the start . My only gripe is when playing with a friend and you get to choose the orders you help if you both choose diffrent it doesn't allow one player to get the quests from there order but that a minor thing.
,Recommended,219990,31695189,Posted: 11 May,all,Mitenval,"Великолепная игра достойная уважения создателей. Особенно понравилась красочность игры несмотря на то что в основном пейзажи игры мрачноваты, так же порадовала система прокачки как в TQ. Не забрасывайте игру, купил и остался очень доволен, проходил ее заного после каждого крупного обновления).P.S Очень жду некроманта и инквизитора)"
,Recommended,219990,22247294,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,SirSleepzAlot,GD >>> D3
76561197973050255,Recommended,219990,15993355,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Cochise,IMO
,Recommended,219990,24117475,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Iivaitte the Alchemist,"The skill trees seemed rather shallow to me at first, but when I started training devotions everything changed.There is a lot of room for building your character the way you want.Combat is pretty fluid and satisfying in a popping bubble wrap kind of way.My only concern right now is the camera lock, but its just a minor inconvenience"
76561197989876351,Recommended,219990,32568102,Posted: 19 June,all,Dr. Bender,"For those of you who have played titanquest, you are going to love this. It's made by the coredevelopers of Titanquest, and you can feel it in the gameplay. Very fun game and I recommend it for anyone interested."
76561198002819606,Recommended,219990,32464534,Posted: 15 June,all,Taffy,"The short of it, this to me is the spiritual successor to Titan Quest. The setting may be a bit dark for some palates, but the gameplay is great, so much that I urge anyone who likes ARPGs to look past that.Lots of fun ways to build your characters. Passives, toggles and spells all over the place. I made a build and I'm not even sure if it's ""optimal"" but damn it I'm having fun."
,Recommended,219990,32492345,Posted: 16 June,all,LAETH08,"Played just under 20 hours. This is a good game. Reminds me a lot of the Diablo series. Diablo 3 def. should have been like this. If you have played Titan Quest, then you should know what type of engine the game runs on. Not a bad thing, but I think that engine is kinda old now.Hoping to see a PS4/Xbox One/Nintendo Switch port with local Co-Op support for 4 players."
76561198191134730,Recommended,219990,32570623,Posted: 19 June,all,ithacua,"Great graphics,great story better than Diablo 3 by far."
76561198016311274,Recommended,219990,33077986,Posted: 1 July,all,Fitzy,great game must play if you like ARPGs
,Recommended,219990,33146145,Posted: 2 July,all,BALD'Réal,This game is awesome. Enough said.
,Recommended,219990,25518517,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Aesthemic,"Grim Dawn is quite frankly a very fun ARPG that has more depth than I originally thought it would. Playing the game with friends is an absolute blast, though the dark tone of the game might be a bit of a turn off for some people. I think Diablo fans will find themselves at home."
,Recommended,219990,33317701,Posted: 6 July,all,Ozminaut,"Fantastic gameplay, easy to pick up and play for 20 minutes or 3 hours. I definitely see myself playing multiple characters just to experience the different classes and play styles. Story isn't mindblowing, but is interesting enough and there is plenty of lore to read if you're into that. The game's art style feels like a cross between Diablo and Bloodborne, and is very well designed. I never played any of the Diablo games, but if you love ARPG's like it you'll LOVE Grim Dawn. If you do buy, I recommend doing a Demolition/Arcane build character (gunslinging sorcerer FTW)!"
76561198020231933,Recommended,219990,33235652,Posted: 4 July,all,Nick,Plenty of playtime available if youre into the genre of game. Only concern is the developers constantly buffing and nerfing builds causing potential tens of hours of playtime to be completely wasted.
,Recommended,219990,33231221,Posted: 4 July,all,shotakoe,Best alternative to Diablo 2 you'll get.Game is essentially titan quest in dark fantasy world.
,Recommended,219990,33225313,Posted: 4 July,all,KP,"Best ARPG. Been playing Titan Quest and when I knew that some of the guys worked with THQ are now making this epic game, I couldn't help but to check to this out. And it really surpassed my expectations!"
76561198032484944,Recommended,219990,30160299,Posted: 24 February,all,spongylord,"Easily the best ARPG I have ever played since Diablo 2 and Diablo 2 Lord of Destruction, of which I had a lvl 99 of every class and thousands of hours invested. If you enjoyed Diablo 2 and thought 3 left something to be desired, Grim Dawn will not disappoint. Fight everything from the classic undead hordes to FREAKIN CTHULHU monsters. This is a game where the simple feeling of leveling up is a rush, as the talents and devotions used to customize your 2 class combonation go through a plenty of game-changing options.I cannot say anything better about this game than this... It's legit as addictive as Diablo 2 and WAY better than Diablo 3, even better than Torchlight and Torchlight II."
,Recommended,219990,28655635,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,COinOPtranSplant,"This is a fun hack and slash adventure with all the loot clicking goodness. The art style is dark and you can easily dump hours without even thinking about it with all the augmentation and customization with skills and loot.Be forwarned though, there can be FPS issues with the build of this program that can have you scratching your head for days even if you have a beast computer.Upon first day of download, this title was plagued with microstutter and monsterrous FPS dips even on minimum graphic settings.After a week of scouring the forums and support and an attempt to get my money back. I simply set CPU priority for Grim Dawn.exe to Real Time and I'll be damned if the microstutter/fps dips didnt just go away.It was worth trying to figure out the technical issues to get after this absolute gem of an RPG.****UPDATE******I am a dual pistol wielding Combat Engineer of death and destruction with a healing thunder chicken!!! I mean hells yes!!!"
,Recommended,219990,30166924,Posted: 25 February,all,CasualCoMa,"This is what I think Diablo should have been.Its a great game, decent difficulty and gives a good feel to it.The only drawback in my mind is that after creating a char you cant see if its a casual or hardcore char... some small indication would be nice for that but who knows that may come with an update or so later on.If you like Diablo like games I would say that this is a game worth buying."
76561198002573015,Recommended,219990,31199802,Posted: 17 April,all,Metalocalypze.,Well worth buying. Great price too
76561197995358558,Recommended,219990,30233980,Posted: 27 February,all,SanKouKai,"Diablo 1 & 2 were (still are) great games.Hate Diablo 3No i'm playing Grim Dawn, i'm addicted to it.Just one thing : Need a better cpu than a fx-8350 to run the game full graphics with no lag. I'll go Intel."
76561198089930023,Recommended,219990,29964451,Posted: 16 February,all,FatBellyMan,"Played for a while with a friend, but for some reason neither of us can open the game anymore?IDK the reason but please fix issue. I do not believe we are the only ones going through this issue.Edit: Fixed and I am really excited to play this game again :)"
76561198044709339,Recommended,219990,30279039,Posted: 2 March,all,KC BBQ,"I grew up on Diablo II and this game definitely filled the void that Diablo III left.  It provides the build complexity that Diablo II allowed, and what I was missing so much.  Melee caster? Done.  Tanky AoE debuffer?  No problem!  I will take a break from this game every once in a while,  but I inevitably make my way back.  This was the exact same case as Diablo II.  The game is graphically satisfying as well.  The gritty art style fits it well.  Some of the spell effects could be a little more unique,  but it is really only a minor ding.  This game ranks right up there with Diablo II as one of my top ARPGs.   It certainly bests Diablo III and Torchlight II in my opinion.  Definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,219990,30284019,Posted: 2 March,all,Halledici,2017 game crush simulator 10/10but yes game is good
76561198107381073,Recommended,219990,31112520,Posted: 13 April,all,Alcwyn,"Great hack'n'slash. Few minor annoyances, but overall great fun."
76561198148125059,Recommended,219990,31127920,Posted: 13 April,all,shadonlau,Cannot wait for the next patch .Diabo have better graph but grim dawn gives me better gameplay experience due to its profession combination and star system.Come and play with us
76561198017043719,Recommended,219990,21796814,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sui,best RPG in a long time
,Recommended,219990,31105060,Posted: 12 April,all,Hellzicke,"Diablo 2.5I was still trying to figure if I liked this game or not when I realised I spent the last 3 days playing it. It's very much like Diablo 3 but in some aspects better in my opinion. I just love games that let you mix and blend classes and abilities as you wish, this is this game selling point.The devs also seemed to find a good balance of managing your characters health, no wasting potions just to heal up after a fight but still challenging enough to use them when &lt♥♥♥♥♥♥gt; hits the fan.Get this game, bargain at $25"
,Recommended,219990,24406221,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,klplay001,"Game optimization is too bad.When I run this game,my CPU(core i5) temperature is over 95℃ and GPU is over 90℃."
,Recommended,219990,30367246,Posted: 6 March,all,Thothorin,"I played through Diablo III and beat it , never went back to play it. I beat Grim dawn around 30 hrs ... Im now on about 50. Just got my first piece of Legendary and I just want to keep on playing. If you want a game that is worth the money then get this for $25, it is well worth the money and the replay value is extremely high. This is only my FIRST CHARACTER, I have to make at least 2 more."
76561198053963045,Recommended,219990,30370956,Posted: 7 March,all,Dragnuss,Great game.
,Recommended,219990,22314404,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Somicron,Throughly enjoyed this.
,Recommended,219990,30364981,Posted: 6 March,all,Ɔodepwned,"10/10 Game,Lets keep this review simple. The game is extremely well made, very stable, fantastic storyline and lore. The development team really listens to fans. If you enjoy Diablo 2 or Path of Exile, Grim Dawn is right up your alley. It's got it's own unique playability to make it not a clone and take a different angle on what Diablo 3 should have been.I think the only complaint anyone has had is that there seems to be a very long time between content releases. There first expansion is in the works and considering the quality of the base game, it's understandable.Definitely worth $25 for hundreds of hours of gameplay."
76561198112597048,Recommended,219990,30365019,Posted: 6 March,all,lmz,"I am over 100 hours into this game and I must say....FINALLY!  This game is better than Diable 2, and just as good, if not better, than Diablo 3.  Need I say any more?"
76561198064122781,Recommended,219990,9418371,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,DoGgs,"Firstly let me say its not a bad game...its just not good either...19.99 currently 14.99 is too expensive for what it is, there are many other better iso rpg's that are way cheaper...at least this game has made me cease purchasing early access games...once this is finished its gonna be pretty much what it is now...uninspiring, graphically bland and run of the mill. It is very much like titan quest, gave up on that after a few hrs as well.....lesson learnt for me at least!"
76561198071823328,Recommended,219990,30303252,Posted: 3 March,all,Elsenrail,"An excellent action RPG. Far better than Diablo. They could work a bit more on the setting, as it is not clearly defined (where is the capital etc.), but overall it is a great game."
76561198015752245,Recommended,219990,23358675,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,AK Night Hawk,This game is awesome. One of the best RPGs I played since the Diablo Series. I actually like this game better the Diablo actually. I highly reconmend this game to every one who love Diablo style RPGs. You will not be dissapointed.
,Recommended,219990,22696329,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,HollySane,To scratch that Diablo itch -__-
76561198141212225,Recommended,219990,23576561,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,twitch.tv/zentoyt,Quests are a tad hard to get used to with ai location but other than that this game is amazing to play and with all the character class customization and in depth loot gathering makes this a game that generally all round amazing!
,Recommended,219990,23480231,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Quattro,"From the creators of the classic Action RPG 'Titan Quest', comes Grim Dawn. ARPG's are one of my favorite genres, and this game does not dissappoint. This game has so many amazing features. Tons of different ways to play, classes to mix and match, and loot to find. Easily the best ARPG in recent years. If you're a fan of the genre, or just want something great to play, this is what you're looking for. Just be sure to play on Veteran difficulty for a more enjoyable experience!"
76561198050177547,Recommended,219990,30546878,Posted: 16 March,all,Vayhnn,"TLDR: Higly recommended. One of the best if not the best ARPG out there... And it doesnt cost much.When I first bought GD, I spent 40+ hours playing the streamline way, without really thinking deeply about my character. It simply didnt work and I hit a serious wall in the second difficulty mode (Elite).I stopped playing for a while then started back a couple of weeks ago, and I decided to do it seriously this time. My second character went through the three difficulty modes. Hardly, but he made it. So I started a third one with all the knowledge I've acquired, and I'm now having a blast.GD is about learning to build your character the right way. It's not easy, but it's absolutely rewardful.Plus the fact that the game itself looks great, and the lore is awesome. Seriously guys, read all the notes you'll find in game. Cairn would be a terrible place to live in.For that price, I cant thank enough Crate about what they've done. Once you're in, you know that those guys love their game and their community. I seriously cant wait for the expansion to be released.Go get it already if you're in ARPG, you cant be wrong on that one.PS: check the mods as well, some are very useful (inventory management for example)"
76561198060745815,Recommended,219990,31227941,Posted: 18 April,all,Daimon Michiko,"Grim Dawn is one of those grinding games that offer huge optimization for your in-game characters. It is fun when you have the time to try and explore every build ranging from defensive, offensive, hybrid, range, melee, etc.One thing that bother me the most is that there is not enough ""fast travel"" option in the game, but hey other than that I give this game 8,8/10"
,Recommended,219990,31080688,Posted: 11 April,all,Microsoft EXCELSIOR!,"This game is a dark fantasy RPG to it'sCOREand I LOVE IT! Like... down to weapons actually taking up space instead of weight in your inventory. Sometimes I feel like the progression is too slow between investing in core stats (+stats and required to advance you down skill tree), passive abilities, and active skills. But that being said you can make a vast array of different builds and I've had lots of fun experimenting with what I can do. The fights are genuinely challenging at time, often forcing you to use health potions if you come in unprepared, and the dungeons are brutally long but fun.The world is absolutely massive and while only a few select areas feel repetitive you can always find something interesting in each area. Additionally travel is easy as you use a fixed portal system, basically meaning you can teleport from anywhere to certain points on the map. I personally like the fact Grim Dawn expands on this by allowing you to return to the point you teleported from via a fixed location portal.The loot system feels fantastic and balanced, never giving you a deluge of weapons and armor to sort through but making you feel like you've earned a lot. You will also receive a weapon/armor piece that is just blasted awesome rarely but you don't feel cheated or like it's necessary to grind. And of course half the items you receive have interesting names. I know it seems like I'm digging deep but you when come across theChestpiece of the Half-Burned Witch(made-up example) you have a moment of ""sweet!"" even if it's not actually that good.I won't say anything about the story as to avoid spoilers but it starts off strong and stay strongs through what you might consider the first 'act'. It does drop off in the second but picks right back up in the third (even eventually allowing you to pick between two factions) and I haven't gotten further than that. As for the content of the story itself: I like it. I really like the direction they took with it.Grim Dawn really is just a refreshing RPG experience and this is coming from a guy who really doesn't care for many RPGS and definitely not MMORPG's. I'm going to give this a solid 9/10 for RPG fans and 7.5-8/10 for those who aren't. I'm also giving it the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seal of Approval for dickish characters you relish killing and tough boss fights.IMPORTANT NOTE: This game seems to have a problem with Nvidia Shadowplayer and it will launch but you won't be able to use the mouse and therefore unable to start the game until you disable an attachment in NS (just for this game). I don't remember exactly what is and I really wished I did. But there's this amazing things called Google. Use it."
76561198196497443,Recommended,219990,31073247,Posted: 10 April,all,daigle_jordan87,I just started but I love it so far. If your a fan of the Diablo games try this one.
,Recommended,219990,31076839,Posted: 11 April,all,Baconbeard,"This game is on Fire!!!Level 41 Commando Thane CloudbreatherPros -- The class build system is Huge- Abilities look very nice- Good range of spells and equipment- map design and variety is 10/10- Enemys and bosses are of a wide variety- Co-Op is awesome- The world itself is huge (only loading screens and when teleporting or entering caves/mines etc)- Controller support or Point/Click- Camera rotation!!!- Gritty and dark Graphics (sets the scene)Cons- no move and attack (can feel abit static)- customisation is almost non existent (male or female, would of been nice for at least hair and beard options)- correct me if im wrong but no helmet hide?!?!- can seem overwhelming at first (but persist i beg you)Graphics - 9/10Gameplay - 8/10Sound - 7/10Online - 10/10Replayability - 10/10Overall - 9/10ARPG of 2016/17 for mebetter than Diablo 3, POE, Van helsing:Final cut and Torchlight 2Not as good as - Diablo 2, Baldurs Gate: Dark alliance and Champions of Norrathon par with Victor vran."
,Recommended,219990,31089999,Posted: 11 April,all,chap,just a few frame drops in big fights97/100
,Recommended,219990,31067176,Posted: 10 April,all,Marsh,"Much Hack, Such Slash.Co-op is really fantastic so far. No bugs, or errors of any kind. The gameplay is solid, and fun with large amounts of customization in your overall character perks. The game really opens up right around level 10+. You get to multiclass/prestige class, and that's around the time that you start getting very neat items."
76561198015937705,Recommended,219990,31069504,Posted: 10 April,all,PghDave420,great game if you love titan quest you are guna like this more
,Recommended,219990,29200999,Posted: 12 January,all,Friendo,Impressive game. I was looking for a good offline arpg after playing path of exile for a while and this one makes the cut. Loads of customization and pretty satisfying combat.
76561198106751228,Recommended,219990,29209185,Posted: 12 January,all,wAs.Soilwork,"Ok, it's about time i wrote a review about Grim Dawn. Having the problem of a really short atention spam lately i only play most games a few hours a month. I got Grim Dawn a few weeks ago and boy, was I in for a trip.The fact that i already have 60+ play hours for less than a month speaks loud enough about how good this game really is.Now, i've played D2 and D3 for years, some TQ and Torchlight 2, but Grim Dawn is something else. It's so fluid and beautiful, my top character is only lvl 52 so far and i have a few 20+ lvl chars but grinding the same level hasnt made me feel frustrated or annoyed so far. There are 15 possible class combinations with more to come with the expansion later this year.Builds can differ, depending on your play style. Unlike Diablo 3, there is more than 1 viable build for each class, and improvisation is always welcome. I will not go into any further details about the game, but it has a really nice flow and overall feeling to it. You can even log for 20 mins, kick some♥♥♥♥♥and then get back to your real life duties (if you dont have any, it's about time you get out of your lair, yes i mean YOU :P )All in all - Grim Dawn is awesome. The price is Okay, when it's on sale you can get it for like 17 euros. Imo buying when at full price is fine as well. Support the devs, a nice expansion is on it's way, and unlike Reaper of Souls, I am sure it will not disappoint."
76561197987577919,Recommended,219990,29257816,Posted: 14 January,all,lets get retarded,"Game is a breath of fresh air to RPG's ,you should try it for sure"
,Recommended,219990,29197381,Posted: 11 January,all,Broham,This is exactly what diablo 3 wishes it could be.
,Recommended,219990,28794355,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Vice,Pretty good
,Recommended,219990,29159676,Posted: 10 January,all,TOG | Pvt Parts,"I'm recommending only because there's nothing seriously broken in this game ... if you like your Diablo I clones without the engaging story of the original (but with homage sound effects), souless in game charaters and a ton of grind, a la Diablo II. For those who like to play with perma death turned on, GD has a shareable locker for your hard core characters, a la Diablo III, at least in the original Van Helsing series it allowed you go the where you last character died and find their stuff.I can confirm the overly generous Item drop mechanic other reviewes have mentioned. I'm a less is more kinda dude and the drop system is best compared to eating an entire pack of marshmallows all by yourself: sweet when you start, ever sickening as your progress ...Other pet peevs:- respawns in the area's you've cleared on your next play session:  only with monsters / packs jazzed to scaled to match your current level (my point is why bother leave us with a sense of satisfaction instead of an unnecessary delay to the story progression)- a dumbed down contellation progression system perloined from Path of Exile. PoE's take is for more intersting and complex.- doesn't really add anything new to the genre like, torchlight, PoE of the Van Helsing series did.But as I said, nothing really broken, so if you're in need of an alt-Diablo fix, this is for you."
,Recommended,219990,29105811,Posted: 7 January,all,-(smk)- the Turtle Tamer,"Excellent gameplay, and nearly infinite possibilities with hybrid classes and an interesting constellation skill tree. Tons of loot and a decent story...the setting/style isn't all that intriguing to me, but the gameplay speak for itself. Worth buying on sale definitely, and if you're into that art style I'd say buy it outright."
76561198172449769,Recommended,219990,29110130,Posted: 8 January,all,No_Choices_Left,"Okay to start this off, you have to understand that I was a die hard Diablo and Diablo 2 fan (I played the latter til it had been out for 10 years).  That being said, I avoided Diablo 3 when I saw they were pretty much bringing WoW devs in to build the game because the original Diablo franchise devs left Blizzard (and bringing in champion skills from Warcraft 3 to slap on Diablo 3 characters, ie, Warcraft champions in some ways wearing Diablo artwork).  Played Torchlight 2 and liked it but... it just got boring to grind after a while, when the classes clearly were designed to only be effective with a few build types, and you couldn't get too creative, or you'd have a level 20 character who literally was not able to hold their own.So now that you see my personal slant, allow me to give a review of Grim Dawn.  So in summary: This game has excellent graphics, music reminiscent of Diablo/Diablo 2 (but better), questing like a RPG (and permanent game affecting decisions that make a significant difference), gear drops (and shops that sell relevant gear!) that scratch that loot itch you can never quite satiate, a real story that isn't just cobbled together quests, and a leveling system that allows for numerous amusing viable combinations.Specifically:  Graphically, I'm not particularly picky I will admit, but the game has a nice rotatable camera and nice fine details because each area is not randomly generated.  The interface is sensical and helpful.Musically, the game reminds me of Divinity: Original Sin as well as the Diablo franchise.  So I actually enjoy the game's muisc and don't tend to listen to something else while playing, even after playing it for 4 hours straight.Quests and story (I'll combine these here):  I'll admit, I am not a big RPG guy.  I primarily on played Fallout 1 and 2 and then I avoided the Zelda franchise, WoW, Final Fantasy franchise, etc, but I actually have found myself saying ""Maybe if RPG's could have this sort of story, I would like them..."" -- this is much to my shock.  This game may have single handedly gotten me to start considering modern RPG's as playable.  Still not sure if I'm happy about that part yet... Regardless, the story doesn't feel like forced odd objectives.< (Spoiler alert)The first order of business in the first town is to defend it, then get the water supply, then the food supply sorted out. Kind of makes sense right?  It progresses from there and doesn't feel like just random nonsense thrown in to lengthen the game.(Spoiler alert over) >Gear drops!  So this is one of the two things that make or break this sort of game in my opinion.  That being said, this game consistently delivers on interesting items dropping, without feeling like you get over powered gear all the time.  In fact, I think the gear drops amazingly consistently as just what you were starting to feel your character should start looking for with the often ""Oh that would go great on my other character!"" item.  And the times where the drops have been disappointing, it seems like the shops have sold decent gear that makes me say ""Who cares what the mobs drop, this merchant must have snuck into their camp and grabbed their best loot!""  Fact of matter, the loot drops and shops in this game rock a solid A++ on this.Character building versatility: So this is the other thing that makes or breaks a game like this.  That being said, I feel like they went and played Diablo 2, Path of Exile, Torchlight 2 and maybe a few other ARPG style games and took the best things from them and smashed them all together to make it so you could build a different character each time and enjoy the thrills of the build working as planned (or sometimse better than imagined).< (Spoiler Alert) My favorite right now if a character that literally lets enemies kill themselves on my character -- a damage retailiation character.  There are several suggested builds out there, and I'm making my own variant... and it is fantastically amusing to play.< (Spoiler Alert Over)>Oh, a final word that should be mentioned... as of now, they added with a patch a new area to the game and are further going to add 2 more classes... without making it a new thing you have to pay for.  That is pretty sweet that the devs are adding quality content this late after launch as a patch to an already awesome game."
76561198075412574,Recommended,219990,29155513,Posted: 9 January,all,Spite Lip,When you think of the dev trouble surrounding this you probably think you should skip it. That would be a mistake. this is one of the best indy RPGs out.
76561198173258059,Recommended,219990,29428631,Posted: 22 January,all,MonStarman,"Pretty solid game. there is room for much more, with some juicy DLC giving more classes and more items and more story. 10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,219990,29431107,Posted: 22 January,all,Mr.Vertikal,"Just play it. i mean... Just play it. Listen to the music, talk too npc's, learn about the world and its sad stories, make some hard choices and find loot.. lots of loot."
76561197964082564,Recommended,219990,29411005,Posted: 21 January,all,Mulley,Great game
76561198004417961,Recommended,219990,29340251,Posted: 18 January,all,Bur0z,"Greate game, feels like diablo a litle bit, i like it alot"
,Recommended,219990,29381404,Posted: 20 January,all,iuhera,Best ARPG game since diablo 2.This is what diablo 3 should've been. This.
76561198334759464,Recommended,219990,29389300,Posted: 20 January,all,prezba29,* * *  Three stars.  Would of been a better if there were cinematics when ineracting with quest and boss figures before battle etc. and more voice overs as well
,Recommended,219990,29382784,Posted: 20 January,all,Elori,"Highly addictive, Grim Dawn > Torchlight > Diablo 3"
76561198158004807,Recommended,219990,29364720,Posted: 19 January,all,Zorinda,"Diablo 2 and Titan Quest had a love child. Its name is Grim Dawn. If you like ""dungeon crawlers"", where the main point is to fight hordes of enemies, collect loot, and level up, then you should enjoy this game. I'm playing a pure Demolitionist character with a flaming shotgun and grenades. At level 52 I finished the Steps of Torment. At level 55 I finished the Bastion of Chaos. At level 57 I made it to the end boss and got hammered. There are lots of side quests to be done to build reputation with factions so you can buy special gear and get recipes/parts to make cool relics. If you play all of the content, you should get at least 70-80 hours out of this game. Buy it and have fun!"
,Recommended,219990,29476654,Posted: 24 January,all,Gorefang,"Grim Dawn is a huge ARPG that is a joy to explore. If you're a fan of Titan Quest and Diablo, then buy this game."
,Recommended,219990,29531449,Posted: 27 January,all,DARQs,Really solid ARPG with core mechanics similar to that of Diablo 2. I've really enjoyed the 3  characters i've played thus far and will definitely sink many more hours into this game
76561197979005090,Recommended,219990,29284465,Posted: 15 January,all,d1a2h3,Good game lots of loot lots of classes and combinations and meaningful talent decisions. But extremely extremely complicated. You get a bunch of skill trees to choose from then a secondary skill tree to make final class. Then a devotion tree which is not linear but instead once unlocking certain full trees you gain gain speciality points which are required to unlock different areas of devotion tree.Then comes stats gear take however many type of resistances you have seen in average game that has resistances then double or triple that. I love the level of detail and choices in this game that being said and coming from the guy that was guilds go to guy managing peoples stats and gear and doing theorycrafting in pretty much every mmo I have been in.But I could see how it would be too much me personally am on the verge myself finding options overwhelming.
,Recommended,219990,29287827,Posted: 15 January,all,Trev Squishybutt,"I love it, way better than diablo 3 because blizzard really dropped the ball on that, but this game is dark and beautiful, fun, affordable, and has hours upon hours of content."
,Recommended,219990,29302877,Posted: 16 January,all,chiefro,Its fun
,Recommended,219990,29329219,Posted: 17 January,all,o.0@Infinity*-*Cat-ality@0.o,It is my favorites hack-n-slash of all time :D definitly a game to buy if you search for great gameplay and story :)
,Recommended,219990,29290161,Posted: 15 January,all,Toasterbagl,"At level 1 the game felt clunky and boring. I died to a cluster of zombies.At level 2, I became a shaman.I am now level 7, and hordes of bees bring me the blood of my enemies, so I may feast on their aether and grow ever stronger.This game, along with path of exile, marvel heroes and Vanhelsing are the great successors of diablo. If diablo 3 left a diablo 2 sized hole in your life, I'd urge you to give this game a try."
76561198002210169,Recommended,219990,29592161,Posted: 30 January,all,RoflBerryPancakes,Great Arpg!
76561198078035751,Recommended,219990,29723010,Posted: 5 February,all,dot654,"(This review concentrates on cons as opposed to pros to keep it short)I would recommend this game as it was value for money, however after 300+ hours I cannot think of anything to do in-game as game has very little aRPG repliability, this is contrary to Diablo series which still offers better aRPG experience.Although it is a single player game developers were very hard at work nerfing stuff, as example you won't be able to complete a successful: reflect build, life-leech build, cooldown reduction build, nearly impossible to create single element only build and probably more that I haven't tried to do. You will quickly see how bottle-necked builds are and revolve around same skills, nowhere near as you would expect it to be.Legendary drop rates are horrible + farming experience is daunting, there is no element of fun (VERY repetetive and unrewarding). Crucible DLC is the same, I wasted 5 GBP in hopes it would change something...1 year on and game still crashes on exit (known issue) and modding is close to non-existent."
76561198014790343,Recommended,219990,29711400,Posted: 4 February,all,suffersome,"I like this game. But in the way that Bs and Cs are passing grades. I have to admit to just finishing and being greatlly disappointed in Diablo III (I played Diablo on release and all the♥♥♥♥♥♥they nerfed in the months of updates made me not much of a fan), but the video on the page made this game look amazing so I had to grab it up. In the end I got a game that basically is an excuse to kill time. Fun time, but just a time killer.The story is lacking in a big way. The interaction with the NPCs is forgettable. It is like the framework of a really good game.And that is it right there. I still recommend it because the game has potential. If they could better balance the boss battles and leveling in the various areas it would be a vast improvement. Fleshing out the dialogue a little more and giving the game a real sense of depth and history would help as well. As is I'm left having fun (which it is a game so goal achieved) with something I think could be much better."
76561197971580755,Recommended,219990,29724121,Posted: 5 February,all,jamesmc,"Definitely my favorite Action RPG on the market, surpassing Diablo III and Path of Exile. It has the gritty feel of Diablo 2 that is missing in so many games but also possesses a very deep combat/protection mechanic system that I think is missing from Diablo III. Leveling, skills, stats, and items are as intricate as PoE while still retaining the classic ARPG feel to me. The learning curve is fairly linear and you never feel quite out of depth, but you do have to learn as you play. If you like ARPG's at all this is worth picking up."
,Recommended,219990,29753600,Posted: 6 February,all,registerzero,"I've played through the campaign 20-25 times trying different class combinations and abilities; I love it. The game is the perfect balance of punishing and forgiving. I played to maximum level (85) with a handful of combinations that found the right balance of recovery, defense and offense, others I abandoned or refactored until I got to maximum difficulty (Ultimate). Despite ~450 hours at the time of writing, there are still skills and builds I will be starting fresh characters to try.The multiplayer model is also very nice (though certain aura-related bugs make multiplayer hardcore a no-go despite several attempted bug fixes)."
76561198129346390,Recommended,219990,31813973,Posted: 17 May,all,Papsmear,Fun Game.
76561197970950402,Recommended,219990,31817802,Posted: 18 May,all,-=Chilii=-,This is an awesome game.
,Recommended,219990,31817876,Posted: 18 May,all,Angry Tom,This game left me feeling depraved enough to put sand in the vaseline. 10/10.
76561198086466970,Recommended,219990,29152996,Posted: 9 January,all,Spicy Grandma,Grim Dawn make my RPG peepee feel good
76561198032747821,Recommended,219990,31833928,Posted: 18 May,all,niabzel,"This game is worth the money. It's entertaining to run through, hack and slash, find gear and riches, interact with the environment, and in-game discovery keeps your interest. Playing different classes keeps the game fun and interesting too."
,Recommended,219990,31834349,Posted: 18 May,all,Osmodias,Diablo I I  - 2
,Recommended,219990,21590985,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Onslaught73,if you like arpgs just get this game! you can't go wrong!the combat feeling is almost as good as in diablo 3.. and grinding gear games could take a lesson from this!beside this...story is ok i guess (i dont care too much)replay value is endless if it comes to character customization.character customization is complex and fun.the game has a dark setting and really deliveres on thatsoundtrack really contributes to the atmosphereit is an awesome game!
76561198025285114,Recommended,219990,31820696,Posted: 18 May,all,blady13,"I have one suggestion to developers: plese implement a clock somewhere as this bloody game is stealing my life.Please also keep up great work, if you need my money for developing the game just ask :)"
76561198096704623,Not Recommended,219990,24813097,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Ixus,"Sadly, I'll have to not recommend this game. I had hours of good play, this game is awesome in every aspetc an ARPG needs... but the fact I need to use wine for emulate it for play in linux is not more tolerable to me. I will change this analysis when they do a native version for linux, them I'll come back to then. I can't use more windows, so I'll play another ARPG who can suport linux properly. Sorry Crate, but that's the only point you are disapointing me. Provide this and i'll recommend it and back to play."
76561198113161663,Recommended,219990,31892323,Posted: 21 May,all,{BtJ}DanBro,Amazing ARPG.
76561198067550470,Recommended,219990,31900926,Posted: 22 May,all,134bsb,AMAZING GAME!!!!
,Recommended,219990,31938700,Posted: 24 May,all,TheMinister,"Probably my favorite ARPG. I've played all 3 Diablo games, Path of Exile, Titan's Quest, and a handful of others, but Grim Dawn is probably the one I've enjoyed the most. The dark, grim, dirty feel to the world, the combinations of classes and abilites that give you the real freedom of building the kind of character you want to play, along with a rich story that gives the entire thing a drive to keep going."
76561197980917584,Recommended,219990,32011678,Posted: 27 May,all,Paging,Fun as♥♥♥♥♥
76561198062514864,Recommended,219990,32022487,Posted: 28 May,all,Supernorry,"I suck at ARPG's I cant build a good character whatsoever but I love this game. Good story, nice graphics and a lot of variation"
76561197970967315,Recommended,219990,32029137,Posted: 28 May,all,FungusApe,ohhhhhhhh the mighty sons of hercules are men as men should be......... they pulled their pants down really low so everyone could see!
76561198026332265,Recommended,219990,31176241,Posted: 16 April,all,wenham,"When I saw that this game was made by people who had been with Iron Lore, I thought I would check it out. Iron Lore created one of my favorite games, Titan Quest. If you liked Titan Quest, you will like this game. It plays just like a Diablo Series/Titan Quest game with a look down view. Mouse driven where you click on the monsters to attack with melee weapons or ranged weapons or spells. It has firearms instead of bows, but still has crossbows.Highly customizable with a multitude of diescoverable relics that can be added to your gear to provide bonuses to your character's damage or defences against monster attacks.There are several classes you can choose to play, and at level 10 you can add a second class to augment your first class. You start off with a large player stash, and a shared stash for all your characters; so a cool sword that your Arcanist does not want can be used the next time you log in with your Soldier.The atmosphere of the game gives it a gritty and almost spooky feeling, especially in the first act. I had to turn down some of the graphical effects just to get a smooth play; but with a newer GPU you will get all the effects for an even more immersive play. All in all, if you are an ARPG fan of Diablo and especially Titan Quest, you will want to check out this game."
,Recommended,219990,28009971,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Owen,"I've managed to put over 700 hours into this game and after not gaming for quite some time and checking out different games, this is the game I'm craving and coming back to. Major pros to this game:- The class combo system is imense, there are so many different ways to combine different classes and modify damage types.- Great combat animation, the effects of spells and skills are awesome.- The armour, weapons and components system is awesome.- Devotion points add another awesome dimension to class customization.- The online and multiplayer is so affective and easy to use and the community is really great.- Did i mention awesome?- Loot system is fabulous.- Story line is suprisingly good!- Just check the other reviews, how many £11 games get very positive after 12,000 reviews?If you are wondering whether or not this game is worth £11, then yes it is 100% worth a lot more than £11.Give it a go if you like this genre. It's well worth a go."
76561198373029839,Recommended,219990,31179451,Posted: 16 April,all,rapguy96,grew up playing diablo 1 2 and 3 poe torchlight and titanquest but this game beats them all it has sooo much replayability it is the kind of game you allways find new things each time very good game
76561198091504338,Recommended,219990,30027906,Posted: 18 February,all,quinllin,"So the game is great. Big thumbs up.But.I had to do several searches in order to get it launch.If you have this same issue, go to your Program Files > Grim Dawn folder (may have to use search function to find it) and then use the GD repair file.Hopefully that will get you going.The game is fantastic."
76561198015630520,Recommended,219990,31167463,Posted: 15 April,all,arnt46,"A funn game,that you can play ower and ower again!Alone ore with a friend:)"
76561198052752264,Recommended,219990,28723060,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,seregon79,"I liked this game very much, played around 500 hours, but now I can*t play it anymore because the start of the game is the end of my system. Have to hardreset it every time I tryed, not even alt+strg+entf does work.The only solution seems to DOWNclock the graphics, c'mon are you kidding me?Everything else I tryed doesen't work.It works fine for 500 hours and now? Two patches after this issue an nothing happens.If I have a chance to play it again, I will upvote this post, because the game itself is great in my opinion.To the game I can say if you liked Diablo 2, Titan Quest, PoE and this type of games, you will love Grim Dawn, it's just great.Edit: Don't know if the last patches or something else let me play this game again. Changed my Review back to positiv. I set the graphics down, an it lags often (with an i7 16gb ram and a GTX970), but i can play again."
76561197991023520,Recommended,219990,30256462,Posted: 1 March,all,Willy Ink,"The best ARPG of all time, Incredible replay value, the price is like a steal!"
76561198024032606,Recommended,219990,30268869,Posted: 1 March,all,Portgas D. Ace,better as D3!love this game.Less Money for a big Game :)
76561198159779056,Recommended,219990,30252912,Posted: 28 February,all,Smilingbatman,"Good game for ARPG gamers out there, worth a try. If you bought diablo 3 and was disappointed, I recommend you to try this one!"
76561198223485016,Recommended,219990,29500658,Posted: 26 January,all,CareBeforeDestruction,Very addictive game!!! Don't buy if you are trying to do work becasue you wont get any done.
76561198033078865,Recommended,219990,29606602,Posted: 31 January,all,Vox,You can make a character and name him Edgar Allan Poe and have a Raven follow you all the time10/10 would Nevermore again
76561197987702082,Recommended,219990,31145350,Posted: 14 April,all,dmurk,I never played ARPGS before this game.
76561197996498934,Recommended,219990,28806930,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sheraiin,"I'm adjusting my review. Not that the original issue was solved, but i found a workaround that made me play the game. And actually beside this annoying issue...the game is Awesome. What i found out is that i got the lag problably due to horrible netcode AND bufferbloat on my wifi accesspoint. i have the issue on Torchlight 2 and this game, but not any other game. Instead of gaming with my wife via Wifi, i connect the pc's with a network cable (auto mdix). Then it works like a charm!So Crate... keep working on the netcode, but i love the game!Original Review>>>>Although i'd love to keep this game i'm refunding it x2. i bought it for me and the misses but we are unable to play this on the LAN or on the internet. The lag is horrible 5 secs... or depending on who's hosting the game one is not able to loot. No... shame, wish i could keep the game, it looked awewome to both of us."
76561197994105655,Recommended,219990,31159906,Posted: 15 April,all,steakman1971,"If you liked Diablo 2, I think you'll like Grim Dawn!  It's a drak action RPG.  I love the skill trees, drops, and variety of monsters."
,Recommended,219990,26940911,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pleopleo,"A lot of people say this game is like how diablo 3 should be, i dont know about that. But it has a lot of things to do, a lot of gear and skills to try different build, really fun game if u like ARPG."
76561198354171595,Recommended,219990,30369829,Posted: 7 March,all,dittlelick,really good game one of the better games i have played since joining steam
76561198139435136,Recommended,219990,30332299,Posted: 5 March,all,Makoy,Give back my damn 157 hours!  11/9
,Recommended,219990,30229021,Posted: 27 February,all,nymm,"48 hours into the game at the moment and there's a lot of classes yet to discover from my end. With Diablo 2 being one of my favorite games of all time, this can honestly stand on it's own next to that."
76561197969060354,Recommended,219990,31204959,Posted: 17 April,all,[PF] Hard2get81,Its fun.
,Recommended,219990,30284966,Posted: 2 March,all,PASTAMANCER,Scratches the itch I had left over from TitanQuest. One of the best loot driven ARPGs I've played with a very dark and engrossing atmosphere.
,Recommended,219990,30285073,Posted: 2 March,all,Lemony,"coming from a big D3 fan, I definitely reccomend this game. This game also has quite a few things that youll find that you wish Diablo had"
,Recommended,219990,30322189,Posted: 4 March,all,Deus Ex Machina,"I ended up with a legendary ghost shield that reflected half damage, a sword that could kill the midgame boss monsters with a single stroke, and a set of armor that let me tank boss aoe.Still manage to get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked because I built my character wrong."
,Recommended,219990,30346983,Posted: 5 March,all,pɹozɐɓǝɯ ʎssnd ʇǝɥɔʇɐɹ,"this game is pretty damn good, i have been craving a nice rpg hack and slash loot etc game for a while now. that craving has been quenched."
76561198055755854,Recommended,219990,31279403,Posted: 21 April,all,Albert Wesker,Solid game with nice Diablo like feeling.Interesting builds and fancy items are interesting enough to make you start with few characters.
,Recommended,219990,31882030,Posted: 21 May,all,NⒶrcos,basically diablo 3 for steam platform 11/10 :D
76561198050936631,Recommended,219990,31964083,Posted: 25 May,all,tylerisherwood,"Where do I start with Grim Dawn? Basically, a game built off the engine of Titan Quest, a fantastic ARPG that came out in 2006, a game that really got me into gaming in the first place. I really have to give Crate credit on making a game based off of an engine that is over 11 years old and making something this good, this fluid and importantly, this entertaining.Grim Dawn sets you into a dystopian Victoria era esqe world where the war of the Aetherials, old gods and demons has seeped into Cairn (your world). You, a taken (formerly possessed by an Aetherial) are tasked, using your new vaunted powers and abilities, of vanquishing these mystical entities from Cairn. On the way, you will meet new factions, make difficult decisions which define your enemies and allies, and, in the process, essentially become a god. Arch nemesis to your opposition and paragon to your allies.Currently you have the choice of choosing a combination of 2 out of six classes to define your build; From a pure mage based Arcanist, the mysterious and dangerous, witchy Occulist, the tanky Soldier,  a sneaky and cunning night blade, the mighty two handed lighting infused Shaman and the pyromaniacal Demolitionist. These classes can combine for weird, wacky, and downright godly possibilities to wreak havoc upon those that would destroy your world.One would do well to remember that this is a quintessential ARPG, much in the realm of Diablo and Titan Quest. Unlike it’s predecessor Titan Quest, you will find that most builds are well balanced for example, mages and ranged are squishy but excellent damage dealers and kiting in combat can be both dangerous and fun. Soldiers are a little more monotonous in their combat, basically point and click, and keep clicking till either you are that gargantuan boss is dead. This style is still satisfactory when you demonstrate your stoicism and prove you are the tougher combatant.The devotion tree that is avalible for allocating points after restoring shrines is insanely detailed and huge and really lets you make your character truely unique, with special bonuses and reistances, it really lets you create a character that is either super tanky, damagey or just insane. I would just reccomend focssuing your points into specific trees to fully reap the benefits.All in all, after over 150 hours of gameplay, tyring out all the classes. This game is a treat and I recommend you buy it if ARPG is your thing. It is especially good when playing multiplayer in a party. I would also recommend the crucible as it is a great way to stress test your builds against some of the toughest bosses and mobs and an amazing way to get sick loot and XP… if you can survive."
76561198005747806,Recommended,219990,31966029,Posted: 25 May,all,Wermelin,"I vote this game top notch. My only worry is waiting for expansions. The arena thingy isnt my thingy, I want more of the world. There is a lot of map unused and I for one have waited a long time for a real expansion"
76561198123633479,Recommended,219990,32002884,Posted: 27 May,all,Jeb!,This is one of the most fun Diablo clones you can play. Great environment and good progression and difficulty. Definitely worth a play and even replays.
76561198105911437,Recommended,219990,32006283,Posted: 27 May,all,gantshades,"I mostly play pvp games like shooters(battlefield) or mobas(smite) but when i want to chill nothing beats a dungeon crawler and this game is awesome. This game has alot of customization, fantasy monsters, bosses and the world is beautiful. I dont play this game all the time but never regreted buying it. Worth the full price"
,Recommended,219990,31995268,Posted: 27 May,all,The Prophecy,"Two thumbs up!  I have played Diablo(s) and POE from this genre.  Though I enjoyed those also, GD has a decent pace and play.  Very fun in co-op as well."
,Recommended,219990,31690356,Posted: 11 May,all,PewPewpePEW,"If you liked diablo, you will probably like this as well."
76561198381489214,Recommended,219990,31691447,Posted: 11 May,all,pehrhorn,"A must have for fans of ARPGs. Has enough complexity/freedom to go crazy on your builds, lots of loot, different monsters, a huge world to explore and challenging boss fights. Highly recommended. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,219990,33094439,Posted: 1 July,all,DancingGavin,"Grim Dawn is an ARPG made by the indie studio Crate Entertainment that contains veterans of the genre. Through the classic isometric view, you embark on a series of quests after being saved from execution. The general flow of the quests is to cleanse the world of the various evil factions, but there are several side quests that offer multiple ways to solve them, not all of them “good” solutions. The main quest was actually really interesting to me, but almost all of the quests, even side quests, have multiple single space paragraphs of back story to frame the quest that it becomes a pain after a while. Not that story is a bad thing, but it really interrupted the flow of the game for me if I stopped to read everything.As for the game itself, there are various difficulties that really change the pace of combat, including a perma-death option. From there give your hero a name, choose their sex, and jump straight into the story. There are six different classes in the games with various abilities to make them unique, but what’s awesome and gives the game a lot of depth is that you choose any two classes to play as at the same time. On top of that, there’s another skill tree called devotion that can branch in several directions depending on how you allocate points in the tree. There’s also varied types of weapons in the game, but since they require so much of a certain stat to equip, you are forced into using certain types.After deciding on how you want to play, the action can finally start. The core of the combat is your typical ARPG with a focus on ability use, health/spirit management (spirit is mana), and fighting varying enemy types. You and enemies have various stats like critical hit chance, armor, and resistances to take into account as well. Bosses, denoted with a star above their heads, have the most robust set of abilities of all the enemies. All of the story bosses are unique and even random bosses are unique but have a random modifier like able to quickly regenerate health or slow you. You’ll see a lot of the same cannon fodder enemies over and over again too, but it didn’t bother me. Two last but important features are that if you die, your character loses experience but no money or items, and all skill investments can be refunded for a small amount of in-game currency.As you progress through the story you will quickly gain loot from bosses, chests, or random drops from cannon fodder, and I mean a lot of loot. Enemies drop a ton of lower quality gear that you can ignore or pick-up and sell. I dislike constantly traveling back to merchants so I used the game’s handy loot filter option to only display loot of magical rarity and up. For those that choose to pick up every last piece of loot you’re in luck though, because in almost every location you can instantly drop a portal to teleport back to town.As I mentioned, there are different types of loot rarity ranking from lowest to highest: common, magical, rare, epic, and legendary. Magical and up have random stats which are better the higher the quality. Some items even give you new abilities when equipped or can buff ones you may already have. In addition, there are item sets that require so many pieces of the set to be equipped to receive even more stats.Other loot you can find is gear augments. Each augment has its own stats and can be attached to various pieces of gear. If you collect enough of the same type of augment, you can combine them so the buff they give gear is even higher.  Higher level augments also can give new player abilities and extremely helpful in combat.Crafting also makes an appearance in Grim Dawn and although I’m not particularly fond of it, it is a pretty well thought out system. Recipes can be found as random drops or bought from factions. Crafting reagents are a semi-common drop and many of the recipes make use of augments as well. What makes me dislike the crafting is that many of the stats on the gear you craft is random so you can make dozens of pieces of gear but get none of stats you need. Granted that loot drops are exactly the same, but I find killing enemies for the gear a hell of a lot more enjoyable than praying to RNGesus that my crafted gear comes out perfect.As I mentioned, there are factions and they come in two varieties, good or evil. Both have reputation that you must earn to unlock various rewards and benefits. Good factions are the survivors in the world that you can help in your travels and usually earn reputation for doing so. Their rewards are new quests, dungeons, and access to shops unique to each faction and can sell powerful set gear. Evil factions are comprised of all the bosses and cannon fodder you will destroy out in the world. Reputation gains are simply gained by killing more of that particular faction. The rewards for their hate of you is increased spawns of cannon fodder and bosses and finally nemesis spawns which are extremely tough and rare bosses.Everything I’ve already talked about is from a single-player aspect of the game. If you get tired of venturing alone, you can jump into multi-player with up to three other players. In terms of settings, everything is based on the host, from difficulty to whether loot is shared or individual. Games can be public or private, and sadly most of the games are private so the multiplayer population is a bit low. Don’t let that ruin the experience for you though. There’s a lot of fun to be had just seeing what playstyle others use and seeing how much damage your group can do.My Two CentsAt this point I think its self-explanatory that there is a good amount of replay in the game. With all the different class combinations and skills there’s a ton of ways to play the game. At the end of the day though you are still playing through the same zones, enemies, and quests. That honestly can’t be avoided and if you enjoy playing your character, then what does it matter. With my time put into the game I didn’t even reach the end-game but that says something for itself too. Grim Dawn straight out says it’s an ARPG and it fulfills everything you would expect of it. Not only that but it does the job damn well. There’s so many different ways to play the game and has a built-in skill point refund system that it makes me wonder why this isn’t in every RPG. There’s nothing worse than a misclick or picking a skill you don’t like, and since there’s no skill refund, you’re just stuck with something you don’t like. The graphics aren’t the greatest in the world and the voice acting can be laughable at times, but those aren’t a huge deal to me and are really the only negatives to the game. There’s a lot of lore and story you can get sucked into or you can skip reading it all and get back to the action. Summing all of that up into one game makes it well worth your time and money if you’re an ARPG fan or even new to the genre."
,Recommended,219990,33061038,Posted: 30 June,all,guig0,good game
,Recommended,219990,33069868,Posted: 30 June,all,cerious,It's basically an upgraded and more fun Titan Quest.
76561198030174016,Recommended,219990,33082978,Posted: 1 July,all,Helghast Agent,"It's like Diablo 2. It's a pretty good Dungeon Crawler. If you like Dungeon Crawler's and have year's of Diablo experience you will like most of this game.Let me start off by defining what they meant by ""Dual Classes"". there are 6 classes in the game, when you gain your first level up you pick one of the 6 classes, i picked demolitions, then when you reach level 10 you pick one other of the 5 classes left, i picked occultist, my class then became Pyromancer, a combination of 2 classes becomes an entirely different class. On a secondary character i chose Arcanist & then Occultist & became a Warlock.The game has different names for most things you would notice in similar titles.It's not very long though, in as little as 36 Hours i reached Level 52/85 and beat the game once. I played a character that was essentially a glass cannon and died about 15 times. I explored 90% of the game.I would give this game a 7.0 out of 10.0.It lacks content and seems a bit lazy or underhanded on some resources like sound effect's, music and storyline.I'm going to keep playing it to tryout several things.#1 i would like to try the next difficulty on my main character.#2 i would like to try out builds for multiple characters.#3 i want to try and co-op it.That's about all there is to say about this game."
76561198008059823,Recommended,219990,32941617,Posted: 28 June,all,Eldarian,"I very much enjoy this action rpg. I think the strongest point is the huge flexibility in creating your character and the many viable ways to build one both for single player and a multiplayer party. Another great thing is the world building and story that is an enjoyable mix of post-apocalyptic and dark, gritty steam punk and high fantasty.Pros:- Huge variability in VIABLE skills and items gives amazing replayability- Fun to try to optimize between skills, classes, items and ""devotions"" (which are basically another skillset outside the two classes skills you can use for a character) because there are so many options.- There are a lot of good options for skills, but few perfectly matching ones which makes it more fun to build a character since there is not one obviously best cookie cutter way to design your character of a certain class.- Pretty in its dark, gritty wayCons:- It's an action rpg. Don't expect a tremendeously deep story with many relevant story choices."
76561198148533597,Recommended,219990,32947510,Posted: 28 June,all,petewolfwinn,"If you like Diablo style gameplay, this game is for you.  I bought it on sale and would have paid twice this amount gladly."
,Recommended,219990,32955095,Posted: 28 June,all,Aponos,Best Action RPG i have ever played!Kudos to the devs and i cant wait for the upcoming expansion!
76561198055366808,Recommended,219990,32955952,Posted: 28 June,all,{TBW} vat173,one of the best arpgs iv played
,Recommended,219990,32994886,Posted: 29 June,all,cLue*,Really solid game.  Better atmosphere then D-3 and POE and similar polish.
76561197977234705,Recommended,219990,32983463,Posted: 29 June,all,Pollon,Similar to Diablo 3. Worth the £10.00
76561198016364940,Recommended,219990,33004249,Posted: 29 June,all,a.r.c.trooper,"Decent game, but much slower and less balanced than Diablo III. Even on veteran difficulty from the get-go, there's little that poses any threat at all to your character for the first few hours of the game.Worth a go if you like this game-type, but I wouldn't recommend it at full-price."
76561198052500210,Recommended,219990,33112661,Posted: 1 July,all,Croknight,"This game is exactly what the average Diablo II: LoD fan wanted from Diablo III. And there's even a mod to play as the Diablo III classes. I have both but I stopped playing my Diablo III demon hunter completely when i found that mod. On a side note, its nice to see a good hack and slash game where hardcore can actually kill you without using unfair/silly mechanics, so the game succeeds on something I don't really expect out of modern games."
76561198196595390,Recommended,219990,33177891,Posted: 3 July,all,Imzda_N00b!!1,"Epic and fun game , a must have ! :D"
,Recommended,219990,33179498,Posted: 3 July,all,Orsome,Nice ARPG. A lot of content and some end game stuff that's fun. Worth a nudge.
76561198029218714,Recommended,219990,33175220,Posted: 3 July,all,Dragovious,A great ARPG and a good alternative to POE and D3.
76561197982939234,Recommended,219990,33049634,Posted: 30 June,all,Junichiro,"If you loved Titan Quest, you will pobably love this one too."
,Recommended,219990,33064549,Posted: 30 June,all,Robo,Missing the polish and quality of life of Diablo 3. But a good experience overall.
76561198031368146,Recommended,219990,33072975,Posted: 1 July,all,miljkovic,best ARPG ever ! :)
,Recommended,219990,33158265,Posted: 2 July,all,NasiPuti,"It's a proper aRPG that stays true to the old soul of 2000s aRPGs such as Diablo 2, Titan Quest etc.The only downside is the graphics engine does feel a little dated so."
,Recommended,219990,33193389,Posted: 3 July,all,Flagelus,"If you like Titan Quest , Diablo 2, Path of Exile, and ARPG in general, thats a game for u fam"
,Recommended,219990,33687276,Posted: 20 July,all,Vivisector,"Great game.  Plays much like Diablo, Van Helsing, Torchlight, and especially Titan Quest (Which shares the same engine or extremely similar one anyways).  Run around, kill 10's of thousands of monsters and and complete quests to help save the last remaining humans surviving after the ""Grim Dawn"".A fairly decent story.  I really liked the fact you gained alot of XP by collecting letters of lore, and opening them to read.  My only real complaint about the game, well probably more like the genre in general.   Alot of the story doesn't make much sense.  There you are, a lone hero walking into a small village.  They say, please save us, there are giant bugs killing all of our farmers, and killing our guards and military as well.  We will all perish unless something can be done.  No problem I tell them, I go clear out all the creatures in the farmland.  Praise I expect.  Nope, then I am asked to go into the dungeon and fight the much larger guard creatures and to top it off, kill the Queen, so they can no longer reproduce.  That way the villiage would be safe for a good long time.  Ok, off I go, kill the Queen and save the village.  Then I go to the Bounty Board to see if there are any quests I can take to earn some money.  Nope, I am told I am not popular enough with the townsfolk yet, that they won't even offer me a deal on  equipment until I get a bit better known.  Lol.  Save yourself next time I think to myself.If you can handle that.  Then definately go out and get this game now!!!"
,Recommended,219990,20757571,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,One Annoying Hotdog,Best ARPG this gen. Expansion is set to cement this.
,Recommended,219990,33632460,Posted: 18 July,all,Moonface,"Everyone recommends Path of Exile for those that were disappointed by Diablo III (honestly who wasn't?), for me personally PoE just wasn't good. That being said Grim Dawn should be the game for those still looking for a good ARPG; massive map with a good amount of content (both main quests and side quests) and a really good skill tree.There's a total of 6 classes in the game each having a decent skill tree, but the cherry on top is that as you progress you get to choose 2 of 6 classes. So essentially you get to build your character via 2 skill trees and it doesn't end there, there's also the Devotion passive skill system which is massive. Earning Devotion points is done via shrines and not as you level, making the grind more enjoyable. Points have to be allocated to your characters attributes  such as strength, intelligence etc as well.From what I have experienced so far, the world map is pretty big with a ton of quests. Yuu get your usual main quests with side quests as well as bounties. Similar to Torchlight II that has a ""fame"" system Grim Dawn has a system where your standing with a particular town or group of people determines if you are eligible to do bounties for that particular town and also allows access to rare items via a NPC in the town.Overall, I Grim Dawn has a great level up system concerning skills and attributes, good amount of content in regards to quests and bounties. If you love ARPG games and the grind that comes with them, Grim Dawn is a good consideration."
,Recommended,219990,33635341,Posted: 18 July,all,biikuchan,Really enjoy the graphics and the story line.
76561198008058476,Recommended,219990,33622851,Posted: 17 July,all,CaptainCDog,If you enjoy hack and slash games. Grim Dawn is a must have.
76561198079883448,Recommended,219990,33562512,Posted: 15 July,all,kyro,"""This is like PoE but not MMO""For some reason, I seem to have went on with life not knowing the existence of this game...  I'm glad I found this during the steam summer sale 2017.it's been a while since i've enjoyed playing an ARPG, I've clocked 36 hours into it and i'm still on my first character.it seems to have A LOT of possible builds and skills, and allows dual classing.Cherry on top, from my reading of the GD forums, the devs seem to be really cool decent people. How can I not recommend this game after reading those accounts?game play 5/5replaybility 5/5graphics 4/5audio 4/5"
76561197993797431,Recommended,219990,13765725,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Lars,Just amazingly good buy it asap
,Recommended,219990,28261916,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Ghost45,"I can't remember how much I paid for it, but it was worth every penny."
76561198091464927,Recommended,219990,33718473,Posted: 22 July,all,Palaoubros,This is one of the most enjoyable games i've ever played.Great compat system lots of weapon and a skill tree that never ends!!!I'm playing this game with a friend and that makes the game even more enjoyable!!!I recommend it for sure!!!
76561197971598194,Recommended,219990,33056486,Posted: 30 June,all,Fallenangel700,"Grim Dawn is the spiritual successor of Titan Quest, both of which are similar to Diablo. Personally, I think it's way better than Diablo and I like Diablo a fair bit.>There's far more depth to making your character. You can choose two out of six classes and mix and match the skills from them. There are shrines hidden throughout the world that, when restored, give you points to put into constellations that give you bonus stats and abilities. There are components you get in loot that you can put on your gear to get even more stats and abilities. Then there's augments that you can put on your gear to get EVEN MORE stats.>Tons of secret areas of various sizes. Most are just a hidden chest or something, while others are entire areas with bosses and lots of loot.>Side quests with various outcomes that depend on your choices. Some result in bosses later, or new merchants, or diffrent rewards.>Secret side quests. Shhhhh... It's a secret...>Optional dungeons that open once per session so if you die that's it for that session. You have to exit the game and reload and spend another key to open the dungeon again. Lots of good loot with the thrill of semi-perma-death.>A faction system that lets you unlock cool gear, new quests and areas, and fight new enemies.>The main story is a little weak, but the side quests and backstory of the game is amazing.Plus Grim Dawn is getting a expansion some time this year with 2 more classes (A Necromancer and an Inquisitor) and a bunch of new areas with story."
76561198238799976,Recommended,219990,33081205,Posted: 1 July,all,jboord44,"Great Diablo-Style ARPG. The world is fun to explore. The combat is perfectly serviceable. My only gripe is with the items and weapons; I rarely changed out weapons for new and better ones. It became difficult to feel like I could find a truly great weapon. But aside from that the story is good, gameplay is good.Very much recommend"
76561198140205903,Recommended,219990,34439431,Posted: 23 August,all,SheN,"It's fun playing it solo. It's unreasonable fun play it with your friends. No friends? It's ok, just play it online and you will find one."
,Recommended,219990,27991277,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,HitMe!,"+ Deep skill trees; you will want to research outside of the game. Lots of replayability if you want to roll a different class. Satisfying crafting, loot, and augmentation system. The lore and side stories are all very good. Good Dev support with both free updates, reasonably priced paid DLC, and a nice community. Read the online manual before you start playing.- Co-op can be frustrating until you learn to select a party leader and let them both host and lead. You will need to play catchup with the lore and quest info, since you are not able to hear and see what the leader is doing. Be polite and let the party leader make decisions as some will affect the story. If you and your party communicate, all will be fine."
,Recommended,219990,34075672,Posted: 6 August,all,pale rabbit,chetko
76561198120127151,Recommended,219990,34076843,Posted: 7 August,all,Beardyman,"This is a great game, really really like it, the game is very interesting, the details are amazing, the world view is fascinating, after dungeon siege series I couldn't find a game interesting enough, but this is it, its got everything I need to have fun, some things would be great to change like slow leveling and same bounty quests and on every start of the game I need to do everything again, turn on spells and pets it would be simpler to just restart the way I died but the point is not to die so its kind of a punishment, little things, anyway great game and I hope you will make a sequel, keep up the good work"
,Recommended,219990,34011341,Posted: 4 August,all,Peter Porker,"I freaking love this game, the best ARPG I have played.The character building is so addictive for me.Nothing I can say that hasnt already been said, so...Just buy this game, sit back and relax."
,Recommended,219990,15590739,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Corrosion,Fun but a bit repetitive.
76561198140039543,Recommended,219990,33111605,Posted: 1 July,all,That Blind Person,"If you got friends to play with get it and have some fun, if you don't wait for a sale.Most people would get properly triggered if you compared GD to D3, but with games like these if you don't compare against the best than your comparing against the wrong thing. That being said this game is not D3, it's not even D2, though it very clearly utilizes elements from both, so if you like those games you will more than likely enjoy playing this.If you're getting this game to itch a scratch D3 gave to you, don't, this game is not D3, and I doubt it will ever get on D3's ""Level""As someone who has put a very large amount of time into D3 and PoE, if I were to Compare GD to D3 and PoE for you, it would look like this;-Summoner Friendly?D3 - YesPoe - YesGD - No-Glass Cannon Friendly?D3 - YesPoE - YesGD - No-Skill Friendly?D3 - YesPoE - Yes (of course)GD - NoReset Friendly?D3 - No NeedPoE - YesGD - NoFriend Friendly?D3 - YesPoE - YesGD - BYO (bring your own)It is by no means a bad game....Just don't expect D3 and PoE levels of awesomeness and complexity from it and you will get along just fine with GD."
76561198091301336,Recommended,219990,34068094,Posted: 6 August,all,jyoungcreations,"I really enjoyed this game, but (because of the way the story seems to be laid out) ultimately it will be judged by how it does a whole package with sequels etc.The game's class building system really does let you build anything you want. I've played with a straight up sword and board and a fire-mage who slings around with a pistol in each hand.It's not a bad title. I got a good 56 hours out of it and I'm probably not quite done with it. If there's a sequel released I'll buy it. Mostly so I can see how the story ends."
76561197971458919,Recommended,219990,34027402,Posted: 4 August,all,Karn,"Great RPG, loved almost everything about it.PROS-Challenging enemies-Useful skill tree and classes-Diverse loot-Variation in contentCONS-Too grindyProbably won't buy the expansion if the loot system remains the same, as it's my only real gripe with this game.Not that I mind grinding for gear, but hell when you're lvl 85 and most of your gear is still 30-60, somethings wrong.It works if you're making multiple characters, but not if you're just playing with 1 and have to spend hundreds of hours trying to find the right gear for your build. Specially in Ultimate when gear quality is extremely important.Prefered the more predictable loot system from Titan Quest, since it made it eaiser to farm for that perfectly spec'd gear for your build."
76561198085601796,Recommended,219990,34030038,Posted: 4 August,all,sirwowin,"played with 4 other players, all loved it."
76561197984282851,Recommended,219990,34133915,Posted: 9 August,all,glssr60,Great game.  Almost endless combinations for builds.
76561198046775556,Recommended,219990,32697395,Posted: 23 June,all,saber138,One of the Best ARPGs ever made.
76561198007163790,Recommended,219990,34135492,Posted: 9 August,all,WIDOWMAKER,"If you like(d) Diablo 3 and Titan Quest (& Immortal Throne) then you'll like Grim Dawn. The similarity between TQ, D3 and GD is uncanny BUT with that being said, it's good! It's a different them than what you've seen in Diablo and Titan Quest so there's a no look with this game when you're playing. That's a plus!Just like Titan Quest, you can choose 2 classes to play as, so you can mix and match any 2 you'd like to create a build to your liking. The combat & skill tree is the same as TQ, you're able to transfer items between characters like you can in D3 as well as playing harcore.I recommend picking this up if you're a fan of the above named games and dungeon crawlers even if you haven't played the other 2 games. Grimm Dawn is a good stand alone game."
,Recommended,219990,34323837,Posted: 18 August,all,Blueshift,Amazing loot game. Itemization is near perfection with only a few aspects of the game I didnt like ( I hate aether clouds and dot areas ).A must have. Especially true if you loved Titan Quest.
76561198313127876,Recommended,219990,34364246,Posted: 19 August,all,Chevovader,"Missing that old ARPG feeling,  wait no more Grim Dawn is here,  tho is not that frequently update it,  the Debs still work on it, and teh Joy in brings when you kill that one boss,  cannot get any better =3,  i will keep buying the DCLs ( i hope they add some Costemtic features )"
76561198310853376,Recommended,219990,33941120,Posted: 31 July,all,taylorj4437,"Not much to say other than get the game, it is very good"
,Recommended,219990,33974977,Posted: 2 August,all,PennyWise,tight ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198014164479,Recommended,219990,33964123,Posted: 1 August,all,ermitaum,This is like Titan Quest on steroids!
76561198007617854,Recommended,219990,33980998,Posted: 2 August,all,rkwhite,"Excellent Game, lots of hack and slash, guns are fun also."
76561198074471819,Recommended,219990,34170666,Posted: 11 August,all,Beowulf022,"I see you gather before me... hungry... terrified... Clutching your babes to your breast.Emperor Emhyr has marched his legions into our lands... Laid siege to every fortress from here to the Blue Mountains.. Rabid and ravenous, he bites and bites away.Men of the north, you stand at the precipice! Your kings have failed you, so now you turn to the gods! And yet you do not plead? You do not kneel to dust your heads with ash? Instead you wail, ""Why have the gods forsaken us?""We must look into the trials we failed long ago!In a time past, our world intertwined with another through an upheaval scholars call the Conjunction of the Spheres...The gods allowed unholy forces to slip into our domains. The offspring of that cataclysm was the nefarious force called magic...Yet we did not banish it, instead studying the vile arcane for our own power and wealth! And the monsters at our door... the unholy relics of this Conjunction?...the trolls... the corpse eaters... the werewolves? Did we raise our swords against them? Or have we laid this burden on others?On so-called Witchers... Stray children taught the ways of foul sorcery, their bodies mutated through blasphemous ritual. Sent to fight monsters they could not distinguish good from evil. The flicker of humanity long extinguished within them.Yes, their numbers have dwindled throughout the years. But still few roam our lands, offering their bloody work for coin. To this day they shame us with their very existence!The north bleeds, flogged by war! The battles are the gods' whip, chastisement for our sins!And let us not forget the terrors, the scourges from beyond our world! The Wild Hunt rules the skies with every full moon! The dark raiders abduct our children into lands unknown! Some say they herald a second Conjunction!Can we chart a course back into the light? Will we find the strength to banish the mages from our kingdoms? Unite around the warmth of the Eternal Fire?Nigh is the Time of the Sword and Axe! None will fight this war in our stead! Nigh is the Time of Madness and Disdain!"
76561198238510718,Recommended,219990,34179254,Posted: 11 August,all,Zibraa,"With 100+ hours in this game i feel like i can write an honest review. This game crushes diablo 3. The leveling sytem is fair and steady, while grinding is made worth it with all the gear and xp you receive. One must always keep in mind how they are  leveling and progressing their character and its skills. A new player almost has to rely on the forums and guides but after your first build you begin to fully grasp and understand the game mechanics. I can not wait for the DLC to come out and highly reccomend you buy the crucible dlc as to it is the best place to farm for legendarys in my opinion."
76561198057583080,Recommended,219990,34140356,Posted: 9 August,all,Gen,Way better than D3 thats for ♥♥♥♥ing sure
76561197964462944,Recommended,219990,34172067,Posted: 11 August,all,perKi,This is a really good aRPG/hacknslash.Absolutely recommended for fans of the genre!Tip for a fun starting build; Dual-wielding pistols.
,Recommended,219990,34228773,Posted: 13 August,all,Furbz,"I love this game. Amazing game in almost every sense. The story, gameplay, quests, skills, items... I enjoyed it all. The only thing I do not like are the graphics. I do like the dark theme, even if it's used a lot, but something just doesnt sit right with me about the graphics. I have maxed them out as well.Care about graphics: 8/10Dont care about graphics: 10/10"
76561197988441268,Recommended,219990,21993270,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,domic,"It's like the devs got so sick of Torchlight's cartoony thing that they removed pink from this game's color palette. Permanently. The result is cartoonishly grim. Aesthetically, it's not to my taste. The gameplay is great ( full marks ), but your character will always look like he's wearing a collection of garbage scraps. Picking a female protagonist mitigates the garbage tree look, as lady garbage armour is more svelte.Grimness might be ""The Point"", but it's not a very good point.Other than that, this is the best updated Diablo II version out there.Really.Truly."
,Recommended,219990,34245235,Posted: 14 August,all,ElBarbe,"Grim Dawn is a fun game, but has it's flaws.It gets repetitive quite quickly.You are fighting hordes of the same enemies and even bosses are often the same.The story line didn't get me an the quests are just simply ""bash everyone up"" and you finish the quest as you go, just kill everything.Leveling up your character is fun, with the diffirent classes, but as quick as you go in the beginning, so slow do you develop new skills. You just keep leveling your old skills.What I also missed was some change in your appearance every now and then. When you reach a certain level (25+) you get stuck to your lay-out in inventory and don't need to change it much.I'd recommend the game to everyone who likes the genre. (bash/slash/loot)But not the end fight, big spoiler here, but it's just a big MWEH."
,Recommended,219990,34246205,Posted: 14 August,all,Red,"Grim Dawn doesn't break the mould when it comes to ARPG's but, damn, does it pour gasoline on that ♥♥♥♥ing mould and light it on fire and then uses the flaming mould to set countless Ch'thonian horrors alight.What I'm trying to say is that this is a must buy game, and although it's nothing new in terms of mechanics it makes up for that with the setting, story, and sheer amount of character customization.If I had one criticism about the game then it would be the lackluster ending. It almost feels like a real ending was cut from the game for some reason.But other than that I'd say the game is worth the current price and will easily offer you 25+ hours of entertainment in your first playthrough alone."
,Recommended,219990,30285057,Posted: 2 March,all,Neuromonada,This game is more Diablo 3 than Diablo 3.
76561198078123585,Recommended,219990,34265416,Posted: 15 August,all,lifetap9,fun
76561197994890685,Recommended,219990,34259909,Posted: 15 August,all,kapharnaeum,"Very good game. The mechanics are well thought. simply put, the game is simple and powerful.Every character can be played multiple ways, so stop following guides online and learn to play your character as you see fit. You can mix classes and respend your skill points. THe constellation system is also a nice add, without being too much, too big like path of exile where you spend so much time reading and making calculation...Overall it's what Diablo 3 should have been.Downside for me is the story. They built a nice world with big lore potential (gods, aetherials, chtonic...), but the note system makes it that I never read the lore and I really feel like the story just ended quite fast without any conclusion, leaving many holes and potential follow up."
76561197989663747,Recommended,219990,35074973,Posted: 19 September,all,Xaalen,"I recommend this game to anyone who will listen. Be prepared to do a ton of reading because this game will assault you with information via text. It can be intimidating but if you take the time to dive deeply into it, it's one of the most rewarding gaming experiences out there.My recommendation is don't worry about looking up builds and such, just try to come up with your own and you will feel all the more attached to the character you have created. Maybe it won't be optimal but it will be yours. I've been trying to figure out how to make a Battlemage using Cadence with the elemental damage modifier work for like a year and I still haven't given up :D"
76561198079014835,Recommended,219990,35058991,Posted: 18 September,all,windsound,Really can take time to play and every class has its own unique things to play around! So much fun :)
76561198189617449,Recommended,219990,33692914,Posted: 21 July,all,TruebornJester,This game is great.Purchased when half price and glad i did. But would definately pay full price now that i know how fun it is.  I havent played much of it so story wise cant say much.  But the gameplay is nicely done and easy to get hacking and slashing without much fuss. The leveling system has a slight learning curve that took me a while to get my head around. Read some guides and now have a solid idea where im going with my character build.
76561198037345074,Recommended,219990,35081159,Posted: 20 September,all,Hynnyel,"Wonderfull game. Quests, history, skill, itens. This game has everything a fan of action like rpgs and dark fantasy lovers need."
76561198030125794,Recommended,219990,35229521,Posted: 26 September,all,Str8off187,"What D3 should have been...:) I'm prod to support such a awesome game. I've already got several frineds playing it, and recomend it to anyone who will listen. If your on the fence..BUY IT..!!!"
76561198126219888,Recommended,219990,35224553,Posted: 26 September,all,ace2be4u,It's fun
76561198009063046,Recommended,219990,35224151,Posted: 26 September,all,Cucknadian,Basically what I wanted D3 to be.
76561198072582817,Recommended,219990,35223685,Posted: 26 September,all,Nishidate Kitsune,"This is so much more improved over Titan Quest! The devs have seriously put their experience with TQ into GD, bringing forward what was good and fixing what contributed to horrible UX previously.- The shortcut for skills have been fixed and no longer require another click after hitting the shortcut button, which to me is the most important fix. The shortcut for targetted skills in TQ was seriously horrible and frustrating to use.- Auto-pickup means auto this time. Back in TQ you still need to hit 'A' to ""auto"" pickup common items like gold, pots, relics and charms, but in GD pots and iron bits (which serve as the medium of exchange) are really picked up automatically as you walk over them.- Character progression is a whole lot faster and better than TQ, which takes a helluva long time for you to level up. In GD it's much faster, giving you the skill points you seriously need to up your favourite skills and mastery levels fast. Also, the ability points give you serious +8 instead of a lousy +4 in TQ, which is a vast improvement as it makes it easier for you to increase the ability scores so that you can use the equipment you're aiming for.- Much improved UI, inventory and storage space. A small button allows you to auto-complete charm shards so you no longer need to do the tedious job yourself.- ""Items refreshes"" during shopping are visible so you know when to browse items again.Won't go into new features here though. Get the game and check them out."
,Recommended,219990,31761414,Posted: 14 May,all,Corb,"3.2k hours played, Ashes of Malmouth expansion just around the corner, looks like I'll be playing some more, just can't get enough, best ARPG since D2. Period."
,Recommended,219990,35025393,Posted: 17 September,all,Mike Green,I can't get a stable FPS in this game with an i7 7700 and a 1070.Edit: 9/25/17 - Tried again and things are much smoother now. It looks like there was a performance update according to patch notes. Perhaps drivers and optimization resolved.So far this game is pretty cool. Looking forward to more game time.
76561198028935086,Recommended,219990,35213541,Posted: 25 September,all,IamZardoz,"This is an excellent game and I recommend buying it. It is very similar to Diablo/Gauntlet with an overhead view and Action/RPG elements. It has a very good single player campaign. I've been playing for a few days now and still have quite a bit of game left if the map is any indicator. Seriously, buy this game!"
,Recommended,219990,35215365,Posted: 25 September,all,Ipin,:D
76561198017425718,Recommended,219990,34749271,Posted: 4 September,all,Sluggeto,"I am enjoying this game, it rewards exploration and being bold... but it can also punish those who neglect defence and the abilty to withstand various types attacks, you have been warned."
76561197970483901,Recommended,219990,34788414,Posted: 6 September,all,Bellicose,Love it.
76561198031486341,Recommended,219990,34753819,Posted: 5 September,all,Hugwolf,Digno sucesor de titan quest 8/10
76561197970284295,Recommended,219990,35152414,Posted: 23 September,all,mervynmousey,I have played this game from the begining. Wow  it only gets better as time goes on. Good for a few hours of fun. Easy to get into and play
,Recommended,219990,35142417,Posted: 22 September,all,zerofynite,Maps are massive. Secrets exist. Crafting is deep. It's a slow start but gets pretty fun level 50+ playing elite difficulty. Great co-op game. You will need to actually read the quest text to figure stuff out the odd time.
,Recommended,219990,28563741,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,PhantomSoldier,"the best ARPG i have ever played hands down, buy this game and support the devs they give us free dlc and gave us the most epic game i have ever played. I can see myself putting a thousand hours into this easily, you can combine two classes for unlimited replayability and also they implemented ragdoll physics i love casting spells or making the vile beasts taste cold steel and watching them fly like bowling pins! 100/10"
,Recommended,219990,35189748,Posted: 24 September,all,Will,"Grim Dawn, from veteran Titan Quest developers Crate Entertainment, is my favorite ARPG hands down, bar-none out of the modern crop of the genre.Boons:Well thought out, mechanically robust, an interesting setting, tremendous build variety, well polished audio cues and foley, excellent music, a uniform design aesthetic throughout, moddable, and fun ARPG gameplay!My gripes are few and admittedly nit-picky:-The story (while a hell of a lot better than Diablo 3) is a sedate affair and rather underplayed with characters that aren't given solid opportunities to connect with the player outside of Act I (Barnabas is probably my favorite character); this, in my opinion, is normal for the genre at large. Story takes a back seat to gameplay and mechanics in ARPGs more often than not.-Basic character customization (skin, hair, etc) is lacking entirely, but again, this is typical for the genre at large (a silly precedent to hold to in this day and age). At least you can pick a masculine or female presenting avatar. Note there is solid variety in equipment and attire (what with it being an ARPG and all), and the upcoming Expansion will introduce a WoW-like transmog system through a new Illusionist NPC merchant. So marks there.-Minimal map variation. Unlike many ARPGs, Grim Dawn does not procedurally generate its maps. On the one hand, this lets the devs really flesh out the world with unique geography, landmarks, and detailing. On the other hand, subsequent playthroughs on other difficulties can get same-y. To mix things up, the maps do contain randomized obstacles to make you check other routes through the terrain.In summation, I highly recommend Grim Dawn to ARPG fans. Even it's worst features are merely average for the genre, and the things it does well, it does brilliantly."
76561197968952647,Recommended,219990,35193539,Posted: 24 September,all,Fury,"This is one of the best games of its genre to come out in years. There are small flaws and bugs as can be found in almost any game. Negative reviews are mostly because people have trash computers that can't run it; those reviews are not reflective of the game itself but of garbage hardware.If you liked Diablo 1, 2, TItan Quest and Titan Quest : Immortal Throne this is the game for you. Period."
,Recommended,219990,35383655,Posted: 1 October,all,BabiTerbang,"Over 100+ hours into the game. One thing I can say, Its something Diablo 3 failed to become and its what Path Of Exile could have been. 10/10 would buy again in my next life time."
,Recommended,219990,35403419,Posted: 1 October,all,Ryno,"Absolutely amazing.So many different things to do and so many locations to explore! Great quests, good story, and awesome loot!"
76561198048073714,Recommended,219990,35398833,Posted: 1 October,all,StarWolf,"Awesome game worth picking up if your bored or loved d2. Only real draw back is that the servers to connect to other players is no good, as there are no other players.Great game to play and the replay value is worth it. 68hs and I wish there was more content it would be more than that haha."
76561198217763480,Recommended,219990,35470407,Posted: 4 October,all,MihaiNiky4,Best ARPG ever !!!
,Recommended,219990,35462077,Posted: 3 October,all,Darthfluenza,Pretty fun game. Definately more depth than D3 which can only be a plus.
76561198073197235,Recommended,219990,35486530,Posted: 4 October,all,pgutowsk,One of the best hack and slash games I ever played
76561198181772131,Recommended,219990,35424635,Posted: 2 October,all,Vile,Best ARPG I've played yet!
76561197971225451,Recommended,219990,35476700,Posted: 4 October,all,Desmend the Moonbear,Really nice Action ARPG
76561198097396912,Recommended,219990,35498454,Posted: 5 October,all,Sultan,"I had real good fun playing this game with my brother and cousin.Boss fights and the elites were really good.we spent hours trying new builds.Hunting for better loot was so rewarding.With Mods ,the game become so much more absorbing.I wish they would make arpgs as good as this one.I highly recommend this game for anybody who is into playing games like Diablo or torchlight"
76561198045270479,Recommended,219990,32515494,Posted: 17 June,all,Mr.Nightmare241,"So with the exspantion coming to this game latter this year i figured i would finnally get around to reviewing Grim dawn. So if diablo 3 was disappointing because it wasn't like diablo 2 or you like torchlightbut but want somethin darker and has gore,Well this is that game. My one coplant is that the game just kindof stops once you get to a certan point makes the game feel unfinished. also even though it says full controller support i think its a lie i cant figure out how to do any thing then open iinventory, move and attack."
76561197997460935,Recommended,219990,35504620,Posted: 5 October,all,BlizArmy,Need to do a full review but to busy playing the hell out of it...BlizArmy.com
76561197998110637,Recommended,219990,35506809,Posted: 5 October,all,Sutorx,Great alternative to Diablo
