user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198189131155,Recommended,220200,32047237,Posted: 29 May,all,Tosiq,"Love this game to bits.- Developers output updates semi-often (couple months between them) and none of them ruin the game in any way.- Absurd amounts of content that make the game very well worth the hefty pricetag.- Mod-compatible (although they are not on the steam workshop)- A very friendly community. Easily one of the best I've seen.- Well-polished physics that (hopefully) won't bug out on you much. For a 3D physics-based game, it works astoundingly well.- If you're interested in the science and physics part of the game, it can be fairly math-based, which is probably good if you're into science and physics anyways.Issues:- Very hard to understand at first. I'll admit to watching 3 let's plays about KSP before knowing how to play it.- UI and controls are a bit confusing. They get more comfortable later on, but at the start it's frustrating.- Takes a good amount of previous knowledge.Get to know the game and it's really enjoyable. I'd highly recommend going on youtube if you don't understand it."
76561197970723934,Recommended,220200,19406017,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Marvelous,"My 8 year old son broke away from Minecraft today. He sat on my lap while we made a rocket. He asked questions about rockets. We made it into space and he asked, ""Are we in space?"" We came down and the friction caused our heat shield to glow. His eyes were wide open as we slowed down. We pressed the space bar to deploy our parachutes but were going too fast and our chutes failed. We crashed and he asked if the kerbal was OK. I said yes as I hit ESC and went back to the VAB and changed a few things. A few minutes later, we landed our capsule safely and he had the biggest smile on his face. I haven't heard a word about Minecraft since! Thank you for making this wonderful game!!!"
,Recommended,220200,32446996,Posted: 15 June,all,Newper5,"""See that little grey circle in the night sky, impossibly far away? You can go there."">Spend the next few hours building and testing rockets, trying to get one into orbit. Laugh at all the explosions, and the ever-increasing body count. Realize you have no idea how orbital mechanics work.>Research how actual rockets achieve an orbit, maybe watch a Youtube video. Maybe take a step back and spend a few hundred hours just exploring your home planet with a plane or rover.>Get into orbit. Realize you have no idea how to get to the moon. Research a whole different type of orbital mechanics.>Get to the moon. Realize parachutes don't work.>Land on the moon, more-or-less in one piece. Realize there's another moon, a bunch of other planets, asteroids that you can capture and bring into orbit, resources that you can harvest into rocket-fuel on the surface of other planets, AND an amazing modding scene that can infinitely more gameplay.999/10 - Would plunge helpless green astronauts into the sun again."
,Recommended,220200,15580307,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Darth Biomech,This game should be standard issue in school physic classes. Taught me more about orbital mechanics than anything else.
76561198026763216,Recommended,220200,7740795,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Rowanite,"A great game if you know what you're doing. If you don't know what you're doing, it becomes mindless fun involving explosions and terrified astronauts."
76561197995280480,Recommended,220200,13289314,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,AlPhA-SnAkE,"To remove any doubts, this is by farTHEbest space simulator out there.The GoodAmazing learning experienceChoose where you want to go, with what, when, and how.HUGEplanets to discover, literally, thousands upon thousands of kilometers to walk, drive, or fly your epic creations (or, if your not very creative, preset or other players' ships)Create awesome rockets, landers,ore collection/ astronaut housing bases on other planets, and spaceplanes, the way you want themFun science mode to work your way up, earning ""science"" in order to get better equipment and rocket parts (I recommend for newish players who know at least basic orbits / how to get to the Mun)""Creative"" mode where all parts are unlocked (great for testing and trying new things)""Career"" mode for those really wanting a challenge (balance economy, science, and reputation for your own space organization, I recommend having a little more experience before jumping right in) The Career mode adds A LOT of purpose to the game, as well as adding new challenges such as having to make landings in certain locations, sending satellites in specific orbits, making space stations at specific altitudes, placing a flag on a certain body, collecting ore from a planet, etc.They are still adding to this game... Additionally, there are several user created mods that really expand on the experience, adding new parts or game mechanics.Built off of real physics! One doesn't just lop space junk up into the sky; one must deliver that space junk the realistic and correct way, thus rendering Kepler and Newton proud!!! (generally speaking, it allows one to see how actual launches and orbits work in the real world)Many other great aspects to this game (however, this would be a long list with all of them)The BadGraphics aren't the best, however, they are still good and create a real sense of depth and can deliver a ""lost-in-space"" kind of a feel... It makes me feel so small compared to the vastness of our world. Plus, the graphical style really fits the style of the overall game.Somewhat steep learning curve- It took me a while to learn to get to the ""Mun."" After this achievement, it was a lot easier to get to Minmus after this. It was difficult to get to Duna, however, once I got there, I have gradually learned enough to go pretty much anywhere and have made a permanent base on Laythe complete with science lab, crew pod and a brand spanking new air breathing engine jet transport, as well as a souped up Rover for them to drive. I have been to almost all of the planets. So basically, it takes time to get ""good"" at this game, but I assure you, it's rewarding and so spectacular to see how huge this world is (And this one is scaled down, too!). However, new tutorials should be very helpful for the beginner.not too much music (it's still good, just gets repetitive sometimes) (*ahem* devs please add more music)Getting to further out planets can take a long time, because it is a little more difficult and takes more resourcefulness... (several hours if your like me and really take your time, especially if you send a 3 manned mission to Eeloo... [you'll get faster the more experience you get though])Overall, this is a wonderful simulator offering a lot of real science with fun, providing lots of hours of engaging gameplay. I am so happy the developers have successfully brought this amazing game out of beta. I have purchased this game so long ago, and the updates have vastly improved the game and have solved many of the problems I have dealt with. Thank you for reading this book of a review, and I hope this really helps. Feel free to leave a comment if you have any questions, I have over 400 hours logged and played the demo for several hours. I will try to get to them as soon as possible. Happy Kerballing!!!"
,Recommended,220200,7751363,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,BUSH DID X11,"This is the ultimate in sandbox geekery. If you have a passing interest in astronomy, a love for freeform games, or just enjoy sending computer-generated life forms to their death repeatedly, this is the game for you.Definitely get this. Convince your friends to get this. Hell, convince your grandparents to get this."
,Recommended,220200,18245836,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,codexus,I've done more engineering in 3 months playing KSP than in 20 years of career as an engineer.
,Recommended,220200,7753249,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Sam Tyco,"This certainly was the best 20 Euros ever spent on a game. I love this game, its learning curve and its modability.Here a few pointers to help you decide:1. If you love astronomy and space exploration, this game is for you!You can do everything you have read and fantasized about. Build any rocket, no matter how stupid the concept may look at first and then try it out in the cold hard reality of space.2. The game has a very steep learning curve and will constantly challenge you.You will learn a lot about orbital mechanics, why staging is absolutely necessary and how to conserve fuel. If you don't, you probably won't make it into orbit, much less to the Mun or even other planets. Even after more than 600 hours of playing Kerbal Space Program, I'm learning stuff the hard way by losing vehicles and Kerbals.3. The game developers actively encourage modding and the modding community is breathtakingly awesome.The modability of this game is the hidden strength of this game. Without it, I wouldn't have played it half the time I actually did and wouldn't have enjoyed it as much at the same time.The first time you play through the career mode (meaning you unlock all the technologies) you should play it without any mods, just to learn the basics, look how the game behaves, etc., but after that you should really check out the Kerbal Space Program forums mod section(http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/forums/35-Add-on-Releases-and-Projects-Showcase), KerbalStuff(http://beta.kerbalstuff.com/) and/or the Curse Mod Page(http://www.curse.com/ksp-mods/kerbal). There's mods for so many aspects of the game...Want to play in more realistic solar system where it's harder to even get into orbit? Check.Want to have more realistic (= punishing) aerodynamics? Check.Want to have rocket parts for even larger rockets? Check.Want to have some autopilot capabilities to assist you with repetitive tasks? Check.Want to mine for fuel and ores on distant celestial bodies? Check.Want to have a warp drive? Also check.There's so many more which you should probably explore for yourself. The replayability of this game is great, thanks to all those mods. The community forums are also really great and helpful.If you play this game, please make sure you don't forget to mod it at some point, really!You should not play this game,- if you don't like space sims to be too realistic. Again: You will have to learn at least basic orbital mechanics which means the strongest force around is not your ship's drive, but gravity. And a heartless ♥♥♥♥♥ she is indeed...- if you don't enjoy learning stuff the hard way by explosions, disintegrations and death. There is no perfect rocket. At some point stuff will blow up and you will have to start a whole mission again.- if you don't like games that are still in development. There will be new versions released every now and then, so things change from time to time. For example, when the game was upgraded from 0.22 to 0.23, the whole science system got a rework and a lot of my rockets that were built specifically for science grinding became useless. The update was great though, since it got rid of grinding altogether.I hope you enjoy this game as much as I still do. :)"
,Recommended,220200,12706904,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Seoul Survivor,"3... 2... 1... Aw shi-If your parents have ruined your life by pumping your head full of overt positive reinforcement of all the great things you will accomplish in life, and have a shrine of your Academic Team, Little League and Girl Scout trophies and awards, and you live in the shadow of their crafted image of potential you know you will never fulfill, then KSP is for you.You will spend hours engineering great and mighty rockets, planning to launch humble little Kerbals (in game human analogs, because kerploding simulated HUMANS isn't politically correct in gaming unless it's portrayed in war, murder mysteries, alien invasions, war, zombie horror, war, armed rebellion stories, humorous ciminal empire sandboxes, war, over the top armed racing games, war, Valve circlejerk physics engine display pieces, war, or the kitchen sink) into space...Wait. What was I saying? Oh, right, you slap random aeronautic components with names longer than a West Coast Rapper's discography (what did you think I was going to say?) and plot a course for the very stars themselves! And then promptly cry tears of relief that your parent's were always wrong about you, and you actually CAN'T do anything right, all along - when you realize you forgot to put adequate battery banks on board, so now your little astronauts are floating through the hostile void forevermore, committed to the lonely depths of space, never to set foot on green Kerbin again. THIS. IS. YOUR. FAULT.Just kidding.They kerploded on the launch pad like your freshman fall semester career plans when you realized ""Intro to College Biology"" was the EASIEST class your degree required. But it doesn't matter, because trial and error in this game is so much fun, you'll completely forget about your dead end job and/or unemployment!But getting to the meat and potatoes of the game, you have about 15-20 celestial bodies to explore, and all the components you need to get there, not to mention very easy to add mods to fill in any gaps in equipment. Each body, moons, planets, even the local star can be explored and your engineering options are endless.One can make: crappy unmaned probes, crappy unmanned rovers, crappy space stations, crappy single stage to orbit launch vehicles, crappy shuttles, crappy rockets, crappy planetary bases, crappy space boats, for the odd moon with liquid surfaces. The possibilities are as countless as the stars, in that, the number could probably be calculated, but if you spent time doing it, no woman will ever touch your pe-Moving on. KSP is hours of fun, offering both structured career mode, and stupid anarchist sandbox mode for rebellious teens that hate rules. The game is still in development as of this review, and thus new content is constantly being added, not that there is any lack of stuff to do - KSP is massively replayable and tremendously enjoyable.Final score: 293/299 superfluous boosters.Protip: This game currently constitutes the entirety of the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea's space program, despite the state's lack of hardware capabe of running it, even with its undemanding specs."
,Recommended,220200,7541123,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,KWiP,"Kerbal Space Program is essentially NASA by trial and error. All the fun of building things and launching them into space, without the hassle of acquiring funding or the responsibility of having to return people to Earth safely.The Kerbals are a race of little green humanoids who love space. More than anything else, they want to go to there. You can get them there by designing rockets and space planes of near-unlimited complexity (read: convolutedness), and testing them out. Some of your designs will succeed, and some will experience a ""rapid unplanned vehicle disassembly."" But that's half the fun.Once you get the hang of getting things off the ground, you can really start to see how incredibly in-depth this game is. There is an entire solar system modeled here, with 7 planets and a bunch of moons orbiting them, giving you tons to do -- enough for hundreds of hours of play. As of this writing, I'm over 100 hours spent in-game, and the furthest I've gotten from Kerbin (the Earth-analog starting planet) is Eve, one of the nearest planets (and even then, I was forced to watch helplessly as the craft crashed into the surface, having spent all of its fuel on the voyage there).The game's physics are -- while scaled down for difficulty's sake -- actually fairly realistic. I never realized how little I knew about the physics involved in orbits until I started figuring out how to save fuel during launch by focusing more on horizontal velocity. Before long, I was looking up how to do gravity assists to get to other planets, and looking up actual rocket science formulas, trying to understand the principles behind them in order to improve my designs.The game is still in Alpha, and as such it's a little rough around the edges (the most obvious to me is that the surface of Kerbin is devoid of any kind of structures besides the space center), but new updates are coming out with decent regularity. Most recently added is the career mode, which starts you out only with a handful of parts, requiring you to perform experiments and generate reports around the solar system to gain ""science"" -- a currency you can use to unlock new part selections. The part limitations give a new kind of challenge, and obtaining science gives the game a more objective focus, which I found very refreshing -- especially just as sandbox mode was starting to lose some of its draw.TL:DR;If designing and flying rockets, space planes and/or whatever ridiculous contraption you can think of sounds fun, it's a safe bet that you'll enjoy this game. Despite still being in alpha, it's already more than worth what I paid."
,Recommended,220200,15600513,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Joshatron,Parachutes do not work on the moon. Many Kerbals died to bring us this information.11/10
76561198168870205,Recommended,220200,31007195,Posted: 7 April,all,happylemur,"-Launched first rocket, didn't get into space-Decided that was boring, so strapped on three ""Hammer"" boosters for the next launch-Accidentally put Jeb in orbit around the sun-Made it my mission to get Jeb back, whatever the cost-Directed all efforts and resources towards getting Jeb back-After countless rocket launches and experiments, decided I had advanced far enough in tech to rescue Jeb-When Jeb's orbit was closest to Earth, launched advanced drone ship, named ""Jeb II"" (Jeb I didn't make it out of the atmosphere)-Jeb Ii somehow manages to get close to Jeb's rocket-Jeb goes on daring EVA, manages to get inside Jeb II, assumes controls, shuts down engines-After nearly a year, Jeb's orbit puts him close to Kerbal again-Jeb ignites the Jeb II's thrusters, on course for Kerbal-Jeb II burns up on reentry, killing Jeb.-RIP Jeb."
76561198088641906,Recommended,220200,17047976,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Darknewber,"Pros+Can run on most potatos+Is not one of those boring simulators+Graphical and Part mods are amazing+No degree in astrophysics is needed+You can make Rovers, Planes, Rockets, Shuttles, (Boats?), ect.+Total freedom to walk around and explore the solar system+Things to do on other planets (Collect science, Make bases, Drill for ore)+3 different modes- Sandbox, Career, or Science+Fantastic CommunityCons-No multiplayer yet (it's coming)-No stock/vanilla clouds or dynamics on any planets yet (there are plenty of mods though)-Fully mastering the game takes a good deal of time-Not entertaining for 10-year-old COD players-The addiction may cause sudden loss of girlfriends or careerOverall Score: 11/10, would fail docking sequence on Endurance again."
76561198046674456,Recommended,220200,18698227,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Carnivorous Walnut,Actually helped me get my degree.10/10
,Recommended,220200,15605991,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,grieferbastard,"There are no other games really like this. You will, in a terribly entertaining way, learn some fundamental of orbital mechanics, rocket science, aerodynamics, astrophysics and even a bit of mechanical engineering and straight physics.There is nobody to shoot, no zombies, no monsters, no combat. No grand conquests and raising flags over captured enemy bases. Yet you have never and will never play a game that will challenge, entertain and reward you like KSP will. The learning curve is stiff but not terrible. You play it at your own pace because, well, there is no other pace you can play it at. Games like Dark Souls are 'hard' because you've got to have the right mix of luck and muscle memory and you have to throw yourself at it again again. KSP can be hard because calculating the right setup for the right injection burn to put you in a viable position to get past Ike into a stable orbit around Duna with enough fuel to get you home is a staggering undertaking, a lot of planning and forethough.This is one of those games that changes gaming. You will kick yourself, repeatedly, when you look back and realize you didn't have a chance to play KSP.It is a complex, indepth, engaging, well balanced and changing but simplified to make it fun to play simulator for building and deploying rockets and ships to go into space, visit and explore other worlds and travel a solar system.The developer is a big part of this success. One of the first trail blazers on 'early access' they have been amazing for involving the community. Several of the top modders for KSP (they love and support modding in KSP - not to fix bugs but add content) were engaged and used in building content for the 1.0 release even. They are still engaged in improving and adding content to KSP.I've got close to 800 hours in at this point and still haven't really played swaths of the game, there are dozens of mods I want to try but haven't had the chance. This is the kind of game that's fun and engaging for years and years. Sometimes you need to step outside the regular run of the mill and see why a game like this has tens of thousands of reviews that are almost universally positive."
,Recommended,220200,8714245,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ImperatorTiberius,"I score this Simulation game 12/10, just hit the buy button! It exceeds all expectations. The game isn't finished yet, but I don't care. They can't fail anything anymore. Just buy it. Or wait for a sale and then buy it. Whenever you buy it, you won't feel ripped off! I guarantee you that!Kerbal Space Program is pure MAGIC! On the facade it comes across as something with the depth of Angry Birds and the looks of a crappy looking 3d rollercoaster tycoon and the unsuspecting gamer is easily fooled. However, there is a reason this game has a fanbase of millions! There's a reason I'm scoring this game 12 out of 10. I find this game to be the most addictive thing in my library. I even try NOT to play it, but when I do it keeps me awake at night and busy while doing daily chores...KSP, like the name might have hinted, is a Space Program Simulator Game. There is the career mode, involving missions and research, and there is the sandbox mode that allows you to run free with it. The game is in early access and the career needs work (I find the missions redundant and confusing, but it's already fun), and this review is more about the sandbox mode.You run the show, so you set out your own missions, like fly to the moon or another planet. Then you have to build your lander, rover, satelite or whatever, the means of manouvering in space and a rocket to get it in space! Then you have to find out not just how to get something off the ground and into space, you also need to learn to make an orbit. Then you learn how to manipulate orbits in order to get around. There are no concessions! By the time you've figured out how to get where you want to go, you will have learned the basics of actual spaceflight! You don't need a science degree to do this and to understand this, the game is brilliant this way. You can get there by trial and error and in a fun way too.I recommend this game to all people that like simulation games, tycoon games, Lego (the plastic bricks), science fiction in general, science in general, rockets and blowing stuff up, real space exploration or even have slight positive stance on looking at the sky at night willing to learn.As you set out your own missions, you send your Kerbal individuals (they all have names) on grand adventures. Their homeworld has a cicumference of about 12000km and it comes with 2 moons. The bigger one looks like our own moon and it can even cast a solar eclipse (really a fun and beautifull feature). In the Kerbol (name of the star) system you will also find the planets Moho, Eve with it's moon Gilly, Kerbin with Mun and Minmus, Duna with Ike, then a gas-giant called Jool with no less then 5 moons plus finally the dwarfplanet Eelo. The distances are measured in millions of kilometers when traveling in space. It may be a scaled down planetary system, but that doesn't mean it's small. I have never before adventured through such an immense ingame world. Each planet and moon comes with it's own biomes and anomalies to discover and explore and you'll busy for hundreds of hours before you've done it all. Everyone plays in this same systen so everyone can share their adventures with eachother, you know what the other player is talking about.When I started playing, I had little expectations. It looked like a mod, but then I reached space. It was like the opening of the movie 2001: a Space Oddisey. The ""space whales"" ingame music started playing and my contraption was floating in a serene fashion high above kerbin, ever going higher and higher, kerbin getting smaller and smaller, I passed the Mun... lost kerbin, then found the ""eva"" button.. I found out stands for ""Extra Vehicular Activity"", or ""Go play outside"".. so I lost my Kerbal. Hours of my life passed by while staring at this phenomenon called KSP, while drooling over my keyboard.This game is not done yet. I'm not sure when they aim for a release candidate, but they can't fail this anymore. Nasa has made an addon for it, so now asteroids are also part of the game and can be landed on or grabbed. Nasa also added their own rocket parts based on the new Space-X rocket, how awesome is that! And the developer has even announced multiplayer!!! I don't know how this will work and what we could do in an online game, and It's already more fun if a friend plays this game too, but it's anticipated by me nonetheless.The educational value of this game is through the roof! I thought I understood the principle of orbits, but boy did I learn a lot. I understood the concept of flying faster horizontally then you fell vertically, but putting it to practice requires more then just going. So, I watched Nasa do it. They pivot the rocket as soon as it has picked up enough speed, so ok... I built a rocket with steering parts and pivotted it correctly after a few try-outs and finally worked out an eliptical orbit to play with. At this point the concept that Isaac Newton put down of ""every action has a 'pose and equal reaction"" gets a whole new meaning in orbit (you'll see :KSmiley:).Every run you make in Kerbal, you get more advanced. Your rockets become more stable, because you know how to make them, you get to other planets faster, because you know how to get there. My rockets grew in size from around 60 parts for the rocket with my first moonlander, of which I built a new version every night, to about 1300 in my rocket plus massive oversized truck I landed on Duna, which took me 2 weeks to build! It went from slapping together a simple contraption to a mind-boggling engineering puzzle that even my pc (or the game's engine) found hard to process when launched.There comes a point where you get stuck on something, like how to dock in space. There are several things to do, but I warn you: this can make or break your experience. Try as hard as you can if you're stuck, play with a friend (you know, together on one pc thinking and building) and if all else fails, then try youtube or a guide. Letting guides take you by the hand can ruin your experience. But when you've reached this point it just means a whole new world of Kerbal opens before your eyes. I think every KSP player has posted screenshots, videos, guides both online and private to friends. The ammount of material you can dig up is staggering.Also, don't install mods as you just start playing, exept for scan-sat perhaps (but don't, the other mods will lure you). Mods potentially ruins the experience as they can either make it to hard or too easy. I've reached the point where making an orbit has become a boring thing to do and I had seen all the parts ingame. I've reached the point of not getting my ships docked. This was the point where I looked on youtube, read guides and reviews for mods and then installed mods, mods like MechJeb (in flight telemetry and autopilot options, use at your own risk), advanced cockpits (cockpit screens, buttons to press, external cameras, awesome!), more parts, graphical addons, scan-sat (scans planets, awesome!), etc. But with all games in early access, mods can be broken when the game is patched. But when you've reached that point, KSP can be enhanced in such ways it brings about limitless posibilities, as realistic as you want it to be.This game is 100% quality, dedicated hard work and deserves all credit it can get. When it's done, it just means it has reached a point where the developers can call it a complete game. With more standard parts, more physics, more career, more tycoon and basicly more game then it is now. From that moment this game will only expand as if it were the universe itself thanks to mods and I don't think this game will die out soon. Just buy the game, you'll have fun for years to come I promiss!!!Now years after release, I stand by my review. This game will stand it's ground.If it's not on sale, check outSteamhookups.comif there's a good deal in it for you!"
76561198058454861,Recommended,220200,12849556,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MitchDB,"6 Banned words in the NASA : ""It worked in Kerbal Space Program."""
,Recommended,220200,8026197,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,discord ian,"If you love space, if you love engineering and design, building projects, and flight sims, you will lose many, many hours to this game.And many, many Kerbals."
,Recommended,220200,12432800,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Whackjob,"Imagine the most intricate, accurate to life space vehicle simulator you can.  Dozens of toggle switches, displays ranging from the strange and esoteric to the vague and incomprehensible, buttons flashing angrily at you and daring you to press them.  The screen shakes and aside from the roar of liftoff, the only thing you can hear is your own labored breathing and the pulse in your ears.  Do you have this picture in your head?  Good.Because KSP is nothing like that.   Take parts, attach parts, launch parts, land parts, detonate parts, survive falling parts.  KSP is learning through failure.  Unless you go on Youtube and look up the Scott Manley videos, you are going to fail.  You gonna fail bad.  But it's okay.  Failure is only data by another name.  Bit by bit, you'll learn how to do things right.  You'll realize that putting the engines under the tanks is probably a good idea.  Putting the crew capsule in a place not likely to be burned or detonated is also probably a good idea.   Parachutes seem like a logical choice, but what the heck, right?  Maybe you just need a five hundred meter long crumple zone.  Nobody's gonna stop you.  That's the great thing, isn't it?  You can put anything at all you want on the launchpad, and nobody knows well enough to try to stop you.  The Kerbish OSHA rep is permanently locked into the bathroom.  He's not gettin' out of there.  We welded the window shut, locked the door, and put model airplane glue in the keyhole.  Cell phone reception in there is sketchy.  You're safe.  So go nuts.There's places you can go.  Land at the poles, the sea, the mountains, or all three at once with a creatively timed spray of shrapnel.  There's other worlds.  A big burning thing with no surface that'll tan you for free if you check it out.  It'll tan you to the bone.  So that's a bonus.  There's other worlds.  Red world.  Purple world.  Green world with little worlds around it.  Hidden stuff everywhere.  All of these places are fit to seed with refuse.  Landers, rovers, living quarters, stations, battleships, pasteboard furniture, lawnmowers, spaceplanes, robots, scooters, springboards, et cetera.  KSP is a litterer's dream.  There's so many places you can leave stuff you have no hope of bringing home.And it's worth doing it just to see that stuff sitting there.But I've got to warn you.  You've reached TL;DR level four, so here's a bonus.  This game has very unexpected side effects.  You will learn things.  Hoffman transfer.  Periapsis.  Apoapsis.  How orbit actually works.  Why orbit is halfway to anywhere.  Launch windows.  Free transfer windows.  Free returns.  If you make the horrifying inadvertent mistake of buying this game for yourself or your child, somebody's gonna learn things.  It's unavoidable.   Real things, even.  Newton's spectre haunts this game.  You will find no escape, and he fears no earthly garlic.Lemmie wrap this up for the TL;DR folks who check the bottom summary.  Just get KSP already.  You aren't really learning anything from my review you probably didn't know already.  Let's be honest with each other, here.  Ok?  You don't want to learn whether or not this game is worth buying.  You're looking for someone to make the excuse for you.  You're already gonna get it, you just want someone to possibly take the fall for you if you catch heat for doing it.  And to you, good sirs and madams, I say;  Yes.  Yes, I'll take the blame.  ""That fat idiot Whackjob from KSP told me to get the game, or he said he'd cut me.""  They'll believe you.  You're good.  So do it.  Hit that buy button.Thank me later.~Whackjob of KSP"
,Recommended,220200,19661497,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Brandonhotdog,"Started playing this game when I was 11, it was too complicated for me. I'd spent over 20 hours trying to reach the moon but always failed.I'm now 14 and I've finally reached the moon and back.10/10 - would wait 3 years until I'm mature enough to understand a game again.Edit: For those saying the game came out last year, the first public release of this game was on June 24, 2011. Its official release out of beta was last year (2015)."
76561198039736917,Recommended,220200,13338531,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Galen,I've learned more about orbital mechanics in a few hours of playing this game then my entire life up to this point. Very cool.
76561198030881779,Recommended,220200,22530334,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,nathanglevy,"I played this game with my son, now he wants to be an austronaunt.10/10Seriously, once upon a time if my son would have asked me ""Dad, how did people land on the moon"" I wouldn't know what to tell him. But today, when my son asked me that question (awww yis!), I simply said -- ""I'll show you how"", and we fired up the game. I was able, with the help of KSP, to show my son the beauty of trial and error, the difficulty of space travel and just how vast and empty space is, and how small we are. I let him built it himself, parachutes on a moon lander, backwards engines and everything. I remember his look of disbeleif and surprise as our first rocket exploded, the look of awe as we made orbit, his wide eyed gaze as we made our trajectory to the moon and he could actually see just how small earth is and how far we are from the moon. I remember his enthusiasm as we were about to touch down on the moon and we deployed his parachutes. Which didn't work. We crashed. Hard. After the inital shock was over, my son asked in surprise: ""Dad why don't parachutes work on the moon?"".Oh man, thank you KSP. Thank you for making science fun!"
76561198139817938,Recommended,220200,32426204,Posted: 14 June,all,talltitanicc,"I recommend this game, until Take-Two takes the modding away. (Keep this game on a flashdrive if you own it, we must keep it safe.)"
,Recommended,220200,23308639,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Roborowan,>Buy game in sale in 2013>Spend 4 months attempting to get to the Mun>Spend the entire space program's budget on a Mun mission>Forgot solar panels>Jeb crashed due to lack of power. He is now stranded>Tell him I'm mounting a rescue mission>Get sidetracked flying planes to get more funds>Accidentally learn to dock>Somehow get to Duna>Mannded Duna landing and return>Make huge space station in Kerbin orbit>Turn it into a huge ship by docking engines>Fly to Jool and visit all the moons>Have spare fuel so decide to do a grand tour of the solar system>Finally done everything I came out to do. Start playing other games>Be me 2016>Load up KSP after new update to check it out>Jeb still stranded on Mun10/10
,Recommended,220200,15940584,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Kerosyn,"It's been quite a ride. Four long years of development, cool stuff, accidentally education, and the Kraken... and here we are. One point oh (point whatever!) Andoh,are things different! But that's all thepast!Let's talk about the present.This is a game in which you go to space repeatedly, success optional.Most of the entertainment value in this game is either limited or boosted by your imagination. You can just throw some bits together, hit the go button and see what happens! What's that? There are Kerbals in there? I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you over the sound of my massive explosion device. Conversely, you can put things together ina very particular mannerand create the perfect interplanetary shuttle. It's all up to you. Your sandbox is the solar system. Go play. Due to the nature of things and such, this game would be truly incredible in a classroom environment, yet it's just as fun alone at home.Now, for the less sandbox-oriented among us (or just the people like me who enjoy progression,) there's acareer mode!This time, you start out with the exclusive ability to make short range, manned, ballistic missiles!FOR SCIENCE!Seriously, you generateScience!from everything, and you use it to unlock more things to build better missiles to make moreScience!Be careful though. Don't want to blow up too many bits, because you have funding to worry about now. You should also take care of your Kerbals to keep your reputation acceptable.Also the camera shakes, there's complicated aerodynamics, there's thermodynamics, there's moresodynamics, there's orbital mechanics, there's resource mining (which you can MAKE FUEL with,) there's management, there's pretty explosions, there's good sound effects that are also deafening, there's accidentally education, and so much more for onlysome money!However, the tutorial is absolutely useless and frustrating. Ignore it, fumble around for a while, and utilize the internet to learn what you must know when you decide that trial and error is so last era.There's not really much else to talk about... All the other details are either not noteworthy, neutral, or better kept quiet... so...Go build some intercon- advanced spacecraft."
,Recommended,220200,34231398,Posted: 14 August,all,strask,"I have over 2k hours logged in steam for KSP, and probably another 2k outside of steam. It's my all-time most-played game.The thing you have to know about KSP is that you learn by failing. This is true of most games, really, but it's especially and most spectacularly true with KSP. You try something, explode, try something else.If you can just enjoy the explosions and learn your lessons and try again, this is absolutely the game for you. If failing a few dozen times (even in amusing ways) before succeeding is something that would frustrate you, I guess pick another game.You don't have to be a rocket scientist to play, but you do have to aspire to rocket science. The simulation isn't perfect, but it's close enough to require that you develop some understanding of orbital mechanics to play. You don't need to understand all that stuff to start with; but you need to be willing to learn as you progress.Heavy math is not required; there are mods that add displays for all the most commonly used data so you don't have to pull out a calculator. I recommend Kerbal Engineer Redux; other people use MechJeb, and some people spurn the mods and actually do use calculators. But that's a preference issue.I've purchased KSP both on steam and on GoG, and purchased gift copies for six or seven people across both platforms too. If you consider it on a hours-of-fun-per-monetary-unit basis, it's the most cost effective purchase you will ever make."
,Recommended,220200,16568378,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Willegitimate,"When you play Kerbal Space Program, you find yourself becoming one of two types of individuals.  Either you throw everything together and make things up as you go, or you spend equally as much time planning for a mission as actually flying it.  Either way, mission success (whatever you define that to be) is always either painstakingly earned or astronomically lucky (pun intended).  It's very hard to compare to the feeling of seeing a safe splashdown after one of your Kerbals (the characters that man spacecraft) has walked on the surface of another celestial body.  It's also hard to compare to the humbling feeling you get when you've made it halfway across the Kerbol system after significant planning and execution time only to realize that you left your landing legs at home.This game will frustrate and exhilarate you.  Well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,220200,18899732,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kaengeki,I think I may have a problem.
76561198036645867,Recommended,220200,31492733,Posted: 1 May,all,h0ckeyman13,The answer to this review is yes.is it good?is it fun?Will i enjoy it if i know nothing about it?will i enjoy if i know too much about it?will it somehow suck you in for hours?Will you somehow anger the kraken during the time i play this?will you get frustrated?will i then get extremely aroused when my spaceship gets into orbit?YES
76561198014835633,Recommended,220200,13502446,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[FBI] IronDog,Step 1Get this for your childStep 2Watch them get good at this gameStep 3They work for NASA
,Recommended,220200,15638224,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Fräulein,I got an asteroid and made it orbit the mun. Now the mun has a mun. 11/10
,Recommended,220200,16978225,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,MexicanStandOff,Sent a mission to the MunLandedGot scienceStarted taking offLooked at fuelEmptyGot my kerbal out of the shipForced him to throw himself at the ship repeatedlyMade it back home11/10 Would Throw Kerbals at Ship to deorbit again
76561198031174615,Recommended,220200,13183017,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ACEOMEGA,"Kerbals are fun to blow up.Kerbals are fun to lose in orbit.Kerbals are fun to throw into planets.Kerbals are fun to strand on space rocks forever.and yet, there is nothing more satisfying then getting one home safe.I love this game"
76561197980238865,Recommended,220200,13117967,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Blarghalt,"For some weird reason, NASA doesn't think this game makes you qualified to work for them. >:("
,Recommended,220200,25498612,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,I immediately regret my decision,"Nothing will prepare you for the moment you first touch down on the Mun with your Kerbals - alive. The sense of accomplishment is magnificent.Its probably comparable to the crushing defeat you feel as you realize you forgot to make sure you had enough fuel to get back home.But! You've done it! You managed to get your Kerbals to the Mun, land them safely, lift off and get into an aerobrake orbit around Kerbin!Aaaand, you forgot to put parachutes on your command pod :|"
76561197966491410,Recommended,220200,23308265,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,SporkofDeath,"If you have kids, get this game for them.  If you don't have kids, get this game anyway."
,Recommended,220200,4796602,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Sierra,"KSP Version 0.23, Alpha. (Try the free demo if you're unsure!)An absolutely brilliant example of an open game still under development, KSP lets players explore the Kerbol system with a fleet of (mostly) operational, self-designed ships, probes, rovers, stations, permanent bases and, of course, manned missions. Although the Unity engine causes even top-end PCs to sometimes run at sub-par framerates, the game is slowly becoming more intricate and beautiful with every update. You'll quickly realise that there are no predefined goals and a lot of what you achieve on KSP is fuelled by your imagination, so if you're looking for a linear game with missions and a set storyline, this isn't for you.The game features two different modes; career mode and sandbox mode. While the (basic) career mode is currently being updated and improved, sandbox definitely contains enough content to give dozens of hours of fun, if not more! Multiplayer is due to be introduced before final release too.Outside the stock game, the community is excellent with a plethora of mods created to complement the game, easily installed thanks to developer support and an official mod-sharing website. Once you begin to look for objectives beyond scooting around the rocky surface of Moho or exploring Jool's many moons, you can introduce extraplanetary mining with the Kethane mod, orbital mapping with the ISA MapSat mod, or a host of other content packages created by the community. Just expect to crash often when you first start, and don't grow too attached to any of your impressive creations. This is an alpha-level game, after all."
,Recommended,220200,31379960,Posted: 26 April,all,Lukasoid,I finally reached a stable orbit but I have no idea how to get back.
,Recommended,220200,15616330,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,ya boy charlie ii,"Got to the moon with 2 kerbals, half way back to kerbin I realized I left Bill on the Mun.10/10"
76561198084809301,Recommended,220200,25743441,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,diggoryschaub,Just remember to eat and drink occasionally.
76561197988789541,Recommended,220200,8433675,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,CrazyCanadian,"OLD INFO AT TOP- KEEP READING.Probably one of the best games i have ever played. i have logged well over 1000 hours on this game and i still enjoy logging into it frequently. try it out, and get some mods. you need to accept a bit of instabuility at times with lots of mods (im using like 13 mods right now) but if you go vanilla (witch still allowes for Lots of unique ideas on its own) stabuility is rarely an issue. game takes a hog of a PC, and due to 32 bit Engine.... sigh, is stuck using only 1 core of your processor. but is usually sparkling on a good pc none the less.and For advanced Players, theres really no end to what you can do.a person need only look at youtube and they can get an idea of the insanity that is building your own rockets in a physics engine.you plan it all... and if you mess up, fuel levels, mistakes ect..... another kerbal bites the dust.. ""now serving #15"" a Pa announces.April 2015:2000 hours and climbing, still have not run out of uniqe things to do.. theres always a crazier mission than you considered before... the mods have only gotten better, and with some tricks like running in OpenGL mode you can load this game up with ALOT of mods before it explodes. you can install Real solar system mod and play on a real life sized system, makes going to the moon and back something worth bragging about. thats for extremely advanced players as even i find it hard.Feb 2016 - 3000 hoursGame completed, runs great on 64 bit version, now mods arent an issue and you can load it up until the cows come home. so much more stable than ever, faster than ever and every thing. Just works better now as the last thing they did was optimize the crap out of it. still one of the best games i have ever owned. play it constantly"
76561198071429005,Recommended,220200,24132025,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Gedd500,"After my son had a really bad day where nothing seemed to go right, we had a talk about how failing is part of learning.I said ""Remember how you watched me flying rockets on the computer?""He said ""Yeah, they kept going all over the place and smashing into the ground!  Have you landed on the moon yet?""""Nope.  Crashed into it a couple times.  Learning new things every time though.""""Can I play that game too!?""-Kerbal Space Program: Lessons for life."
76561198077992900,Recommended,220200,23304595,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Tom.N,ruined my ability to enjoy science fiction movies.
,Recommended,220200,15642437,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Basic,"Truly Epic. One of those games I keep going back to (300+ hours as I write this).Being a simulation, the number of situations you can find yourself in is nearly endless.My most recent Kerbtastrophe occurred when my unmanned mapping and science probe (JoolStar1) was about to arrive at Jool after nearly 4 years in flight. Actually, it happened quite a while before that, I just wasn't aware of it.I switched to the probe, ready to fine-tune my approach so I could cut through the atmosphere, bleeding off speed without wasting fuel.Something was wrong. The probe didn't respond to inputs. That's when I realised I hadn't deployed the solar panels before leaving Kerbin orbit!Cursing, I tried to deploy them. Nothing. I mashed the button repeatedly. Still nothing. I checked the batteries... Empty!Since I didn't have a kerbal on board to do an EVA, there was nothing I could do except watch helplessly as JoolStar1 sailed straight past its destination, a failure destined to orbit the sun forever.This game is all about failing repeatedly (and hilariously) until a Darwinian process of attrition results in an understanding of how to build, fly and land rockets.I can't recommend it highly enough"
,Recommended,220200,19921407,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,bRYLCREEM,"2 things1. The best game I have ever played.2. SCOTT MANLEY.I could write a 10k word essay on all the good things about this game. But I'll stick to pointing out the one thing that was both what got me hooked and would also frustrate me to the point of almost not wanting to play. The learning curve. It's the single most challenging learning experience I've had since I left uni! But I LOVED every second of it.The absolute highlight of this game for me? When a friend and I shared a save file and flew a mission (over 2000tons of spaceship) to the planet jool with the aim of landing and every moon and then coming home. We worked on the designs together, assembled our ship in orbit together and ran the mission.Kerbal has given me the most rewarding gaming experiences of my life... and I play a LOT of games!"
,Recommended,220200,15575425,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,mvconners,"I've wasted hours of my life in this game, lost countless nights of sleep, $30, several friends, and hundreds upon hundreds of rockets.11/10 would recommend.  Plus it leaves beta tomorrow."
,Recommended,220200,15284790,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,you cant flim flam the zim zam,have major science test tomorrowscrew studyingplay KSP for 12 hoursTest rolls aroundAce it with 105% (bonus points)only person in school to do thisteachers asks howsay that Jeb helped meshe asks who Jeb islook her in the eyeshe's a badassJEBERICA! F*CK YEAH!No really. Get the game. It's amazing. (I acutally did ace that science test)
,Recommended,220200,13618317,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Jamesabeth,"Think of Kerbal as a Do-It-Yourself-NASA, albeit less successful because you haven't a clue what you're supposed to be doing. It's all fun though, as you'll learn quite quickly and by the end of the week, along with some Scott Manley Youtube schooling, you'll be on the right track.You'll probably spend 95% of your time exploding, but that slim 5% that you actually manage to get into orbit, dock two craft together to make a space station, or land on another body (such as the Mun), will become some of the most memorable experiences in your video gaming life.As close to a solid space simulation as you'll ever get. And extremely mod friendly too!"
76561198030586209,Recommended,220200,12293733,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,FAT COK,"Some say the main character isn't afraid of anything, except small insects. And that he once made it to the Mun with his eyes closed. All we know is: he's not the stig, but he is Jebediah Kerman!This game has exerything you want in a ""space race"" game. You have explosions, the ability to build the best spacecraft you can comprehend; and best of all, you have raw power.You may first get it and think, ""what was I thinking when I got this, it's more difficult than becoming friends with Piers Morgan!"" With that, you would be correct, but what you need... is to practice with many many crafts to get the right ideas.The controls are like some kind of madness that would drive you away, but it's very easy to understand after you play for a bit.All in all, I must say: this is one of the best games... in the world, and even out of it. If you wanted to pick this up for a mere 27 dollars (17 Quid), you would have to be mentaly insane to not get it.And on that bombshell, back to the studio."
,Recommended,220200,13246580,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Team Sneak,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. The game is flawless, and it only keeps on getting better. It is not even complete and it is worth every penny. Just wait for multiplayer and the thousands of customizable mods and you have a game that will entertain yourself forever. I have bought this game 3 times to give it out as a gift to friends because I love it so much. Please buy this game and experience the best game EVER!"
,Recommended,220200,25193345,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Christian,Who needs No Man's Sky when you got KSP?
,Recommended,220200,3687247,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Rubenzz25,"Kerbal Space Program brings you one of the most difficult, but also one of the most rewarding games I've ever played. An extensive solar system with realistic physics will give you a challenging quest to the mün and to all the other planets revolving around the Sun. Your first few attempts of 'shooting for the mün' will inevitably end up in failure (trust me, I've been there), but after a while, you'll get there! Absolutely worth the fairly high price, but if it's on sale, get your copy!"
,Recommended,220200,12676250,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Murderface,"Kerbal Space Program isgreatfun.If you love space and explosions, this one comes highly recommended.A lot of potential players express concern at the complexity of the game, but they needn't worry if they're really interested in playing.  KSP is a gamefirst, and a simulation second. You don't have to be Scott Manley, or even average, at the game in order to have fun. Just build stuff and fly it about! You'll learn the nuances of spaceflight as you go. Not to mention if flight and orbital mechanics elude you, there are mods such as MechJeb that assist you with flying your ship and going from one planet to another, or perform the maneuversFORyou, that way you can focus on building and watching things go boom. The more recent addition of ""Career"" mode takes the new player experience even further, serving as a guided, but still sandboxy, introduction to all aspects of the gameplay.Reasons to buy KSP:You like space.You like explosions.You like sandbox games.You have a soul.Reasonsnotto buy KSP:Youmistakenlythink spaceisn'tawesome.Explosions scare you.You're afraid you'll get sand in your eyes.You have no soul."
,Recommended,220200,31638018,Posted: 8 May,all,Aidmo,"Kerbal Space Program is easily one of the greatest games of the generation. No game before it has been so simple yet allowed so much freedom to the player. The game runs well even on low-end rigs, and it will keep you glued to your chair for hours on end. KSP is easily one of my favorite games of all time; it quickly ascended the ranks of my most-played games list on Steam shortly after I purchased it, surpassing all but Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. It is capable of frustrating you, making you feel good about yourself, and making you throw your keyboard across the room all without breaking a sweat. When you feel down, KSP will surely help you cope with any and all kinds of stress.Maybe you've always wanted to be a rocket scientist (I know I do), and you want to do rocket science in the comfort of your home. That's where KSP comes in. Kerbal Space Program, currently one of the highest-rated games on the market, is your solution. You can choose from three different modes (sandbox, career, and science) which allow you to play the game any way you see fit. Sandbox allows you to do whatever you want, with all parts available from the beginning. Career is more difficult, as you must balance resources to stay in business. Science, my personal favorite, removes the resource management aspect and simply lets you perform experiments in various location and situations as you see fit. Both Career and Science mode start you with technology that would have been available to NASA as early as the 1960s. Yeah, it's outdated, but it just makes it more fun. You earn science points that allow you to research new ship parts, such as wings, engines, fuel tanks, antennae, or even more science-earning parts.KSP has struck a perfect balance between fun and difficulty. The feeling of pure joy that cascades over you when you finally exit the atmosphere of Kerbin is indescribable, but the dark feeling that washes back over you when you realize you can't land safely or establish an orbit around the planet is equally awe-inspiring. The Kerbals, your astronauts, spew out of the astronaut complex like bullets from a belt-fed machine gun. They are endless, and always exploding with enthusiasm, ready to help you learn the secrets of the Kerbol solar system, with no regard to their own safety.Kerbal Space Program is easily one of the most-loved games of all time, both by the developers and by the community. The devs have obviously poured their souls into the creation of this game, and they've been well-rewarded. In turn, their community has cranked out thousands of mods to accomplish what the devs could never have imagined possible. KSP, an already endless game of building and testing and building and testing, has become even endlesser (which is not a word, I know, but that doesn't matter).ProsIncredible, highly-polished gameplay experience that will draw you back every day of every month of the year.Endless combinations of parts and ways to use them that let your imagination run wild.Highly realistic physics that are so accurate you can calculate them if you know what you're doing.Adorable, expendable astronauts, including the legendary Jeb.Endless extension of the game through modding, including additional parts and new functions and game mechanics.An very challenging experience!ConsOften very difficult.The physics, while incredible, are just as unforgiving as real physics.If you have no concept of time in the first place, this game might turn into a time sponge. (But that's not always bad!)Final Thoughts:In conclusion, I am not afraid to say that Kerbal Space Program is the greatest game ever made. It's a groundbreaking simulation game that truly captures the essence of exploring the final frontier, all in a slim, fun, and challenging package. If you haven't bought this game, you're likely living under a rock. :)Rating:10/10This review was written for and is published on the Lit Reviews [LR] curator page."
76561198123366577,Recommended,220200,29474413,Posted: 24 January,all,Olehaehae,"**Based on 500 hrs of gameplay**Best game I've ever played. School grades have been sacrificed.Do you want to get addicted? Because this is how you get addicted.Build and design spaceships, rovers, or even spaceplanes, like the shuttles NASA is using. Build it, launch it, crash it, try again, crash again, build again, and eventually manage to explore the solar system.This game is for the players who enjoy challenges and small chances of success - at least at first. It's a steep learning curve, and a lot to dig into, but the fact that a lot of your coming failures will be the result of having to adjust to the laws of physics, aerodynamics, thermology and so on makes the whole experience rewarding in even real-life practical ways. Smart people play KSP. Be smart. Seriously."
76561198045726360,Recommended,220200,25704444,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Your Mother™,"Kerbal Space Program, at least to me is the king of simulation games. While I play numerous others (such as Farming Simulator) they don’t seem to hit every mark in that field. KSP, while challenging at first is the one that throws everything that happens in reality at the player, and force them to deal with it. While a game like Farming Sim only really requires you to keep an eye on fuel or some crops, KSP requires that you maintain a healthy supply of necessities ranging from fuel and electricity, to a satellite connection back home. But the part of the game that truly shines is the feeling you get when you first land on the Mun. A friend who gave the game a shot said#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author“it was just...pride. So many Kerbals died in previous attempts, and I finally made it.”While the game is difficult, I can’t stop asking people to try it. To me, it’s the perfect “life isn’t about the destination, but the journey” and I think this game captures that perfectly."
,Recommended,220200,15151908,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,ctcc42,"1) Buy this game.2) Build rocketship.3) Accedently seperate boosters and deploy parachutes whilst still on laucnhpad.4) Rebuild rocketship.5) Fail to Escape atmospher6) Crash7) Rebuild rocketship.8) Fail to achive orbit.9) Crash10) Rebuild rocketship.11) Fail to achive orbit of the Mun12) Abandon Kerbal and rocketship to drift in space forever without fuel.13) Build new rocketship14) Crash into the Mun.15) Build new roecketship16) Successfully get Kerbal to the Mun17) Gather munrocks and plant flag18) Get Kerbal back from the Mun, safly splashdown in ocian, recover craft.19) Realise you have been playing for hours, learnt a lot about spaceflight and orbital mechanics, had a lot of fun and that your now realy good at building and flying spacecraft.20) Attempt to build a spacestation, send probes or kerbals to other orbital bodies in the solarsystem, or design a working spaceplane.21) Crash.22) Rebuild Rocketship."
,Recommended,220200,23967514,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ArononymouS,"This game has one of the steepest learning curves of any game i've ever played, but it has also given me the greatest feeling of achievement from any game i've ever played.When you land on the Mun for the first time, after mashing buttons trying to stabalise your craft and you barely make it due to the lack of fuel, there's no better feeling than knowing you have to do it all again and launch a rescue mission. (or you could just leave Bob there for science).....I am a big fan of space, physics and science in general and playing this game has been an education for me. Because of KSP I have watched dozens of YouTube videos on astrophysics and aerodynamics I would have probably never watched without this game and learned a ton of interesting things, and i love that.The game has a fantastic modding community with a huge variety of mods to add realism or give your game a futuristic sci-fi feel. A favourite mod of mine is 'Remote tech', I don't play without it.This game produces some stunning visuals too as you drift through the vast openness of space, orbiting moons, chasing asteroids, collecting science and designing planes, rockets, trucks, rovers, probes, boats even helecopters and mech walker/transformer type sh** thanks to mods...If you ever look up at the stars and wonder what it would be like to go there..... Well, this is as close as i'm ever gunna get."
76561198038224551,Recommended,220200,13397813,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,The Carrot King,"By far one of the best games I've ever play, it's not even done yet. I can fulfill all my space exploration dreams and goals without trying to get into NASA or any of that fancy book learnin nonsense. Explosions+Rockets=Science."
76561198005260268,Recommended,220200,23784633,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,☼Pineapple☼,"270 hours in the game, still can't land on the Mun. 10/10"
,Recommended,220200,17051915,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Pasta Sauce,This game has taught me which side of a rocket should point towards the ground if you want to go to space today. and what happens if that end points towards space.I now work for NASA.
,Recommended,220200,14601523,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Kemo,"It's not exactly rocket science is it?....oh wait, yes it is!Kerbal Space Program is a game about building spacecraft and, unless you're very good at the game, watching them blow up which is currently in Early Access. In KSP you design and build your very own spacecraft/rockets and spaceplanes which you then use as you leave Kerbin to further the scientific knowledge of the humble kerbal. With a vast array of parts at your disposable it's daunting at first, well it's daunting for a while, but once you get the hang of it this game is a blast, especially if you have any interest in astrophysics or aerospace engineering.KSP has four different game modes each of which I will give a brief description of.First off there's sandbox mode. In sandbox mode you have no limitations and most importantly you have access to all of the parts right away, this is the perfect way for new players to get to grips with building and figuring out what works well and how the game works.Next we have scientific mode. In scientific mode you have to generate science points from doing experiments in different places, e.g. the surface of Kerbin or low Kerbin orbit. Science points you earn can then be spent on new technologies in the tech tree which unlock new parts which help you to go to new places to complete more experiments. You begin with few parts which are basic so unlocking new technologies in imperative to progress.Up next is career mode. Career mode is scientific mode but now with money and reputation to worry about. Money is earned by completing contracts, such as putting a part on your rocket and getting it to a certain altitude and then money is spent on parts for your rocket or spaceplane. Reputation is earned by successfully completing contracts, the higher your reputation is the better the contracts you get offered are. However, reputation can be lost through either failing contracts or losing kerbals.Last, and probably least depending on what you like, are the game's pre-made scenarios. Ranging from tutorials on docking to the NASA redirect mission this game mode is what you would expect it to be, just different scenarios to try out, not much to say about this one.+Graphics are pretty nice+Lots of different parts+The building menus are good and building is relatively easy, by easy I mean straightforward to use not easy to make decent vehicles+A number of different planets and moons, each with different appearances and properties+Good controls and useful hotkeys+Good staging setup+Endless possibilities of what you can make, from simple little rockets to huge spacestations in orbit around distant planets+Reasonaly good physics but not perfect (I'll get to that later)+Plentiful explosions+Huge replayability+Great modding community and adding mods is extremely easy+Kerbals are nice little race and you can get attached to the more well known kerbals quite easily (I <3 Jeb)+/-Very basic tutorials, this game really throws you in at the deep end-Immensely steep learning curve, I'm 60+ hours in and I've only recently made it to the Mun (and successfully landed)-The physics and controls for spaceplanes are pretty bad, spaceplanes have clearly been neglected in favour of rocketsVerdict:9An outstandingly good vehicle builder/sandbox game which is perfect for anyone with an interest in space, the related physcis or anyone who likes building vehicles.El K."
76561198196891313,Recommended,220200,23420589,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,SimpleConcept,"So i told myself when i reached 100 hours on this game i would write a review. Well, here i am.So i got this game around summmer 2015, after wanting it for a long time.The game had just left early access and was in beta. (I just want to point out that i am very attatched to this game)I adore this game. Most of my summer was spent playing this. (Before you say that isn't possible, i would like to point out my hours didn't add up as I ran the game from the .exe rather than steam.)I would, and have, recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the feel of success, science, exploration, engineering, space, cute green creatures who you shall become the merciless god of as you stack them on top of each-other and use them as landing gear.The only slightly bad thing about this game is the learning curve. I know the 1.1 update added loads of tutorials, 'cuz the old ones were exeedingly bad, but you will spend around 5 - 10 hours before you can do anything useful. Needless to say though it is worth it, and soon you will conquer the solar system!Or, y'know, just abuse the various bugs the game has... that's cool....Anyway, thanks for reading this review. If it helps someone buy the game, or spread the word, or anything, then i'm glad.-- Simple Concept"
,Recommended,220200,24838088,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sekrit Agent Jokie,I've learned at lot more about space in this game than I did in school.I also kept missing school because I was playing it instead.
,Recommended,220200,34798661,Posted: 7 September,all,🔰⎛⎝Kundentelefon⎠⎞,"Before you start playingthis game you need to know a few things:prograde, retrograde, gravity turn, apoapsis, periapsis, deltaV, TWR, ISP, Tsiolkovsky rocket equation, normal/anti-normal, swing-by, suicide burn, aerobraking(those will really save your a$$), SOI, Oberth maneuver, Kessler syndrome, escape velocity, propellant/payload mass fraction, Karman line, planetary phase angle, ejection angle, launch window, geostationary transfer orbit, geosynchronous orbit, interplanetary transfer, gate orbit, space rendezvous, aerodynamics, SSTO, VTOL, Dzhanibekov effect(Intermediate Axis Theorem), angular momentum, translation force, fluid dynamics, terminal velocity, bernoullis principle(this game even simulates that), g-force, angle of attack, free fall, semi-major axis, LPE/LAN, Newtons 1. 2. and 3. Law of Motion, six degrees of freedom, INS, IMU, RCS, SAS, relative kinematics,and most importantly the Deep Space Kraken!and THEN you can play the game like its intended and enjoy it without randomly trying a bunch of things until it somehow works.And my teacher said I would never need rocket science in my daily life lol"
,Recommended,220200,13936057,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Pipelayer,"Oh boy, this game is definitely worth your money. My Kerbal Space Program story originated over 2 years ago when a friend suggested it and I quickly shrugged it off. I started watching videos, downloaded the demo, got hooked and here I am with over 960 hours and still going in this game. I never run out of things to do. Yes there is a huge learning curve but it is totally worth it. Even with the amount of time I have dedicated to this game I still cannot perfectly perform maneuvers, but what would be the fun in that? The modding community is great, as is the community in general. I have never seen a community so dedicated to ehlping others as the Kerbal community is. Now that the game is in beta I feel like we are a step closer to the final product and i would completely recommend buying this game before it's price continues to increase."
,Recommended,220200,15651393,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,John Smith,>Wanted to reach Mun>Couldn't do it>builded the most ♥♥♥♥ed up spaceship I could imagine out of frustration>worked better than all my other attempts>Crashed into Mun> Happiest moment of my life11/10 would put 28 rhino engines on rocket again
,Recommended,220200,23365165,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,the eyebrow dancer,Oh Kerbin can you hear me?Speed upon the dawnto the plains and blues of the cosmosin the sunWhere home is a bustIn the parish of space dustAnd where the mountains dieand Today is golden
76561198056688253,Recommended,220200,15666401,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MildHavoc,"To begin, I guess I should give a short description: Essentially, KSP is a fairly realistic simulation game where you take control of and guide the nascent space program of a race of small green men and women from a planet named Kerbin. You will build your own vessels, choose your targets for exploration, colonization, scientific endeavor, etc, and blast off for space. The construction system is incredibly robust and fun to use, and, because of the level of customization available, tends to mean that no two ships will ever look or behave exactly alike. There are no food or oxygen or water needs on ships (several mods change this if you want), but the actual mechanics and physics of the game are convincingly accurate, and make for a, while unforgiving, very fun game, because the feedback is extremely consistent. A mistake will kill you EVERY time, unless something hilarious happens (this is actually one of the great parts of playing KSP).I cannot say enough positive things about this game. I purchased this originally in April of 2013, before it was on steam, and only purchased it on steam now that it has officially released. KSP has few goals, and in sandbox mode, it has none, but  goals are not the reason to play KSP. The first time I successfully put a Kerbal in orbit around his home planet, I was dancing around my dorm room, and the first time I landed a Kerbal on the Mun, I felt a sense of accomplishment I have quite literally never felt in a game before. Now, over the course of what must be at least a thousand hours of play, I have built massive colonies on Laythe, the Mun, Minmus, Duna, Eve, and even Ike, I've built huge orbital stations around various planets, and I've even built floating cities in the clouds of Jool and Eve through the use of just a few of the thousands of mods available. I've built resource collection and transport systems including storage, mining, and transport operations. I've explored hundreds of different areas with probes, landers, and vehicles, and yet, to this day, I still play this game at least two to three hours a week, and I'll go on KSP binges several hours long when I think of a new challenge to set for myself. Currently, a friend of mine and I are in a little friendly competition for who can build the most epic Duna colonization project. If you can't tell by now, if you want an 'on rails' game where everything is spoonfed to you, just leave now. This game is most certainly NOT for you. The contract system is honestly only there to give a person inspiration.But if you want a game that throws challenges at you that will test every brain cell you have, and pound your face into the ground mercilessly if you make even the slightest mistake, then KSP is your game. And when you finally put a Kerbal safely on the Mun, you just might understand why so many people write such glowing things about KSP."
,Recommended,220200,12466907,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Black Jesus,Its like NASA but less NASA and more explosions
,Recommended,220200,24816139,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,NaU.Uberjannie,This game made me discover Scott Manley. 10/10 - Would discover Scott Manley again.
,Recommended,220200,29548817,Posted: 28 January,all,Doxel,"Kerbal Space Program is hands down the most fun I have had with a video game in quite a while. The core premise of the game is fairly simple: build some rockets, try to fly them to places. That might sound pretty straightforward, but where Kerbal Space program really shines is in HOW that is done, and how it is done is with SCIENCE. The game perfectly encapsulates one of the best ways of looking at science.I do not know what will happen if X.I guess I should try it and see.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I didn't expect that.[knowledge gained]It really is a hell of an experience, and you can really feel it in full force thanks to the fact that there is very little hand holding in the game. In all liklihood, when you first sit down to play it you WILL mess up. Badly. You will have rockets flip over, burn up in the atmosphere, and explode. You will forget key parts, mess up staging, and accidentally deploy your parachutes at the same time as your engines. You will bolt things together at random because you have no idea what to do, run out of fuel stranded in space, and crash into moons at 2000 m/s. It will be a disaster, but you will keep at it, and eventually you will learn. As your Kerbals gain an understanding of their world and grow, so too will you, and believe me when I say that the feeling of accomplishment is tremendous. When you are flawlessly burning prograde at your apoapsis to circularize your orbit around some god-forsaken rock on the edge of the solar system, you will feel like a colossus bestriding the universe. It will be glorious.I cannot recommend Kerbal Space Program highly enough. Buy this game right now and get started sciencing your way to the stars through a series of horrific explosions."
76561198054678945,Recommended,220200,24869533,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cranius,Not sure if I'm into this game... Need to play a bit more to confirm...
,Recommended,220200,29959838,Posted: 16 February,all,O'reilly Clerk Jonas,-send jeb to the mun-jeb is now stuck on moon due to engine being lower then the gear ( dont you judge me im not an engineer i dont check these things)-sends a rescue ship and forgets to fix the landing gear problem-fixes landing gear problem but lower placed gear causes it to tip from the slightest hill-LAUCHES A ICBM TO DESTROY EVIDENCE OF FAILURE10/10 would play soviet space program again
,Recommended,220200,15006721,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,night,"Hey, you!Yeah, you!Want to... Go tospace?Want to go to space, but accidentally end up going to the ground again, in pieces, get more determined and try again ten times until you can savour a brief victorious moment when you pass the threshold to the technical definition of space? Before the cruel gravity rudely yanks your creation back down towards physics emulated certain doom?Want to ""land"" on a moon? Riddle your equatorial low orbit with tons and tons of debris?Want to feel the bitter-sweet thriller-laced surprise of seeing your heartily built spacecraft perish in ways you never imagined possible, stretching your definition of failure to new horizons?Want to...Unwittingly run out of fuel and get stranded in an orbit painfully close to, yet unreachably far away from your intended destination, forcing you to sporadically architect and implement a quick rescue mission?Only to resignedly succumb to the realization that your newly launched rescue expedition, due to inexplicably unfortunate circumstances, suddenly also finds itself in an immediate and dire need of yet another rescue mission?Accidentally learn orbital and aerodynamic flight mechanics in your desperately frantic efforts not to explode, due to the game covertly being both inspirational and educational?Have your spacecraft buggedly duplicate itself upon loading it, causing the freshly spawned evil twin clone from the dark abyssian realm of the Kraken to physically intersect with the unfortunate original craft, gleefully tearing it apart in a heartbreakingly horrendous show of telefragging, the likes of which you have not seen since playing Quake?Curse your own careless inattention after painstakingly placing a small unmanned lander around an unexplored foreign moon of a newly discovered distant planet, readying it for the final descent stage when you discover that you have mistakenly attached an Argon gas tank to your Xenon gas powered ion engine?Making the engine produce its simultaneously first and last soul tearingly choking sputtering sad noise before dying out, effectively sealing the fate of the lander to forever being an embarrassingly bricked monument to your own dementia?Construct a fragile but vast interplanetary satellite communications network, precipitously vulnerable to periodic catastrophic cascading signal outages due to its many points of failure and lack of redundancy?Pilot unproportionally enormous single staged space-planes all the way to other planets' moons and proceed to land on them in a frivolously flamboyant show of defiance against the confines of practicality, purpose and reason?Want to...Have your very distant, intricate and expensive spacecraft insolently threaten to violently wobble itself apart, for no reason other than purely in protest to all your meticulous and loving efforts of simply having created and cared for it?While the craft wilfully ignores your all blood, sweat and tears from the strife of its arduous journey, as they silently boil away in the cold black emptiness of space?With all the screaming impudence of a small child not having received the perfectly correct nuance of sugary flavour in its strawberry ice cream with colourful hello kitty sprinkles on top?Yeah? Good, then the game is for you!I can promise that you will have surprisingly much fun failing completely and miserably, compared to any other game, while the reward from the challenge of succeeding makes it all the more sweeter when you finally do succeed.10/10, would launch again, for science!"
76561198026328168,Recommended,220200,32301982,Posted: 9 June,all,Pimp_This,"Steepest learning curve in any game I've ever played next to Eve Online from days gone by! Definitely worth sitting down and watching some youtube videos before taking this game on. Scott Manly and other like minded youtubers would have you think they all work for NASA or something (or have just put thousands of hours into Kerbal). Once you figure things out however, the game gets pretty interesting.I think I am beginning to understand perfecting orbits, although much depends on your rocket building skills to include your understanding of things like center of mass, overall weight, thrust to weight ratios and delta V's. I recently put up a satellite into a near perfect circulirized (spelling?) orbit which for me is quite the achievment. Next will be a Mun mission. If you're looking for quick entertainment, get in, get out, have fun kind of game, KSP isn't it! Definitely recommend for the serious thinker."
,Recommended,220200,28618370,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,gnorf,"**i don't want to lie, i did spend 80% of my time playing this trying to crash my giant rocket into the surrounding buidlings.**this game is amazing. in my short time of playing it, i have learned that this game is definitely worth it.if you like physics, get it.if you like space, get it.if you like cool music, get it.if you like exploration, get it.if you like thousands upon thousands of dollars of property damage, get it.if you like airplanes, get it.if you *insert some random other reason that draws people in*, get it.in all seriousness, this game is great. you should get it."
,Recommended,220200,29837782,Posted: 10 February,all,Allahs Pet Donkey,10/10. Made me study Aerospace Engineering. +rep
76561198076276578,Recommended,220200,24465128,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Shrek,After 60 hours:-Can't oribit properly.-Can't get to the mun.-Can't do anything.I love it. 10/10
,Recommended,220200,13231571,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Deovandski,"No review can summarize how unique KSP is! It is one of those games where you need to check the clock once in a while because if you don't, you will be seeing a lot of sunrises... Although mastering the game is a quite the challenge, the rewards are unique as this game will push you to learn several subjects ranging from physics to human values as you will experience Murphy's law in a whole new level."
,Recommended,220200,27384690,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,~* BiZZ Keryear *~,"A game you can easily spend 2000 hours plus onOne of the best games of all times,If you are looking for action,If you are looking for fast game play.... you are completely wrong here.This game is about brains.... and has inspired many people to have a deeper look into (rocket)science or astronomy.Build the Spaceship of your dreams, but bound to the realty of physics and chemistry.And sometimes it can have fast and intense moments, e.g. if you try to land your ship on another (docking on surface) which not only needs well designed ships, but a lot of fast reactions and a high level of precision.But 1320 hours on the Steam clock alone, is speaking for itself(many player have over 1000 hours and most have several hundred at least). My would be higher if I didn't also play it without steam (own also the DRM free EDU version) a lot of times (probably another 1000 hours).And there are still things in this game I haven't done, and still wan't to do.(Next up in my career play through: Catching an asteroid before it is hitting the surface)When the game is too hard for you, then there mods that make things easierSome simply reduce the amount a math you have to do (trial and error only get you so far, so you need math to get where you want),some play parts of the game for you (not a fan of these mods, but some are tired of the launch process and automate it, some of these mods are not too bad, like kOS, which might start an interest in programming)When the game is too easy for you there are mods that makes it harder ...  a lot harder. It astonishes me every time how seemingly little changes can make a huge difference. Like adding in Life support, or a delay in research, rocket build time, and building upgrades.Bored of the stock parts? There are billions of other parts out there.(not much a fan of those either, because only little match the stock varieties, and many are over or under powered).Have a beefy PC? Though the stock game is looking good, there are mods out there that can make it astonishingly pretty. Though it has a huge impact on performance and memory use.and it might make knowlage fun!Looking for a gift that has a chance to get your child / grand child to learn physics and or math?Look no further!Update: It might also be availible in more languages than English, soon. (In case you are not an native English speaker yourself ... as e.g. I am)"
,Recommended,220200,34215246,Posted: 13 August,all,AgentEspurr,Day 1: I made the space center explodeDay 2: I made the space center explodeDay 3: I made the space center explodeDay 4: I learned how to not explode the KSC.Day 5: Parachutes do not work on The Mun.Day 6: Managed to land on the Mun and later realized I left Val on the Mun.Day 7: Burned up in the sun.Day 8: Attemted to land on Jool.M'azin game.
76561198074015239,Recommended,220200,12802654,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hardcore Jadran,"Half flight simulator, half sandbox game and half space exploration; it makes 1,5 and this game counts more than just 1.My best money spend so far.You can explore from purple to green planets, from exploding on launchpad to crashing into sun, for making rockets like nasa, well, flights are less like nasa, your rockets will be more like ''manned cruise missiles''.There's not a single thing that you can cannot explore. I learned a lot about orbits and physics, you'll realy feel like a real space engineer (or an idiot) after playing this game.It is simulator, but not boring simulator like other simulators, it is very exciting in every mission you launch is unique (except routine flights to spacebases).10/10, would buy again if had enough money"
76561198323071854,Recommended,220200,31348617,Posted: 24 April,all,Vcoke27,"If someone said, ""Your rig has enough resources for ONE game, choose wisely. I  would choose this one."
,Recommended,220200,31507518,Posted: 2 May,all,Horatio Dangerfield,i might be too stupid to play this
,Recommended,220200,15574024,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Nvenom,"So im going to give you a short list of the pro's and cons and it will inevitably leave you with a sense of dread if this game is not already in your steam library (Shame on you!)==PRO's==Endless FunInsane Modding CommunityAs complex or as Simple as you wantHas a career mode for those who need goalswhen things go just as you planned you get a giant smile on your face and when then go horribly wrong you get a bigger smile.==CON's==There is only so much in the time in a day to play this game, so if you only have 30 minutes a week to play you might have trouble getting into it. (But you should still buy it to support this awesome game)The game is not free (And it never should be.. buy it!)If you suffer from having only 2 hands and 2 eyes you may find it difficult to control and micro-manage a space research empire (Warp'ers Bewaaaaare)So thats my little list as to why everyone should own this gem of a game."
,Recommended,220200,15841683,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Garrett,Best game ever.  Taught me orbital mechanics better than any teacher ever could.
76561197971086992,Recommended,220200,14679340,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,TomG87,"Every once and a while I'd pick up a new videogame, play it for a few weeks, beat it, then put it down after it was over. That is the general pattern of gamers this day in age, where developers make a game with hopes that the player will get a good 7-8 hours of fun, then leave it satisfied and thirsty for more.Then I heard about a game called Kerbal space program in 2012. I watched the trailers and a few gameplay vids, and thought that this looks interesting enough to try out, maybe I'll get a weeks worth of gameplay out of it... oh boy was I wrong.KSP is an example of how a videogame can change the way you see videogames forever. It is revolutionary, it is inspiring, and it is educational; and it doesn't even have an objective! The player is given an entire solar system to explore via the utilization of their very own space program.It literally is 'Build, Fly , Dream.'No videogame seems to have figured out that the best way to keep a person engaged is to provide them with their OWN goals and the tools to reach them. You start KSP with no instructions, only a small tutorial on how KSP basically works. Then the game lets you do whatever you want. So what do players do? They invent a new challenge for themselves, like to make it into orbit.So the player keeps designing, building, testing and crashing, until they reach their goal. And OH BOY is it satisfying! You feel accomplished, like you've done something unique in your life and want to share it with the world. Then you see the Mun in the background and you say to yourself... ""I wanna go there next!"" So the player builds, tests, fails, retests etc until they get to their goal. This goes on for the rest of your gaming career in KSP.Wanna build a space shuttle? Go ahead! Wanna build a car? Go ahead. Wanna build an elevator? Go ahead. Wanna build ANYTHING you want that actually WORKS via physics, this game lets you. It is the ultimate expression of engineering, creativity and the human spirit.I cannot sing this games praises enough. I picked it up in summer of 2012 and have played it EVERY. SINGLE. DAY since then. And if the stock game becomes too easy... why not try some of the communities mods? Everytime you download a new mod, you basically get a new game with more toys to build and design with.I don't need any other game other than this one. Thank you Squad for reinvigorating my hope in videogames!10/10 and it's not even finished yet!Bravo!"
,Recommended,220200,32476087,Posted: 16 June,all,Citybuild122,One of the best games every played. Let's hope Take Two doesn't ♥♥♥♥ it up.
76561198064474122,Recommended,220200,15695296,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,dunbaratu,"Kerbal Space Program version 1.0.2.  I've been playing the early access game for over 2 years, but now that it became official I thought I'd write a review.  My review is very positive.   (But see the caveat about version 1.0 below at the bottom).(Full disclosure: I don't work for SQUAD but I do help write one of the mods for the game, so I am personally invested in this.)Get This Game.  For once a sci-fi game that is actual sci-fi and not science fantasy.  It doesn't insult the intelligence of the player, and it speculates what-if, in a relatively reasonable way, only breaking a few laws of physics here and there where needed for gameplay, rather than breaking ALL of them constantly like most space video games do.Kerbal Space Program as history:Although the solar system in the game is artificially smaller than would realistically be possible (so it doesn't take as long to get things done as it really would), it still has all the parts and the right places to emulate historical real-world space programs.  Don't be fooled by the cute derpy-looking Kerbals - you can use the game to see what it would be like to emulate historical actual space missions - space stations in low orbit, docking maneuvers, performing an Apollo-style ""Mun"" landing, send rover probes to ""Duna"" (which is Mars-like), and so on.  All from gluing together parts and having fun.(And if you really want to go all-out, there are user community mods out there that replace the game's solar system with the real thing, so you can really try these missions out in full size).Kerbal Space Program as a 'tycoon' style game:If you like the old style 'tycoon' games where you have to come up with a means of keeping your business afloat and research new technologies to do interesting things as you move on to bigger and more ambitious projects, then Kerbal Space Program Career Mode is for you.  Start up a new game, pick ""career mode"", set Normal or Easy difficulty (do NOT use Hard until you've played a while), and you'll have the fun of trying to balance funding (for making better space center buildings, and for making the rockets themselves), reputation (for making future offers you see be better for you), and science points (for buying your way up the tech tree).  Accept contracts, and try to fufill them cheaply so your space agency makes money from them to fund the other stuff you want to do.   Don't fail them or else you'll lose funds and rep for it.Kerbal Space Program as a mod platform:From it's early access days, a user community of modders has grown, such that you can do just about anything you can think of with the game.  As of this writing, because KSP 1.0.2 is relatively new, some of those mods won't work just yet, but they will after only a week or two.  If past use is anything to go by that's about how long it takes for the modders to catch up to a new release.  As Steam is not the only means of obtaining the game, and not even the first means of obtaining it, the company, SQUAD, has chosen not to support Steam Workshop for mods due to the way it would open up the chance for people to make Steam-only mods that would be unfair to those who bought the game in its early days and supported the company before the game was even on Steam.  I support this decision, but it does mean you'll have to take a few extra steps to find the mods and install them.  Look up ""KSP"" oncurse.comand look forKerbalstuff.com.  most mods are in both places.Kerbal Space Program as ""edutainment"":The game is quite educational, but in that good sneaky fun way, where you don't realize you're learning - you're just trying to get stuff done in the game and in so doing learning stuff along the way.  If you've got a teenager or pre-teen at home, give this to them.  It does something that is really hard to do - it *demonstrates* though gameplay how a mathematical concept works, visually, without revealing the actual formulas, in such a way that the hard math can come *after* the intuitive understanding.  Usually what makes math hard is that the understanding and 'feel' can't happen until *after* you understand the numbers.  But here, it lets you play with the phenomenon first, and understand it later after its behavior has becomine intuitive to you, rather than the other way around.Get. This. Game.A caveat:My review refers to the 1.0.2 version of KSP and emphatically NOT to the 1.0 initial release that came out a week before and had a critical re-entry bug.  Had I written the review about the 1.0 version, it would not have been as kind.  The 1.0 release was rushed by about a week.  The 1.0.2 release from a week later was MUCH better, and is probably what should have been the 1.0 release.R.E. The KSP 1.0 re-entry bug:  You may read reviews by people complaining about re-entry being broken when 1.0 game out.  Those reviews weren't wrong *at the time* they were written.  KSP 1.0 was rushed out with a re-entry bug that was very unfair, and importantly, really obvious so it's hard to imagine how they missed it.  Adding a heat shield actually *caused* the ship to blow up on re-entry because adding it made the vessel flip nose-first, rendering the heat shield worse than useless as a part.  If you see reviews complaining about this behavior, be aware that they are stale and referring to an old version."
76561197966072156,Recommended,220200,21599156,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,panzerkraken,I've spent a little time with the game and feel that it's worth playing.
,Recommended,220200,26822537,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,chuckie001,"Merciless physics.Humorous presentation.Always something more to try, discover or design.Active development.Tons of mods.Awesome community.Great game. :-)"
,Recommended,220200,14885952,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jmh1000,If I was in charge of Nasa everyone would be dead by now.
76561198067944977,Recommended,220200,13622048,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Diamondback,"You think you understand space until you discover that shooting a rocket straight up doesn't lead to orbit, at all.Buy it."
76561197970632001,Recommended,220200,29985910,Posted: 17 February,all,Sangmin,"It's okay for a couple hours.*Update*So, all jokes aside, I felt like it would be good to give this review a little more effort to make it more useful for people considering the game.This is a game I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to anyone who has interest in space or exploration. You will learn how NASA and other space agencies perform maneuvers such as orbital rendezvous and Hohmann transfer orbits. Unlike some games that have been claimed to ""have potential"", this is a game where you discover YOUR OWN potential for planning and finding creative ways to accomplish tasks.Vehicle construction works like Legos and is very intuitive. The modding community is HUGE and there are lots of tools that make designing the perfect vehicle easier, such as delta v and thrust to weight ratio calculations. This sounds educational, and it is, but it is incredibly fun and gives an immense sense of accomplishment when you learn how to reach your next milestone. The feeling of landing on another celestial body the first time is an unparalleled sense of satisfaction.This is Early Access done right. The game is fantastic and has infinite replayability. This is the most bang (literally) for your buck you will get out of any game.In the words of Scott Manley, ""Fly safe."""
,Recommended,220200,16551781,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Makie,Spent 150 hours sending a kerban into the sun.10/10 would do again
76561198201448875,Recommended,220200,32844161,Posted: 26 June,all,LuckyLachlan2004,"Kerbal Space Program. One of the best sims and game ever to hit the steam store. There is so much to do and I've only got 200hrs and I have only scratched the surface. The physics and aerodynamics are fascinatingly realistic although I hate it when the kraken decides to mess up your spacecraft. I would recommend this game to anyone even if your not a fan of space you can just mess around. The controls are rather easy to get a hang of but using those perfectly takes time, effort and (mostly) persistance. In conclusion I think this game is well worth it and you should get it right away."
,Recommended,220200,16817351,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,SirPlatypus,"PROs""You have a solar system, a box of rocket parts and a race of suicidal green men who love exploring and explosion and your mission is to help them.""Rocket science made easy: KSP is the easiest way to understand and learn about everything space related, from designing and building rockets or planes to orbital mechanics, docking and rendezvous and the means of traveling to other celestial bodies.An overwhelming depth: Let's be honest - your first attempt at launching a rocket will be disastrous and you won't go anywhere even close to space. But from failures you will learn, to arise from the ashes and achieve more and more greater stuff. Soon you will be on your first suborbital-trajectory, have your first Kerbal astronaut in space and so on and so on; and yet you have no clue of the possibilities that await you. But with logic and lots of explosions (trial&error seems to be a leading motive at the Kerbal Space Center) you will always advance somehow.Be rewarded for your achievements: KSP does not have integrated achievements that tell you what virtual master piece of a task you just completed, and yet everything you accomplish feels more fulfilling than it ever felt before. You are behind the success or failure of whatever you do.A humorous touch: Very early in the game you will realize that those small green guys (that are somehow in the fashion of the minions of Despicable Me) you command are very keen to progress in their space program. They are also a little bit clumsy and as you can imagine the combination results in a lot of explosion, but Kerbals like nothing more than explosions and therefore failure will never feel devastating.A devouted developer: Squad, who is responsible for KSP, is working hard to improve their game continiously. What started years ago in an early alpha version of the game has developed contionously and even now, after the official release, there is a steady flow of updates, additions and fixes. Similar to Skyrim the game is easily moddable and has a tremendous amount of mods that are easily installable and often high-quality.CONs""We're gonna need a rescue mission""You will lose: This game is definitely no game that guides you from A to Z like many other newer games do, and on your journey there will be loss of material - parts, rockets and Kerbals. But this is just part of the experience and the process of learning. The in-game tutorials offer you a sufficient start and if you further want to increase your knowledge and limits there is always the possibility to watch videos or read guides - both of those are out there in great quality!"
,Recommended,220200,16293416,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Axonium,"I've only had this game for a month and I've already logged over 50 hours into it. Kerbal Space Program is NOT simply a game about building rockets, launching them, and seeing where they go. Its tagline is ""Conquering Space Was Never This Easy"", and that is true, it is easy, compared to doing it in real life. But don't let it fool you- KSP actually has a pretty steep learning curve. In the month that I've had this game, I've only just gotten my first satellite into orbit of Kerbin (KSP's version of Earth). I haven't even gotten to a single moon or other planet. But don't let that deter you. Look up tutorials for the game (Side note- The in-game tutorials are actually pretty terrible. I recommend finding ones online, such as Scott Manley's, who does a great job of explaining how the game works). The sense of accomplishment you get when you do accomplish those tasks- even if it's just setting up a simple probe like I did- is phenomenal. And from what I've seen, once you do manage to master the game, you can do basically anything. Never give up.All in all, Kerbal Space Program is not just a game. It's a lifestyle.10/10"
76561197978775486,Recommended,220200,23968254,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sir Robert,"I bought this game after trying the demo and having a lot of fun with it.  I've played KSP off an on for a few years. The game has a very active mod-making fan base and this opens up a lot of new avenues for play.  My best review of this game is anecdotal.  (I sent this to a friend when I was only a few hours into play.  I had no mods installed and was still very much learning the basics. Anyone who plays KSP might find this story relatable.)""One of my test flights put 3 Kerbals into orbit. They were low on fuel so I did a retrograde burn to bring them home.  Except that I didn't do a retrograde burn, I did a prograde burn.  By the time I realized it, I had burned too much fuel to get them home.  I reduced their orbit as much as possible, even using all available monopropellant from the thrusters.   They were stuck in an elliptical orbit over 100km from the surface at their lowest point.  With no way to return to the surface under their own power, I had one option; a rescue mission.I built a new ship, one with sufficient fuel to achieve orbit and maneuver to intercept the lost ship which I dubbed ""Lost Eagle.""  Lost Eagle had been fitted with docking collar and I guess that was just fate because it was now my goal to use that in the rescue effort.   The rescue craft went through several iterations and multiple aborted attempts at rescue.  The final design of the craft contained a single seat cockpit and a 4 seat hitchhiker pod which was used for it's relatively low weight.  This would end up being the ultimate design flaw.   It was my goal to grab the 3 stranded crew members, and transfer the rescue pilot to the pod before re-entry.Docking is hard.  I would say impossible but I've seen videos of people doing it and I know it can be done.   But despite many hours and multiple misses. I had got Rescue 1 and Lost Eagle lined up next to each other about 200 meters away.  I closed enough distance that I felt it would be close enough to 'jump.'The first crew member from Lost Eagle jumped from his old ship to the new one.  It went pretty smoothly, but in the process the ships drifted further apart.  I did a corrective burn on Rescue 1 to get them closer together and jumped the second crew member.  Success again.   1 left.   He jumped, this time from the furthest gap.   He too arrived successfully.  I felt a rush of success, a feeling of accomplishment frequently lost in today's video games.    Plenty of fuel for the retro burn.   They were coming home.  This process had taken hours and this was the payoff that would make it worth while.The design of the re-entry craft was basically a can that held 4 crew with 4 radial parachutes coupled to a single seat inline cockpit with a shielded docking collar on the tip.  She wasn't pretty, but she was light and efficient.  The plan was to transfer the pilot to the reentry craft before they hit atmosphere, but I had discovered that I couldn't deploy the parachutes from the re-entry craft.  It was a problem I had known about since earlier iterations of the craft but I was willing to work around the problem by deploying the chutes without decoupling the cockpit.  The whole thing still landed successfully in my tests.At 5000m above the surface, having survived re-entry. I pressed the spacebar to activate the chutes.   I don't know if I double tapped it or if I had just had my staging backwards, but when I hit the space bar the cockpit split off from the hitchhiker can.  Knowing full well that there was nothing I could do to save the pilot of Rescue 1 I watched in horror for a second as it hurtled to the ground with no possibility of survival.  I quickly switched to the other part of the ship.  I tried manually clicking on the parachutes to deploy them.  The hitchhiker module contains nothing but chairs.  No controls that could be used to deploy the chutes.  Again I watched in horror as the 3 rescued kerbals hurtled towards their doom, the exile in orbit seeming to be safe alternative to the instantaneous death that awaited them at hundreds of meters per second.The game would have let me revert to the launch of the mission, or even the assembly area where I could have redesigned the rescue craft that had doomed these 4 brave kerbals.  I chose not to.  I was angry at myself for the mistake. I had invested so much time into this and laziness had prevented me from fixing what I knew was a flawed design.  The empty ship, Lost Eagle remains in its orbit a floating monument and constant reminder to any Kerbal that looks up, that taking the easy path or acting haphazardly can have terrible results.  I will be reminded of this every time I play the game."""
,Recommended,220200,15647772,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Hawkwing,"There are very few things that are so good that everyone should at least try them.KSP is among the top of that list, regardless of your age."
76561198103312507,Recommended,220200,33846841,Posted: 27 July,all,Urbantea,The only game on the Steam Market that displays my sheer incompetence in the form of explosions. 10/10
76561198012248809,Recommended,220200,16784858,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,mad_gustlik,"It's like LEGO with EXPLOSIONS!If that's not enough for you, I don't know what is."
,Recommended,220200,15586370,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,NotHonkyTonk,Its pretty good
76561197994366863,Recommended,220200,11138450,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Ｓｃｏｒｐｉ,I finally found the hidden Restaurant at the Mun- Sadly there was no Atmosphere at all.
76561198070758306,Recommended,220200,13536372,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Full Metal Autism,I now know which career path I should probably avoid.
,Recommended,220200,34408385,Posted: 21 August,all,boof_bonser,"The best video games, in my opinion, have 3 features: they are fun, they are replayable, and they are educational. This game fits that criteria better than almost any other I've played.Whether you just want to shoot some froggies into space, build a complex space exploration program, or teach a science class--this game can do it all, and will keep you coming back for more and more. And best of all, you learn about the physics of our solar system and orbital mechanics, all while having a blast. I really can't recommend it enough. Just buy the game already! It's not rocket science!Oh. Right. It is rocket science."
76561197992261144,Recommended,220200,31444769,Posted: 29 April,all,mr10x10stonecorridor,"After 1000 hours of playing, I have planets yet to visit, places to still explore and station upgrades to make.I think of the tech tree as the tutorial, introducting parts and concepts at your pace. Once the tree is done, the real game beings. Just getting 100% exploration of of your home & its two moons is a great achievement and dozens of hours of play, and to do well you'll want to have communication satellites and space stations pieced together over multiple launches, a small maneuveable lander, a heavy mining lander for fuel, or maybe even a mobile surface base that does it all but creeps slowly across the surface on solar power... once in place you use them and explore each area as a mission itself. Then take those lesons and do it again on an interplanetary mission with different gravity and different atmospheres.Throw in the career mode and now you're doing the whole thing with budget considerations.Its a beautiful game, easy to play and maybe impossible to master. It is my favorite game, and has been since early access.10/10"
,Recommended,220200,18091503,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Kirk,I like it.
,Recommended,220200,15595502,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,[MLT] Corporal Punishment,Have I played enough? Definitely not.
76561198122976368,Recommended,220200,16704896,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Schloop,I feel like a criminal for only paying $17 for this while it was on sale in early access. Fantastic game.
,Recommended,220200,13360598,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Dra3K,Taught me orbital mechanics10/10
,Recommended,220200,13334828,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,RenegadeAK,"I'll never forget what my estranged father said to me when he saw me playing KSP.That's pretty cool...yeah.Thanks Dad. Here look, you can see the orbit'speriapsis....dad?Oh, bye..."
,Recommended,220200,32896113,Posted: 27 June,all,Le Possion,like NASA but easier.
,Recommended,220200,22815868,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DefconC4,"Normal People: Fail or SuccessSuccessful People: Fail, Fail, Fail, then SuccessKSP Players: Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail,Fail, Fail, Fail,Fail, Fail, Fail,Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Fail, Success, Fail, Fail, Fail."
76561198022259529,Recommended,220200,15571593,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,AnarchyMustang,I definitely recommend this game. Awesome building a rocket and then getting into orbit the first time. And the modding community is great. This game is definitely in my TOP 5 of all time.
,Recommended,220200,12964384,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Uncle Howie,A very small price to pay for a lifetime of entertainment.
,Recommended,220200,31226583,Posted: 18 April,all,skitzafit,More fun than it has any right to be.
76561198100043828,Recommended,220200,24732689,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,M1_A4_Abrams,1 hour in: Bookmarked useful orbital manuvers...10 hours in: Put sitcky note reminders on screen...50 hours in: Doodled rocket designs on the back of any avalibe piece of paper...100 hours in: Drew the Kebin system on desk for mission planning...200 hours later: Wrote mission plans and equations on walls...10/10 Would deface walls again.
76561198103927477,Recommended,220200,20304382,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,TinselCoffee,"Me and my friends take this game way to seriously. Practically had a functioning mission control room durring a LAN party.Came to the point where our first successful touch-down on the mun felt like we won the lottery. It was amazing.This is a great game for anyone looking for:1: A fun simulator and not the boring ones that drag on2: A great way to channel creativity and problem solving3: Something to feel proud aboutGreat game, was once unsure about the price tag but looking back I wouldn't change a thing. Give it a try."
76561197970805958,Recommended,220200,25621325,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Magos Tul'Koth,"As goofy as the game seems, you will NOT find a more in depth and accurate space flight simulation out there yet.At first, it's fun to build explosive and cobbled together monstrosities to launch into space and send crashing back to the ground, but then you learn the basics. Then suddenly a successful Mun landing becomes a point of pride and the next planet over becomes your new goal.The career mode starts you with simple parts, to be expanded through scientific discoveries and contractual financial incentives.Jebediah recommends this game to anyone worth their salt in a tin can floating among the stars."
,Recommended,220200,22992155,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,PTMWei,BETTER THAN PORN 10/10
76561198055600073,Recommended,220200,18447025,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,SentientTuna,How I first plotted to go to moon.1: Build a rocket (failure)2: Build a bigger rocket (failure)3: Build chains of larger rockets towering over each other (failure)What have I learned from this game?I am good at killing kerbals.
76561198142258735,Recommended,220200,30324105,Posted: 4 March,all,Britonix,"Send a crew of 4 kerbonauts to Duna.Realize you fogot to empty oxidizer for the nuclear engine.Realize you cannot aerobrake if your solar panels are not retractable.Realize you are already half way and there is no coming back.Aerobrake sideway to preserve one solar panel.When in stable orbit realize you will get a gravity assist from Ike.Decide that the lander has three minutes down, we are taking that assist!Quickest landing and lift up I have ever done there.Run after your main vessel for literally three months around Kerbol, the sun.Finally dock back with 13 fuel left on the lander.Get a close encounter with Kerbin with 50 fuel left in total.Just before entering the atmosphere, realize you forgot to repack the parachutes.Get your engineer back in the ship literally at the moment of re-entry.Touch the ground.Finally inhale.10/10 would hold my breath for two hours again.Only thing that would have been better is if I had thought about putting the Interstellar docking team full power."
76561198058300124,Recommended,220200,7800356,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Maverick,"A sandbox in space shouldn't technically be possible so the career mode may suit you better.If building massive rockets with a belligerent and indifferent attitude to gravity, maths and science is your thing you can do that.You might want to create sophisticated engineering marvels with all kinds of equations about dV, TWR.Discover boffin level science and pretend to be cool as the family wonders why you're counting backwards, loudly? Prefer to be a nerd on steroids?Maybe watching little green Kerbals grinning stupidly as you perform amazing feats of...... crashing is your thing. Perhaps planning a 3 day serious rescue mission to collect said crashed Kerbals is even better.Lack of knowledge about rockets, gravity, physics is helpful. Comprehensive knowledge about rockets, gravity, physics is also helpful.Only your imagination can stop you!  Oh, and gravity, fuel shortages, poor orbital transects, hard surfaces and bad designs.If you know what Skylab was, what Voyager is and you are fully aware that ISS is not some new FPS shoot-em-up, Kerbal Space Program is for you."
,Recommended,220200,14261200,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The Core,"This game will teach you more about physics than any bloody school.Starting off, my ships all exploded on the launchpad. Eventually, though I managed to get a ship to 10.000 meters up in the air before it fell back on the ground, killing everyone within. ''That'', I thought, ''was the greatest thing I have ever done.''Fast forward a week or two later, and I have already mastered orbiting, have landed on the Mun, Duna and Eve and am ready to set up my first refueling space stacion and send a rover to Duna.This game pumps more adrenaline into my veins than any FPS out there, and is probably the most rewarding game I have ever played. Landing your first ship will make you jump, I promise you that.The only downside is that there are some fairly annoying glitches, for example, warping time in atmosphere ♥♥♥♥s your ship up badly, but they don't appear all that often.Definetly a must buy."
,Recommended,220200,15592815,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bagel,"Kerbal Space Program, AKA ""One Thousand Ways to Definitely NOT build a rocket.""Coming from a physicist, I love this game, and all of my physics/math/CS/engineering friends love it too.  Granted that's a pretty narrow selection of people, but judging from all the other good reviews, I'd say our opinions reflect the general consensus.You should buy this game.  Then you should go tell everyone you know about it.  Then maybe public opinion on space exploration will get a bit of a nudge back toward where it belongs."
,Recommended,220200,12861866,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Nalicow,"At this point I have dumped 445 hours into this game, and I don't regret a single minute of it. I absolutely love this game even though I can still be considered bad at it. But that is exactly why this game is fun. No matter how good you get someone else will show you something simple and it will just massively expand gameplay options for you. I would recommend this game to anyone that has any interest in space travel. As far as I'm concerned this game does it the best."
,Recommended,220200,14205059,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ShortCircuit,Love this game. Worth every penny. Invested in it back near 0.14 i think?????And it has come so far. Not only is this just an awesome vanilla game but the modding community make this a 5 stare  game (3.5-4 star without modding)If you can dream it up you can make it....it just may not fly lol
,Recommended,220200,14766257,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,DynoMac,"1) Made first rocket. didn't know Bob was aboard. Crashed, no parachute. Bob survived.2) Second rocket had parachute. Parachute deployed when rocket took off. Lots of pretty corkscrew contrails in the sky. Rocket crashed. Bob survived.3) Third rocket was a repeat of second rocket. Still hadn't learned.4) Fourth time everything worked and Bob still survived.5) Several rockets later I reached low orbit. Beautiful!6) Enjoying the game very much."
,Recommended,220200,30065256,Posted: 20 February,all,Blunder Sunder,"I consider KSP a staple of my collection - and one of my favourite games of all time. One of the first (maybe the first) games I backed as an early access project, before that was even really a thing.If you love to build, simulate and generally enjoy space - then you'll enjoy KSP. The building is fantastic, and there's a healthy modding community that make it all the better.There are things I don't like about it though. I think that it could be prettier. I think that the UI could be slicker. Generally it could do with more polish. I'm OK with the fact that it's a fantasy (for want of a better term) setting, it's probably a better game for it, but it won't be for everyone. I know I'd prefer Elite Dangerous meets KSP - but had that been the ambition it'd likely have fallen short - maybe KSP 2 :)"
,Recommended,220200,34758691,Posted: 5 September,all,RayneDoesStuff,"Considering the fact that my pc cant run most games but it can run kerbal, I would already reccommend it.  Then comes the fact that the gameplay and graphics are amazing.  Overall, this game has won me over."
76561198181169455,Recommended,220200,32058344,Posted: 30 May,all,ChromeCaptain04,Thank you. This game helped me to get a university degree in astro-physics
,Recommended,220200,13136657,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Kari,"This is seriously a fantastic simulator. I've spent entire days lost in it.It says Early Access, but it's worth every penny in its current state.By god just buy it."
76561198069576895,Recommended,220200,20505813,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ComradeTingy,This game...Day 1: I'll buy itDay 2: so parachutes fire at the same time as engines? huhDay 3: Oh thats how you stageDay 4: There are other planets?Day 5: ill go to mars!Day 6: how do i orbit?Day 7: i killed all my kerbals.Day 8: *leaves game*Day 45: You can get new dudes?!?!?Present date: MOD IT TILL IT BREAKS!!!
76561198028054478,Recommended,220200,26339464,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,larry_walsh,"This game is my favorite ever. Each new achievement was a huge thrill - it was such a rush when I actually achieved orbit for the first time, actually managed to land on the Mun (in one piece) for the first time - each small victory was a big thrill. Only downside is there's a big learneidn curve, and yes, the game is very challenging.I'd strongly recommend this game!"
76561198015491147,Recommended,220200,13226652,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Colbowski,"One of those rare games that make you feel like YOU accomplished something.  The first time I managed to land on the Mun was amazing, the first time I made it home after landing on the Mun is an achievement I will remember forever!Ultimately the game still isnt finished yet...... but still really really good in sandbox mode, BUY IT!"
,Recommended,220200,1198266,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,IrresponsibleCaptNathan,"This game is nothing short of amazing.While seemingly simple at first, the game quickly shows how much it has to offer. There is a whole solar system for you to discover, planets to land on (and attempt a return from) in the stock game, and with a large and active modding base, the combinations for rocket types and adventures are endless. The game also gives you a far better appreciation of the difficulties, challenges and indeed triumphs of actual space programs, past and present. From various types of custom built rockets, space planes, space stations, and installations on other worlds that can be constructed, Kerbal reminds us how good games can be, and is a game that will definitely not leave you disappointed and keep you coming back for more and more, as the amount of sleep you get dwindles away."
,Recommended,220200,26265409,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Yeley,"Very fun game, you can either: Mess around and make silly contraptions, or you can be full on NASA and have to do everything correctly.I really reccomend KSP, because I've had a great time playing and messing around on it."
76561198054732630,Recommended,220200,31687611,Posted: 11 May,all,Alohaman1618,who knew it takes such careful planning to send stuff to space?
,Recommended,220200,25602928,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Juan Wailyem,"""Kerbin, We have a problem...""-Bill Kerman in the command pod next to Jeb, who opened the hatch during re-entry.First of all, I played this game for a LONG time, way before the 1.0 release (not on steam, no)To be honest, the is probably the best game I ever played in my whole life. I mean, I'm an astronomy nerd for almost 9 years and trust me... This is real space travelling. This game will entertain you for the rest of your life and if you like astronomy/airplanes or looking at a star during night at all, this game can't go wrong. This game allows you to play in 3 different modes and the ultimate goal is to explore different bodies and complete researches. However, the 3 different levels has their own way of fun too. So, the basic mechanic of the game is you put together a craft in ANYWAY you want and with ANY PARTS you want! Then, you do the calculations for a specific mission (or not). They you fly it! You can build a plane and fly around, or build a rocket to go visit the different planets and the moons in the system! You can actually do anything you want in the game, capture and asteriod, dock to make a station or go mining on the Mun. So, learn REAL rocket science by starting this game!Now...11/10 would complete a Jool all-moon landing mission and forget to bring parachute when going back to kerbin12/10 would attach a solid booster to a VTOL13/10 would unorbit a space station that I built for 10 month just to see the solar panels snap14/10 would spend 200 hours of the game calculating and design a ship so that it will glich through Jool15/10 would spend 2 hours trying to make a kerbal dance on the Narrow-Band Scanner (you can do that)16/10 would blast a kerbal with a kerbodyne engine to let it fly17/10 would script edit and make the sperators have 10,000,000 ejection force and name it ""velocity injector""18/10 would slingshot around all the moons in Jool and glich through Jool, launching yourself at 5,144,255,345m/s19/10 would build an aircraft carrier then attach a F22 to it and build a aircraft catapult using the ""velocity injector"" (it crashed, the plane, not the game!)20/10 would 9/11 the VA... I mean nothing21/10 will play kerbal for the rest of my life!Now, with the new update of 1.2, new communication networks and etc. The game got even better and even cheaper! So, with the 1.2 update, IT'S WORTH YOUR 23 BUCKS! And I think I made myself LOUD AND CLEAR!haha... okay... get it?"
,Recommended,220200,23274150,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,TheConfidentGamer,Using Hyperedit I successfully:Crashed Kerbin into Jool.Using the BDarmoury I successfully:Destroyed the space center.Using Rockets I successfully:Killed thousands of Kerbals.Using Alcohol I successfully:learned not to drink and rocket science.Reviewing Kerbal Space Program I successfully:Reviewed Kerbal Space Program.11/10 would drink and rocket science again.
,Recommended,220200,24009375,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,duncanathan,Still haven't successfully returned from anywhere but Minmus and the Mun.RIP Jebediah IRIP Jebediah IIRIP Jebediah IIIRIP Jebediah IVRIP Jebediah VRIP Jebediah VIRIP Jebediah VIIRIP Jebediah VIIIRIP Jebediah IXRIP Jebediah XRIP Jebediah XIRIP Jebediah XII - Jebediah MMMMCMLXVII10/10
76561198005069670,Recommended,220200,15986877,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Gilmer,"You know, when I first saw this game way back in early access, I thought, ""Cartoony, throw away game, not worth the effort."" But, then I researched a little, and watched a couple of episodes on youtube detailing game play.I was more than intrigued. I bought the game in what was called early access beta, but it was already pretty polished. I think that was in versions .6 or so?I became OK and landed on Mun and Minimus several times. Many, many times, actually, and maxed out science just by going to Mun and Minimus and getting every biome.But, then I set the game aside. I didn't want to be burned out on it before it actually left Beta. I recently returned and almost ragequit. Many things have changed. Everything I thought I knew, I had either forgotten or didn't work anymore.I have played it a lot the last few days. I have had a lot of successes and a lot of failures, but I am essentially back to where I was before I quit. The learning curve is pretty steep. Do you want to just fly out of the atmosphere? Fairly easy to figure out. Do you want to fly to one of the moons, land, and then take off with the expectation of getting back to Kerbin (Kerbal's Earth)? It's going to take a lot more knowledge.I do recommend this game, but I have to agree with someone else. Unless you're an engineer by nature, you're probably going to need help at some point, because this game is not a child's game. It is tough, but rewarding.I try not to look at too much on youtube because I don't want to spoil it for myself, but I am to the point that it is going to take a drastic rethinking of what I'm doing, or I am going to need to watch tutorials to get anywhere out of Kerbin's orbit and get back safely. I sent an unmanned probe to Duna (basically Kerbin's Mars). I was not able to bring it back. Thankfully, no Kerbals were killed on that adventure.Yes, I'd say get this game. If you see it on sale, then grab it immediately. I guess I have put 170 hours in to it. I'll probably put thousands into it before it is all over."
76561197981981061,Recommended,220200,15575530,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Roadkill Eatin' Hick,"This game is worth twice the asking price!If you're into science, learning, or just watching stuff explode, this game is for you!Pros:1. Lots to do! You have an entire solar system and it's all yours to explore2. One of the best communities around3. Many greatr mods which BTW are very easy to install. Most of them you simply drop the mod folder into the Gamedata folder and presto!4. You will sink many, many fun filled hours into this game.Cons:1. Steep learning curve2. Can be frustrating from time to time3. You will sink many, many fun filled hours into this game."
,Recommended,220200,15653890,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,SniperPool,"Step 1. Build a rocketStep 2. Launch rocket, only to realize that you didn't put fuel on your shipStep 3. Get fuel, set to launch. The thruster you chose is too weak to move your rocketStep 4. Get a ton of boostersStep 5. Rocket leaves launch pad, booster overheats, blows up entire shipStep 6. Re-evaulate entire game now that you have killed Jeb and realize that you will never have another Badass KerbalStep 7. Reset and repeatBest rocket blowing up/personnel management game 2015 10/10"
76561197971724802,Recommended,220200,25004535,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"Kerbal Space Programis a deceptively dense game hiding behind the cute green Kerbals that populate this space-age world. In Career mode you’re given a basic NASA-like facility. Buildings include Vehicle Assembly, Tracking Station, Mission Control, and a launch site that’s little more than a slab of concrete.Money is earned by accepting various missions, such as providing an orbital touring service, testing out new engine parts, and reaching the Mun. You can earn Science credits by succeeding in missions and using certain devices. Science is spent on a tech tree that unlocks advanced parts and components.A bunch of scenarios provide interesting challenges to work through, like returning a Kerbal from the Mun safely. There’s a ton of gameplay and replay value packed in.The heart ofKerbal Space Programlies in the Vehicle Assembly Building. The builder is intuitive and fun to snap together. You need to take heed of where all your parts go, and how your ship will steer. Decouplers eliminate empty engines and spare parts. Engines can be tweaked to carry a certain amount of fuel. Each device is activated through a staging sequence by pressing the spacebar before and during flight.Kerbal Space Programisrocket science. While the learning curve is rather steep, what the game sets out to do, it does extremely well.THE GOOD- Limitless creative freedom- Well designed, challenging career mode- Unbelievably impressive attention to detail- Incredible sense of satisfaction- Rewards persistence- Kerbals are hilariousTHE BAD- Mass amounts of information- A bit overwhelming at times- Default text size too small- Various camera modes can lead to nausea- A few graphical glitches9/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT |AMAZING| MASTERPIECE"
76561198032074760,Recommended,220200,15172935,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,narlynarf,I cried when I landed on the Mun for the first time.Greattest thing ever.
76561198178470219,Recommended,220200,31120829,Posted: 13 April,all,ZeeZoo,a game that you can't get bored while you are playing itit could be more exciting if- space telescope- ground telescope- human settlement- ability to build anywhere in the planetwhere available
,Recommended,220200,32906698,Posted: 27 June,all,Corey,Dont even need to go to school anymore
76561197977113437,Recommended,220200,14516290,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Tigger,"I put off Buying this ""game"" (Its so educational!) for months and months........What was i thinking!?!?Years of fun to be had! Steep learning curve, but totally worth it!Not many games are as ""Overwhemingly Positive"" as this - and with good reason.If your interested in Space / Rockets / Engineering or if you just fancy a challenge (Or blowing stuff up!!) Its a must buy!I owe the countless Kerbals ive sent to their deaths a 10/10."
,Recommended,220200,13379789,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,sIx,"So much fun. If you like testing ideas and having fun with science, then this is your game."
,Recommended,220200,28815582,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,scally wag⁴,"OverviewUtterly fantastic space simulation game. I cannot recommend this game enough, it has brought me hours of fun and has really managed to enable me to rediscover my personal passion for space exploration.There are three main game modes: Career, Science, and Sandbox.In Career mode you take control of your own space program and must manage administrative, financial, and logistical aspects of your space program. There is a detailed research system for unlocking new technologies to use in your spacecraft. You will take contracts from various organizations, earning money upon completion. These contracts will get progressively more challenging and rewarding as you advance your space program.In Science mode you are free from the financial and administative burdens of career mode but are still faced with having to research technology for your spacecraft. You progress along the tech tree by performing various science experiments on your home planet and various other celestial bodies, with experiments performed in more distant and challenging environments granting more beneficial rewards.In Sandbox mode you are free to build and explore whatever you like and are not limited by any tech tree or financial limits.Positive Aspects+In-dept and accurate space simulation with realistic physics and particularly noteworthy orbital mechanics.+Very challenging and rewarding gameplay.+Wide variety of celestial bodies to explore.+Ability for player to choose from a selection of pre-built spacecraft or construct their own using a very intricate construction system featuring a large variety of parts to choose from.+Features unmanned probes aswell as spacecraft piloted by Kerbals.+Optional communications system for unmanned probes which require them to have a connection to mission control. This adds an additional layer or difficulty and realism to the unmanned space program, allowing for the construction of satellite communication networks around the star system.+Excellent community.+Large amounts ofsuperbmods available.+Very large explosions.+New features are still being added by the developers.Neutral Aspects~Planets, althoughverylarge, are not realistically large.~Celestial bodies are (somewhat accurately) extemely empty and desolate, with few surface features apart from a few rocks or treesand a few easter eggs here and there...~Does not feature any real form of pre-made story (though the player is free to make their own).~Does not feature any online functionality or multiplayer.~Has a very steep learning curve, particularly for players with no previous knowledge of orbital mechanics or astrophysics, though a wide variety ofexcellent tutorialseasily available.~Unfortunatley lacks Steam Workshop support as of the time of writing.Negative Aspects-Not a particullarly good looking game. (Personally, I use a variety of mods which make the game lookutterly beautiful.)-Can have some performance issues when dealing with extremely large spacecraft. (significatly improved as of the 1.2 update)-Some may consider the game to be a bit too expensive.ConclusionOverall, I would thoroughly recommend this game to anyone with an interest in space, adventure, or very large explosions. In my opinion, no other game can give you the same amazing feeling as when you first land kerbals on the moon (Mun). This game has brought me so much fun, and I simply love it."
,Recommended,220200,12889366,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,noah,"[EARLY ACCESS REVIEW] KSP is a challenging space-sandbox simulation game.Pros:+Vast open area (space) to play in+Highly detailed planets+Amazing customization for the space planes/rockets+Detailed base for launches.+Complex physics+Nothing is easy (might be a con for others)+Cool easter eggs here and there. (Space kraken, monoliths, pyramids, etc.)+Science and career mods are amusing (I prefer science)+Highly detailed UI, but fairly easy to learn.+Mod support+Cheat tab (ctrl+alt+f12)+Kerbals, they add some comedy to the game, and are just great in general.+Out of spaceship walking is fluid and smooth+Graphics are great.+Regular updates, keep the game new and fresh+Able to speed up time (this prevents the game from getting boring most of the time)+First person cockpits are a nice addition to the game+Controls for the spaceships/planes are nice+Animations are excellent+Graphics options are detailed+Well optimizedI could name more, but I think I'll stop here.Cons:-Occasionaly glitchy and sometimes crashes (but this doesn't matter that much since it's in Early Access)-No steam workshop (there is so many mods already, and it is so easy to install them, adding Steam Workshop support to the game would be amazing)-Price is a little high-sometimes you cannot speed up time in certain areas, which causes the player to wait 10 minutes just to get to the interesting parts of the game.Overall, KSP is a excellent game, and I see a bright future ahead for the developers and the game."
76561198043407114,Recommended,220200,13292695,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Cramm789,"Build a spaceship, CRASH. rebuild space ship, add lots of rockets, get off the ground. CRASH, rerebuild spaceship, get a thousand meters in the air, engine  falls off unexpectedly, CRASH, rererebuildspaceship..... best game ever"
76561197983605525,Recommended,220200,29953554,Posted: 15 February,all,Rob,Had to uninstall so that I could move on with my life.
10397410237489203,Recommended,220200,15592152,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,still__alive,"Mission Control asks me to put a craft into orbit.Third attempt, looks like Jeb's gonna be just a little short on fuel again.Burns all his fuel because he's not gonna make orbit anyway.Realizes that he did in fact achieve Orbit.Mission Control informs him that they didn't tell the recovery team Jeb was staying in space, so they are still looking for him.Jeb is about to resign himself to being stuck in space when he has a bright idea.Climbs out of pod and uses monopropellent jetpack to attempt to push his pod into a decaying orbit.Succeeds on pushing pod into decaying orbit: ""Mission Control, I'm coming home!""Few minutes later, Jeb and his pod burn up on re-entry.R.I.P Jeb :'(Great game, I've had lots of fun with it so far, and reaching the mun's orbit is the farthest I've made it. There are some really cool mods for it too, I my personal favorite so far has been the SCANSAT mod.Also the whole presentation of the game is well done too imo, a lot of little details that really make it feel like the Kerbals are running the most incompetant space program ever. The incompetant space program feeling usually makes accidents more comical than frustrating, at least for me.It can be difficult to learn, but if you have the patience to learn it, it's totally worth it. At the ~$40 asking price it's worth more than 99% of AAA $60 games, imho."
76561198073855334,Recommended,220200,33663548,Posted: 19 July,all,sourpuss,Steep learning curve but its worth it
76561198016259229,Recommended,220200,12821655,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,The Viper,"Do you have autism for space?Sure, we all do.Buy this game today. Why are you even thinking about it? You have already logged 600 hours pirated. Go. Go."
,Recommended,220200,31084081,Posted: 11 April,all,Gay Rattlesnake,"Kerbal Space Program is the prefect kind a game really. No corporate fat cats holding strings, no story gets forced down your throat and the modding community just makes this game so much more fun, on top of the vanilla game which in of itself is just straight fun. The adventure, the trial and error, the effort makes this game a masterpiece. Each milestone you pass means a ton since the challenge is very real and very overwhelming, and the satisfaction of a successful mission is all too worth it. Best game in years, 5/5."
76561198050412382,Recommended,220200,30587921,Posted: 18 March,all,Lumen,"Instant explosion on the launch pad? Huh, that's interesting.Forget to stop time acceleration and slam into the surface of the planet you spent all afternoon trying to land on? Hilarious incident.Land successfully and return without incident? Most satisfied feeling ever."
,Recommended,220200,15625912,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Razgriz Actual,I blew up Kerbin.100/10 Best North Korean Space Agancy simulator ever.
,Recommended,220200,18735434,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sunder,I wish my physics teacher at school was a kerbal !!!
,Recommended,220200,15102738,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,TheFatGuy,"This is what a sandbox game should be.  Start from nothing, and work hard learning how rockets work, and how rocket science and physics play a part in how your ships going to fly.Put all that knowledge to good use and work to build a solid Rocket capable of flying all over the universe.Then realize you did something incredibly stupid and crash on takeoff."
76561197994586670,Recommended,220200,22563814,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TOKOLOSE,KERBAL GUIDE TO SPACE1.Parachute do not work in vacuum (or on Mun).2.Kerbals dont like EVA in atmospheric flight3.Rockets tend to explode.4.You need fuel for journey back as well.5.Kerbal cannot fly or have parachute.6.Jetpack is dangerous suicide tool.7.Chocolate help with depression and mental break downs caused by frustration.8.Water will not save you when you falling from 10k.9.Never forget install landing gear.10.In space no one can hear you Kerbal.11/10 Would strand kerbal on Mun again.
,Recommended,220200,12916859,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Sodra,>Built a large space station that took 12 hours to make.>Add engines.>Attempt to go to Duna in it.>Station falls apart and causes Kessler effect.>Kerbal breathes heavily.>Lands safe in tiny command pod.>Debris tracker is full.2/10 will build a second station.
,Recommended,220200,13688240,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Verrice,"Hands down my favorite game. The level of creativity you can achieve assembling discrete parts together into rockets and planes is phenominal.Plus, one of the best mod communities around; as someone else said, if the game is too hard there's a mod for that, if it's too easy there's a mod for that too. Want better graphics, helicopters, scriptable auto-pilots? Yep, mod, mod, mod. On top of that, installing them is a snap, just drop the mod into the GameData folder and boom, ready to rock!This latest rendition of 'Beta than Ever' has really added a lot of functionallity and is definitely a fully developed and complete game.10/10"
76561198210999553,Recommended,220200,23434476,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,santas Girthy Suprise,This is without doubt the best game i have played.
,Recommended,220200,20923506,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Blue__Flame,"I decided to not do ANY tutorials when I started playing this game.35 hours later I was in orbit.38 hours in, I figured out how to match my orbit with the Mun.At 40 hours I got caught in the Mun's orbit.At 42 hours I hit the Mun.At 43 hours I accidentally hit space and diconnected my final rocket stage when I meant to increase throttle.44/10 would play again."
76561198005183465,Recommended,220200,28602687,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,JeStr,"Hilarious, Fun, and Creative!Seriously the best game I have ever played.1700+ hours into the game and it's still incredible!I suppose I should write a more thorough review...With that said, this game is truly never ending, 3 flavors of game modes, being Career Mode (mission driven), Science Mode (driven by science points), and Sandbox Mode. Literally hundred of parts to build from; you can create anything from your favorite aerospace vehicle to something you decided to challenge yourself with. The game offers a comprehensive collection of tutorials and scenarios to practice and enhance your space fairing abilities with. Most importantly in my opinion, there is an extremely large modding community that offers new parts and changes to game mechanics to make your adventure more creative, challenging or  exciting. In addition, Squad is very involved with their product and constantly builds up the game with updates and a (hopefully) soon to be expansion pack.I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys space, aerospace, physics, and exploration in general."
76561198064210479,Recommended,220200,13309583,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Kalisz96,Built spaceshipsent 3 people into orbitran out of fuelwatched spaceship landed back in to atomspherecrashed in oceanthere were no surviorsmission accompished in 30 mins10/10 would launch againNASA here i come :D
76561198086514389,Recommended,220200,12607120,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Andy Bassich,This game got me a job a NASA.
,Recommended,220200,35009567,Posted: 16 September,all,Danyok Von Sepokov,DoNOTgo to the field of space study after playing KSP.Humanity will be better off without us.
,Recommended,220200,15600305,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,SKELETOR,"This game. Oh, this game. I had a review that i posted back in October 2014 that i deleted in order to post this one for more accuracy. The game reached full release yesterday, so i deleted my Early Access review for the sake of accuracy when i posted this one.First of all, i want to make this absolutely clear that this gameisnoteasy.I put this here due to a thread i saw a day ago of a man demanding his £30 back because the game was too hard, and he had no interest in ""3d oval orbits, etc."" While this was a gross lack of research on his part, and mostly his fault, i still thought i'd put this here. Especially with the new aerodynamics model, this game is the closest thing we have to anaccurate spaceflight simulator.This game is about launching small, disproportionate green men into space....In theory. That's how it works if you're good at the game. (Like me! (humblebrag))If you're bad at the game, like most newbies, it ends up being more like launching small, disproportionate green men a few thousand metres into the air, then atmospheric drag pulls you back to the ground and kills said disproportionate green men. Unless you believe they're plants, like i do, then they just probably regrow somewhere.Your first step will be learning to orbit, then going to the Mun, then Minmus, then basically wherever you please. The game allows you to construct rockets or planes, then fly them. There's tens of parts to choose from, and lots to do in the game, if you have a bit of patience. The game has numerous tutorials and scenarios to help you out with the basics.I don't want this review to drag too long, since everything i would tell you here is better explained by people like Scott Manley. (Check out his channel on YouTube if you're interested in this game! He has a few tutorials there, also.)TL;DRthis game is great and if you have an interest in space you should get it. Wait for a sale if you don't want to shell out £30 on it. Also do not forget the fact the game has a demo that you should most certainly get if you're interested in the game. Last i checked the demo is WAY outdated, though, so don't see it as a complete representation of the game.UPDATE: I should stress that you need persistence. If you fail, try and try again. Don't give up!"
76561198007646273,Recommended,220200,25234926,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Projection_Man,"Better than No man's Sky - DerpBetter than Space engineers - Hardest call to makeBetter than Starbound - Yeah I said it.Better than Stellaris - was 50/50 but hey, kerbals rule.Better than Factorio - you get to fly the damn rocket!Would crash into the Mun for another 470+ hours.10/10"
,Recommended,220200,25892025,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,thomp2345__78,"Perhaps the greatest space exploration game there isAuthor's note:Upon reaching 100 hours in this game, I decided to write a lengthy review. Recently, however, I reached another milestone in the form of 400 hours. As such, I felt that the time was ripe to write a new, better review.I was born on the exact same day as the Mars Polar Lander was to touch down on the south pole of Mars. This NASA probe was going to broaden our knowledge of the red planet - not unlike countless other probes that had already visited - but this was, regrettably, not to be. Prior to landing, an error caused the craft to crash into the Martian surface at a high speed.Errors like this are common in Kerbal Space Program as well. We all know how it is: You've sent a lander-type probe or capsule through the Kerbol system, and at last, the target is right below you - be it the Mun, Duna, or any other solid object. At some point, you discover that there's not enough juice. Or not enough electricity to keep the baby under control. Or that there is enough fuel - but only for a landing. Which is fine if it's an unmanned probe, but good luck if you have three unlucky Kerbals on board. It's a good thing they cannot die of thirst, hunger, exhaustion or boredom.The interesting thing about KSP, however, is that these errors do not matter. You might have an impressive explosion on the launch pad, a complete failure while trying to leave the atmosphere, or a more annoying error - like the fact that your fancy satellite doesn't have enough batteries, or that you forgot to bring science instruments. But guess what? This game encourages you to try again. If you fail in this game, it will not shove you into a ditch and laugh. Rather, it will help you back up and tell you what went wrong. In Kerbal Space Program, it is quite simple to spot errors by experiencing them. And then, it is equally simple to fix that error with a small upgrade - say, an improved booster, or some extra batteries. Eventually, new problems will appear - and you fix those too. And through this trial and error, you get the perfect rocket at last.This is where the game suddenly becomes truly magnificent. For quite a lot of time, I didn't have any idea how to get my crafts into orbit. So I created a proper rocket, tried to figure out what went wrong the last times, modified the rocket accordingly, and then gave it a shot. Minutes later, a satellite is safely in orbit around Kerbin, telling me interesting things about the atmosphere and cheerily transmitting signals down to the surface.Obviously, I got a massive confidence boost because of this. You can probably guess what happened next: I put together a Saturn V-ish rocket and tried to send some (un)lucky Kerbals to the Mun. It didn't go as planned, to say the least: They all ended up burned or exploded, mostly the latter. So guess what I did? I went back to the drawing board, created a better rocket, took it through extensive testing, and then the day came. It was my own July 1969. Jebediah and Bill were now Neil and Buzz. And guess what? The Kerbin flag was planted firmly on the Mun, and my brave little Kerbonauts returned as heroes, becoming the public favorite for a future mission to Duna. But that's another story.Moving on from stories of trial, error, success and joy, it's time to look at what the game has to offer. As you've probably guessed by now, it's about building rockets and sending them into space. The wide range of parts, physics, planets and celestial objects allows you to create your own little NASA. Probes, space stations, capsules, landers, rovers and airplanes are all possible to design and cr- fly as you please.Why the ""Kerbal"" in the name? Well, this game takes place in a fictional planetary system with smaller planets, moons and distances. The Sun is named Kerbol, and orbiting it is Moho (basically Mercury), Eve (basically Venus), Kerbin (basically Earth, with humans being replaced by green-skinned, adorable Kerbals), Duna (basically Mars)...Yeah, you get the idea. The game has lots of planets and moons to visit, most of which are fully explorable.The game modes? You got three different modes, suited for different playstyles. Sandbox is simple: No progress, credits or reputation (we'll get back to that), but every rocket part and all upgrades available at no cost. If you enjoy building whatever you want with no consequences, Sandbox is fitting. Next out is Science. It works similarly to Sandbox, but with another interesting factor: You have to research and unlock new rocket parts by doing science. ""Science"" can be anything from taking a ground sample outside of your local space centre, or landing a rover on a distant planet to do geological surveys. The more interesting, the more science.The final mode is Career. In this mode, it's money-earning time. You start off as a small space agency with sheds instead of hangars and no capability to reach space whatsoever. So what do you do? There are three things that you need to focus on. First of all, science - we've already gone through that. Second, money. This is self-explanatory; earn money, buy rocket parts, build bigger and more expensive rockets, and upgrade your facilities - but how to earn money? This is where Reputation comes in.To put it simple: You earn Reputation by doing cool stuff and not messing it up - take a tourist into space, land a probe somewhere, et cetera. If you do mess up, you lose Reputation. Here's the fun part: Higher reputation means better Contracts. There are plenty of corporations that are willing to give you some money if you can satisfy their demands. Complete a contract, and get more Reputation, Science and money. Fail a contract? Yes, you guessed correctly.Now let's move back to space exploration. Let's say that you've done all your preparations, signed the necessary contracts, and launched some nice stuff into space. You got some satellites here and there, and even some Kerbals screaming for help at the Munar surface (let's pretend you have a rescue ship underway). Now what?Well, there's mods. This is one of the many areas where Kerbal Space Program really shines - mods. The game has an active, engaged modding community, and you can find a mod for just about everything. There's a mod that allows you to place a wall near your space center and have those pesky Kerxicans pay for it. Seriously, there is. But i'm not here to talk about that.Mods available include, but are not limited to: part sets with massive fuel tanks, engines and more; intricate, advanced space capsules for all your exploration needs; plugins that allow you to time your maneuvers, get better at docking or put things on autopilot; visual mods that give you enhanced skyboxes and magnificent atmospheres; whole new planets altogether that expand your frontiers greatly. And more. I could probably talk for hours about the various mods that are available, but I won't. I'll just say that most of them are amazing. If you're buying this game, make sure to grab a few mods. If you already have it, but don't use mods: Why?! If you have mods: Get some more mods. Mod it till it breaks, as some people would say.There are plenty of things that I have omitted from this review - mostly because I want to end things here. I could probably talk about the magnificence of docking, the beauty of well-placed orbital maneuvers or other things that could make a NASA engineer smile gleefully. For now, though, i'll advise you to place yourself firmly into the capsule and go into space.To summarize: Kerbal Space Program is an excellent space game that provides great experiences, combined with interesting gameplay and great mods, all while being a highly successfultake on sandbox, exploration and simulation alike. I can absolutely recommend it."
76561197998815679,Recommended,220200,13007234,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Title27,"This game is in my top 5, best games of all time. Thank you."
,Recommended,220200,15807258,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Gonzo Quincy,I am now banned from ever working at NASA. 10/10
,Recommended,220200,22661743,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Burn,"I dare say that no other game features such a high-quality blend of sandbox fun, rewarding challenge and educational value. Realistic but fun, awe-inspiring but cute, this game ticks many unique checkboxes and should have a place in the collection of every gamer or fan of simulation games.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=673887355http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=672082639"
76561198062916283,Recommended,220200,16956452,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ns,great game !!!!
,Recommended,220200,34246065,Posted: 14 August,all,Right2Drive,"A very smart game, actually makes you feel like you're learning while you play! Gives you a lot of freedom to be creative!"
,Recommended,220200,15213787,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Lukotar,"This game truly will rob you of every free moment you ever thought about having.Your experience with this game is only limited by the capacity of your creativity.I also want to credit this game for generating interest in a number of fields that young people these days need to be invested in. Engineering, Aerospace, Physics, Science, and many more.Honestly its great to see a game be so fun AND genuinely thought provoking."
76561198060727318,Recommended,220200,34908816,Posted: 12 September,all,Boneless Lizzard (ᵉˣᵗʳᵃ ᵗʰᶦᶜᶜ),Dropping Rockets like Kim Jong Un
,Recommended,220200,23473380,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,<AKA> Takeshi Kitano,"What starts out as a simple, often hilarious; almost lego-like rocket/spaceplane builder has an astounding depth when you look into the possibilities.The game features a great incentive for advancing your ambitions, science. Science is spent on new technology and parts for bolder missions, and is earned by pushing your boundaries. First, you can explore around you. Take samples, and crew reports from your cute crew of little green simpletons, then maybe you take a simple rocket to outer atmosphere for the first time, take a crew report and get home alive with a nifty parachute.. and Bam! More science. A new part, and the plot thickens..KSP begins as a goofy tinkering tool with rockets and develops into a full-blown space exploration and research SIM.Getting a rock sample from the moon may be one of your hardest gaming achievements, as it was for me, but doing it brings reward like little else. The planning, the development and trial/error makes KSP a great learning tool. It's even NASA approved. It uses real world physics and simulated drag for winged aircraft. It uses realistic orbital-mechanics for planitary manuevers, and players use realistic many real-life elements mission planning.Buy it for your kids, buy it for yourself. They'll enjoy goofing and experimenting; they might even get serious about it. Same goes for you; you will enjoy at least a few experimental flights/missions. Especially if they end in a giant explosion, as many early flights will. After that you might have a success or two, maybe a simple contract or research mission turns out to be easy and you start learning. Soon you'll have dreams of the stars.*****"
,Recommended,220200,17639016,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,RektalRekage,"So there I was, sitting in the metal death machine engineering came up with. My heart racing as control are counting down from 10 (not always in the correct order). It was my first flight, I didnt know any of these guys, and just right before I stared to cry the lead pilot Jeb told me, ""I've done this thousands of times over, you'll be fine."" There I was, sitting in this rocket, then just as control reached zero, the whole machine started to vibrate violently and we accelerated into the blue sky. I thought: ""Wow! This is amazing, I'm going to Duna!"". Then right when the ledgendary Jebadiah Kerman hit the big red staging button to go to stage 8, things took a turn for the worst. All of the sudden a huge bang shook the craft, fire everywhere, I saw my fell astronaut brethren fly through the sky from the exploded rover 2. Then a few seconds after the first explosion, another happend, and a stray booster scraped alongside the hull only to destroy the parachute. So there I was, freefalling in a metal can, I look over to Jeb and what I see is a smiling maniac with nothing but fire and evil in his dead eyes. Seconds before impact with the harsh unforgiving ground, I suddenly appear back at the launch pad.10/10 Would revert back to launch pad again."
,Recommended,220200,15223705,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ғλтнεя түяσηε,"Built 10's of hundreds of different space planes, they all fail.10/10 NASA wished they had my funding and expendable human resources"
76561198000153603,Recommended,220200,15652780,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Nick,"Ever wanted to recreate the moon landing? Want to build a space station to orbit the Earth? Well now you can, but this time with little green men.R.I.P JEB11/10"
,Recommended,220200,30351400,Posted: 5 March,all,果子冻 面团,Got an A+ on my aerospace testgood buy
,Recommended,220200,23324765,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Febdeb,- Launched into space.- Climbed outside to get science.- Accidently let go.10/10 would burn in atmosphere again.
,Recommended,220200,13276511,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Jeff,Who needs a life anyhow?
76561198088915338,Recommended,220200,26012121,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,0rphnSl4yr,I can colonize the moon of a gas giant but I can't dock two ships orbiting kerbin together.~edit: after 1200 hours I can dock stuff together finally
,Recommended,220200,15669915,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,mameliaf,"this game has a learning curve, but is extremely rewarding once you are able to get going."
,Recommended,220200,12415620,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,dolbaeb pusher,"Tried to go to mun, hit WTC.9/11"
,Recommended,220200,13384275,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Xorko,"I've launch a rocket and 30s later, BOOM ! I forgot to enable SAS....11/10 - Would launch a rocket again"
,Recommended,220200,18545779,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Dick Squid,"I bought it this morning, played it for a few hours, 10/10"
76561197962808938,Recommended,220200,18192759,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Hyakkidouran,"As an engineer who was quite into astronomy as a kid, I LOVE this game, and it probably couldn't have been any other way. I mean : it is about ACTUAL space travel, how awesome is that?I'll recommend it, but there is one thing I can not stress enough :IT ISNOTFOR EVERYBODY.There are basically two ways to play that game : either you build crazy rockets in sandbox mode and you see if your random construction somehow achieves orbit OR you actually try to become a good (in-game) rocket scientist and launch a planned payload to a specific destination in the solar system.And to become such a rocket scientistyou will either need :College level math and physics, as well as a huge excel spreadsheetTo read and follow tutorials, and have a huge patience with trial and errorAnd... that's not exactly the conception of ""fun"" or a ""game"" to many people.Just to give an idea of why you need the ""school stuff"" : this game expects you to know what newtons are. (And no, those are not clones of a guy who took an apple on the head XD) It expects you to count speeds in m/s rather than km/h (just as a scientist does). You must also understand the concept of relative vector speed in a 3D environment... and many other things.The game features tutorials fortunately, but they only give the basics and you'll still have to learn most of the game by yourself.And even though the game simplifies a few aspects from reality (like for instance oxygen and astronaut's mental state management), on what it actually simulates it is ruthless : no fuel left after a 3 hour mission (for you, in the game, years have passed)? You miss your entry into the gravity field of a planet? You didn't launch your interplanetary mission on a correct date? Well, enjoy your newborn space debris! No way out of that except loading a past save. And this feature is not available on the hardest difficulty by the way.You might say : if you run out of fuel, it's because you messed up and you're bad, so it's normal to be punished.True.But this is why you pretty much need the math and the scientific expertise : to actually calculate if you have enough fuel BEFORE the mission, while taking into account a margin of error as well (because your manual-piloting manoeuvers will never be perfect).If you're fine with it, following a tutorial will allow you to build the spaceship suited to your mission and not worry about that. But I also believe it is kinda missing the point of the game.However, this scientific grounding and this high difficulty also come with a good side.Which is : when your plan unfolds as planned and you actually succeed, my God is it satisfying.I usually don't take screenshots of my games, but here when I actually managed my first moon landing, I just took so many. Because for once a game had made me feel proud. Yes, PROUD. And I have to say, it's the first time it has happened (at least to such a degree).The Kerbal Space Programl WIKI is very well made can help a lot by providing you with already-simplified mathematic formulas, preventing you from having to demonstrate those yourself. It could help people less familiar with math and physics to achieve more with the game and actually feel proud as well.The game also features lots of mods, and some are actually all about helping you to do all this calculus. It can replace the custom spreadsheet for those who do not wish to make one.If you don't look at any wiki and don't use any mods, then the challenge is phenomenal, even for an actual scientist, as the game throws you out there with minimal data.You might actually like a science and math challenge. If you think you do then buy this game. you won't regret it.If science, math, and ruthless difficulty are not truly your thing, there is the option of playing this game as a ""lego"" game where you build crazy stuff and see if they work. You could actually learn a lot about science and astronomy while you do that, so it might be worth it.I know I wouldn't enjoy playing ""randomly"" like that and I can't recommend it. But who knows, maybe you don't mind.Just be aware of one thing : unless you do some science and math (or have it done for you, but is that the point?), you'll never land that miniature base on the distant moon of the planet Jool... But hey, maybe you are actually totally fine with that."
76561198086236467,Recommended,220200,17554587,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Airianna,"After playing for 72 hours...The funnest part of this game, is building the rockets of any design I can think of, testing them. (Go to launch... topple over and go boom... darn it, try again...)The graphics are pretty good. Some reason the crew is hard on my system when building the crafts, had to turn them off.One thing I do not understand is why your craft is desroyed even when hitting water at 5m/s via parachute, only thing to survive is the cockpits. (not a game breaker, just know the water is off limites in the game)... Patience is required while playing ...It takes a long time to get across the oceans to land your craft at desired locations. You have to be careful when using the speed up if flying a plane. It can cause you to loose/gain altitude without touching the controls.The arodynamics of the game are increadable. Durring one of my missions, altidude required for testing an item had put me in space, I managed to test it, but was out of fuel, and still orbiting, I almost restarted but chose to see if the close path was close enough to barely skim the atmosphere, and sure enough, angled the heat sheild to push the module deeper into the atmosphere, reducing orbit considerably, the next pass was slow enough to actually stay in the atmosphere, again, angled it to push it in deeper. The angle was so good, I was able to open the chutes at about 1900m and land on top of a mountain.Neucances of the game, the physics engine does something strange, causing the ship to stop flowing with the rest of the system, the ship dangles there, it's orbit doesn't move, but the planet does, if left alone long enough, the orbit no longer orbits the planet, but the ship still hangs there. Other times the ship suddenly disintigrates right after a ""warp time"" menuver. More than one occation on a load, the vessel is well belloe the 0m mark, on water it breaks the ship into pieces, and only specific pieces float to the surface. On land, only the pieces that register as above 0.000m is not instantly destroyed. These sorts of things make it difficult to play career mode. Occational crash to desktop, without known reasons, sometimes it says it has crashed, and to tell them about it, yet doesn't say what to do with a folder. I got the game through steam, will be nice when they have an update to fix known bugs. (Even so, I still recomend the game.).... Bottom Line ... I am enjoying the game. Devs keep up the great work.After 2 years, and still playing the game from time to time, I am wondreing if there will ever be an Android Tablet version for this game..."
76561198115194307,Recommended,220200,23802605,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MrBoom2000,"I bought this game a long time ago. I still beleive it was well worth the money. I have yet to explore the whole solar system yet alone the galaxy. (VERY good mod support via CKAN) Oh, and it is also one of the most educational games ive ever played. taught me more about physics than my entire highschool physics class =) The only negative I can think of, is the insane learning curve. Many people need to spend hours just figuring out how to get into their first orbit. But that is just one of the things that you must be willing to do in KSP.  Aside from that, very highly recommended."
,Recommended,220200,15588578,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SQUEEEEEEPS,"This is Major Jeb to Ground ControlI'm stepping through the doorAnd I'm floatingin a most peculiar waaaayAnd the skybox looks very different todaaayayaayFor hereAm I sitting in a tin canFar above the worldPlanet Kerbin is blueAnd there's nothing I can do♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫ vvvvv REVIEW BELOW vvvvvThough I'm pastone hundred thousand milesI'm feeling very stillAnd I think my MechJeb knows which way to goTell Bill I love him very muchHe knooooowsGround Control to Major JebYour circuit's dead,there's something wrongCan you hear me, Major Jeb?Can you hear me, Major Jeb?Can you hear me, Major Jeb?FSorry, here is an actual attempt to review KSP.Kerbal Space Program is a sandbox style space and planetary exploration game/ “simulator”, that allows players to control the space agency of a race of adorable green beings (I guess it is also technically a god game). An army of kerbalnauts, workers, and e̶s̶c̶a̶p̶e̶d̶ ̶w̶a̶r̶ ̶c̶r̶i̶m̶i̶n̶a̶l̶s̶   rocket scientists are at your disposal. Send them to a golden age or to their deaths by designing and piloting any craft you can imagine.It has three game modes:∆	Sandbox- players have access to all parts and unlimited funds, no objectives - do what you want!∆   Science- players have no budgetary restrictions, all facilities are fully operational(its not a trap) but must research and unlock parts by taking observations during missions, conducting experiments with scientific equipment, and recovering craft and crew after missions. (NASA’s wet dream)∆	Career- budgetary restrictions apply, must research parts, must upgrade facilities to unlock functions, can accept contracts for pay and other bonuses. (Most immersive experience)The game also features tutorial missions, scenario missions/challenges, and a wide range of difficulty options and settings.Controls are easy to understand, yet fairly difficult to master. Some players might wish to use an auto pilot mod such as MechJeb, but I would recommend getting a basic grasp of controls and basic maneuvers before using MJ.The basics :∆	Mash space when things go wrong∆	F5 to nvr 4get∆	F9 to I’m comin’ back MurphI highly recommend watching Scott Manley’s tutorial videos on YouTube (he is Montgomery “Scotty” Scott’s great great great grandfather)I recommend this game if:∆	Space exploration fascinates you∆	Engineering fascinates you∆	Science fascinates you∆	You cried during Interstellar∆	You cried during Contact∆	You cried during 2001: A Space Odyssey∆	You cried while reading 2001: A Space Odyssey∆	You cried while watching both versions of Cosmos∆	You hate the Star Wars prequels∆	You want to fight moon Nazis∆	You are a moon Nazi∆	You believe man went to the moon∆	You think Kubrick helped fake the moon landings∆	You like Michael Bay moviesI do not recommend if:∆	You have no patience at all∆	You are dead∆	The Star Wars prequels are your favorites∆      You cry during Michael Bay movies (except The Rock)10/10 - would slip the surly bonds of earth again"
,Recommended,220200,26017082,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Wiseman,"It turned me into an 8-year old boy who just saw his first rocket launch. I had a birthday cake with rockets on it. It's easily the best game I've ever played, and it just gets better with every new version."
,Recommended,220200,13152806,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,=37th= minepagan,"Very good, Although it requires quite a bit of RAM to work--Especially if you want mods, which you should. But it has a good concept, teaches you more than you would expect, and is VERY funny."
76561198046593488,Recommended,220200,15860288,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,archbessie,"Orbital mechanics for fun and profit. It is the best game. If you need a hand getting started look up Scott Manley on Youtube, he has an excellent series of tutorials and miscellany on KSP. Alternatively just play in Sandbox until you make things which don't explode immediately (or things which do ...for science).Note: You may actually end up learning science so you can get better at this game."
76561198037459006,Recommended,220200,29451060,Posted: 23 January,all,frosty,"I understand next to nothing about how this game works. I have no idea why it's the best game I've ever played, but it is."
76561198180686065,Recommended,220200,21909189,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,alloysteal,"I'm pushing 1000 hours on this game and its time for a review!I got this game for my birthday and I missed my next birthday.I used to have a family, but my wife left me after i painted her face green and started calling her Val.also mods are cool.im so lonely, send snacks."
76561197999070908,Recommended,220200,33776223,Posted: 24 July,all,RafaelElendil,"Short: The best game there is.Long: This game is a gem hidden from most public by not being from some AAA releases, and probably it keeps being good exactly cause of it. It shows a little more than 400hrs played but that are only the time playing online with steam, i play most of time direct from the 64bit starter that steam doesnt count. So it is easily above 1k hours in reality.The first thing i can say good about it is that it deliveres excatly what the pictures shows... and MUCH MORE. It is not that kind of game that is deceiving cause of lots of picture of CGs and not actual gameplay. Everything show above is accessible right away and MUCH MUCH more gourgerous images are at your disposal.The second thing is the community. This game has simple the best community of any game ever. People are helpful, friendly and incredible encouraging you on keep trying and getting better. This should be incredible for real life, for the internetz, its unheard off.The third, MODS! My god, this game have the simple, easiest, most fantastic, mod support ever. Some of the mods are more complex than the game itself, like Fearam Aerospace Research(which adds a much more realistic aerodinamyc aspect to the game and will make your crafts spin a lot on launch and simple destroy your dreams of spaceplane reentry) or Remote Tech(which adds more realistic comunication network, including ranges, planet blockage, disc antenna targeting and more). The game can room smoothly on most computer or put your video card to pray if you install the visual enhancements mods wich make the planets and atmospheres looks incredible, specially from space! Mods can be completely addictive and you can easily find yourself lost browsing ""just one more mod"" to add to tha game.The fourth, GET Kerbal Engineer Redux, technicaly its should be on the mod section, but it is so light, simples and just give you quality of life information that i find it should be already on the main game.The fifth, the LEARNING CURVE! This game isnt difficult, like many people say, but it has like a 50hrs learning time. It is not the difficult of the gameplay, actually its fairly easy, its the sheer amounth of new information your have to learn and process to play the game. After 500hrs it is pretty easy to go to any planetary body per se, the problem is staying there and building your colony! In a certain way, this game is exactly like a the first half of human life: You start knowing nothing and thinking everything will be easy and you hurt yourself at you very first step! As you put time in this game you get ""older"", then lauching rockets become a little more complicated cause they need to have purpose! You start to try to do specific things, like going into orbit, docking, going to the mun, minmus, then other planets and moons. After that long teenager and early adult years, you become adult and not the real game begin! You manage your resources, try to estabilish yourself, explore the entire system. Then, at last middle age come and you have more long term goals! Like having family and a home for them, you build your colonies on other worlds and moons and try to get them to become self-suficient. Everything i just said is just a scratch of what this game can deliver.The last, you will learn a lot of real life physics and astronomy. You will not have a master degree, but you will know much more that some of the people who do have but dont work on this kind of stuff. You will give imagination to your engineering dreams, like building rockets and planes, and after that some ships and even submarines! (There is an aquatic moon on the game). You will learn HOW difficult is to get into orbit and how difficult can be to get from orbit to the moon and back (the is a mod called ""realism overhaul"" for those wanting to try themself into realscale rockets, planets and solar system, cause the game uses a reduced scale to make launchs more manageable and rockets easier, but dont get me wrong, it is still very challenging). Then you will realise how incredible the mankind was back into the 60s and 70s to be able to do that with much less computer power than we have today. (Just out of curiosity, the aproximations used into the game are far more acurate than the aproximations available to the real apollo astronauts).Enjoy this masterpiece, one of the few games i took my time to write a review and i think thats the only one i gave a good review :P"
76561198007614790,Recommended,220200,29501330,Posted: 26 January,all,MACBLASTER,One of the most rewarding games i have ever played. Never gotten this sense of accomplishment from completing a task in game before
76561197992928723,Recommended,220200,9745633,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Velks Suisonic,"So let me say right off the bat, this game will not be for everyone, But you more than likely know before you read this review if the game is even close to up your alley.  In career mode, It takes a patience, common sense. There is alot of trial and error. I had seen alot of the reviews and decided that I was going to not visit any guides or wikis, Which made the game much more gratifying knowing I figured it out on my own.  After nearly 100 hours into the game, im getting ready to restart career and impose a hardcore mode on myself.  As stated on the main page of the game, this is early access, therefore still alot missing from the game, you almost have to make your own fun out of it ATM. But even with features still missing, the game is alot of fun, I always consider a game worth the money if I get a dollar a hour out of it, this game far surpasses that, even off sale.The physics of the game are very solid and very unforgiving, just like it should be. The amount of stuff  you can do is only limited by your imagination.  From orbiting a planet, to a complete Space Station around the games version of Mars.I must say too that I am a bit worried that the updates have been so slow to come out, I got the game a few days before the asteroid missions and the sale (doh).  Come to find out that was the first update in something like 3 months.  That being said, I have also seen in rviews that the modding community is awesome, so that may make up for the lack of updates in a small way.  Becuase of my self imposed blackout on anything that could be a spoiler, i have not looked into the mods myself.  But after I get tired of my hardcore mode, thats my next stop.Any questions, feel free to ask in the comments section.Edit: I finally had to look up how to transfer fuel.  Spent 3 hours clicking on a docked craft trying to figure it out. :/""THIS GAME IS:10% LUCK20% SKILL15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL5% PLEASURE50% PAINAND 100% REASON TO DOWNLOAD THE GAME!""I saw this on another review of another game, and it was so true, i had to steal it. =P"
76561198008998664,Recommended,220200,32901840,Posted: 27 June,all,PotaytohPohtahtoh,"This is Rocket Science Lite, and, since its literally rocket science, whenever a Youtuber/Streamer/Whatever fails, say to them: ""This isnt rocket science!- Oh wait."""
,Recommended,220200,15575399,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Kenelor,"It's a fun game. Yes, the learning curve is pretty steep, but new versions of the game have made the learning curve more forgiving. It's an extremely fun and rewarding game to play. This is not an easy game, however, and if you don't feel like thinking and/or planning ahead then this probably isn't the game for you."
,Recommended,220200,15623952,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,CrJabes,"As a 30-something year old person with little education but a love for science, space, and engineering, this game caught my attention while in alpha a few years ago. At that time, I knew 'of' the equations and methods used to get things into space, albeit not grasping the details to any extent. They were not familiar, but also not foreign. I opened KSP, and joyfully set to building what I thought would be a simple, but effective rocket. Ecstatic when completed, I excitedly smashed the button to launch. The view of my creation on the launchpad gave me chills. With shaking hands, heart racing, I gently pushed the space bar. The rocket ignites with a powerful firestorm. For a fleeting moment, my eyes found Jeb in the bottom corner of the screen. He was terrified. Panicing, I center my eyes on the screen, fingers ready to steer my way to space and victory. Six seconds into flight, the rockets begins to rip apart, parachute deployed and pulled taught from force of the rocket's climb. Rocket parts scatter in the aftermath of an explosion. I look to Jeb, preparing myself to see his corpse, mutilated and burned. On inspection, I see he survived. The look of panic on his face has become horror. The rocket's capsule is tumbling end over end, climbing in altitude. Muscles in my arms spasm as my person slips into shock, my mind reaching for help, begging for training and emergency reaction to kick in. Floundering, tears in my eyes, I desperately begin to smash buttons on the keyboard. My head is locked on the screen, eyes vigorously searching for a button to fix everything, to save Jeb from his certain doom. My heart sinks as seconds pass and nothing seems help, all of my fingers are finding buttons and pressing. The capsule apexed and started its decent, tethered to Kerbin by gravity's unrelenting pull. I lock up, panting short breaths, staring at the screen. I cannot blink. I cannot look away. The capsule strikes the ground.A dialog appears on the screen, confirming Jebidiah's death.I have since killed many more kerbals, slowly learning the ropes. I understand more about rocket science than I ever expected. I have had successful missions to the Mun, Minmus, Duna, and Jool.If you are brand new to this game, the best advice I have is to NOT turn the 'snap-to' feature on when building things in the VAB, and start killing kerbals. You will be amazed at what you learn."
76561197997240252,Recommended,220200,28999048,Posted: 3 January,all,[13] Brumby,"Best game ever. Just look at my hours.Planning, building, and flying an awesome ship, like a space shuttle replica or a fully reusable space splane gives you the biggest sense of accomplishment when you burn through the atmosphere and touch down at the runway. Or rescueing a kerbal mark whatney from Mars (Duna) or doing a flyby of pluto (Eeloo). Or building a replica of the international space station one shuttle launch at a time. Or catching an asteroid, bringing it into low orbit than using it as a refueling base. My personal biggest achievement was doing a full recreation of the movie The Martian.Be warned. VERY steep learning curve. This is quite literally rocket science after all. Career mode is very hard for new players. You will hit a science brick wall if you cant do moon flybys without manourvre nodes. But theres some cool scenarios and theres always sandbox mode.Mods! Theres lots of mods and they almost always play well together these days. When I first started there was a max memory limit which is now thankfully gone thanks to 64 bit.Essential mods: Mechjeb, Kerbal Engineer, KIS, KAS, Trajectories, Interstellar fuel switch, Tweakscale, Editor Extensions Redux, Kerbal Alarm ClockGraphical mods: Stock visual enhancements, Scatterer, PLanetshine, DistantobjectPart mods: OPT, KASA, MRS, Kerbal Reusability ExpansionCool mods: Rasterprop monitor, Vessel viewer, Docking alignment IndicatorFailing, blowing up in the atmosphere, and forgetting to add parachutes is just part of the fun. Ive only been playing  since 1.0 and the updates just keep making this game better and better. 99% of bugs ( we call them krakens) have been squashed.The only thing which needs to be improved is the part physics. Dont get me wrong, its gotten so much better since 1.1 and 1.2 but it could be better. Currently if you have more than about 250+ parts being rendered, the game slows down to about 15 fps on my GTX 980. Very large ships take a while to launch and docking a large shuttle with an even larger space station requires patience and precision. Just be careful to build ships without too many unnecessary parts and you will be fine."
,Recommended,220200,18015906,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,⎛⎝KarKarra⎠⎞ ~  カレ,Make rocketFlyOrbitFuel 0%Lost in spaceRepeat11/10
,Recommended,220200,14040590,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Pope Urban II,"This game could go released in it's current state, and it would be accepted. Instead, it's continuing in early access and becoming better. Game is glorious, modding community is great, and it's doing early access right. 10/10."
,Recommended,220200,33137606,Posted: 2 July,all,sammysun26,"this game is so awesome the physics are very realistic and the orbit gravity,gravity slingshot and other orbital forces are very close to the one we see in reall life. The rocket part masses,thrust and drag are also very realistic so are the aerodynamics i kindly recommend this game to people who like engineering and other stuff although this game is very hard to play it is still very close to real life."
76561198065482424,Recommended,220200,30598292,Posted: 18 March,all,rymorrisward,"Never thought areospace dynamics engineering could be so addictive.I am having tremendous fun with this game. Its almost a puzzle trying to figure out how to send those creepy little kerbals into space without blowing up half the facility. And yea, ive done that a lot.9.5/10"
,Recommended,220200,29394930,Posted: 21 January,all,Skello89,"You can land on the moon, 10/10 Best sci-fi game."
,Not Recommended,220200,34761364,Posted: 5 September,all,ethanwdp,Stop looking in the Negative reviews sections for excuses to not buy this game.
76561198164166482,Recommended,220200,22531141,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Scary SCAdian,This game made me actually start paying attention in calculus and physics.  Orbital mechanics are hard.
,Recommended,220200,7830908,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,The Destroyer,"Possibly the greatest game of all time. Plus it's in development, so it get's even more awesome! Buy it now!"
,Recommended,220200,22862676,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Space1255,10/10 would blow up entire space center again
,Recommended,220200,15215064,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ozzy*,"What a truely amazing game!I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone even remotely interested in space like gaming.The core game is really great - but the modding community, and available mods for this game, adds value to this game unlike anything I've ever exerienced.This game has 3 modes (sandbox, science, and career), each having it's own unique experience. After spending a little bit watching some of Scott Manley's videos on youtube, you'll be well on your way to creating your very own space program. You can literally design every detailed aspect of your spacecraft, accomplish things in space, and have endless hours of fun. Iliterally can't stop playing this game...seriously!If you're wondering whether or not this is for you, go check out Scott Manley's videos on youtube, and get a taste of this masterpiece that is KSP.It's not rocket science...well okay, actually it is. But after spending a little time on those vids, you'll be well on your way."
,Recommended,220200,8357035,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,That16bitGuy,"Kerbal Space Program not only slices and dices, but it shakes the conventions of gaming up with this glorious take on running your own space program. Houston, we don't have any problems here because with Kerbal Space Program the imagination runs wild like Hulk Hogan in 1991. Make no mistake that if you do purchase this game you may have life changing experiences that include, but are not limited to: creativity, frequent trips to imagination land, and thoughts of becoming an astronaut yourself. If these conditions last for more than 4 hours please consult Kerbal Space Program.**This game should be supported by people who enjoy space, sandboxes, and early access games that are actually pretty well done in their current state."
,Recommended,220200,14107286,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Potatos,Failure has never been so fun.I would recomend starting in sience mode before trying career mode.Push your self not to look up designs until your completely frustrated!
,Recommended,220200,25374596,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,[FSTK]KILLASHADES,Launched rocket; watched it explode.Made adjustments and launched rocket; watched it explode.Made more adjustments and launched rocket; landed it successfully. Watched science explode.10/10 Michael Bays.You should definitely buy this game if you like physics and explosions.
,Recommended,220200,22838400,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Blue Space Communist,"There really is not much I can say about this game that truly captures the amount of joy and satisfaction I have gotten from playing Kerbal Space Program.  It is an immense undertaking to delve into this game and play it to its full potential.  It can be incredibly daunting, but that is what gives this game the powerful impression to everyone who has played it.It is not a game for the light of heart."
76561198057746554,Recommended,220200,15604503,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Nagrom,"I started playing this game during the Beta and it quickly became the greatest game I've ever played and still is. I've played 600+ hours and I've hardly scratched everything you can do in this game. I can easily say, without exaggeration,  I'll be putting another 1000 hours if not more into this game. Games these days seem to go onto the market at 60$-120$, if you include all the DLC or pre-release shannanigans, for about 4-5 hours of enjoyable gameplay, 20 hours if your lucky. With Kerbal Space Program they're not even charging 50$ with a guarantee of continued FREE updates. I can not express enough the level of enjoyment anyone with any amount of interest in space exploration will get from this game. If your like me you'll get hooked on this game and before you realize it you'll have put in 100 hours of gameplay and be working towards setting up mining operations on any number of distant worlds, complete with orbiting space stations and/or colonies. Did I mention you can capture and/redirect asteroids then do whatever you want with them? Yes, that does include mining and/or building bases on them. What you do in this game is only limited to what you can imagine and build to get the job done...... unless you run your agency into the ground first of course.BEWARE THE KRAKEN!!"
,Recommended,220200,24962003,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,pickle rick,"< Be me< Download KSP< Launch ♥♥♥♥♥♥ space shuttle< Stage it incorrectly, first Kerbal dead.< Google ""KSP Tutorial""< See Scott Manley KSP Tutorial for beginners< Watch entire series< Go back into game< Im an expert now, NASA, sign me up< Launch space shuttle, get into orbit< Success< Want to go to the Mun< Go to the Mun after days< Start to draw blueprints for space shuttles in class< Come home, make shuttle, go to Mun once more.< Bring home space rocks< Apollo 18 all over again c;jk< Want to go to other planet< Make space station, modeled after the ISS< Decide to actually buy game from steam< Launch ♥♥♥♥♥♥ space shuttle.11/10 -  Would launch ♥♥♥♥♥♥ space shuttle again.BUY THIS GAME NOW."
,Recommended,220200,13654369,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,hobs,Play this game until you love it.
,Recommended,220200,8570340,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,lotus_eater,This game is a pure hereoin. I need an intervention. You'll need one too. Better back off buddy - it came to me first... my precious.
,Recommended,220200,33229598,Posted: 4 July,all,Ⓔⓨⓔ Ⓞⓕ Ⓙⓐⓟ,"Blast off into spaceon a rocket-strapped bin.Remember your helmet;the air gets quite thin.""Oh, sod it; we crashed""(again and again)Orbital trajectories:I will reach my Zen.Eureka! At last:escape velocity.Nevermind countlesscorporate atrocities.""For science!"" ""For profit!""this is the one.Learning rocket sciencehas never been so much fun."
,Recommended,220200,14170864,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Minute9,"""what does this do"" explodes. ""how do i start again"" explodes. ""explodes"" explodes."
,Recommended,220200,15604146,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Arcadian Del Sol,"I have been playing PC games since I first got my hands on Wolfenstein on a 3.5"" floppy disk. This game is easily the best game I have ever played, and in all the experiences I have had playing them, nothing compares to that first time I reached orbit and returned to the ocean safely.This game is brutal, and merciless - but that only makes the accomplishments so much more precious."
76561198061974601,Recommended,220200,30017979,Posted: 18 February,all,[LINUX] facePlanted,Couldn't pass the tutorial but upvoting because otherwise u think i'm stupid.
,Recommended,220200,15958885,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,How did i not write a review for the great game. I think it amazing to get to experience space travel with todays tech imaginations. I was born too late to discover the earth and too soon explore the stars. For now i have the internet with cat pictures and ksp
76561198034279652,Recommended,220200,29340866,Posted: 18 January,all,Derrick Moore,"KSP is the best, most rewarding and frustraing puzzel/strategy game ever made"
,Recommended,220200,13173157,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dave From I.T.,"Had a plane in orbit, couldnt land back on Kerbin. SO I landed on the Mun.10/10 would Mun  again"
76561198022751934,Recommended,220200,25913455,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Manabender,"Kerbal Space Program is truly something unique.How do you market a game about rocket science -- the default analogy for ""something extremely complicated"" -- to an audience big enough to justify your budget? Well...there's a lot of little things that make it playable to many people.First of all, it's a make-your-own-experience sandbox. Just like Minecraft (before there was an End), there's no final goal, no objective arrow. It's just you, an bunch of spaceship parts, a few kerbals, a custom solar system, the infinite expanse of space, and explosions. Lots and lots of explosions.Second of all, this game about rocket science isn't about ALL of rocket science. There's quite a lot of liberty taken with the laws of physics, all in the name of simplicity. You don't have to worry about fuel flow, or life support, or the speed-of-light delay. All of that is benched in favor of less subtle things, like orbital mechanics, atmospheric shock-heating, and (look this up; it's practically KSP 101) delta-V and Tsiolkovsky rocket equation.But here's the best part; all of these ignored facets of space travel can be added into the game. KSP has a very robust and active modding community, and I'm sure enough mods exist to make the game as realistic as you could possibly demand. Life support? There's a mod for that. Several, actually, in varying degrees of difficulty. Fuel flow? Part of Realism Overhaul. Speed-of-light delay? Check out RemoteTech. There are even mods that replace the stock solar system with our very own, real system, and even mods that add entirely new, dreamed-up systems. (I highly recommend starting out with no mods, then adding them as you become comfortable with what you already have.)Really, Kerbal Space Program is great for the same reason Minecraft is great. It expects nothing in particular of you, it just wants you to do whatever comes to mind. If that means strapping a hundred boosters together as randomly as possible and watching the fireworks, that's fine. If that means methodically landing on every planet and moon one-by-one, that's fine. If that means brutally murdering your kerbals, well, heck, they're just as surprised to be alive as you are, so go for it."
76561198179662998,Recommended,220200,32914489,Posted: 27 June,all,Ghost_In_The_Machine,"Here's the thing. You are going to learn A LOT with this game. Even with guides, youtube videos, and tutorials, you will still find yourself learning through experience. Rarely is there a sandbox game like this that had literally hours and hours of content for you to play with. Get the game if you would like the challenge."
,Recommended,220200,15992642,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Recyclops,I'll play this game for 5 hours straight and get absolutely nowhere and I love it. Buy it. It's awesome.
,Recommended,220200,15580698,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,TabyKat,"Imagine you are the head of NASA and everybody that works for you willingly steps into whatever ludicrous idea you can come up with. Will you send them off to the heavens to explore the far reaches of the solar system or lead them to their demise in a fiery explosion on the launchpad?The choice is yours...This game deceptively teaches you rocket science, orbital mechancis and physics amongst all the wonderful explosions and stunning destinations.The Trial and Error makes learning the game entertaining and fun! (Lots of explosions and lost Kerbals to be had).For the first several days of playing, I had an ICBM Factory as opposed to a Space Program. Many Kerbals died. A few Youtube videos later (Thanks Scott Manley!) less Kerbals died and with a grasp on how things worked, they began to prosper.The reward and feeling of accomplishment you get from this game is unlike any other I have ever got from a game.The community for this game is enormous, friendly and constantly active, Youtubers churning out their own stories, tutorials, successes and failures. Developers creating thousands of mods, Forum users pushing the boundaries with weekly challenges, and more.In regards to mods; you can add things like:-New Planets/Moons-Life Support/Cryogenics-More parts, more parts, more parts ....oh yes, lots and lots of parts-Colonization/Habitats/Bases/Space Stations-Boats/Submarines/Planes/Vehicles and everything inbetween (Even more parts!)-In game tools to give you all the information you would ever need-New and Historic Missions/Contracts-Combat/Weapons-Visual beautifications/eye candy/textures-Malfunctions/In flight repair and damage control/Emergency Escapes-Complete realism overhaul...and many more.You can play this game any way you dream.Absolutely Stunning Game 10/10.""The six words you NEVER say at NASA: ... It works in Kerbal Space Program."""
,Recommended,220200,15807619,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Phosphor,">Designs rocket with large fairing>Launches>Begins gravity turn>Payload phases through fairing wall>Entire craft explodes, leaving only the probe core>90k in the hole10/10 would meet Kraken again."
,Recommended,220200,24330024,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,UberBossGaming,It's okay
76561198036962689,Recommended,220200,24582779,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Papa,"I have spent so much time on Kerbal Space Program.  This is one game I keep coming back to after years of play.  The sandbox nature of the game combined with the numerous parts available leads to endless possibilities for Rockets, Planes, Space Probes, Boats, Trucks, Cars, and really anything you can think of.  Take the base game and add mods like Infernal Robotics and Tweakscale and you have so much more to do.  Then add an additional 150 mods from CKAN and there is literally no end to what can be accomplished.  10/10"
76561198044732536,Recommended,220200,12833767,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,GreenDemon12,I lost my life
76561198035376958,Recommended,220200,15614272,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,TheInventorMan,"<--- Has over 900 hours in-game.Has built space warships, tanks, vanilla helicopters, and more.Has yet to land a Kerbal on Mars.11/10"
,Recommended,220200,28766894,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,mynameismonkey,"Two space pilgrims are dead. This is one of my most noticeable achievements in a PC diversion.Clearly lamentably the two Kerbals - an entire sorts of negligible green outcast men who feel like an unholy blend of the Associates from Detestable Me and the Irken race from Interloper Zim - are dead. I made sense of how to keep them alive through a large number of calamities, contributing hours ensuring to their survival presented to the brutal components dim of space. Test missions were flown; tests accumulated consistent data; rockets would decrease to leave the ground and would explode or dispatch and a while later rapidly tip over in light of the way that the change wasn't right. These two passed on in light of the total data of a thousand frustrations. Additionally, it was exquisite since they kicked the container crashing into the Moon. Conciliatory sentiments, the Mun.It doesn't for the most part cover it to express that Kerbal Space Program is a space sim. For a specific something, paying little mind to how honest to goodness things get, notwithstanding all that you're playing in a universe of negligible green child's shows, which the entertainment never really obliges with its amazing physical credibility the further along you go. Nevertheless, for each something that vibe cerebrum bowing and sciencey, there's still a smooth sentiment responsiveness, like the way that endeavoring to plot a flight way that spots you in hover with a substitute planet is essentially a genuinely dubious and correct session of Bop It. The preoccupation beats that characterization as a consequence of that sentiment relentless revelation and improvement. Conferring a blunder never felt like a train, just as the preoccupation had set an incomprehensible obstacle before me and chuckled as I whipped furiously at it. It felt like improvement. Frustration is a teacher here, one that challenges you and doesn't exchange off by giving every one of you the answers. Regardless, it is certainly an instructor that requirements essentially for you to find light.In light of present circumstances, endeavoring to nutshell Kerbal Space Program doesn't include clear ""You win in case you arrive"" targets. To the degree I can tell, the delight never stops, and an entire close-by planetary gathering persists there to be explored. What KSP values above all is consistent quality. Though every one of your analysts and pilots are insignificant green men, the entertainment is actually human. You advance basically by being adequately striking to try accomplishing to some degree higher, making your species' scope of noticeable quality just to some degree greater with every attempt. In case you make sense of how to break the world's speed record, you're set up to have a go at accomplishing the upper environment and recording how the air is up there. If you arrive, then maybe we can put a satellite extensively further. In case the satellite can get up there, maybe a space explorer can. In case we can accomplish space, we can accomplish our closest planetary neighbor. The main thing that is critical is that the experience is never misused. Whether you transmit the data using a radio wire you associated with your bus or you make sense of how to arrive safely and the data can be recovered physically, Mission Control gets the experience, showed up under a clearing point of interest of ""Science"" in-entertainment. If the mission bombs marvelously terribly, it is beneficial the length of you see why.Clearly, most of your time in-preoccupation is spent in the spaceport on a steady experimentation mode endeavoring to collect a claim to fame that can do correctly what's required for the present mission. The beguilement wouldn't take your breath away apparently or aurally - arrive, sea, space are all decently textureless and lacking, even with each one of the specs twisted up, and the sounds are about the same, with the soundtrack besting out at ""vigorously impossible to miss"" instead of amazing. All the torque has gone into making the fine engine inconspicuous components terrifyingly confusing. In every way that really matters every part of a spaceship's arrangement is spoken to here, with really many diagram options and moving parts to gather - from fuel tanks and rockets to the glow shields for reentry and the decoupling devices for supporters. Besides, would do well to consider each and every piece of it or without question as you're imagined, it will flop marvelously before you even watch the stars. It's mind-boggling, however starting close to nothing and including new tech onto powerful structures is the place rapture is found. The honest to goodness making methodology is earth fundamental, regardless, in light of the way that every part is basically joined to your specialty like Legos. There's a colossal number of tweaking instruments available for the more picky player, yet it takes a long time before they get the opportunity to be unmistakably fundamental shades of perniciousness.Kerbal Space Program offers guide Easy to-Hard inconvenience settings, yet when in doubt, the bona fide inconvenience setting is for all intents and purposes figurative. The Sandbox mode opens up each available part in the delight so you can just waste time and make the most point by point, insane arrangements conceivable. The Science mode grants you to secure concentrations for each new leap forward achievement; you can spend those spotlights on the Imaginative work bent tree, which is the place you win more prominent and better parts to use. The Calling mode is a full scale space program experience where money is, really, a challenge and extraordinary general evaluation, open blessings, government contracts, and developed out tech are required to before you can even remain to send space adventurers on a flight. This is the most ""gamey"" it gets, with contracts addressing clearly described missions you can perform to get the most out of every flight. It's direct going, yet it's conceivably the most satisfying in light of the way that each new progress is earned.You will miss the mark at this beguilement. It will incapacitate you and it will stress you, in the meantime, when in doubt, it will quiet, quiet, and energize you. Inventive muscles will be reached out here that aren't augmented all the time by diversions, and more personality boggling minutes require a sort of zen past being essentially snap arranged for a stun strike. In reality, even dissatisfaction gives a lesson. Notwithstanding how huge or little the achievement, whatever else that ought to be conceivable is compelled just by your imaginative vitality. To be sure, even with its cartoonish entertainment factor and erraticisms, Kerbal Space Program has a for all intents and purposes holy respect for the minor miracles required in space travel, and even at its most troublesome, it justifies that respect thusly.(All reviews are recouped from the Internet and piped through a movement of identical word instruments three conditions both for amusingness and to extra time. In my religion, this is known as Art(TM), yet you can call it ""Threewording"")"
,Recommended,220200,13873980,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Brenwin,R.I.P Jebediah
,Recommended,220200,13948932,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,shekel,Kerbal Space Program is an excellent game if you like anything to do to aeronautics and space. You start off with limited parts but as you progress and do missions and launches you get gradually better and reach out further and further into the cosmos!The more you play the more possibilities are opened out to you and since I love doin sciency♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is just great for me! And I recommend it completely!
76561197994090402,Recommended,220200,27288236,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Space Raven,"Despite having had a lifelong love of rockets and space, I learned more in 2hrs playing this game about space travel than I thought possible."
76561198200251702,Recommended,220200,25079876,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,RedBarowen,11/10Would send a rescue mission for the rescue mission again.
76561198096079278,Recommended,220200,32905845,Posted: 27 June,all,FriendFive,"This game is just about perfect. It looks beautiful, has a whimsical sense of humor, and is very educational. The only thing that keeps me from playing it addictively is it's difficulty and steep learning curve. I enjoy it when I play it, but the progress is slow and it's hard for me to imagine that I'll ever get a Kerbal on the Mun much less get him back alive. I feel like I have just scratched the surface of what this game has to offer, but I know I will continue to play it from time to time. The developers did a fantastic job making such a serious simulator more accessible with the derpy Kerbals.PS - In my opinion, this is one of the most watchable games if you are part of the Twitch crowd. You can learn a lot from watching long time players. Plus, it's impressive to see the kinds of things people can do in this game when I just have trouble getting into a stable orbit."
,Recommended,220200,34907588,Posted: 12 September,all,EXON_Tiger,at this point you can probably make a new planet with all the scrap metal that is currently laying on the bottom of the kerbin ocean but at least I had fun.goes in depth is pretty hard at first but if you read what every part does then it shouldn't be hard figuring out how to get to space sooner or later.8.5/10
,Recommended,220200,25984480,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,aviin,"Kerbal Space Program.Those three words put a smile on my face every single time I hear them.  Endless hours of enjoyment bringing a sense of achievement that no other game can bring.  I've done so much, LEARNED so much.If you're a player who enjoys challenge, KSP is for you.If you're a player who enjoys space exploration, KSP is for you.If you're a player who enjoys experimentation, KSP is for youIf you're a player who enjoys actually learning something while playing, KSP is for you.If you're a player who enjoys a vibrant online community, KSP is for you.If you're a player who enjoys mod support, KSP is for you.If you're a player who enjoys games, KSP is for you.Buy it, plain and simple.  There's nothing else like it in all the world."
,Recommended,220200,15576163,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,RightSideofMike,Yes you need to know how rockets fly to play this game without crashing every time. But after playing a bit you will want to learn how rockets work and maybe one day make a rocket yourself in your backyard.......So I don't have a backyard anymore... bright side I now have a giant forever on fire pit who wants marshmallows...10/10 best $30 ever spent. $1 for every hour theory very well spent.
76561198297831848,Recommended,220200,28728208,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,King Domino III,"Kerbal Space Program is a beautiful game.Of course, I don't mean that in the graphical sense. The graphics aren't amazing, but I'm running the game at low power. It's what I expected. The physics are absolutely on point, though. I've learned a lot about space in my 50 hours of play. It does require some skill to pilot and trial and error to figure out which designs work. Timewarp is a handy feature. Youtubers like Scott Manley were godsends.So far, I have landed on the ""Mun."" I will be playing for many hours more.10/10"
76561198126957090,Recommended,220200,28925104,Posted: 1 January,all,Neat,"Kerbal space program has one of the most steep learning curves i've ever seen in a video game. It took me over 2 hours to learn how to get into orbit (this was before there was tutorials and your only salvation was scott manley), and by that time my periapsis was 60km and my apoapsis was 47000km. This game allows you to either make outrageous rockets and crash them into buildings, or choose to play it seriously and be frustrated for the first 20 hours. If you ever wish to pick this game up, it is extremely fun, which ever play style you choose, and pushing through the difficulty and landing on these far away celestial bodies was one of the most rewarding gaming experiences i have ever had; it kinda reminds me of defeating a boss in dark souls. Just remember when you first start playing that IT IS GOING TO BE DIFFICULT AND YOU WILL FAIL MANY TIMES. I spent 400 hours playing the game and im still playing it. Without a doubt i highly recommend it.*Also one of the most valuable tips i can give you is to use 'F5'; it saves the game at certain points and thus you can try your landing again if it fails."
,Recommended,220200,31449551,Posted: 29 April,all,Sc0uter,Great Game probably one that you will spend 300 hours+ on. 90/100.
,Recommended,220200,14319880,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,[MOSL]Rhinownage,You need this.
,Recommended,220200,23801366,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LeberMac,"If you've ever dreamed of launching your own rocket, or wanted to figure out how to keep ships in orbit, or wondered how hard it REALLY is to dock with an orbiting station with intricate and precise maneuvering, or aspired to land a craft on the remote moons of a gas giant while sweating your fuel reserves, then buy this game and play it today. (Spoiler: Landing on planets is HARD, Docking is HARDER.) With a wealth of mods, a great developer team and a rabid fanbase, this game is truly wonderful. It appeals to the explorer in all of us, if you're the type of person where the journey IS the destination, then this game is for you. Definitely not for those who prefer PvP shooty-type-stuff. Luckily I count myself among the former and can rate KSP 9/10 - highly recommended."
76561198213883337,Recommended,220200,34399216,Posted: 21 August,all,McScribble,"One of the best games for space flight simulation and design. Wraps exploration, aircraft design, and quirkiness all into one nice package.Would appeal to anyone interested in Aerospace fields.Mods are a must have, but give stock a try first."
76561198063133929,Recommended,220200,33149110,Posted: 2 July,all,baker86,"Best way to spend 5 hours to build a ship, launch it correctly, get to the moon and realize you forget a goddamn thermometer. So you restart, upgrade your rocket, get back to the moon and realize YOU STILL FORGOT THE STUPID THERMOMETER!!!! so you just build a plane and fly around untill you calm down and try again. Total time spent: 34 days"
,Recommended,220200,13371659,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,JC Fallen,Space. Fun. EXPLOSIONS!!!! This game is great.
,Recommended,220200,13699305,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BECK,Kerbal Death Simulator. 10/10 IGN
76561198051293973,Recommended,220200,19917398,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Womb Raider,"Create a plane, doesnt fly.Make a car, goes to space.10/10 would space again."
,Recommended,220200,15576253,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Bannanaface105,It will make you want to watch actual rocket launches in exitiment
,Recommended,220200,30587264,Posted: 18 March,all,[OKCU]airepal,"After 40 hours of play, I finally managed to land on the Mun. After spending a couple of minutes there, and the mandatory flag planting, we headed back to Kerbin. I was about to bask in the glory of Mun landing, but upon descending, somehow the parachute was not enough to slow down the crew module for a safe landing.Needles to say the 3 brave Kerbals came back from the darkness of space just to end their lives in the darkness of the deep sea."
76561198187635430,Recommended,220200,34277892,Posted: 16 August,all,gallopinggoose6,"This game is amazing! It does a good job of simulating how space ships work. It also doesn't leave out tons of silliness. Bugs are now minimal compared to what they once were, and you can pretty much turn Kerbal Space Program into what ever game you would like via the addition of mods such as a War Thunder recreated in the game, along with a still buggy multi-player! A must buy for any space enthusiast!"
,Recommended,220200,15418310,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Daniel@BlueBottleGames,Functional rocket Lego. Need I say more?
,Recommended,220200,15699952,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,MsKing,"After 3 Hrs of hard work .Losing more than 6 Kerbals .I came to know that parachutes doesn't work on Mun ( Moon ) .(10/10) Must buy , Must play Game."
76561198098297514,Recommended,220200,24452345,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Captain Awesome,Houston: Countdown 6..5..4..3..2..1 Main engine startHouston: we have lift offObiter 1: All systems nominalObiter 1: wait what is that (static)Houston: Hmmm what could've gone wrong lets send another
,Recommended,220200,12408026,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Hy0ga,"Launched a beatiful rocket, after MANY trials, with my state of the art two phased ""Orbital Refueler + Mun Lander"" capable of collecting all the shiny science I could find. After a sucessions of careful maneuvers, landed almost on top of the lauching plataform. Everyone died on a horrible explosion because the little green engineers forgot to attach parachutes on the capsule. Top 5 moments of my gaming life. 15/10"
,Recommended,220200,14976671,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Yureina,"Rocket Science! Explosions! Fun!Kerbal Space Program (KSP) puts you in charge of a space agency (think NASA) whose goals are... actually that's pretty much up to you. The game's career mode will give you missions you can accept, such as ""get a rocket into orbit"" or ""land on the Mun (Moon),"" and you get rewards for doing so such as research points to unlock more modules, prestige to do... stuff, and monies to pay for things. But really you can do whatever you please. And outside of career mode which structures your objectives and gameplay to an extent is a sandbox mode that lets you do as you please without worrying about unlocking things or having money for them.The game basically has two main aspects (three if you include the Career Mode stuff described above): building stuff to send into space, and then launching that stuff and making it do other stuff. Designing successful rockets (and later on spaceplanes) can be a bit difficult, since you have to worry about stuff like the weight, the power of the engines, maneuverability, and more. The 1.0 Update plans to add a tool that will let you see potential problems with your designs before you actually try them out, but until then you basically just have to wing it and hope that your designs don't crash or explode in a spectacular manner.Once you have your designed rockets (or spaceplanes), then you get to launch them and perform whatever ""mission"" you have chosen for yourself. You have to fly the craft yourself, which often requires great precision and timing. Assuming you don't just crash and die horribly, your biggest concern is fuel, and running out of it at a bad moment can make you go back down towards the planet (you did attach a parachute, right?) or leave you drifting in space unable to return home unless you can find some way to rescue them.This is not an easy game even on easy difficulty settings, but it is one that can give a real feeling of accomplishment when you make successful designs, achieve your first orbit, make that fateful landing on the Mun, and much more. It gives you an appreciation for the difficulties that real world space agencies face when planning or performing such missions.At the time of writing, KSP is still in early access, though its full release is not too distant. Regardless, this game is fully playable now and stands as one of the best early access games ever to make it to Steam. If you are interested in Science, and specifically space exploration, then you really should check this game out. Actually... if you like games period you should try this out. There is a demo, though it is of an older version of the game and therefore has far less than the main game does.Difficult, often frustrating, and yet an excellent game that makes you feel great when you succeed at something in it. :3"
76561198001844220,Recommended,220200,28232594,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Mr.Yellow,Very accurate and just epic game about space exploration and space travel. I recommend this game to everyone who likes space and building complex rockets and is not feared by a steep learning curve.
76561198020016152,Recommended,220200,31479897,Posted: 30 April,all,Topham,𝕐͔͔𝕠̻̼𝕦̪̠ ̡̟𝕄̟͕𝕦͉͉𝕤̠͙𝕥̝̼ ̪͉𝔹̙̠𝕦̢͙𝕪͇̳ ̪̪𝕋̝̝𝕙̙̦𝕚̘̳𝕤̞̟ ̟͔𝔾̺̠𝕒̳͜𝕞̠̺𝕖̡͎ ̟͜𝕋̪͚𝕠̢͖ ̳̺𝔸͓̼𝕡̡̻𝕡̝͍𝕖͙̝𝕒̫̘𝕤͙̘𝕖͉͉ ̡͉𝕋̡̻𝕙̡͚𝕖̝̺ ͇̳𝕂̘̳𝕣͔̺𝕒̫͔𝕜͉̘𝕖̢̻𝕟͓͍
,Recommended,220200,17973235,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,♥ Petter!~<33 ♥,Flying rockets without knowing the ♥♥♥♥ you're doing. 10/10
,Recommended,220200,9216272,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,LionsPhil,"This is:- how to do edutainment- a demonstration of the power of adding a little personality to an otherwise dry and difficult challenge, making failure hilarious instead, and success all that sweeter- sufficiently gameified that you can get to the moon-analogue and back using a wobbly stack of exploding things, steering with WASD, and do it within a few hours rather than years of meticulous planning and precision engineering- sufficiently accurate in the broad strokes that you can get a really good gut understanding of rocket science and orbital mechanics, and one of the most notable Lets Play-ers (Scott Manley) has a couple of physics and astronomy degrees- absolutely thriving with mods to push it further into either direction if you so desire (and as a pure utility, Kerbal Alarm Clock is excellent for managing scaling up to multiple concurrent interplanetary missions)- far, far more rewarding than a ""level up!"" screen when you set yourself a dot in the sky to visit, and finally make it there and back intact- an early access game which is worth the (inevitable sale) money for what's already been made (writing this as of version 0.23), not some nebulous future potential- why I have not had any ""free time"" for the past month- JEBEDIAH KERMAN, THRILLMASTER"
,Recommended,220200,15740941,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Smoke Fumus,"Why are you still not playing it?This game is as pivotal to sandbox games as was minecraft , but in a completely different department - depth.Simulated solar system, chance to experience and learn real (almost - still cut some corners - no la-grande points, orbits are mostly radial without additional simulation after a swing, but none the less) rocket science.Sense of achievement with this game is as huge as in dwarf fortress, when through error, misery, failure, countless tries you finally get your♥♥♥♥♥to <s>mars</s> Duna. And it only goes up from there.And then there are mods. My. GOD. Modding scene for this game gone above and beyond:You want attachment systems? Sure.You want to mine? Since 1.0 - embedded, but there are also kethane and open resource system.You want to build rockets on distant planets - sure - Extraplanetary launchpads got you covered.You want even more? How about warp drive and additional systems mod?Want more realism? TAS Mods got you covered with food, water and waste resources.Want working actuators? Infernal robotics got you covered.I got more than 600 hours of gameplay out of this game (300+ on steam, 300 prior) and it still has a little bit more to offer, and with newer mods coming around - it is always fun to occasionally get back to it.This game is like a good song or a good movie - memorable, can be watched/listened a dozen times and never gets old.So, once again, why are you still not playing it?"
76561198032088872,Recommended,220200,14919359,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,SR71,"This game taught me everything I know about orbital mechanics and spaceflight. Easily my most favorite game ever,"
,Recommended,220200,731594,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,YandereDev,"An extremely fun game for anyone who is enthusiastic about spaceships and spacetravel, enjoys sandbox gameplay where you get to goof around endlessly, and/or loves to watch things explode."
,Recommended,220200,25022164,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Atlas,"large learning curve, but overall the best.love it. recommend it."
76561197975329703,Recommended,220200,33132715,Posted: 2 July,all,Jaime Kubovski-Käki,"The game that taught me that the best solution to every problem is to add more rockets. It works every time. Well, almost every time. Sometimes everything just blows up even more spectacularly.Kerbal Space Program offers a great balance between simulation and playability. Everything is realistic enough that you can actually use the game to help you understand rocket science, but at the same time the game is not too realistic and difficult."
76561197966093580,Recommended,220200,16821467,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"One word: SPACCCCCCEEEEEEE.But seriosly,  i love this game, and i learned a crap ton about rocket science, kinda makes me wise i was still a kid when i found this game so i could have go to collage to be a rocket scientist so i could go work for nasa...."
76561198101228352,Recommended,220200,14475593,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,bonejangles,"Even though still in Beta, a great game with mods more enjoyable than fuitcake. Definately would recommend to all.10/10"
76561198278445675,Recommended,220200,33254601,Posted: 4 July,all,_Bhoy_,"i absolutly love this game,ive been playing it for a couple months and is is so fun."
76561198023268403,Recommended,220200,10442754,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Dontmakemeeatyou,Genocide Simulator1337/420
76561198041042598,Recommended,220200,12278313,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Dez,"This is an amazing game!  From the beginning, when only sandbox mode was avalible, to all the goodness we have now it has been fun the whole time.  I look forward to the full release and seeing everything the devs add and meke even better.This game is for you if, like me, you loved/still love to build with legos!"
,Recommended,220200,13546484,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Willy A. Jeep,"They Crashed The Last Pre-Test Flight,Zero Hour, Nine AM,And I'm Gonna Be A Satellite By Then...I Miss Kerbin So Much,I Miss My Snacks,I'm Hungry Out In Space,On Such An Endless Flight...And I Think It's Gonna Be A Long Long Time,'Till Touchdown Brings Me Round Again To Find,They've Eaten All My Snacks Away Back Home,Oh, no no no!I'm A Rocket Man!Rocket Man!Burning Up This Fuel Up Here Alone!And I Think It's Gonna Be A Long Long Time,'Till Touchdown Brings Me Round Again To Find,They've Eaten All My Snacks Away Back Home,Oh, no no no!I'm A Rocket Man!Rocket Man!Burning Up This Fuel Up Here Alone!Duna Ain't The Place To Strand Your Kerbals,In Fact, It's Cold As Vall,And The Kraken's There To Get Them, If You Did...And All The Science I Don't Understand,No, Really, I Don't Even Know,A Rocket Man, Rocket Man!And I Think It's Gonna Be A Long Long Time,'Till Touchdown Brings Me Round Again To Find,They've Eaten All My Snacks Away Back Home,Oh, no no no!I'm A Rocket Man!Rocket Man!Burning Up This Fuel Up Here Alone!And I Think It's Gonna Be A Long Long Time,'Till Touchdown Brings Me Round Again To Find,They've Eaten All My Snacks Away Back Home,Oh, no no no!I'm A Rocket Man!Rocket Man!Burning Up This Fuel Up Here Alone...And I Think It's Gonna Be A Long Long Time...And I Think It's Gonna Be A Long Long Time...And I Think It's Gonna Be A Long Long Time...----No, Seriously, Buy This Game. There's a lot of mathematics, lots of science, and plenty of time to feel good about getting to where you're going, but in the end...We're all just in it to watch some poor LGM explode after their rocket prematurely decouples."
,Recommended,220200,32903040,Posted: 27 June,all,didlidi1984,"Simply, one of the best game I own.If you want challenges and don't mind fail a couple of time before succeeding, this game is for you.Pro- Learn physics,- Travel into space- When you realize you forgot something on your ship and can't go backCon- Waiting, but it's part of the deal in space travel"
,Recommended,220200,23311619,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Typhoon Man o' War,"In Space, Mr. Bond, no one can hear you scream... except for me!BTW, This is a great game I love it because I love Space.One of my favorite games in my Library.10/10 SPAAACE!"
76561198004427797,Recommended,220200,33180301,Posted: 3 July,all,Dirksy,This game should be on everyone's list to play.
,Recommended,220200,22107450,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,bagelsmith,"The best simulation game I've ever played! The stock game is amazing enough for trying to get to orbit, and other planets (very hard, still havent landed everywhere in one trip.. after 1000 hours). Also boats and land vehicles if you're into that (on other planets too why not?). But with mods... it can become every other sim game youve ever wanted! And a handy community run mod database and manager (CKAN) to make it easy!Flight combat sim: install realistic aerodynamic mod and weapons mod to make your own F15s fight your own Su-27s (FAR and BDarmory).Colony building: there are life support and resource collecting mods that challenge you to scan for the right site and use resources on any of the planets to sustain a colony of kerbals; even manufacture new parts there (MKS, TAC lifesupport, extraplanetary launchpads, scansat, remotetech).Hardcore realistic simulation? Theres a mod that converts the stock star system to a 1:1 scale replica of the solar system, with real-life satellite data used (real solar system, realism overhaul, probably more mods - these are too scary for me). Realism overhaul I think uses historical rocket data so you can create saturn-V replicas with the accurate fuel mixtures and everything!Or go the other way and get futuristic mods to create antimatter powered near-light speed craft to visit entire other solar systems (nearfuture, KSPinterstellar)!And with the new 1.1 release on Unity 5, you may actually be able to use these mods without running out of memory!Between the great modding community and active devs (for over 5 years!) this game will continue to get better and better, so even at full price of $40 its a great deal!"
,Recommended,220200,25189162,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,prwnd,"The short and easy scientific observation mission turned into a half day long, nerve-racking rescue expedition. Scott Manley would be proud."
76561198119272597,Recommended,220200,21508944,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Gecko,"First game on Steam I've been willing to take time to write a because I feel this game deserves it. Yes it's a long review, however again, this game deserves it.GAME DESCRIPTION:You own the Kerbal Space Program and your facility is equipped to launch various rockets off the launch pad or aircraft off a runway to send items in orbit, dock with orbiting stations, travel/survey/land on other planets, conduct science experiments, take samples and materials from planets/asteroids, build bases on other planets, or just explore. Campaign mode allows you to start with very basic rocketry equipment and buildings in which you can accept contracts that offers rewards of money and science you can use to purchase upgrades of buildings and research additional items to further your mission capabilities. In addition, you can hire new Kerbals to your crew that includes pilots, scientist, and engineers and advance their effectiveness with each successful mission. If you'd like to skip to the good stuff and jump right into the action, you can play in Sandbox mode which already has everything unlocked and nothing cost money. Sandbox mode also allows you to save your progress so you can always comeback and continue sending things up in space.PROS:+The unbelievably accurate physics and mechanics are always fun+Near endless possibilities of various rockets, satellites, space stations you can build.+Can send fueling ports, stations, satellites, or rockets in orbit and let them orbit in real-time while you build something else to dock, refuel, rendezvous with it, etc. You could do this 100s of times and have thousands of things orbiting whatever celestial body you chose.+Can be played as a sandbox type game or campaign+The solar system is insanely vast. If you were not not speed up time in travel, travel time is very accurate. 2 days to get to the moon and years to get to the outer planets (in near real-time). Thank God they included time warp lol!+Extremely HARD at first = pure joy and satisfication when you accomplish what you're trying to acheive.+Music is fun and fitting depending upon your location. Beautiful galatic music plays in space+Beautiful space visuals. Although I'd recommend a few visual mods to enchance this+Minimal bugs/glitches. I've had one crash of the game in 60 hours, however I believe it was my computer :). Otherwise, I haven't ran into any gamebreaking glitches.+User interface for building the rocket is VERY user friendly and makes it downright fun to use your imagination to build somethingCONS:-I feel the tutorials are lacking. While there are some tutorials to help you get started and they're very helpful, There's nothing that really explains what most of the items to build your rocket do. Instead, most item descriptions are just funny little paragraphs that doesn't always explain the item's function. While I do like the comical approach and it seems fitting for the game, it should at least always say exactly what function the item serves and/or why you may need it. Or, there should be a tutorial on every item and it's use (like what batteries, docking ports, thermal reactors, decouplers, etc. do)-While I did state in the pros there's endless possibilites of what you can build, I still feel almost all items available are still lacking in variety - such as engines, fuel tanks, lights, batteries, RCS pods, science, structural, and aerodynamics to name a few. Mods do ease this and offer many more to chose from, however I've found many mods to be graphically glitchy and some I've found that do work I felt should've been included stock in game.-Campaign contract requirements are VERY aggravating at times. Sometimes they make no sense and feel out of place. For example, one contract has you test a specific rocket while submerged in water...really? So you have to launch, navigate over water, land safely in the water, and then boost your rockets while submerged - in which they do absolutely nothing other than just burn out...just weird, but ok (yes I realize some planets have water). Some people may like this, but I've found no use for contracts like these.In addition to the above, I feel the contracts cause the campaign to way too slow and become frustrating due to them being tedious and many being repetive that require you to test the same item, but it just changes the requirements making it a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ For example, one rocket you may have to just test at 50,000km...easy enough. But then another contract will be offered to test the same item, but at 52,000km, not in orbit, and within 450-500m/s. So you may be at 52,000km but if you test it at 501m/s or 449m/s, you fail. Quite aggravating and again, this may not be a con for some, but I feel tests/contracts like these are a waste of time spending hours trying to get everything right, making the campaign move and feel VERY slow and near non-rewarding.OVERALL:That said, if you like space or anything space related, get this...period. I've played 75 hours and I've litterally scratched the surface of what you can do. I've managed to place items into orbit, build and dock stations, orbit satellites for research, and land and return from the moon. However, I still have yet to learn building rovers, advanced science stations, traveling to other planets, etc.  When I zoom out after I've traveled to the moon and look at the solar system, it's insane how large the solar system is. It makes it look like I've just merely accomplished stepping out on my front doorstep - even though the in-game and real-world travel time was days. This game offers thousands of hours of gameplay and I've not come remotely close to losing interest. It's no doubt the best (if not only) realistic space-mission simulator with nearly an endless amount of possibilities and customizations. It lets your imaginations run wild. However, that said, be warned it's a simulator that takes patience! If you lack patience, this is not for you. But if you have patience, when you finally accomplish what you want the feeling of satisfaction is like no other!RATING: 8.5/10-1.5 as I do feel the campaign could be a bit better if it offered better contracts making it easier to get into, some item choices lack variety (again, alleviated with mods), and item's descriptions, tutorials, and purpose of use is severely lackingEdit: Thank you Kevin for pointing out the saving process. It's not described anywhere in game (that I could find), so thank you for that."
,Recommended,220200,26897993,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xeoz,"Short Version:Wonderful engineering game. Great challenges, countless hours of fun, very satisfying experience. The more effort you put into learning how to play the more rewarding the game becomes. I believe that KSP is an absolute must-have game for anyone who likes building things.Long Version:Pros:Challenging tasks that require significant planning and engineeringI've probably spent two-thirds of my game time simply starring at the vehicle assembly window planning and tinkering with my space ships to get them to perform a specific job. This game heavily rewards forethought and competence.Wide variety of vessel components that can be combined in virtually limitless waysAfter you've unlocked most of the tech tree (or in sandbox) you have a lot of parts at your disposal. With some talent and imagination you can craft some astonishingly clever (and beautiful) space craft.Intuitive and flexible ship building systemThe one thing in this game that doesn't take 20 hours of research to be competent with is the vehicle assembly system. Even a complete novice can launch the game and start sticking parts together (learning the parts is another story). But like everything else, there is a skill to it, and it rewards learning advance techniques.Players are encouraged to ""eyeball it"" and fly their rockets manuallyPersonally, I like that the game wants me to fly by the seat of my pants and guide my space ships by hand. It is very rewarding to learn orbital mechanics and figure out how to maneuver my rocket.Endlessly mod-ableThe developers spent some time to make almost every aspect of the game open for modding. Thanks to this effort there is a very healthy ecosystem of mods that can change the game to your preference.EducationalWhile not the primary focus of the game, you will learn about physics in space. Orbital mechanics, delta V, acceleration and mass, just to name a few.Cons:Vessel physics is really quite badWobbly ships that act like they're held together with rubber bands. For a game which is basically a big physics simulator, the one place where the physics engine actually matters completely falls short. This can be seriously frustrating when it destroys rockets for no obvious reason.The game chokes on large or complex shipsEarly on you will notice that there is a ""Part count"" number shown when building ships. Later on you will learn why. When you reach a certain number of parts (the number varies based on computer performance) the game starts choking and has major FPS drops. If you're building a very large space station you may find that it becomes nearly unplayable as you add more components.No tutorial or basic flight school to help new players become proficientThis game has an exponential learning curve. Unfortunately new players have virtually no in-game resources to learn basic flight proficiency. Just accept that you're going to have to do some research and watch hours of youtube videos before you have a chance of even reaching one of the moons.Little to do on other celestial bodiesWhile the addition of resources has helped greatly, nine times out of ten, after spending hours designing your vessel, carefully planning and timing your flight, and painstakingly setting down on another world - you will step out, look around for 10 seconds, then hop back in and fly home. It's really rather anti-climactic."
76561198006523855,Recommended,220200,2374527,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,IronSides,"Love this game, one of those games you can always come back to and play for life :D"
,Recommended,220200,15592395,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Mr Stonebender,"This is far and away the most entertaining game I've ever played. Which is not to say that an FPS isn't more exciting or anything, but because of the stellar physics engine and the game's foundation in real-world orbital physics, I have never had my brain more taxed while learning to play a game. And because of that, when you finally do succeed in a Mun landing, or even your first Kerbin orbit, the amount of satisfaction is just insane. Because it's not *just* about better reflexes, or a stronger sense of strategy—You succeed in KSP based on *actual knowledge* gained during gameplay. (And many, many hours of tutorials and failure...)So yeah. Get it. It'll satisfy all kinds of nerdery in the best way."
,Recommended,220200,15584987,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Net-burst,"Very good game, if you'r into space. It will take hours off your life in a pleasant way :)"
,Recommended,220200,15729860,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Germz,"I bought this game pre alpha... I watched it grow and grow until now finally its out of beta and is officially released 1.0. The developers of this game should be commended for sticking to their guns and finishing the project. Each update provided a TON of new stuff, slowly changing this game from a sandbox into a fully functional single player game (which still can be played in sandbox mode).I have over 240 hours playing this game and have still not achieved all thats accomplishable. This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Plain and simple. Squad, thank you for putting the time and effort into finishing this project and not walking away with everyone's money as so many early release developers have done. This is what early access is all about!"
76561198043882911,Recommended,220200,25660916,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,gar_teg,"This game is pretty perfect.  Don't buy it if you expect a story or an immersive career mode.  Do buy it if you want to spend hundreds of hours building realistic-style rockets and trying to fly to the Mun, other planets and their moons, etc... and exploding spectacularly TONS of times.A++ game"
76561198051509656,Recommended,220200,7934153,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Dr. Spaceman,"Kerbal Space Program is one of the best sandbox games I've played, even though it is currently in development. You are given unlimited possibilities in a number of settings, be it orbit, on the surface of your home planet Kerbin, or even on another heavenly body, such as the cleverly named Mün, or Duna, a Mars like planet.  On the sandbox aspect, you are given loads of different odds and ends to do as you please with, and the only limit is your imagination.  Things like replica space-planes, and huge space-stations await you in this new universe. Don't expect to be a pro right away though, as fifty-one hours into the game even I still have mishaps. The KSP community is incredibly supportive however, and there are great sources for help. If you get bored with what the developers give you, it is made incredibly easy to add plugins and part-packs to the game, with a website called the SpacePort. KSP is a great game for all ages, too, because unlike the theme nowadays of shoot-em-up and gore, you are challenged with expanding the frontiers of your own race of little green men."
76561197970403229,Recommended,220200,34022137,Posted: 4 August,all,GrimMonkey,Who doesn't want to build the first rocket to the Sun?
76561198052345955,Recommended,220200,30779051,Posted: 27 March,all,auryan16,"622 hours in so far. Wish i had known about the advancing of time 600 hours ago, regret not doing the tutorials now.Seriously good game but come on squad, where are recoverable parts on other planets to reassemble to travel to another dimension and the nukes to eradicate the current habitants. You know Jabediah would be grinning ear to ear dropping a nuke on a peaceful civilization. 7/5 would play another 600 hours with nukes."
76561197961916685,Recommended,220200,15613495,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,CT | Purgatory's Abomination,"My first flight to kerbal orbit was an exploding experience just 1000 meters above Kerbin.And a few missions later I managed to finally get in a stable orbit around Kerbin.I was happy.Then I set myself up to a higher level: the Mun.And that is what happend:I flew to the Mun, I passed it.And now my three crewmembers are in a stable orbit around the sun far far away from Kerbin.RIP"
,Recommended,220200,22847787,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Haloshs,"Best space-builder/simulator on steam. Really funny game for new players, But still offers hard challenges to experienced players."
76561197970553586,Recommended,220200,15664643,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,keenbs,"i personally do not like this game, however i do recommend it because if you like space craft building sims then you will enjoy this. Great sim just im not the target audience."
76561198030774954,Recommended,220200,14040462,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,TheReadPanda,"One of the best simulation games out there, by far better than pretty much any other space sim game I've found. Beats the Buzz Aldrin new release by galaxies. Devs are responsive, mod community is great. Even great guys on Twitch streaming how to do things. This is just in beta now but it has so much you can do and with the mods out there you can quite literally make it as easy or hard as you want. Want to worry about life support? Sure! Want to have nasty heat reentry problems? there's a mod for that!And they keep adding some of the best mod elements to the game as well, and are constantly improving it. I recommend this to anyone almost. Sure no shooting but they do have a mod out there that lets you build things with bombs and the like and there /is/ a multiplayer mod so maybe? Ha!I'd say it isn't rocket science but it is! But it is accessable rocket science. :D"
76561198166882473,Recommended,220200,33467573,Posted: 11 July,all,Robonator25,"After nearly 500 hours of playing KSP, I feel pretty confidant in giving an accurate review. This was one of the first games that I bought, and I've never regretted it. I bought ksp because I'm interested in space, and I thought ""hey, this game seems fun"". In fact, I found out that this game can be purely addicting. If you like building rockets and sending little green men into space, then this game is for you. The rockets that you build can be extremely simple, or as complex as you want. And with the amount of mods available for this game, the possibilities are endless.--> PROS- The game is very forgiving- consistent updates- mods mods mods- the career mode is a fun challenge- graphics look amazing- Can be cheap during sales- did i mention mods?--> CONS- The science tree can drag at some points- Can be frustrating at some points- THE KRAKEN (glitches and bugs)- some mods can bork the gameCONCLUSION - buy this game if you love space, physics, and a challenge."
,Recommended,220200,499636,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,Sektan,I recommend it !    :)
76561198089591842,Recommended,220200,15856477,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Robin009988,"Do you like space?Do you like sandbox-type games?Do you like explosions?Are you in for a challenge?Then this is the game for you!Although this game has quite a steep learning curve, once you get past that (the community will surely help you), you can have many, many hours of fun. The possibilities are endless; from satellites to space planes and from lunar bases to interplanetary holidays.I can definitely recommend this game"
,Recommended,220200,12330015,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Well at least it's not rocket sci– ...oh
,Recommended,220200,15711900,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,FURRY BIOPUNK OCCULTISM,"Imagine the movie Apollo 13, but as a video game. It is intense as balls.Plus, after going to the moon a couple times, you'll understand more about spaceflight than all of your friends combined!"
,Recommended,220200,33683480,Posted: 20 July,all,YummierTuba,"This game is truly brilliant! If you have any interest at all in space and astronomy or just creating rovers, planes and spaceships, GET THIS GAME. I'm not much of a gamer but I have nearly 500hrs put into KSP alone. There is so much to do. So many wonderful opportunities. From building your own space agency from the ground up to creating crazy, amazing and mostly useless contraptions that just make you laugh, this game is truly a marvel! I have never reviewed a game but this deserves a shoutout. Well worth every penny(and every heart-wrenching moment your ship is destroyed on impact after years of travelling to the planets at the outer reaches of this spectacular solar system). Kerbal Space Program will not disappoint!"
,Recommended,220200,12278777,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Boxman,Truly the greatest game I've ever played.
,Recommended,220200,15763940,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Five Guys Burgers & Fries,"Kerbal Space Program provides both funny cartoony actions and sounds, with realism and freedom. The game cannot get any better, especially with mods."
,Recommended,220200,33459869,Posted: 11 July,all,COOL DUDE!,"We choose to go to the Mun!... We choose to go to the Mun in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because I ran out of fuel and stranded jeb there."
,Recommended,220200,32862247,Posted: 27 June,all,Pulseer,The better minions
,Recommended,220200,15133421,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,"His Excellency, Maximillian Hess","An amazing flight/space simulator, with amazing depth and detail, as well as vast scope. From building space-pleanes(and not-so-space planes), to hi-tech rockets to land on everything from the mun to Dres, as well as do orbital science, this game is a incredible space program simulator.In addition, it is fully modable(and has a huge modding community with hundreds if not thousands of mods), and has cooperated with big-name groups like the ESA and NASA.I highly recommend buying this, and i can only say, there is no such thing as to many struts, and check(and then RE-check) your stages. And then check them for a third time, just to be sure........Easily, 11/10Addendum:With the update to 1.0, this game only gets better, They redid the atmospheric model, tweaked all the parts to be more realistic, and added tons of new parts to the game. And of course, if its something they didnt include, you can be sure some modder on Curse or the KSP forums made a mod for it. It is so expansive, i cant even go over all of it here. Check out Scott Manley's YouTube channel for in-depth learning on how to play, and just get right into it, it is well worth the buy, and the time.20/10."
,Recommended,220200,9710108,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,狐 Tete,"Fly Little green ♥♥♥♥♥ into space, get science ??? rinse and repeat10/10 play foreveralso get mods, mods make it better, but will more than likely break with each update, but its a small price to play this glorious game o3o"
,Recommended,220200,15716954,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ヒロシ Noir,"Before KSP : normal person.After KSP : astronomer, rocket scientist, and space engineer.10/10 - Would launch Kerbals to their deaths again"
,Recommended,220200,14753719,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Ribi_Pultz,"I bought this game during one of the Steam sales a year or so ago. I did not start playing until 3 days ago. After 3 days playing, I'm at 21.7 hours.-Am I playing because I couldn't attend Space Camp back in the day?Yes-Am I playing because I'm still waiting for NASA to give me a response to the Astronaut application I sent them?Yes-Am I playing because the Johnson Space Center in Houston has blocked me from attending ""Meet an Astronaut Friday""?Yes, but please don't tell the authorities!Great game!You get to build your own space craft, satellite, Lunar Lander. You can go to the Mun!Honestly, one of the best things about this game is the fact that you can build your own space craft and THEN optimize your craft to try and conquer the galaxy. A problem solving game at it's finest!"
76561198111489564,Recommended,220200,26114518,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Stephanie,This is a really good game if you like space and stuff. SCIENCE
76561198074403875,Recommended,220200,12045336,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Jeff,The best game I have ever played since sliced bread :D
,Recommended,220200,10058844,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,[tP] Skeletor | NSS |,1. Build rocket plane.2. Attempt launch rocket plane.3. Attempt to launch: Failed.4. Hmmm.5. Needs more rockets. Yes.6. MOAR ROCKETS
,Recommended,220200,22835024,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Spicy,"From the papers of Wojak Feel 2/26/1962:I have enjoyed every second of the 220 hours that I have played of this game. I have built over 2000 spaceships for the Kerbals so that they can get to the various planets in their solar system. It is a process of trial and error in building these spaceships since they tend to fall apart quite easily and when they do it has catastrophic results for the Kerbals manning them. I have conducted inventory this past Tuesday and I can report that as of this past week 26,000 Kerbals have lost their lives in service to their planet. The families of these Kerbals receive my deepest condolences and I am putting forth a motion with the Interplanetary League of Kerbal Nations (ILKN) to aid in providing financial reimbursement to help with funeral expenses and life insurance claims. In watching these brave Kerbals and Gerbals lose their lives I have inadvertently discovered a new passion. Killing Kerbals is to date the most exhilarating thing I have ever done. I thoroughly enjoy watching the life slip out of the eyes of these Kerbals as they are crushed under structural beams after the collapse of a separator ring or as they suffocate after the cabin is flooded with carbon monoxide due to an engine malfunction. I am therefore issuing a call to arms to the rest of the galaxy. This vermin has lived under us for long enough. I will petition the various solar systems to supply me with the necessary forces to complete my mission of mass genocide. I see the future as a joyous one where, having crushed the Kerbals, the various nations of this great galaxy of ours can rise above the shattered remains of the Kerbal Empire and join hands as a beautifully diverse master race. This is the promise I make to you my listeners: I will thoroughly destroy the Kerbals and everything they hold dear. I will be the scourge of the Kerbal Empire and will not rest until every last insignificant spec of Kerbal scum burns and I can take my place as king of the ashes. I swear by the staff of Jehovah that by the time I die, I will have destroyed every last trace of the Kerbal Empire and its commonwealth. I will meet every Kerbal I find without mercy or remorse. I will expend every resource I have to wipe the Kerbals off the face of every planet that they inhabit. No matter where they run, no matter what loyalist swine that they cower behind, I will seek out and destroy them with brutal efficiency. There will be no leniency, no forgiveness, no chance for appeal. The empire and its corrupt senators will be a stain on the face of history and even after their obliteration I will work tirelessly to make sure that this stain is thoroughly bleached out. I am also announcing the re-militarization of the Koprulu sector once the arms embargo is lifted. The annexed Kerbal colony on Duna will be used as a base of operations for this re-militarization and I am currently in negotiations with the Aldemari Republic to supply several Minotaur-Class fleets for the rebel navy including battle cruisers, frigates, and capitol ships. We have hired many privateering firms including the famous Black Sun crime syndicate to undertake raids on the Kerbals' trade routes. These privateers should not be needed for long however, as I have issued a galaxy wide decree that whoever does not cease all trade with the Kerbals by star-date 66155.3 will suffer the full extent of my power. In order to destroy the Kerbals we must also neutralize the solar systems allied with them. The Kerbal allied systems as well as their hired mercenary groups are as follows: Kairon, Flaxo, Kelnar, Ara Aquarii, Aquila Icarus, Calesius prime, Zodiac-355, Oculus cloud, Xm-934, and BBA 19J. I will give each of these systems a chance to pledge allegiance to the rebel cause before they are utterly destroyed. In order to disarm the vast Kerbal military I have issued arrest warrants for over 3000 Kerbal army officers. Further I am offering a reward of 600,000 xaljats to anyone who manages to apprehend the band of outlaws known as the Kerman Brothers. I will see Commander Jebediah Kerman of the 35th Kerbal regiment brought to justice for his crimes against the United Galactic Federation and will use the planet destroying laser currently in development to obliterate his home world of Kerbin prime while he watches. I can assure you that he will not be able to talk his way out of this punishment like he has so many times before. He will be helpless to save his planet just like I was helpless to save mine. In conclusion, I will impart with you the famous last words of Admiral Jorney Kerman before I flayed him alive at the Battle of Kelnard's pass: ""I really wish I wasn't here right now. Uh oh now my skin is gone."""
76561198115837738,Recommended,220200,28826432,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,☣ Assault Potato ☣,"Never in my life would I have thought that I would ever learn things like prograde and retrograde, apoapsis and periapsis, orbital mechanics, delta-V, decouplers, aerodynamics, the relationship between centre of thrust, centre of lift and centre of mass.And never in my life would I have thought I would have so much fun in doing so.This game has a very steep learning curve, but part of the fun (and frustration) is experimenting and trying out new ideas - and failing, and then failing again. But once you reach the eventual success of designing a vessel that could complete that pesky contract, or completing your first orbit, or successfully landing on the Mun without toppling over for the seventh time, it feels like all those hours repeatedly failing (and having fun) had really been nothing."
,Recommended,220200,13233962,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,DRM,"I was about to write a review, but I am too busy playing it. Just buy this game - the best game I 've played in recent years."
,Recommended,220200,15619880,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,DaJanitor,"Challenger, nor Joseph Stalin got♥♥♥♥♥♥on me for the amount of innocent kerbals I've murdered in deep space or the fact I didn't add enough fuel to slow down.....again."
,Recommended,220200,14431669,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Ottomic,It's some kind of third person FTL but I haven't played it a lot tbh.
,Recommended,220200,14934946,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,pertbanking,Do you wish for an opportunity to explore the universe without having to worry about your resources being eaten away by the government's new healthcare system?Then this game is the game for you.
,Recommended,220200,12819261,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Emperor_Meer,"This is an absoloutely amazing game that is so good I wouldn't know it was an Early acess if it didn't say it in big letters at the bottom of the store page. My only critism, the game has now become to intesive for my computer and I am getting a new one just for this game."
,Recommended,220200,22519855,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Roberta.FLAC,Yeah it's okay I guess.
,Recommended,220200,32886835,Posted: 27 June,all,D.ツ,10/10 would crash again.
76561197997358818,Recommended,220200,27304197,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheXRuler,"For anyone that enjoys a challenging learning curve, building stuff that works and is interested in spaceflight this game is a must have.I have played this game a lot, and I can only reccomend it. There is a staggering amount of things to do, and more ways to go about accomplishing these things than can be listed.One thing that really strikes me is that there is always room for improvement. Sure you can build a humungus rocket to go to the moon, but maybe you are like me and like a challenge, so instead you take the time to perfect the rocket and get there and back with barely any margin.With KSP Squad has managed to make a remarkable game, one of a kind, and one that will be played for a long time. They continously keep updating the game with new content, tweaks etc., the community is great and the modding community in particular is stunning. Some of the Devs even have their own mods, pet projects etc. and the general quality standard for mods is incredibly high.KSP's aerodynamics are too simple? There is a mod for that!Bigger rocktes?  There is a mod for that!SciFi looking parts?  There is a mod for that!In depth colonization and resource system? Non-OP Space age technology (fusion, plasma etc)? Real scale everything? Realism? Beautification?  There is a mod each and every one of these and far, far more! And CKAN makes it ridiculously easy to install them all.TLDR; BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,220200,11972549,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,lajoswinkler,"I'm one of those people who never bought a game, relying on piracy for almost 15 years. KSP changed that.During more than one year of playing it and perhaps even 2000 hours of game time collected, I've never regret the spent money.As this is a work in progress, it can't be fully evaluated, but judging by the current status, it has crossed the line of just having a potential to become big. It really became big.Its Unity engine doesn't allow it to be very flexible for the developers because the bottleneck is Unity itself. Nevertheless, the game graphics is visually appealing.This is one of the most stable WIP games ever. Crashes are very rare even if one tweaks the game using various plugins and mods.It's educational, it's open to expanding by others and the community is fantastic. One of the most peaceful communities I've encountered online, probably due to the fact that such games aren't generally appealing to aggressive types of people.There is still much work to be done, but I already see this as one of the games that will become important in the history of computer games."
,Recommended,220200,24128846,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Minimaul,"KSP is a space program sandbox withpersonality.The core gameplay is solid and improves with every major patch - recent patches seriously improved the aerodynamics for example.The game has some seriously hard parts such as in-orbit rendevous and docking - but there are lots of mods to help with this (MechJeb for example).The best part about this game for me is that it feels like you have achieved something when you first manage to get into orbit, or first manage to get to the Mun."
,Recommended,220200,12827165,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Millerman_,"Kerbal Space Program is a fun and exciting sandbox game where you can make rockets, fill them with kerbals and shoot them into space. Its and game jammed packed with hours of entertainment and loads of explosions!"
76561197976240239,Recommended,220200,12408297,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,USMCWall,"A very fun and intuitive twist on space exploration, control every aspect of your own NASA. From finances to actually building the rockets and actually landing on the Mun (Moon) as well as various other planets, all the while mindlessly exploding Kerbals into great balls of fire. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys tinkering and building stuff, as well as blowing it up."
,Recommended,220200,9835905,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Jimbobiss,Got stuck in space for 4 years - 10/10
,Recommended,220200,15647593,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Enterprise1701,"It's like being Wernher von Braun.Except without the part where you build weapons of mass destruction for the Nazis.Ok, bad example."
,Recommended,220200,15574004,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,zombiecop4150,There are no words to explain how much I love this game. How can such a simple thing be so awesome. Brings out my nerdy side and makes me wish I could go back in time and study phyics.
,Recommended,220200,9051804,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,woopie,spaaaaaaaaaaaaaace
76561197993592127,Recommended,220200,14046673,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Fiss,Learning advanced orbital physics and delta V equations was NEVER this much fun!  There's something for everyone in this game - be it the joys of throwing together cool looking aircraft or claiming every rock and gas giant in the solar system for your own.  Try it out.  You won't be disapointed - and if you're not careful you might learn something about aerospace engineering while you're at it.
76561198135122351,Recommended,220200,15717708,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,_b1ack0ut,"Attempted to put a kerbal in the sun.Slingshotted off, and broke orbit.Jeb is now moving away from the known universe 53.5 times the speed of lightHonestly though, I cannot recommend KSP enough.This is not a game. it is an experience.11/10 would transcend time and space again"
76561198009088985,Recommended,220200,18704963,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Frosty Steve,"It's like being part of mission control in 'The Martian'... except I suck at math, so Matt Damon dies pretty much every time."
,Recommended,220200,14134456,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Elena,"A must have for space/rocket fans!KSP provides a large set of components and functionality with a relatively bug-free simulation of physics.I've read reviews mentioning repetitive crashes or the lack of Steam Workshop integration, I personally had 2 KSP crashes in all my game time (77 hours) so that is fairly alright. The mod installation is as simple as putting the mod folder into your GameData folder, that's it.Talking about mods, the mod support seems to be great. I've never looked into modding it myself, but since there are mods adding mineable ressources to planetoids or doing complete mapping scans from certain orbits there is a lot of room there :)Who do I recommend this to?""Engineers"": People that like to Trial&Error in games, that like taking challenges and eventually mastering them. In KSP, the difficulty of these challenges depends on you (i.e. sending two rockets with station segments into orbit or try it in one turn, which is more cost efficient etc etc)""Organizers"": People that love doing stuff as calculating orbits (orbital period, ""best suitable inclination"" and so on), Thrust-To-Mass Ratios and all the tons of numbers you find in rocket science :P""Pilots"": People that have fun with coordinating a vessel in space near a fragile station to it's docking port ;)Most of you will be all three of them, but interestingly you can lay your focus on whichever you want.Also the humor of the game is amazing, so from my side:A BIG YES to Kerbal Space Program!(PS: If you decide to buy it now, check out Scott Manley's KSP tutorials. He's kind of the iconic figure of KSP tutorials and it will make your first hours a LOT more understandable)"
76561198078808547,Recommended,220200,26204742,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Toph629,Struts
,Recommended,220200,15813901,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,DuckTheCow,It is very good for people of all ages to have fun with science and explotions.
76561198074626152,Recommended,220200,26602957,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,xXThunderCatXx,Great game to play when your wifi is bad or down and even when you have wifi. Fun with mods or without.
,Recommended,220200,8992767,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Walter Sobchak,"Bill is dead and Jeb is stuck in orbit.  Just buy the game, I have♥♥♥♥♥♥to do."
76561198280604204,Recommended,220200,32857213,Posted: 27 June,all,Քաժուլ,"I know, I know, I've only got 1.9 hours on my record; but this gaem is so good! If you are fascinated with physics and space (the reason I got it), it's perfect, get it. If you just want to mess around in a sandbox, it has that too. The options are endless!"
,Recommended,220200,25963682,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Mike Hawk,"I am Astronomer, and this is my favourite game on the citadel."
,Recommended,220200,9756181,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,[P2:Abyss] Pac0master,"This game is phenomenal, I love playing it and the modding community is very big making this game one of my favorite with a very high replayability.When you are tired of the stock accessories etc you can add mods and then have a lot more fun!I highly recommend this game if you like making your own space program using trial and error that sometime lead to funny failure.Thank you Team Squad for making this awesome little game."
,Recommended,220200,12511320,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,[2.FA]BluePeter,"Best Space Simulation game ever! Hours of fun and you'll learn the basics of space travel and rocketry, As you join the Kerbals in exploring space take control of the space agentcy and you slowly devalope the space programe. Build and take full control of the rockets and crafts, build space stations and planetary bases, and bring you kerbanuts back alive.Basicly it's a CRASH couse in Space and rocketry. two thumbs up and good for all ages. Fun and Educational."
,Recommended,220200,955949,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Addictive and interesting space shuttle and rocket building game, where one can explore the outer space. Referral!FIN:Koukuttava ja kiinnostava avaruusraketin ja sukkulan rakennus peli, jossa pääsee tutkimaan ulkoavaruutta. Suositteluni!"
,Recommended,220200,34682579,Posted: 2 September,all,Simon,Quite possibly of the most fantastic games I've played.Has so much playability and different outcomes.You have endless possibilities and a well done career mode.The amount of mod support for this game is wonderful and installing mods could not be easier (*coughs* workshop *coughs* pls)If your still not considering buying it then I don't think it's for you but honestly it's a fantastic community to be part of.Also there is a multiplayer mod that is decent.
76561198090869576,Recommended,220200,19792372,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,J.Bankshaft,This game has taught me more about space and space travel than seven years in highschool.
76561198008065166,Recommended,220200,14953250,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Torquemadus,"I'm a space enthusiast. I saw a video about KSP which depicted it as a silly and unrealistic game that made fun of serious efforts to explore space. Thankfully, my curiosity got the better of me and I decided to give the game a go. I'm glad I did.This is a game where I can design, build and fly spacecraft designed any way I like. The game is set in a fictional solar system filled with analogues of planets and moons of our own solar system. I can recreate past and present missions, learning how to land on KSP's Moon analogue, or construct and dock with a space station of my own design. I can also act out proposed future missions by visiting KSP's Mars analogue or other planetary body analogues.The game is not yet fully mature. We do not yet have realistic re-entry heating. We are not yet able to establish bases to utilise in-situ resources. These features are in development and will be implemented in due course. The next feature we are eagerly awaiting is an overhaul of aerodynamics and implementation of payload fairings and cargo bays.KSP is realistic without being inaccessible. I'm currently on 1434 hours played without installing any mods."
,Recommended,220200,11311223,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,❤ ma1ymil0-chan,"I have been playing Kerbal Space Program for several years. My hours may not show it but i have spent hundreds of hours in game. In my opinion it is one of the best indie games on steam. The options of items to build is infinite, there are wheels, wings , engines, etc. The game is very moddable and there is a sizeable modding community. I give this game a 10/10."
76561198114344546,Recommended,220200,11715961,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Ragnar,"Good game for people interested in Space , construction, and killing green people , or All three."
,Recommended,220200,13333399,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Kubli From The Lane,"Amazing game. Only shame is the game doesn't support Lagrange points. What's a Lagrange point you ask? I had no idea before this game. Not only fun, KSP will enhance your knowledge of physics like no teacher ever could. 11/10, buy this game right now."
,Recommended,220200,12416258,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Lawnmower,"If this game was a woman, I would marry it.If this game was a ring, I would marry someone with it.If I was a leading political or religious leader, I would pass a law so I could marry it.You see where I'm going with this?It's a game I'd recomend. So get it."
76561198024811575,Recommended,220200,15592420,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Redleader,I bought this game in alpha before Science was even a thing and I have to say this is an Excellent game with a fantastic modding community. When you get bored (or if) you can download a mod with a couple of parts and add a whole new element to customize your spaceships like guns or autopilot. Theres alot to do in this game and the best I've done is a damaged science base on duna. Good luck and my kerbal death count is at 137.PS. like any sandbox game this game can crash with too many parts being used in your ship.
,Recommended,220200,14824098,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Snoope Doge,"Kerbal Space Program is an amazing game. It is very hard to learn, but once you finally understand the mechanics, it gets fun. But while you are trying to learn, have fun building crazy ships that will inevitably crash and kill all kerbals.11/10 IGN"
,Recommended,220200,9313905,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Phaze,Buy it
76561198095478847,Recommended,220200,32876775,Posted: 27 June,all,BloodCatters,"This game is just another level . The training part is like you are learning an engineering program and the physics and ideas are amazing. You can build your own spaceship , go to the ""Mun"" or even built a space station. You can do a tons of stuff but i warn you , it's a little bit complicated to learn but it is funny because i like the logic behind it. If you are interesting in stuffs like NASA , ISS or ESA this is the game for you."
76561198041209138,Recommended,220200,13325247,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,funmaster524,I LIKE THIS GAME CAUSE FUN AND SCIENCY
,Recommended,220200,21705964,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,DinoTrakker,Check how many hours I have.I think you can guess my rating.10/10.~DT
76561198058803562,Recommended,220200,22259865,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,wyzwon,"People always talk about making games that are both fun and educational, lets be honest, most fail for one reason or another, not Kerbal! Kerbal space program, Coming in I didn't even understand how much I didn't know about orbital mechanics! But Kerbal space program unravels these secrets in a paced and comprehensive order and most importantly, its fun while doing it.Everything from the designing the rocket to performing the actual mission, you don't get near space the first few tries but you feel yourself improving every time, and every stage feels awe inspiring. My first Apollo style moon landing was a highlight to my summer for the sense of acomplishment it entailed.Even faliure can be fun, run out of fuel to early? mess up your design and realize after you make it to Duna?(mars), figure out what parts of the mission are salvageable, what science can still be performed. My first mission to Duna ran out of fuel before making into orbit but I was able to use the rotation control rockets to alter my path just enough to fling around its moon and slam into Dunas thin atmosphere to slow myself down. It's that kind of clever problem solving that brings the most satisfaction sometimes."
,Recommended,220200,16996048,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,oconnest,"Excellent game. The learning curve is steep and the tutorials aren't very good (though youtube has all the tutorial videos you could want) but it's rewarding if you stick with it and once skills are learned, like orbits, landing and docking, they become second nature. This game is probably not suited to the casual gamer but there's depth to it and after the intial hump you'll be happy to sink hours into it."
17824568976956913,Recommended,220200,9091112,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Gabriel,This is an game where you can finally become a rocket builder kinda.... In kerbal space program you can build rockets and fly around in the solar system..... you can also build ariplanes in the hangar (omg) you can add mods and new parts to the game to make it funnier or harder or whatever. So If you want to get into space go on...
,Recommended,220200,7397700,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Nick The Dad,"The more I play this game, the more I love it. Really, not enough good things can be said about this game. On the surface, it's cute and funny. Go a little deeper and you will find a surprisingly complex and intelligent space simulator, where you will learn something new every time you play it. Honestly, I'd pay twice the price for this much fun. $22.99 is a steal, and 300 hours in, I'm looking at 7 cents per hour for a hell of a good time. The mod community is also very vibrant and adds literally anything you can imagine: new paint jobs, altered physics, communication, fusion-powered engines, warp drives, hyperspace, and even asteroids. Seriously, give this game a shot. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,220200,25789978,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Merlin,"You ever wonder what people mean when they say ""It's not rocket science""?Wonder no more.This game is all about rocket science. Put in about 500 hours and when someone says ""its not rocket science"" to you, you can retort with ""i know rocket science and im about to show you how much Delta V it takes to crush your kerbals with my boot."""
76561198134642975,Recommended,220200,10995647,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,FunnyBunny,"In Kerbal Space Program the player is tasked with managing their own space program. This generally involves building some sort of craft capable of a specific task and/or reaching one or more bodies in the Kerbol system. It has multiple modes to cater to different playstyles, a simplistic but harsh physics system and a lot of parts for you to choose from when making your contraptions.The gameThe characters you control, named Kerbals, are cute and most definitely insane. They are the heart and soul of the game, and they seem to like danger a whole lot more than being alive. The brilliance of Kerbal Space Program lies in the way you approach problems. You’re guaranteed to fail almost every time you launch a new craft, and while on paper that doesn’t sound that fun, the game’s revert button allows you to recover from all the launch mistakes and the quick save feature allows you to recover from fatal mistakes on your longer missions. I’d say that most of the fun even comes from your misfortunes: having to send out a second rescue party to send the first and the people originally in danger is something that never ceases to amaze.The fine printThis game is fairly easy to learn, but it will require a lot of commitment to truly grasp everything you can do in this game. While simplistic, the physics are accurate enough to provide a fair representation of ‘true’ astrophysics, and because it’s so close to real life it shouldn’t take too long to understand what is expected of you.The scaled down solar system means you will be playing in a lot shorter sessions than you’d otherwise have to, but this game is still very long. Missions can take up to ten hours and beyond. This is most certainly not a game that you can just hop into for a bit. This does mean that this game’s value is insanely high if you’re looking for something to spend a lot of time on. There is no clear end-game, so if you enjoy the game enough you could end up playing it forever.This game is really easy to mod. So any problems you have with it can be solved by installing more mods, and they often also add content: anything from EVA construction to colonisation to FTL drives. You name it, there’s probably a mod out there for it.The game’s performance is good, with a few bugs here and there. None of them are gamebreaking though, and most of them are due to the engine. I’m hopeful of what Unity 5 will do for this game, but even with Unity 4 this game will run on a lot of systems. Because the game isn’t a graphical powerhouse it actually runs quite well on laptops, but the processor does need to be good to handle all the physics.Summary+ High value for money+ A large amount of parts to choose from+ Simple yet fun physics- Long play sessions- A few bugsConclusionWhether you like building insane contraptions, setting up missions to places far away, or just have an unreasonable obsession with space you will find a lot to like in this game. And who knows, maybe you’ll even pick up a thing or two about how spaceflight works."
,Recommended,220200,29947475,Posted: 15 February,all,Orsi CS.MONEY,I orbited the Sun because I failed my mission to Mun and I forgot to add more fuel
,Recommended,220200,14949675,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Boobai,Still learnt more about orbiting than i ever would at school...10/10.
76561198020020818,Recommended,220200,10354478,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,ElderCorgi,Not a game. A lifestyle.
,Recommended,220200,10049311,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Shrimpalimpa,"Mix the editor of spore...with the concept of Banjo Kazooie N&Bwith the physics of Garry's modwith the exploration of skyrimwith the humor of portal 2and SPACE....you get this freakin masterpiceGranted, it takes about 20 hours before you can really do anything in the game that is awesome, but when you reach that point, the game pretty much opens up and the solar system becomes yours to explore.If you have the PC for it, pick this one up. It's worth it if you have the time on your hand."
76561198075622921,Recommended,220200,10468904,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,FantaPants,"I personally loved this game. I have put 712 hours into it. It kept me hooked for days and days and days. It is a sandbox and there are no direct missions to complete as of yet. But with all the different places to go and things to do, you don't really run out of things to do."
,Recommended,220200,13267920,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Grady Vuckovic,"I bought this game, I don't know, a week ago, I've already put 60 hours into it and loved every minute. It's seriously amazing. There's incredible freedom in sandbox mode, you can design nearly anything you can imagine, as long as you can make it work within the constraints of the physics engine. Worth it! The developers haven't abandoned it either, they're still updating it."
,Recommended,220200,25205161,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,aegistudio,"KSP is a game in which you run a space center, build spacecrafts, launch them and fly them to explore the Kerbin system.Your space empire could be built on a plethora of crew sacrifice, and it will be tedious process to learn to fligth freely. But nothing could bring you so much sense of achievement than standing on the soil of other celestial objects. Only the most intellectual and hardworking one will be awarded.The most attracting portion of this game is building mindblowing spacecrafts and flying them in the space. When you play in career mode, you will have to consider whether it could fly your crew members back to Kerbin safely and whether you could afford it. Every spacecraft is a essense of your mind and your knowledge about astronomy, physics, aerodynamics, etc.10/10 Play this game and kill Jedebiah again!"
,Recommended,220200,33156635,Posted: 2 July,all,Concered about the blueberries,Amazing game would recommend
,Recommended,220200,33171446,Posted: 3 July,all,xX_Lesbian_Slayer_1990_Xx,"This game is endless fun.If you are a fan of simulators or building it's a good choice.With the addition of mods the potential playtime is near infinite. There is always something new to try.KSP is designed perfectly for what it is. What makes it stand out is the ""Space Program"" aspect. By giving the user the option to worry about budget, upgrading their research and their agency's reputation this game becomes a lot more than just a space-ship simulator. It adds layers of immersion, even late game once you've unlocked everything. More recent features such as CommNet also enhance the experience and realisim.The brilliance is in the progression of the game. You start off struggling to figure out how to launch a kerbal into orbit (maybe if i add MORE rockets?) and by the endgame you are building planetary bases, mega structures, setting up mining operations and so-forth.With the career mode gameplay and the ability to take contracts, it gives everythign a sense of purpose that you don't often see in a simulator.The vast ocean of mods add an incredible amount of mileage to this game.I can't reccomend KSP enough."
76561198091924508,Recommended,220200,14526601,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Luchs,"Kerbal Space Program managed to do something that many games are unable to do, they can make me come back to it after being forgotten in 6 months.This game is ludicrously fun, it's got education in it aswell, you can fly rockets to the outer rim of the Kerbol System, Fly SSTOs to docking stations and then proceeding to land in the arctic, Drive rovers over mountains and make sucky boats unless you put Vac. Co. Air intakes on the under side of it, all of these things can be simple or ridiculously complicated (As in, you build a spaceplane, it looks awesome and when you put it on the runway, you start the engines only to find that the plane does the immelmann maneuver and crashes into the ground in a fireball as soon as it gain flight.)There are also a lot of very well hidden easter eggs on other planets that are really hard to find without some videos giving you co-ordinates, one of the easier easter eggs is the monolith near the Space Center, it appears to be nothing more than a dot at a distanceYou can succeed in this game and feel greatly achieved, with getting all them new modules with the science that you're going to get, or you can fail miserably and have a massive laugh with the 100 megatons worth of volatile kerosene going all over the place, destroying whole parts of the Space Center, until eventually a hell kraken comes and snatches you into space (This a bug that blacks out the screen and frazzles the altimeter)Straight 10/10 for me and likely many others"
76561198052660384,Recommended,220200,33654097,Posted: 19 July,all,Birdman,"KSP is everything I've always wanted in a game - the ability to build, test, and fly rockets/spaceplanes in a realistic physics simulation.This is one of  a handful of reviews I'll ever write on steam. Kerbal is a game so beautiful and polished, executed with such perfection towards it's goal, that if you have even the tiniest interest in space exploration it would behoove you to pick it up.This is the game I've been waiting for since I was a child, and boy does it deliver."
,Recommended,220200,32451381,Posted: 15 June,all,Dark_Drake,"KSP and GTA-V (and every other TakeTwo game) are very different games with different markets. You're complaints here about TakeTwo's decisions on GTA-V are doing nothing but damaging the KSP community.Falsely reviewing a game and claiming negative feedback to make your voice heard about the community revolt or your disapproval around the removal of single player modding in GTA-V is absurdly stupid.The best way to ensure that KSP goes down the drain is to ensure that nobody else buys it, and thus that no money for development is there. Until TakeTwo actually makes a change or does something to hinder the community for KSP for anything, please do everyone a favor and leave your negative reviews elsewhere. The only damage being done is to the community."
,Recommended,220200,10738207,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Derpy McFeeder,This game has sucked up hundreds of hours of my time and I haven't even made it past the moons of Kerbin. The value you get out of this game is only limited by your imagination and willingness to learn first grade level orbital mechanics.
76561198079274239,Recommended,220200,15592351,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Beta4000v2,"Great game if you are in to sims at all. There seems to be no end to the amount of creativity in this game. If you have an imagination and have any interest in astronamy, you should pick this up right away."
76561197974529283,Recommended,220200,13586769,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Krid,"I spent hours building an amazing launch vehicle, with all the aerodynamic funsies. It went well, until things started falling off and it exploded.I should not be designing things that go boom when drunk. For the good of all Kerbals, I will continue development.10/10 would get smashed before playing again."
,Recommended,220200,7931207,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Haggis,"Kerbal Space Program basically sums up the entire reason as to why I wish I were an astronaut/rocket scientist, and the entire reason as to why there is no way in hell I could ever be one.The game has two modes (as of the time of this writing), Career, and Sandbox.  Sandbox is exactly what it sounds like, minus the cat poop and the lost action figures (never forget you little Anakin!).  In sandbox, you build a rocket ship or a space plane, and you go to space.  Half of the time...  The other half is spent trying to figure out why in the hell did that stage not properly go off, only to realize you didn't actually attach your rockets to that stage...  But anyways, sandbox mode is the mode you play when you want to make a giant ship in a few minutes and fly it into the sun.  Because why?  Because Science!The second mode, Career, is basically ""Here's a couple of pieces, those guys over there are the pilots, see if we can't get this into space.""  The beginning parts are spent mindlessly launching rockets into the ground because you have no idea what you are doing, and when you finally figure out what you're doing, you can have some fun.  In Career, you gain science points for everything you do.  Like, everything...  Such as EVAing a Kerbal while you're still launching, dropping a mysterious goo on the ground, into the water, into space, into orbit, and pretty much anywhere you can drop that goo, you'll get science for it.  You can get science for successful missions, unsuccessful missions, missions that you didn't think could go wrong but did, missions you thought would never be possible but was because who needs logic.This is definitely one of my new favorite games out there.  Although, as much as I'd hate to admit it, this game is MUCH better being played on a controller (or joystick, which is awesome if you can), just because the little fine tuning you have to do can be a pain when using your keyboard.The only complaint I have is that I freaking got Jeb stuck into orbit with no jetpack fuel in Career mode, and he isn't even in the ship anymore, and so the only way I could save him is by very, VERY precise calculations, that I'm too lazy to do and end up just winging it.  I mean, I could just terminate him and he'll respawn eventually, but it's FREAKING JEB!  I CAN'T KILL JEB!So anyways, I hope you found this review helpful, and I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this game to people.  But, I suggest packing enough fuel to get out of orbit, or wait until you have docking ports...  Then you won't end up with Jeb stuck in space..."
,Recommended,220200,9276040,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Cheddar,How hard could it be? It's only rocket science. If the idea of putting parts to build various flying machines in appealing you you I highly recommend you try this out. It's a got a bit of learning curve but it is worth it. To make things easier on yourself you can skip the in-game tutorials (they mostly confused me) and hop on YouTube instead. Scott Manley has a good tutorial series. This is the link for the playlist:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYu7z3I8tdEmqpOkQZCl5SZB5t0vXuxE0You'll probably want to at least make some attempts at flying prior to jumping to the videos as a lot of the fun of the game can come from failure and cool explosions... not that you'll have a shortage of those later. Rescue missions on distant worlds make for some amusing challenges.
,Recommended,220200,22903415,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,XxPieIsTastyxX,"My favorite game. There's so much to do, and so many places to go. A wholeworldsolar system of freedom and opportunity awaits!You can play in sandbox, science mode, or career mode. In sandbox mode, you have unlimited funds, and everything is unlocked. In science mode, you have infinite funds, but you need to unlock things with science. In career mode, you have limited funds and science, as well as reputation. You must accept contracts from companies to fund your space program, and progress through the tech tree.The game has in-depth tutorials and a guide, as well as different scenarios to try out. The community around the game is great, and Squad (the company that makes KSP) is great. I have seen them implement many things the community asks for, and even bring modders on to the team to help.Speaking of mods, there exists a plethora to choose from. Whether you want to make your game easier, harder, better looking, more realistic, or crazy, there is a mod for you. They include things from graphics overhauls to aerodynamic overhauls to vast quantities of new parts to autopilot systems you code yourself.The game is both simple and challenging at the same time. It's easy enough to build a rocket, but can you make it fly? Can you get into orbit? How about to theMoonMun? What aboutMarsDuna? The answers may be no at first, but you learn. You slowly understad more and more, and after playing the game for a while, the answer becomes yes. And in that moment, you realize: ""Hey! I know how space works! This is orbital mechanics! And I know how to do it!"" It gives you a wondrous feeling of accomplishment, each time you do something new. That feeling barely fades, as I still feel my heart swell a little every time I land on the Mun.So go ahead, give the game a shot. It may seem daunting, but it's really quite fun -- and deceptively simple.How hard can rocket science be anyway?"
,Recommended,220200,8736136,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Binchy,"My most rewarding gaming experience ever comes from rescuing one of my kerbals, trapped on the Mun after a routine science mission had a rough landing, damaging the parachutes of the vessel and rendering it incapable of returning to Kerbin. The rescue mission had to be quick as the life support (TAC life support mod) was running out for Jebadiah Kerman. After rendevousing with the damaged ship in a low Munar orbit, the rescue vessel set about returning to Kerbin with much less fuel than planned. It was tooth and nails as the vessel only just managed to deorbit itself, skimming through Kerbin's atmosphere multiple times before finally landing, all astronauts safe.That is the thing about Kerbal Space Program, everyone has a story about the game which they want to tell. You design your own missions- they go well, success! they go wrong, rescue mission! You design ships and redesign them. You plan your missions, and you fly those missions.The game is still being developed and new features are gradually getting rolled out. And if you ever want more, the awesome modding community has you covered, adding♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of more content and gameplay, from extra parts to requiring life support for kerbals or even a connection link for unmanned vessels.P.S. I recommend checking out Scott Manley's youtube videos for tutorials and to just see someone who does awesome things in the game."
,Recommended,220200,10186069,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Haxtato,Definately should play this!This game have the stuff for a guy who loves sandbox n' physics1. Build your rocket2. Launch n most probably crash :(3. Have fun!
,Recommended,220200,9816154,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Bubba7,GO TO SPACE
,Recommended,220200,25239030,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,l.l // Please get Triggered,"I spent 120 Hours on this game so far, and all i could achieve was crashing on the ""Mun"" and killing my Crew.10/10"
76561198146360194,Recommended,220200,33657640,Posted: 19 July,all,Tri12,Even tought this game's hard to learn it's possibly the best simulation game ever ! :)
,Recommended,220200,15792201,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Avocado's Cucumber,"Incredibly fun game! if you like space and rockets, you need to experience KSP!"
,Recommended,220200,12408659,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,House_Of_Synth,"in a rocket, pressed a random button. guy flew out of the rocket. 11/10 - IGN"
,Recommended,220200,15806852,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,jugbug111,"Very fun game, takes a big learning curve but the comunity is awesome and have lots of guides."
,Recommended,220200,7753747,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ThePiachu,"This game is a very fun mixture of fun and space science. Build your space ships, take them to other moons and planets, explore the solar system. It's very approachable and engaging. Just be warned - it can be a huge time sink! :)"
,Recommended,220200,15660086,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Alekzander01,"Hard at first, you will fail, but nothing beats that feeling when you first get into orbit. Very fun and even educational"
,Recommended,220200,15657826,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Blueberry Muffins!,"Still charming, now with extra awesomeness.Construction UI's gotten even more solid and impressive. Flight model and air resistance and heat management are now unremarkably good (that's a good thing).  Many flight controls are still difficult to discover, but the worst of the old flaws are gone (it no longer trains you to rely on the space bar being ""do the next thing"" only to later on make that an insta-lose-but-only-sometimes button). While you're in-game it still won't show you the keyboard shortcuts and you kinda still have to find out about the quicksave key (F5 save, hold-F9 load) yourself before you can go check the keys midflight.  You can't always quicksave.Caveats as of 1.0.2: This game will enthrall you so thoroughly that _hours_ will pass by.  If you don't  quicksave regularly then sooner or later (leaning towards ""sooner"") you'll lose an entire evening's meticulous and irreproducible work.  * Quicksave isn't really for exploring different flight plans, it's for defense against the UI and to a lesser extent some minor bugs. Don't use the hard-mode option that shuts off quicksaves. * Go into the settings input options and shut off the staging function in any but staging mode.  The default setting makes the space bar a pun (but only sometimes): toggle RCS between linear and rotation mode, oh, and also jettison your last engine.  The controls shouldn't be more counterintuitive than orbital mechanics. They really shouldn't. * If you hit the can't-place-a-maneuver-node UI bug, try deleting other maneuvers, farthest away first. That sometimes fixes it for me.Ragdoll Berts and a space program.  Charming, genius, progress requires ambition (it's a sandbox, after all), very demanding but always with clear reason game.  I think this is going to remain my builder of choice for a long time."
76561198107144476,Recommended,220200,15640126,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Bla,"This game is just awesome. Fun to play, never ending replayability, even makes you learn some physics! Lots of your rocket design or flight plans will fail and end up in big explosions, but succeeding is so gratifying!"
,Recommended,220200,9977347,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,kungfu_kangaroo,"I don't really know what I'm doing in this game, but I build rockets for little green men who are somewhat reminiscent of the minions from Despicable Me and I doom them to horribly adorable deaths with my poorly thought-out engineering. It's all very satisfying. 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,220200,5152654,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,BAPBAP,"Детка, когда ты запускаешь эту игрушечку в первый раз, ты не представляешь, как тебе надо будет по*****ся, чтобы увидеть Луну под ногами. Почувствуй себя сферическим ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ом в вакууме. Играть строго в ваниллу, никаких модов для изимода!UPDИгра повзрослела и нарастила мясца! Слава Kerbal Space Program! Джебедайе слава!"
,Recommended,220200,22543820,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Kemando,"There's just something special about getting a rocket to a far off planet and having it return safely home.Simply floating in the vast emptiness of space on your way TOO a planet, or even just safely oribiting around the Mun is also extremely satisfying, it makes you really understand just how small we are in the seemingly eternal vast landscape of outer space.Pick this one up if you like building things, failure, rockets, spaaaace, and exploration."
76561198008109819,Recommended,220200,8136644,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,OzoneGrif,"You know nothing about space.Don't you believe me?Try to reach the moon.Did you fail?Right, because you know nothing about space... yet...I'm in SPAAAaace ! This is by far the best space simulation game ever made, but forget space combat : the only fight will be your limited knowledge about space newtonian physics.The base game is very fun, and evolves with every new version in a most satisfying way. Then you can add community Plugins, and gods there are many good ones ! Create a communication network to pilot your probes around the solar system. Map the planets and asteroids to prepare your ground missions. Do science. Then create a gigantic asteroid mining base, a fuel reloading orbital station, and drive your ships even further on distant celestial objects.You will have to deal with the limitations of your science at the beginning to fulfill your contracts, but the more science you unlock, the further you will be able to go in your space odyssey."
76561198072169042,Recommended,220200,23479114,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,FlyBoyXD ✈,"KSP is definitely one of the best games/simulators ive ever played and probably ever will play; it's extremily well made in the sense that it never felt as if it was an incomplete game, even when it was in the alpha stage!! With all the thousands of different things to build such as any type of sea/land/air/space vehicle, the sky is no longer the limit, now, the entire universe is the ""limit""! To make the game even better, all the physics are super realistic and actually make sense (this is rare to find in games), so real logic and skill can be used to design and build the perfect craft for any mission you want to go on.CONCLUSION: The game is incredibly fun, addicting and well made, so is worth every penny. You won't be dissapointed with this one! I rate it a fantastic 9.5/10."
,Recommended,220200,25023543,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Mattagast The Cougher,"Id have more hours, but ive decided to not play with steam and preserve the illusion I have some sort of social life.10/10 would be a social recluse again"
,Recommended,220200,20427805,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Gehard Burgstaller,"Just a amazing flight sim since the 1.0 update i recently bought the steam edition of thisin the new 1.0 update almost anythings possible but this game gets a little boreing without addonsfor example i reccomend Kerbal Attachment System and Kerbal aircraft expansion, they are awesome overall thoughGreat sim if you like the idea of your own aerospace/Space program and sending propes or even manned spacecraft to other planets it makes this game fun its alot easier once you actually can fly15/10Tip to begginers. Dont make a Crashy mc,splody craft"
,Recommended,220200,10047282,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,King Headcrab,I really like KSP because it teaches you a lot about rocket science and it's really fun when they explode. =)
76561198029445391,Recommended,220200,30404267,Posted: 8 March,all,420 blaze it,go to space maybe not come back
76561198182054933,Recommended,220200,33876952,Posted: 29 July,all,kittycat959,"25 hours in and still not in orbit but with 25 different types of plane, all of them crashed. For the love of God play the tutorials first!"
,Recommended,220200,13396447,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Putrefaction,"If you like space, science and space science you'll love this magical little gem of a game. It's *not* easy, which I happen to like. I'm sick of games that I can beat in a matter of hours. Kerbal Space Program is hard - hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥in some cases - and as such it can be incredibly rewarding to land on a new planet, moon, or just build a cool new thing.There are some fairly significant downsides:1. The tutorials are terrible. Maybe I'm just stupid? I ended up having to figure most of the game out myself and spent tons of time looking things up on YouTube and the game's Wiki.2. It's a *little* slow to start. Because the controls are a bit obscure at first I wasn't sure I was going to like it. I ended up playing it immediately after buying it, becoming frustrated and shelving it for about two weeks. But I am *SO* glad I gave it a second chance.3. There're still some weird bugs, but the KSP team seems quite active in working them out. It's still only just now in beta so bugs are to be expected. Unfortunately the worst one I've encountered managed to corrupt my best saves, forcing me to start over after having a nearly completed tech tree.However I haven't had this problem again in over a month now - maybe it was fixed, maybe I'm just lucky.Anyway, despite these problems, the game is ABSOLUTELY worth every penny and I'm incredibly excited for future content and witnessing the continuing development of this game. Obviously as a video game it's not quite the same thing as actually being an astronaut, an engineer or ground control, but it does give you an entirely new appreciation for what NASA, the ESA, Roscosmos, and any other space agency do every day. It *is* rocket science! Just a touch dumbed down for those of us without Ph.Ds :DBuild all the things.Buy all the Kerbal Space Programs."
76561198043278767,Recommended,220200,30742251,Posted: 25 March,all,Sneaktip,lit af space is awesome
,Recommended,220200,1169006,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Serret,"This game is very hard to describe as it is one of a kind.I could label it as a space program simulator but that really doesn't do Kerbal Space Program justice.Kerbal Space Program is essentially a game about managing your own space program, building your own rockets, planes, ships, space stations, landers, or any silly contraption you imagine really, and taking your poor victims.. err Kerbals.. to the stars!It runs on a semi-realistic physics and astronomy system where you can see every single part of your ship explode spectacularly as your poor Kerbals show their expressions of despair throughout the ride.This is a game about building and exploring the Kerbal Solar System and each of it's astral bodies, about making silly contraptions and planting flags on unexplored worlds.And if you ever want to go beyond the far reaches of the solar system, there's also a plethora of mods already available for Kerbal Space Program despite it being only in alpha stage... Even a multiplayer mod.I haven't sinked as many hours into a single videogame for a very long time as I did with Kerbal Space Program.This is Rocket Science the videogame and is an ABSOLUTE MUST!WARNING SIDE-EFFECTS:You will learn a few concepts of aerodynamics, physics and astronomy just by having fun!"
,Recommended,220200,22142967,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,IneptOrange,"I've seen hundereds of successes....Thousands of falliures.....And millions of kerbal funerals.....But seriously where the ♥♥♥♥ is the fuel when you need it?################ SERIOUS REVIEW ###################################So i've been playing this game for hours on end (On this account anyway ¬_¬ ) And i can tell you, You will learn more about space, physics and the most efficient way of killing little green men (And women +1.0.0) Than you ever could learn in school!It's difficult at first, But if you can master it, It is the most fun game you can ever play.Not gonna lie, landing on the moon for the first time in this game legit is the entire reason why you should buy this game.As someone who absolutely LOVES space and would literally kill to see it, I cannot recommend this game enough.9/10  -  Needs actual kerbal scream sound effects."
76561198169027143,Recommended,220200,13706467,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Camachochris84,"This game is not for the people looking to shoot lazers at each other.  It is, however, extremely addictive and tons of fun.  It can be as serious or silly as you'd like it to be.  Craft a ship that's balanced and functional that keeps in line with thrust to weight ratios, or over-power a tiny satellite and send it into the sun or out of the entire solar system!  Loads of fun and endless replayability.  BETA is an awesome development and I can't wait for the final release.  10/10"
76561197962064766,Recommended,220200,11314030,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Jon,"This game is fantastic!Even with a passing interest in astronomy, in no time you'll earn a crash course (ha!) in aeronautical engineering while enjoying hours of fun.While the game does feature a fairly steep learning curve, it does come with some basic training and scenarios; however the real support lies in the community: Their wiki is filled with tutorials and videos that will have you landing on moons and planets (and hopefully returning home safely) in no time."
76561198095326676,Recommended,220200,10039362,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,[FgTs] Luffy,"All I can really say about Kerbal Space Program... Havent you ever wanted to kill little green men throught a alien space program? If you do, this game provides endless fun through hours of addictive playing. If you don't like to kill little green men, this is an awesome game were you build space craft and test them with trial and error."
,Recommended,220200,7876696,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Lanyard1,"Best SINGLE player Game Ive ever owned! Fun, challenging, and very addicting. LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,220200,10177747,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,『ヴィクトル』,"I don't really know what I'm doing in this game, but I build rockets for little green men who are somewhat remeniscent of the minions from Despicable Me and I doom them to horribly adorable deaths with my poorly thought-out engineering. It's all very satisfying. 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,220200,8685100,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Uncle,"If it's anything that this game has made me realize, it's that I should never work for NASA."
76561197988743879,Recommended,220200,17165523,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Barry Badrinath,"Science crack.Will ruin all other space-based games for you as the realism is out of this world (yes, I did it)."
,Recommended,220200,8507080,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Fulysic,Had this game for a while its one of most fun games to play just to mess around or play it on serious level with recent patches it is starting to evolve into a great gameI like the game because it one of the few that make you use your mind and imagination and its a laugh when things dont go right the whole concept is based on brilliant mindsIm looking forwards to stronger carrer mode in future patchesConsidering it is an early access game i wont rate it but i will say this buy it now and get in and enjoy the funI will revist this review at later date
,Recommended,220200,11962150,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Assossa,"This is one of the best games ever created. Its not for everyone as it is a simulator and is quite complex. If you are interested in space or technology, this is the game for you! If you play this game long enough you might even become a rocket scientist!"
,Recommended,220200,16532848,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[TAW] Zekee™,"Love It...   If you Love Space You Love This Game. It´s Funny To Mod But It Crashes some Time, sadly. It´s Good For A Open World Game, But It´s hard to fly to other planets :D. I Love It Beacuse I Love Space. I Love to go To Mün and Minimus. I Like Minimus Beacuse It is so Low Gravity But the lowest gravity has Gilly... Go There If You Like Low Gravity :D. MODS    If You Want Realistic Planets It´s Named Real Solar System. And If You Want Some Sound On EVA´s Or In Our SpaceShip Or in our Probe Download Chatterer Mod It´s Like The Best Mod In History :D   You Can Try KSP (Kerbal Space Program) By Klicking Download Demo. It´s The Best Game I Ever Played."
,Recommended,220200,9939071,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,✪ Vampy™,"Pretty good game, it is in fact a bit hard at first but once you get used to it, a few mods installed and a few ships into space its a pretty fun game,  I really think you should get it if you like space and such, but if you do you may want to watch a few YouTube videos of the game, or better yet you can add me and I'll just teach ya. :P"
,Recommended,220200,15745427,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Real KCT,"Kerbal has a steep learning curve, but once you've figured out the mechanics, the reward of plotting out & achieving a goal is one the best experiences I've had in gaming in years!In the space of 40 hours, I started off barely managing to launch a rocket several thousand feet into the air. Now I'm fully capable of being able to both create a space faring craft & plot a course to recover a stranded astronaut circling around the orbit of the Mun (Kerbal's moon) over several million miles away.This isn't even scratching the surface of future possibilities I could attempt. I could perform a moon landing. Lift & place a space station into a stable orbit or travel to several of the other planetary bodies in the solar system.Much like an advanced 'Banjo Kazooie Nuts & Bolts' there's very little hand holding with a bare minimum of instruction of how to perform any of these outrageous feats. It takes the right combination of a well designed vessel, a correctly plotted route of orbital eclipses, skillful piloting & finally luck. Once you have all these, it's not long before you're complimenting yourself on a job well done & planning out what your next grand project is going to be.With charming & fluid presentation, extensive & encouraged mod support, atmospheric soundtrack & both career plus sandbox mode included. There's very little this game does wrong.You'll be doing yourself a disservice not giving this game a go!"
,Recommended,220200,7750756,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,재재,"My lego kit meets universesandbox in an enjoyable physics engine. - This game is seriously good, and teaches you about things like orbital mechanics, physics, creativity and persistance. The mod community is amazing, and with the diversity of mods out there; you can change your gameplay hundreds of times. If you like anything about space, this is as close as you can get on steam to fulfilling your lifelong dream to be an astronaut, physicist, rocket engineer, astrobiologist, chemical engin... okay you get it. Watch some twitch streams, or play the demo and be prepared to become obsessed."
,Recommended,220200,7666687,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Jimmy,"October SkyOh! I have slipped the surly bonds of Earth, well Kerbin actually, but more on that later.Whether you actively seek out information on the inspiring missions carried out by the various space agencies around the globe or just catch the odd news report on the latest mars rover or comet flyby, you can't help but feel a certain sense of awe at the ingenuity and creativity that has led to these missions of exploration and discovery.Now we all have the opportunity to experience the glorious highs and devastating lows of running our own space program through Squads Kerbal Space Program.When you load KSP you'll be presented with a choice of three play modes. There's a full career mode where you'll have to design and launch your own missions, invest in research for new rocket parts and complete contracts for their financial rewards to help fund all of this.There a Science only mode, where you can still enjoy the progression of the science tree without having to worry about balancing the books and then there's a sandbox mode, where you can let your creativity run wild without the restrictions of the other two options.Space CampTaking the plunge with the career mode, you'll first need to choose your fledgling space agencies name and flag logo.You'll then find yourself looking down at your shiny new space agency campus. At present, you'll start with 3 wannabe astronauts, a very limited amount of rocket parts and an even more limited budget.The first thing you'll probably want to do is take a look at the contracts available to you. These have specific requirements which when met will reward you both financially and often with a scientific reward which you can invest in the tech-tree.Astronaut FarmerPick your first contract, ""Launch a craft from your launch pad and achieve an altitude of 5000m."" It's then time to bolt a cockpit to rusty tank of rocket fuel, glue an engine to the bottom of the stack, light the touch paper and step back from the launch pad.If everything goes to plan, your first rocket will fly straight and true (although not very high yet, you're going to need better engines and tanks before you can achieve anywhere near orbital height).Of course if things didn't go to plan, you could be looking a pretty fireball and a smattering of debris raining down around your complex.Let's assume things went perfectly, you're aspiring astronaut has earned his wings and returned safely back to the ground courtesy of the parachute you remembered to fit to the capsule. Not only this but your managed to achieve the required 5000 metres, completed your first contract and received the payment.Now it's time to visit the tech tree and plan your next mission.Space CowboysAs you progress through the game and your missions become more adventurous you will find a full, well balanced and very interesting tech tree to unlock, but for now, we only have a small amount of science to spend, so we'll pick a branch of the tech tree we can afford and see what goodies we get.Ok, so now we've got some slightly more powerful engines, some fuel tanks that are a little less rusty and a mystery goo canister (a science experiment we can strap onto our rocket to generate our own science points so we're no longer dependent on contracts to generate our precious science).You're also not tied to the contract system and are free to set your own goals and undertake whatever missions you can imagine. However each rocket part costs money and at the moment we still don't have very much, so it's back to look at the available contracts to see what else is available and achievable with our current tech.GravitySeveral completed contracts and a few catastrophic failures later and our space agency is about to earn its stripes. We've managed to send various science packages to different biomes on Kerbin, (Kerbin is your home planet, it's an Earth like analogue and home to the Kerbals, little yellow aliens that look more than a little like the characters from the Simpsons).Anyway, we've explored the deserts, grasslands, the oceans and mountain ranges of Kerbin, We've even managed a touch down at the arctic where we planted a flag and everything!Now we are ready!Jebediah, our brave astronaut, is strapped into our painstakingly over-engineered rocket, we've already achieved a stable orbit with this design and now our sites are firmly set on the Mun (Kerbins Moon).The Right StuffOur valiant rocket roars up through the atmosphere, our carefully set staging is working perfectly, we've jettisoned our solid fuel boosters, the sky is darkening, we're in space above Kerbin.A few burns of our upper-stage engine later and we're in a circular orbit. A quick check of our fuel supplies let us know that we ""should"" have enough to make it to the Mun and hopefully back again.A long, carefully timed burn later and the Mun is starting to get pretty large through the cockpit windows.Apollo 13The landing was touch and go, we lost one of our four landing struts as we skimmed the surface but we are down and our Lander is stable.The cratered surface of the Mun stretches out before us. We run the various science experiments on the Lander (the science generated will come in very handy the next time we visit the tech tree). We hit the key to extend the ladder, open the hatch and Jebediah bravely takes a small step for Kerbal-kind.We plant our flag, we write a poignant plaque, we play with our jetpack and we scoop up a surface sample for the sake of science then we're back in our Lander.We look towards Kerbin, small and blue, we're ready to go home, we hit the button to ignite the Lander engines and... nothing.Red PlanetThe loss of Jebediah on the Mun was a devastating setback, but we've learnt a lot since then.We now have new and improved technologies, we've returned safely from the Mun several times. We have a large orbital space station in high orbit above Kerbin and we're about to undertake our most ambitious mission yet.A manned mission to the red planet Duna (It's Mars guys).This is the wonderful thing about KSP, there is always a new frontier, another challenge to overcome, another horizon to explore.As it stands at the moment, the Kerbol system consists of one star, seven planets and nine moons. You can also discover, track and intercept various asteroids that litter the system.If this isn't enough for you, the modding community for KSP is one of the healthiest and most active I have seen. There are countless mods you can download and use in your game, from texture packs and rocket parts to whole new star systems to explore.A Space OdysseyFrom what you've read so far you may think that Kerbal Space Program is a finished title, this is not the case, it is still very much in active development.It is updated regularly and each patch not only refines what is already there but also brings something new to the table.I've barely brushed the surface of the universe of possibilities which awaits you in KSP.If you have any interest in space exploration then this is a must have game, not a must have game when it's finally released, this is a must have game right now!KSP is simply amazing.To see the full review (and others) please take the time to visithttp://www.review-well.com/"
76561198032034667,Recommended,220200,32921208,Posted: 28 June,all,Strunk,Too Addictive
,Recommended,220200,32439325,Posted: 15 June,all,Gurney the Best,"Don't normally do reviews, but I had to do one to counter the numpties who are posting about the Take 2 / GTA 5 issue.To compare GTA 5 and KSP is, quite frankly, beyond ridiculous. GTA 5 is a massive AAA title with a budget over $200 million. KSP was made with shoestring and a piece of chewing gum. GTA 5 is a game with a massive online component. KSP is a purely single player experience (unless you use the unreliable multiplayer mod). GTA 5 is a game that is enhanced by mods, but mods aren't a necessity. KSP is a game where mods are a necessity.KSP is a game that thrives on the mod community. Is KSP likely to end up with paid DLC, micro-transaction and a multiplayer component? No. KSP 2 would be the game that ends up with all those things. Will Take 2 get things right with a KSP2? Who knows. If they mess up KSP 2, then so be it. Under Squad, there would never have been another KSP, guarenteed.However, this is about KSP, the first one. KSP will not undergo major changes. Maybe we'll get some DLC packs (such as the historical missions pack that is in the works), but major changes won't happen. It's not worth it. The game is too much of a hodge-podge, a legacy of the way it was created.To make this relevant - KSP is a fun, challenging and sometimes downright frustrating game. It has a steep learning curve and you could spend hundreds of hours and still not master everything. 200 hours in and I still consider myself a newbie. Don't let the numpties put you off."
76561198000141117,Recommended,220200,12196506,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Andy,Go where no man has gone before due to lack of funding and public interest.
76561198262717295,Recommended,220200,32184808,Posted: 4 June,all,牧濑红莉栖,"I began to play this game 4 years ago when I was a middle school student. That was only 0.22. Very shame, I played piratic one at first, (most important reason is that I didn't have credit card and my parents didn't allow me to buy game). This game helped me a lot. I nearlly finished AP physics in middle school, so when I take the AP physics class, that was really easy for me while my classmates nearlly died for that. I recommend this game to everyone who is interested in physics, spaceflight or engineering. In order to support the game and makers, they really do very hard to improve the game, I bought the game on steam after I get a credit card. This is one of the best game I have ever played."
,Recommended,220200,11555320,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Angry Hymen,"This game is not for individuals who don't like learning things that pertain to the physical realm because this game has all of it: Air Resistance, Gravity, Mass, Impacts the list goes on. You can keep a basic understanding and learn a few tricks to get the most out of the game without putting too much thought or time into learning it but you have to be able to break down at times and understand that somethings you can't always learn on your own with this game. Or if you're a total science, math and space nut you can really get into the math to fully get every inch out of your rockets and vessels so there's something for everyone. Also there's mods. It can be a lot of trial and error as well which makes the game a true challenge.NEVER KILL OR LEAVE JEBEDIAH ON A DESOLATE PLANET HE IS THE ULTIMATEDesign rockets, gather science and do missions or contracts to gain moolah to make bigger and better vessels and rockets to take to the outter portions of the solar system. The game can test your patience at times but if you really like it you will come back every time I gurantee it and if you dont like it you will know.TL;DR:♥♥♥♥♥♥is way real yo, science be cray and there will be explosions (Science, Real Physics, Hilarious failure's of rockets and craft)"
,Recommended,220200,7768592,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,calderracrusade,"If you don't know anything about the space program or orbit maneuvers, this is a hilariously fun game of attempting to build rockets and often causing massive explosions while your cute little green pilots scream on in horror (except for Jebediah, who is cheering all the way). Laugh at your new build, where you've strapped on dozens of boosters, and be rolling on the floor during launch as you watch everything slowly (or, quickly) fall apart.If you know vaguely of the space program and think learning something about how to get things into space will be fun, this is a science kit in a box. Have all the fun above, plus you'll learn what ""freefall"" and ""orbit"" and ""retrograde"" really mean with hands-on experience. Relive the Apollo missions to the moon (or for Kerbals, the Mun), simulate real NASA missions (or try to and learn much as you stay up all night trying to make your rocket fly correctly). Addictive, cute, and fun.If you've mastered space docking and other-world-landing in other games, you'll still appreciate the excellent physics and the cute take on what is often a difficult genre to break into. The physics are all there and are quite good- you could teach a class using many of the features even in this early beta. With community mods, the physics get even better (or crazier, as you wish). Fans have even programmed automated burn correction programs so you can do a professional job. Calculate delta-vee and puzzle as your probe lands precisely where it was supposed to based on your mathematical calculations- in a game featuring cute bobble-headed green men."
,Recommended,220200,8606314,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Lombardi,"KSP might honestly be the best sandbox game I have ever played.  Everyone seems to make comments about this games steep learning curve, but the reality of it is, while you are struggling trying to figure out the controls and dynamics of this game, you are probably having a load of fun blowing rockets up and watching your little green men screaming in horror (except for Jebediah, who is always cheering).  Nothing about this games learning curve is a deterrent.  It admittedly took me a couple hours to get the hang of things myself.  But while I was learning, I was having a lot of fun just messing up stuff and laughing at how quickly (or slowly) my launch fell apart.  Now that I feel I have ""mastered"" space docking and world landings, I'm still finding tons of new things to do, explore and try to recreate.  Also, the physics in this game are spot on, all the way through.  Its amazing how much learning this game really seems like it can provide.  I highly recommend this to all.  KSP is addictive, fun, and hilarious.KSP is still in early access.  So there is a lot of new content still coming out, and the community for this game is great.  Some of the community mods I've used have really blown me away.  This game is only going to get more awesome moving forward.  Buy this game and thank me later."
,Recommended,220200,15977383,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Rare Artifact Hunter,"There is something really cool about this game... But I have a terrible memory and can't quite remember it.Could it be building your own piece of space debris, launching it with the hopes that it won't quite crash into the surface of the planet, and then setting your kerbal, who is likely quite dizzy or nauseated (maybe even lobotomized), into the surface of the planet and claiming said planet for the glory of SCIENCE!  No, that sounds pretty cheesy...Maybe it was Building a space station piece by piece and then attempting to dock these seperate pieces at precise intervals, only to accidentally fly through the near complete station because you didn't un-accelerate time fast enough to slow down (so much is wrong with that).  No that sounds frustrating...Oh Oh, I know... It is undoubtedly creating a series of unmanned orbiting vehicles that all orbit in such a manner that they would allow instantaneous communication across the star system of Kerbin if there was any need for such a thing when you are but one of a handful of signs of habitation on your home planet let alone the Kerbin System.   No that sounds tedious...Oh yes, that is it... it is using your ineptitude at physics to break the physics engine attempting to create all of your science fiction romanticisms like the Death Star, a space boat, a Gundam, Star Destroyer, a Halo Station (or ringworld as I would prefer), any number of space vehicles in science fiction, as well as inaccurate replicas and jury rigged models of today's human cosmonaut program.Well whatever you enjoy, be it making a series of ICBMs and attempt to destroy your own base, or create complex rocketry designs to reach the distant planets, or even capture an asteroid and give Kerbin ANOTHER moon, or even giving Mun a moon (moon-ception)  You can do just about anything you can imagine in KSP.  Except the things you can do in game like COD or GTA, well, except kill people, but hey accidents happen.  Especially when you strap several hundred tons of rockets and fuel on haphazardly in an attempt to get into orbit.So yeah KSP, flight sim, orbit sim, crash sim, not an explosion sim, non-newtonian physics sim, or underwater exploration sim...  I mean, just get this game... its not rocket science... well it doesn't have to be."
76561198113583828,Recommended,220200,25570634,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,A Random Killer,This game is the best game about space exploration on steam and probably on the internet.
76561198010234477,Recommended,220200,10946517,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SuddenlyGuns,Early Access game that isn't Day-Z w/ functioning engine.
,Recommended,220200,10114732,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,milsorgen,Best thing since SimCity on the SNES.
,Recommended,220200,15584310,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Durkan,A truly great game where success is always near but unmitigated disaster is probably a lot closer.
,Recommended,220200,15893632,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,はく ✿ しょう,"Before play KSP I have no ideas how hard it is, to design something that is able to go to the space and come back in one piece.Exploration is human's nature, our curiosity drive us into the deep space imagining what will be waiting for us. Well, lucky you, if you are a science nerd, rocket fetish, got a lot of A plus on you Physic's examinations, KSP is the perfect game for you to spend some time for a adventure. From my experience, KSP has no flaws, apparently my expertise aspects are limited to artistic titles, video games,game designs. For science, I'm not even an amateur but if you ask me if there are any features that I wish was in the game or will be added, I would like see more solar systems and most importantly flora and fauna.So far my suggestions seems intriguing, but there's a problem for gamer who wish to see faster results, if so,I warn you that you won't go further into the game. That will be a waste of money, in my opinion. KSP has some necessary built in tutorials but that won't be enough for someone like me, amateurs, to get into orbit. Don't worry, that doesn't mean we are just going to watch others building fancy things. There is a joke about KSP, whoever ask a question in KSP community thousands reply ""Scott Manley""! Luckily we have our self a mentor on Youtube to teach us all the essentials that is required to ""enjoy"" the game.Assuming you are an amateur like me, whichever mode you started you will either get overwhelmed by all the parts that is displaying in front of you and you can't even make a damn thing out of them, or you are staring at a 4 or 5 parts and you have no ideas where this is going. If you are not a patience gamer, KSP can only be a cheap fun, you build some weird aircraft and spacecraft, fly around, click some buttons. Then KSP is definitely not a game for you and that's why spend times watching Scott Manley's tutorial is required.I had a hard time to learn the essentials, but Scott Manley is professional enough if you pay attention to his lessons. Most of the gamers will probably think, why the heck do you need to learn to play a game? Well KSP provide a strong realistic feelings (career mode), gravity, weight, budgets, design possibly everything that is related to build a spacecraft in real life is in this game. You can play it casually but you won't fully dig into this game.Failure will be inevitable, especially to people like me, I know very little things about spacecrafts, going through atmospheres, get overheated, can't even lift off the ground, can't return to ground, can't make a round orbit, suck at rescue mission, can't go to ""moon"". These frustrations are necessary but will eventually beat you, and you will rage quit. I remember I was doing a rescue mission where there are 3 astronauts need to be saved in low orbits, I successfully extract all of them but I got overheated and exploded when returning to ""Earth"". I spent merely 6 hours on that mission and yes, I didn't save it.Overall, KSP is a high quality space simulator, and a lot of potentials for you to discover, forgot to mention that KSP fully supporting mods which make this game even better! I do suggest you play the original game first then try some new mods. KSP gave me a lot of good memories, the moment that I reach the ""moon"", the moment that I reached north pole, you really feel that all that efforts worth it and it is so thrilling and satisfying to achieve something in KSP. That's what makes this game so special, after I became a decent player, I started to realize why conquering space is not that easy, as the title says. A true experience about learning and practicing space and aero technologies that you will feel. Highly recommended! TO SPACE!"
76561198013024910,Recommended,220200,15393906,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Neebert,"I have followed Kerbal Space Program for a long time and it has gone from a good game to epic! It's tricky to master but you are rewarded every step of the way and it's not even final release! My favourite single player game of all time.Now ver1 is out! Wow... what can I say, it's better than I could have hoped for. Everything that makes KSP so special has been fused together with epicness. I fail to see how you can not love it, the cute little green men, the disasters, the sucess and true freedom. Go whereever you like, build what ever you want, fail, suceed and just have too much fun. If KSP was a drug it would be tobacco. I have to remind myself it's just a single player game because it sits up there with the best games of all time not just single player games.Beauty: Every player who playes KSP will have a different path to sucess or failure. There is no right way in KSP, you build what you can to get the job done. Trial and error and even with 2000+ hours on KSP I have not built the perfect rocket because there is no perfect. If you forget an antenna or a parachute etc your mission will fail but this is how you learn.As for the new ver 1 mining stuff 10/10 it's just so polished as a game I cant praise the game enough, fantastic+epic!"
,Recommended,220200,15640746,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Mr. Higgins,"If you enjoy spending hours building, destroying, rebuilding, relaunching, redestroying, tweaking, rebuilding, relaunching, attempting, re-attempting, and painstakingly fulfilling exeptionally difficult and specific parameters in order to complete missions then this is the game for you. Words can never express the satisfaction success brings. 10/10 game - and this is all from before the new updates, which have consistently been better and better throughout the early access process."
76561198203714352,Recommended,220200,19535392,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,musthavecake,Kerbal Space Program has showed me why NASA takes so long to do things. Apperantly blowing up rockets is expensive and flying to the moon takes 9 tries. 10/10
76561197993620240,Recommended,220200,15977418,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Jigoral,"Oh my Science....This is... BY FAR....My favorite video game of the current era.Those who know me, know I'm a rabid Fallout and Resident Evil fangirl. I can't call this game my favorite yet (Fallout 2 still has this title by a steady grasp) but KSP is a very close follower.To sum up the entirety of this game in a few phrases or memes....This game = NASA + Lemmings.KSP is hollywood rocket science....collect ALL THE SCIENCE!There are 3 modes of play. The first mode is sandbox. You get all the parts unlocked, you can build anything you can think of, and then explode it marvellously while trying to fire it up into space. The second mode, is Science mode. This unlocks the Tech Tree and the collection of science. Parts are restricted by the Tech Tree, visitable through the R&D building. Collecting science unlocks branches in the Tech Tree. This gives you access to more and more parts, until you're eventually at the end of the tree, and its basically like Sandbox mode. The third is Career Mode. Career is the fully unlocked version of the game, requiring you to balance limited parts (locked behind the Tech Tree, requiring the collection of Science), limited money (Rocket science is expensive! Ships now cost money, and you have limited funding. In order to get more money, you need to complete missions from the Mission Control building), and spontaneous explosive deconstruction.The whole point of the game is to explore the Kerbol system. Its that simple. Build rockets, leave the planet Kerbin (third from the sun Kerbol), and visit all you can. The Kerbol System has 8 planets, Moho (like Mercury), Eve (Venus analogue), Kerbin (Earth-like), Duna (Mars rip-off), Dres (Small planet, light gravity, hard to land on), Jool (Jupiter wannabe), and Eeloo (Pluto if it was a planet!). Each planet has its own special features, moons, things to see, and difficulties in visiting.The game has an INCREDIBLE modding community, which I recommend, and the YouTube community loves making crafts and blowing them up. I VERY MUCH invite you to watch Scott Manley's videos for learning Kerbal science and aerodynamics.... skills needed to blow up much less often than before!The game still has its issues... I commonly find the Hell Kraken or♥♥♥♥♥Kraken (Community known bugs), but this may be due to the mods installed on my game.  The Windows x64 version is horribly broken, but the other versions are great."
,Recommended,220200,27230265,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,D3NL,The best game for engineers and those who dreamed of becoming a cosmonaut in childhood. Absolutely must have )
,Recommended,220200,8409097,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Jim Jam Jammer,Oh the Kerbality!
,Recommended,220200,7743599,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Mon Zombo,"If you're looking for a space exploration game set in the Kerbol system, this is your game.Literally the best space exploration game set in the Kerbol system."
76561198077523958,Recommended,220200,14413079,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ThunderFuck McPickupTruck,"""It's not homocide, It's ROCKET SCIENCE!"" -Anonymous10/10 would kill kerbals again."
76561198028225410,Recommended,220200,13768146,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mr.Awesome!,"Houston, we have a problem..."
,Recommended,220200,15635747,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Celador,"I've been waiting patiently before reviewing this game and finally they released it so i can post my thoughts about it.The idea behind this game is amazing - you get to explore a solar system, build various rockets, pretend to be an engineer, a pilot or an explorer. They've managed to allow as much creativity as it actually possible at this current development level for simulation/strategy game.HOWEVER (it is a big however, i know) before you can actually enjoy anything like building a satellite to orbit around some distant planet, or a two way mission to the Mun - you will either have to learn hours and hours, and hours, and hours, even more hours of youtube tutorials or... cheat.When it comes to tutorials and explaining ""how things work in the game we made"" the developers failed so miserably, so utterly and completely, that you actually have to wonder which audience they intended this game for?Telling a new player to try and land a vehicle near space center - is not a tutorial. Forgetting to mention recently added features like heating and cooling, so they would inevitably burn in the atmosphere is a shocking oversight. Not mentioning how to save up fuel when launching vessels, changing orbits or de-orbiting is just lousy.Bottom line is - there is no comprehensive tutorial in this game whatsoever, no learning curve, no actually useful in game tips, tooltips or explanations on anything. Period.So before you actually can enjoy this game in its fullest (repetitively launching badly designed pieces of crap is just a part of it) - you will have to spend hours learning how the hell you can launch a vessel properly, save fuel, dock, transfer to another object, land, land in different atmosphere, land without an atmosphere, take off, etc. etc. etc.I was expecting them to completely revamp the tutorials and the learning curve - they did not. Because of that i was prepared to thumb it down but i could not. Even though developers clearly do not care about players actually getting into their game and enjoying it without wasting a lot of time - modders do care. There are mods that allow cheating, better parts and complete designs which reduce the difficulty curve significantly. There are also plenty of videos (i recommend Scott Manley) which explain various game aspects in details and manage to be both interesting and educational at the same time.So yeah... while i am very disappointed in developers, the community and modders made this game better, good enough to recommend it."
76561198071586358,Recommended,220200,12695770,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Ꭷ ℜaven Ꭷ,Jebediah Simulator 203769/10
76561198016751476,Recommended,220200,15676211,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,popvitez,"I can't describe enough how much this game is awesome. It is frustrating annoying and makes you cry, but first time you land on the moon you are hooked for life.11/10Srpski - ljudi igra je odlična, nećete pogrešiti sa kupovinom, isplati se svaki dinar."
76561197983163847,Recommended,220200,10859657,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jeffiewhite,"Awsome realistic Space Program Game where you build a rocket to get to the moon, outside the gravity of earth or even to a distant planet in the same solar system!!!"
76561198097390721,Recommended,220200,15719025,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Nuklearburrito,Much phiychcs many fun very Graphic much Awesome
76561198045823244,Recommended,220200,8009452,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,DarthGreen,Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,220200,11213976,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Jebediah Kerman,"If you like space, rocket science and are looking for exploration, this is the game. You learn real-world science and every mission is more rewarding than the other. 10/10."
,Recommended,220200,23944519,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tianzi,"With 80 hours invested into this game I can safely say it's amazing!KSP is an open sandbox space exploration simulator. Your role is a director that oversee the whole operation from fund management, hiring test dum- qualified astronauts, and building your ship design to hopefully reach space and beyond.Story wise this game doesn't have one. They career mode which is decent but it requires alot of grinding to unlock technology to advance your ship. As of my review this game has plenty of content but not enough interactive options. Such as my kerbals stats didn't much at all, no recoloring, or real purpose of exploration other then saying you didWhat this game lack is backed by a healthy molding community that put a sense of purpose to explore for resource, new ship design and energy source, and weapons!This game is abut trail and error. One mistake can cost a whole mission and most of my botch up mission ended a satisfying ball of fire and explosion.ProsEasy setup and understandExtreme replay valueConstant updatesExploration is satisfyingHealthy molding communityConsPlanet exploration has no real purpose without modsLack of customization other then shipsOverallPick up this game now, it is worth it at full price. This game to me spawn the whole idea of vehicle biudiling simulator with a purpose or mission.MSRP: $39.99Recommend Pick up Price: $39.99, and donate to Development!"
76561198281484746,Recommended,220200,30042810,Posted: 19 February,all,FreakeyP,"If you are into space, science, and space travel, this is definitely for you.Build planes, rockets, and shuttles, and blast off on an adventure.Different play modes, including sandbox mode, where you can let your imagination run wild.Build different spaceships, do science projects, or visit other celestial bodies. The choice is yours.Graphics are solid, and the soundtrack fits the environment of the game.The only issue I can see people having is the game can take up a lot of your time, and if you are a busy person, this might not be the game for you, for this reason.Also, some people may find the game a little heavy in the science and math section, so it might be a little more of a steep learning curve for them.Overall great game that you should get if you get the chance.Don't take my word for it, and check out my video by clicking on the link.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GAc4uyZXVQ&list=PLGCO4EfbVB6UVN66O410Q_ikoxImUOe7O&index=1"
76561197995322389,Recommended,220200,10594296,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TOG | Non Action Man,"Awesome little time sink of a game. The introduction of career mode has added to the adventure. The NASA addition of asteriod interception is challenging if you wish to partake.All in all, a great little game! though beware the Kraken!"
,Recommended,220200,9058494,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Mitchell,"This will send you to space!This is a very detailed game, and in most cases a lot of work, I have still not had one successful mission but soon I hopefully will!But it's not very noob friendly, when you first get the game it'll be quite hard to learn all the keybinds and remember everything that you need to know.8/10I would like it if it was more beginner friendly but it's not impossible, a lot of people have learned it, this is just based from my experience."
,Recommended,220200,9769028,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,James Elvin the Wetty Reposter,"Kerbal space program is a physics sandbox space simulator. You can build ships or planes using individual parts such as engines, fuel tanks, solar panels etc. Planets are almost realistically sized and so is the space between them. You can build space stations, send probes to intercept the moon or some how build a manned base on the gas giant 'Jool'.If you ever get bored of the game then you can visit the space port website where you can download hundreds of modifications to the game, including physics changing ones!"
76561198093251039,Recommended,220200,17359744,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,succ_,"1,000 Hours, and that's only on record. It's not going to get bording anytime soon thanks to the developers and it's collection of modders."
76561198044700786,Recommended,220200,32943069,Posted: 28 June,all,Darth Tellor,Best executed indie game I ever played with big modding stage.Physics and explosions are FUN!
76561198022324601,Recommended,220200,10001318,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Galahad,If you like to build rockets and watch them explode then this is the game you are looking for !
,Recommended,220200,9655797,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,[CHEA] bakerXderek,Flew to an alien planet and snorted moondust and ♥♥♥♥ed ♥♥♥♥♥es.11/10
,Recommended,220200,8112572,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Koekoenutt,"This game is simply amazing. Squad has done well with such an ambitious idea, and creates a creative game that makes hours go by without notice. Has also taught me a lot about space in the process."
76561197992928324,Recommended,220200,30590045,Posted: 18 March,all,Monkeyhead,681 hours of playtime. 6x my skyrim total. I honestly wish the developers took donations.
76561197972952500,Recommended,220200,25698449,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Voltar,"Ok, first step... Build rocket, watch it explode.Second Step: Build rocket again, launch it, then watch it dive bomb into the ground/water/mountain....Third Step: Build rocket again, launch it, make it to the upper atmosphere and discover you didn't bring enough fuel....Fourth: Build rocket again, add more fuel, launch, and finally get it into orbit.....Fifth Step: Pass out from high blood pressure attack from actually getting into orbit and finding out you don't have enough fuel to return to the planet....Sixth Step: Look at the clock and discover you forgot to go to work, feed the cat, ect.Seveth Step: Return to step 1.Bloody love this game!  I acutally have more hours than posted, as I play this game on my laptop while on the road, usually at night so that I'm all stressed out.Now the Cons:[ ] Steep learning curve, unless you have high understanding of physic's, math, your already an Astronaut.[ ] An i5 Intel CPU (or AMD equal) or better recommended[ ] Lots of memory and graphics memory"
76561198131136120,Recommended,220200,25695249,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,lysol121,"This game is amazing. There was a bit of a learning curve to figuring out the specifications needed for a space ship to reach its target, but with a little reasearch on orbital mechanics and rocket design,  designing rockets became easier. It's such a satisfying feeling when you finally acomplish missions that took hours of hard work, I've even had to pull out the old pen, paper and FE approved calculator a few times while playing this game."
,Recommended,220200,13622465,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,RandomDudeOP,"Well...if you look into my profile pictures, you can see the things that you can make and things like that.It has a high repay value imo, but the game is difficult for some users. As my friends like to call this game a NASA simulator.Highly recommend this game to anyone that loves rockets and ship building, even though it has a large learning curve, you will benefit from it, for the game, and for yourself.I also might have shot jeb far into outer space..."
76561198009073780,Recommended,220200,9705838,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Burzgrokash,"This is the most freaking awesome game ever made in history of gaming (if you're into realistic space-travel).Although it's really, really hard it gives you those moments of pure epicness which can't be topped in gaming.The triumph after a successful mission makes you feel like you're sitting on top of a 1600 ton rocket only fueled by emotion!!!Explosions both controlled and completely-whack-a-kerbal-out-of-control are the most essential aspect of this game. And explosions are always good.Buy it."
76561198054334924,Recommended,220200,7615955,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Robo_warrior,How hard can rocket science be anyway???
76561198041036415,Recommended,220200,32458402,Posted: 15 June,all,Dicaetra,One of my favorite games.   Build rockets and spacecraft and explore the solar system of Kerbin!  I have a much more intuitive understaning of orbital physics after playing this game.   I can't reccomend enough if you are a space nerd.
,Recommended,220200,32473719,Posted: 16 June,all,phencyl,"buys kspwatches scott manlyover estimates selfkills 100 kerbalsrepeat 50 timesmaster gamegets boredinstalls 50 modsrealize pc cant handle itbuys new gpuinstalls weapon modkills  everythingrepeat 100 timesmasters modsBecomes The Krakenbuilds epic space station.......crashes it into the moonfinds alien life.....get trapped on alien planet....... ????????????????????????????????????????????????????builds a rocketflies to kerban??? wait i never got that one down... is it earth? kebin, planet kerb?????????build giant spaceshipkills jebidiahR . I . P    Jebediah Kermanrepeat10/10 best game"
76561197991317007,Recommended,220200,32449785,Posted: 15 June,all,Yellow Knight,I've been playing this game since super early access when you could download builds from their website. Still the same basic gameplay. Go to space. Do science. Fight the deep space kraken (removed later because of unbalanced boss mechanics). Great game.
76561198062927917,Recommended,220200,12355816,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Duke Silver,"Bill sure has been on EVA for quite some  time now. Not sure if he's flashing his headlamp to say ""Hi!"" or in distress. Better wave, just in case."
,Recommended,220200,9896721,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,El Rushbo,"I can honestly say this is one of the most enjoyable games recently developed that I have ever seen. A steep learning curve means progress can be slow and difficult, but overcoming challenges become all the more rewarding as a result. You have the options to build spacecraft that are simple, complex, brilliant, insane, or a combination of all four. Then you get to fly what you've built and see whether you need to change the design, or merely how you fly it. With a community that is usually eager to help those who struggle, feedback and advice is seldom out of reach. I highly recommend this game if you're into space exploration and are not afraid of a challenge."
76561198060516447,Recommended,220200,13507182,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Diomedea,"Pros* Super nerdy game* Spend hours designing you space craft* And then spend houts flying your space craft* Realistic universe* Land on moons and other planets* Many mods make the game even more enjoyable like MechJeb, KW Rocketry* Active community* KerbalsCons* Career mode is a bit annoying when you are used to sandbox mode (active this and this module between 21000 and 22000 meter altitude.....come on....wtf)* Airplanes seem a bit underdeveloped next to rockets8/10"
76561198092058182,Recommended,220200,13382433,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,BigMoney_Rush,Fun but needs commitment to learn how to play
76561198176359519,Recommended,220200,32905863,Posted: 27 June,all,Detective Taytos,This game is definitly worth buying And is a very addicting game that may seem very hard at first but will get easier
,Recommended,220200,7948329,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Hudson633,"Stimulating, rewarding, enjoyable. KSP provides a Solar System and space technology similar to Earth's. Career mode gives an excellent context for performing ""experiments""(go to place X and press button Y) to unlock better or different spaceship components, and has the freedom to let you choose what to attempt first, or go on free mode.Building a craft and putting it in orbit, going on to land a probe/rover/lander to a planet/moon feels fufilling. On the way doing spacewalks, crew reports, atmosphere/space experiments. It's a very involving game, solving the problems of how to reach a planet, slow down and land on it, and then get back.Ontop of being a fun game, KSP provides an easy way to grasp the concepts of space travel, and it's not overly complicated. Just pick the right parts, and fire your rocket at the right time and direction to get somewhere. Suffers a stuttering issue for many people, but it's not a gamebreaker.ːbronzestarːːbronzestarːːbronzestarːːbronzestarːːbronzestarː"
76561198054419792,Recommended,220200,12160529,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Dustin,It's worth learning physics just to play this game. 10/10
,Recommended,220200,32474708,Posted: 16 June,all,mrninjabobdude,"Kerbal Space Program is a great game in my opinion. I probably put more hours into this game than I have put in any other individual game in my Steam library. Unfortunately, it has been bought by Take Two Interactive, who seems to love DLC and hate mods. I retain my positive view on Kerbal Space Program and that will only change if Take Two starts ruining the game. Until then, Kerbal Space Program is highly recommended by me."
,Recommended,220200,34491353,Posted: 25 August,all,Nirbush,"Great game, Great fun, I do very stupid moves quite often in this game but i do believe the game is geared for u to fail quite often (It is kinda like rocket science afterall)..  the sheer joy u receive when u land on Mun for the first time and do your spacewalk then realize♥♥♥♥♥♥ur guy is now stuck on Mun and you spend the next 20 game hrs trying to conceive a plan and create a ship to rescue him. Then the ship blows up entering  Kerbin atmosphere.. Yep the joy... the frustration...  I suggest you buy this game, you won't regret it"
76561198024393621,Recommended,220200,12724761,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,esinohio,"A review that should have come a long long time ago.  What can I say about Kerbal Space Program other than buy it.   Buy a copy for yourself, buy copies for your family memebers, and buy copies as gifts for your friends.Hands down the best money on entertainment I have ever spent.  I've spent more hours than I care to admit to playing this gem of a game and in addition to the sheer joy and feelings of accomplishment this game gives its users you will also find yourself learning a ton about orbital mechanics in a fun and exciting way.That feeling of accomplishment is so core to the Kerbal Space Program experience.  I can't think of a single KSP player who doesn't have a first docking story or loads of screenshots/videos from their first landing on another planet.  The list is endless with this game.Another great part of the KSP experience is the community here and on the main forums.  The mod community is large and very active.  Mods for this title will blow you away!!!  So much so that some mods were swallowed up by the developers and the mod developers now work along side Squad.If you have not yet bought this game I invite you to download the demo here on Steam or fromwww.KerbalSpaceProgram.comAfter downloading the demo hit Youtube and grab some popcorn for the hours upon hours of tutorials and general fun surrounding this game.  If your anything like me it won't take but 5 minutes in the demo before you instantly see the value of this game.Click buy!!!  You will not regret your purchase!!!!"
,Recommended,220200,10521055,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,AlexMiamorsch | Fencer,"This game got me all into mathematics and ignited a flame in me that started a greater hype of getting knowledge over topics that is way beyond my understandings that I still dont understand how it did that.Since i started playing that and understood what orbits, gravity and other things really are, I got way deeper into space than I ever imagined I would.I suddenly got interested in what general relativity is, the basic laws of motion, the rocket equation, all the mathematics involved with the game and the mechanics, etc etc etc etc...SO BEWARE: THIS GAME WILL MAKE YOU A NERD UNLESS YOU ALREADY ARE.Get it! 100%! We need more Lennards anyway."
,Recommended,220200,10553807,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ComradeJoecool,"I really love this game. It is like you are NASA and all of its employees. You get to design and build the rockets, spaceships, and planes and then fly them. I am currently doing missions to explore and land on the moons of what would be Jupiter in the game, and I can still see a lot of content left for me to explore.Once you get into the game a bit, I highly suggest looking into downloading some mods for the game, since it has a pretty strong modding community.This game teaches you geometry, planetary motion, the effects of gravity in space and much, much more. I find myself using my calculator to plan my missions and drawing up mission outlines. Success in the game takes a smart mind and a good plan. I think it is one of the best games I have ever played.I highly recommed it."
,Recommended,220200,8644322,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,SimplyJpk | SimplyTF =-,"I. Love. Dis. Game.It has quite a harsh learning curve, i tossed this game aside after 10-20 failed launches, But when i came back a week or two later, I put some time into it. The list of mods for this game are endless with some of the more well known being MechJeb(Good for Newbie) K9, Kethane, Extended rocket packs. etc etc, Massive list.I find myself starting a new game every couple weeks just because a lot can be done differently, I tend to try keep my place clean, Place a flag everywhere i go. Run out of fuel and end up stranded. Send rescue missions. A lot of what this game has to offer comes down to ones own willingness to make it themselves lol.A few great YouTubers for KSP but i absolutely love Scott Manley, I've picked up a lot of things from watching his video's.Regardless!, Excellent game, and i intend to play to play it for a long time to come.10/10"
76561198074312818,Recommended,220200,14199236,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bong_Science,"It's a game about orbital mechanics. Who knew science could be so much fun?Admittedly, I was a bit relunctant to purchase due to ""early access"" stigma or something along those lines. Glad I did! If you like science, sandboxes, space, and blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up with moar boosters, this is for you.There's a sizable learning curve, sure, but don't let that put you off (it took me close to 70 hours in to get good enough at docking) KSP has one of the best, if not THE best community hands down. On top of that, there's the legendary Scott Manley on YouTube who has extensive knowledge and makes things crystal clear. Once you figure out the fundamentals in this game, things become quite a bit easier and you can really let your creativity run loose.Also, this game can help you learn about orbital mechanics. KSP has helped tremendously with giving my interest in science a much needed boost.Then there's the mods. The wonderful folk who make mods spend lots of time seamlessly integrating them into KSP.Chances are, if there's something you desire in KSP that doesn't exist just yet, there's a mod for it, or being currently made. When I started playing with mods, it opened up so many doors for creativity.In short, KSP offers a lot. Especially as an early access title, and compared to a lot of AAA titles being released.I think Squad will become one of the best devs out there.I recommend this over and over again.Uh. BUY IT."
,Recommended,220200,22014857,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,fizilicious,"An excellent space simulation game with tons of user-made contents and mods existed. Learning curve is quite steep, but once you understand it the experience is priceless. Some of the features are much simplified from real life rocket science due to technical and gameplay reasons (no n-body physics, less punishing air resistance model, etc), yet it is still quite challenging for beginners (including me lol).While the vanilla version of the game is already almost perfect, it is greatly improved by the mod supports. There are tons of contents and mods in the repository, like adding a far more realistic physics (better air resistance model, realistic planet size, experimental n-body system), adding sci-fi and far-future engines (like Alcubierre warp drive and wormholes),  adding new robot parts (yes, you can build Macross' Valkyrie and Gundam) and adding a whole new exoplanet system. Heck, there are even programming mods if you want to challenge yourself to fly your own space ships just by code!So, in Kerbal Space Program, the sky is not the limit."
,Recommended,220200,9011776,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,liquidation intellegence nigga,"Best game ever, you can literally build out your hearts desire. Easy to mod, functions well with said mods. Squad, thank you for this wonderful game."
76561198015460229,Recommended,220200,9888091,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Fox McCloud,One of the finest games I've ever played!
76561198089549435,Recommended,220200,8990260,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,AndolfTheGrey,so you are saying i can send little green dudes to the death of my choosing?........ uuummmm HELL YEAH COUNT BE IN 20/10 would play countless times again
76561197986913904,Recommended,220200,16050559,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Cataclysm666,"What a fantastic game!I have been playing since early beta and had the pleasure of watching this game blossom into what it is today.If you enjoy building and tinkering, planes and rockets, space exploration, and many, many explosions, then this game is definitely for you!You have the pleasure of building the Kerbal Space Program from the ground up. Starting from your very first rocket exploding on the pad, you will soon be taking your Kerbals to distant planets with full blown multi-stage ships, and planning trans orbital maneuvers like you had been doing it all your life.If I were new to KSP, I think my only complaint would be the lack of a thorough tutorial. The player is really left to fend for themselves as far as using features goes. There is a lot to learn about controlling and building your craft, and most of it has to be done by trial and error. Fortunately there are plenty of community resources for KSP, so a short Google search will get you past any features you are having trouble with.This game will certainly be a joy to play. Definitely recommended for anyone with a mind to download it."
,Recommended,220200,14911354,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,SophieWritress,"One of the only games where I can learn physics and many other scientific facts while achieving greatness. At the same time, I get to kill innocent Kerbals that dare to fail me. I love this game."
76561198119203577,Recommended,220200,11305856,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Bodacious Bob,this game is explosively good!
,Recommended,220200,12406479,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Isaac,"""T-Minus 5...4...3...2...1... And lift off goes the spaceship ... ... ... Jim. Can I say that on T.V?""""I-I-I really don't know... Uh, just uh, just go for it.""""--Off goes the space ship ... ...♥♥♥♥♥♥Penis"" He pauses &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥penis... Duna Penatrator... Off to go explore the unknown lands of Duna."""
,Recommended,220200,12401144,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,kylector,This game is awesome in every way.
,Recommended,220200,7760970,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,NoXPhasma,"This game makes so much fun, building rockets, destroy them and finally make them fly into the orbit. And from there to other moons / planets and maybe back to home :-). It's so funny to watch your Kerbals doing stuff.It's a fantastic game, even it's in alpha state.I know that some people struggle a bit in the beginning, because the tutorials are not really good (yet). But there are thousands of good tutorials and gameplay videos on youtube about this game (As a hint: check the youtube channel of Scott Manley!). And of course the big and nice community which will help you.There are also many mods for this game, which add more parts to build your rockets, or just helpful things like autopilot (MechJeb 2)."
76561198030784938,Recommended,220200,13803852,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Blame Bad Tidings,This game is educational and addicting. There isn't an excuse to not pick this up at any price.
76561198353340551,Recommended,220200,33638022,Posted: 18 July,all,Skr1llK1ll,"KSP is a great simulation game that I recommend you buying. I teaches you about space and physics, but also has many fun things to mess around with. It teaches you gravity and things you can relate to the real world. Playing the game and completing a mission is very fun and makes you feel accomplished. You can either mess around in Sandbox mode, where everything is free (and there's cheats). Or do business in Career mode which you need to pay attention to your budget. Overall it's a fun science game which in my opinion, is the best game I've ever played."
76561197971872842,Recommended,220200,13144502,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Riph,"Pros:+Totally open ended, build whatever sort of rockets you like.+Persistent universe, rockets you send up today can serve as docking platforms or refueling stations for things you send tomorrow.+Fun cartoon aesthetic.+Built-in procedural quest system (Contracts) always available to give you new goals.  They're totally optional, you can fly wherever your fuel will take you.+This game taught me orbital mechanics.Cons:-Rough optimization.  You may need a beefy rig especially if you want to make big complicated rockets.  However a small rocket can complete most of the in game challenges and is kinder on your system.-Control scheme can take some getting used to.  Everything is rebindable though.-Dedication to realism means that you're sometimes hitting the time compression button and waiting (and waiting) for an orbital launch window to open.  However this is only an issue for distant planets.  The moon is always nearby and ready to explore.This game doesn't hold your hand because there's not one (or even ten) correct answers to any problem.  You may find certain tasks like getting a stable orbit or docking with another craft challenging, but there's literally hundreds of cheerful, informative youtube vids offering tips.  And if it starts hard, you'll feel like a boss when you finally nail it."
76561198016484206,Recommended,220200,9537697,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,goatgas,"Fun game, fun time. And no guns were needed for ""fun"". Also educational in the basics of interplanetary flight. I would recommend this game to anyone interested in space and its exploration."
76561198093602627,Recommended,220200,21851053,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,grandnovice,"Even with the glitches and crashes, I have spent like 1800 hours in Kerbal. Sadly, many things I still can't do, which has left me to improvize around my handicaps, creating crazily oversized and engineered craft, but also at times to go super-duper teeny-tiny. My latest thing is spaceplanes, which can be a real challenge. That and run-on sentences :-)Keeping fingers crossed for the serious update that is in the works."
,Recommended,220200,11597934,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,OneOfTheChips,"This game has brought two of my favourite things together;Space and explosions.It just feels so satisfying when you get a ship in orbit, on the Mun, or in the sun(though the Kerbals may not enjoy it)!It's a great game , and I recommend it for anyone with a bit of time on their hands and some patience."
76561198012930369,Recommended,220200,13030479,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,[TA]Broodmother,Legitimately one of the most fun games i have ever played. If this game even looks mildly appealing to you then i have no doubt you will enjoy it also.
,Recommended,220200,13510067,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,☯zsh☯,Great game.  Committed genocide with green guys.  Wasted billions of dollars.10/10 would play again.
76561198043296659,Recommended,220200,9751874,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,SirHologram,Rockets? check. Explosions? check. Space? check. Hilarity? check. Mod support? check. What more could you ask for!?!?
76561198073373267,Recommended,220200,7741853,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Sunfire Jones,"Very fun game! Been playing for a year in early access and if you are into true Sandbox games that allow you to explore the world and universe around you, this is the game for you!You basically build whatever you want/need to get your ship to do what you wanted it to do, whether is building massive interplanetary rockets or space planes that can leave orbit and fly inside the planets atmosphere, or even send a space station in orbit to refuel and restock, all from scrap!The one thing the game does lack is direction or a mission type system to give the player purpose beyond building their dream ships. A career mode is in the works but doesn't provide goals beyond researching matter throught the galaxy.I'd recomend this game to anyone who is into sci-fi, space exploration, engineering, and simulation games.8/10 rating."
,Recommended,220200,10339675,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,CycloneCloner,BEST GAME EVER!Allows for endless gameplay and has a very easy modding system.
,Recommended,220200,9310282,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,♫☣Rainbow Dash☣♫,Great space game ill tell ya what
,Recommended,220200,10284754,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,partty1,Made my Kerbal fly 1km above the surface of the Sun..... 10/10
,Recommended,220200,9614839,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,The Trashman,This game took away my social life.10/10 Game of the Year. Any Year.
,Recommended,220200,8982590,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,DerposDeVikingYT,This game is awesome especially when you get to space its so beautiful it almost makes me cry
,Recommended,220200,34764417,Posted: 5 September,all,Jef?,noice
,Recommended,220200,23734617,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ian Beale,Nuked the polar caps and no climate change.Checkmate lefties.
,Recommended,220200,25661286,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Minecraft Steve,"After over 300 hours ofplaying, this game crashes the most on my computer. I just recently had a game crash, and the window that said ""KSP.exe has crashed"" had crashed, then the window that said that last window crashed, then crashes.10/10Would crash again"
,Recommended,220200,7998619,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,daddy,this is the greatest ♥♥♥♥ing game you will ever own.
,Recommended,220200,9369077,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,lovely deckhand,Great game
,Recommended,220200,25602763,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Thunderstruck,Want to play a airplane sim? KSP. Space Sim? KSP. Moon lander sim? KSP. Anything related to physics sim? KSP.
,Recommended,220200,15798149,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,-⑨- Fluo,"Didn't want to review it when it was still in Alpha. It's out of Alpha and is a solid game, science space and fun. You can take it serious and go career mode, or sandbox and just mess about and everything inbetween"
,Recommended,220200,16712767,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,FastJack,"This game has a steep learning curve but once you give it time and start to understand how it all comes together you will fall in-love with it.It is like a rocket scientist decided to make a game one day probably while waiting to build the next breakthrough rocket ship, that or waiting on a new budget to come through. ;)Seriously there is so many things nested into this game it would take many playthroughs just to even scratch the surface of just what all you can do! For example my first few hours was just trying to figure out how to build a simple rocket but oh man was it fun.I highly recomend this game to everyone who is a space game junky like myself, you will not regret it at all... :-)"
76561198173106006,Recommended,220200,18822332,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,SAS.UK™,Simply Stunning!An absolute must have for any space enthusiast & accurate enough for any professional to enjoy.Golden Joystick award 2015 well deserved!2001/10.  Would corporate murder multiple Kerbals again & again.  And again.
,Recommended,220200,25361412,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,The_Recon2000,It's ok
76561197999436605,Recommended,220200,24884485,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,PezOnaytor,"- built rocket- forgot to stage it correctly- Jeb dies, (again... for 25th time), on launch pad- Jeb's family rises and revolts- new rocket.... Aimed at Space Center, (THIS IS FOR JEB!!!)- Conflict spreads through out solar system- War.... War Never Changes...10/10 , would start war on kerbin again!"
76561198077175040,Recommended,220200,11235609,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Logan,Extremely fun game with a tonne of replay value. I would recommend it to anyone.
76561198004302321,Recommended,220200,11305909,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Cool Birb,"Made a ship, it exploded, kerbal survived, he was happy the whole time, this game is mad"
,Recommended,220200,9148637,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,LaizaLott,"I played Orbiter for years to get my jollies in space. Kerbal surpasses this in almost every conceivable way.I have nothing more to say on it. Kerbal is great, everyone shouuld own it."
76561198018345517,Recommended,220200,9659040,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Kenshusei Richard,"Kerbal space program is by far the most interesting game I’ve played in a long time. In this engaging game, you are given control of a budding space agency and a pre set solar system for you to explore. You get to design, build, launch and pilot rockets and planes in a realistic space flight simulator and discover just how hard space missions can actually be. As of today (29.03.14) there are no objectives or mission in the campaign mode yet, but that hasn’t stopped me from clocking in over 200 enjoyable hours since release.As the game is still in development, there is also tons more material to follow and each time I am left really excited by playing and even more excited to hear news of updates, which are quite frequent to give the devs at Squad credit, ranging from three to four months between updates typically. The game has tons of features and is expanding all the time- from figuring out how to launch ever increasing payloads into orbit, to conducting specific experiments in space to basic exploration. You even have to plan in for survival in space by building batteries and solar panels to your ships as without power, they become dead sticks in space. For any science geek like myself or for anyone who is interested in the space programs of the world in general, this game is a must have and is worth every penny of its £20 asking price in my opinion.Kerbal also gives you a massive sense of achievement as you learn more about the physics of flying space missions.  I still have vivid memories and even a grin while thinking about my very first successful landing on the Mun, the nearest orbiting body to the home planet.After playing for over 200 hours I can thankfully report that there is  still a huge mass of things for me to do. I’ve still not found a way to explore some of the further most planets- my rocket designs are simply not up to that task yet which is another motivation for me to keep playing. I’ve still not been able to return a man (kerbal) from another planet yet despite several drone and probe landings. All of this, plus the additional updates means that I can play this game after a long day at work knowing that I’ve still only really scratched the surface.Kerbal at present has 2 modes. There is the sandbox in which you get all the parts to go play with instantly- and there is the skeleton of the Career mode which is fleshed out more in updates along the road. In the career mode, you unlock parts for your space program using a resource called science. Science is generated by doing experiments from certain locations E.G. a crew report whilst flying over some mountains. The game has a great mechanic built in; in which running repeat experiments on the same thing has huge diminishing returns. This means that if you want to generate more science and unlock more parts, your missions need to go further and do something new. You also come across a problem- Science can only be collected on Kerbin, your home planet. So how do you get your experimental results back home? Do you plan for a return trip and build a larger craft with more fuel and re-entry kit or will you sacrifice some of the “science” you could have earned by using the radio to transmit data back to Kerbin- which means you’ll have to go back and do the experiment again to get the rest of the science you could have earned? These kinds of decisions really colour the choices you make,  challenge a player to put time and effort into their designs and to think about their flight plan as with limited fuel and power, missions are not straightforward. For those who don’t like that idea, relax- there is a debug mode in which you can grant yourself infinite fuel so you can look around everything with a little ship- but where is the fun in that?The moding community for kerbal space program is fantastic. It’s a little harder to integrate mods into the campaign mode, but it can be done even by my severely limited computing skills. As for the sandbox, moding is fun and adds new features and challenges. Want to map planets from orbit? There’s a mod for that. Want to include life support like oxygen/ CO2? There is a mod for that too- hell there is even a radio chatter mod. Pretty much any feature you would like to have will most likely have a mod for it and most of them can be found at the Kerbal space port (Google it, easy to find). The community input into kerbal is phenomenal allowing you to have sci-fi fantasy engines that can fly you out of the solar system on one tank of fuel or delicate life support/ power features for more realistic missions. Another mod I would like to sing the praises of is Kerbal space program multiplayer. Here you can fly missions with other users over the net. Hell yes! But I can’t promise that this will be sticking around as the game engine updates frequently. So if you’re thinking of buying for that reason- wait; as of yet there is not official multiplayer of the game.Lastly- are there any issues? Well yes, this is a work in progress after all. Some of the larger rockets can wobble strangely and some of the connectors can have issues, meaning that the complicated craft you spend 2 hours designing needs to be tweaked repeatedly.One of the parts in the core game causes an error as of last update (the hitchhiker support module) but I’m sure this can be and will be fixed- and it's not a majorly inportant part anyhow. But other than these minor teething problems, which to be fair can be expected of a game in development, there are no major issues that I have found or that I can think of that are really frustrating.If you need any more information before deciding whether this game is for you, check out YouTube- there are hundreds of vids up there with commentary and good examples of game play. Hope this review was helpful in making your choice."
,Recommended,220200,8495845,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,pahimar,"Originally, I thought this game would be a bit ""dumbed down"" or overly childish. I was terribly, terribly wrong. One of my favourite games now - the level of realism it retains while also being easily approachable is very satisfying."
,Recommended,220200,8687110,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,bissen21,Probably the most satisfying game to play. Always setting new goals and trying new designs.
76561198070856862,Recommended,220200,11168419,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Zeit Krieger Dwight,10/10 would fail at a mun landing again
,Recommended,220200,17258895,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Captain Tossbag Bumblecunt,"It's insane that a game with no plot can still have absolutely thrilling stories. You definitely get what you put into it (and more), and I've had a hell of a time flying with Captain Jebediah and his crew through the cosmos.10/10, would crash again."
76561198149392412,Recommended,220200,21239427,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,RedKhan,great game
76561198035720636,Recommended,220200,10807903,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Northstar1989,"An AMAZING game, with an extensive, supportive, and very involved player community.  Also, tons of mods around to add huge amounts of scope to the game.  A GREAT game overall!Highly recommended."
76561198085301203,Recommended,220200,11735420,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,PrivateRyan,Just Get It
,Recommended,220200,13637569,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Markavian,"Hours of fun - the perfect mix of simulation, exploration, creativity, and experimentation. This game teaches you so much about rockets, space flight, atmospheric re-entry, and explosions. Lots of explosions. The skill level goes from ""I just want to blast things into orbit"" right the way up to constructing a multi-part space station above a remote planet in the solar system. Now with the 0.90 BETA Than Ever update, the career mode, science, and mission options really change KSP into a fun space exploration game, rather then just an (excellent) space simulator."
76561198063225755,Recommended,220200,12209917,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Whyte_Snake,"I have sunk about 500 hours into this game outside of steam and its my favorite game of all time. The game is so open ended and you can do whatever you want, well as long as you have the patience. The community is great and you can find any tutorials you want. I would recommend playing the base game for awhile before adding mods but boy howdy once you do its even better. You want to fly a banana? There's a mod for that. Want to add new planets, or maybe some graphical uprgades? Plenty of mods for that. And dont you worry about finding new parts, there are too many to count out there and all of them add new interesting mechanics to gameplay. From exploring the stars and crashing into the Mun to trying to figure out what the hell went wrong in your staging this game can frustrate but the rewarding feeling you get after completeing something outweighs any other game I have ever played.Honestly  10/10"
,Recommended,220200,9779486,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Ben Franklin,BEST GAME EVER!
,Recommended,220200,6421738,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,CustomSkeng420,"Rockets, landers and explosions! Everything necessary to keep a nerd of any caliber entertained for hours, with this game the sky is no longer the limit!With an endless sandbox including a budget big enough to scare NASA, Kerbal Space program is an epic adventure to explore the final frontier..."
76561198038454512,Recommended,220200,10040598,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Deckard Cain,"If you can go up by any amount and not explode, you are an expert. It is also really fun just to see how big a spaceship/crater-creator your pc can handle."
,Recommended,220200,8652457,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Dr.packman5000,it's ok.
,Recommended,220200,8105169,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,shak_T☢ DX,Kerbal Space Program is a very fun game. Although it is single player I have high hopes for SQUAD and I do hope they make co-op.KSP makes you create awesome rockets and then just blow them up at a later date.
,Recommended,220200,6441967,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,REEDZEED,"""How hard can rocket science be anyway?"""
,Recommended,220200,8514075,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,VSR Pigwig456,"This game is definately in development, there are bugs that come with any update, but its a great gamealthough i'd wait till it came on sale becouse its not really worth 17 pounds.if you haven't seen gamplay yet its pre made parts wich you piece together into something that will probably explode on the launch pad but if you get past that, there's and entire solar system with planets, moon and some easter eggs. if you get bored of the stock parts, there's a huge modding community and tonnes more parts to have. it also has a very realistic physics engine that acts like it should... most of the time. 8.5/10"
76561198083759650,Recommended,220200,24508824,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Leo,"Words can't even begin to describe how amazing this game is, ive never been a fan of games that involve space and kerbal space program has completely changed my view on these types of games, not only does it allow you to play in your own way but it lets you create your own spaceships, planes, helicopters and even boats which is why i think this game is like no other, the amount of exploration is amazing and even though the game is difficult it pushes you to keep trying and when you get something right you are left feeling like you really accomplished something. people might not read or even like my review but it doesn't really matter im sure at the end of the day people will make the right choice get this awesome game."
76561198068844115,Recommended,220200,14989856,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Just Jim,"My daughters boyfriend turned me onto the Kerbal Space Program last week.  OMG, I can't remember the last time I was so sucked into a game..... wait, game???   No, this is not just a game, it's way more. I've played plenty of Outer Space games, and most are just 1st or 3rd person shooters of some form.  But not this.  For the first time I can remember, the Kerbal Space Program lets you sink your teeth into real problems with space travel, like gravity and establishing orbits!  It's much harder than one might first think...... which I love!!!This is not a game for people that want to shoot and blow up stuff. This is a game for science and math geeks who like some serious hardcore problem solving.  It's not Rocket Science.... Oh wait.... yes it is!!!"
,Recommended,220200,18050952,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Ejjarufaf,Best game of my life
76561197987790383,Recommended,220200,17307619,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Endeavor,"A thoroughly enjoyable simulation game.  Check out my full video review:https://youtu.be/hE8oTj7q0YMVideo Transcript:Hello viewers!  Welcome to another episode of A Bird's Eye View.  My name is Endeavor, once again your humble host.  Our game this time is the simulator Kerbal Space Program.  Developed and published by Squad, this game came out of Early Access in April of 2015.  Let's take a look at the finished product.As a simulation game, Kerbal Space Program doesn't have a real story to speak of.  The player is tasked with running a NASA like organization made up of accident-prone green people called Kerbals.  Administrator duties include everything from securing funding, designing ships, and even personally piloting space shuttles, all the while trying to keep your astronauts alive long enough to go on more than one mission.The game has a charmingly simple atmosphere, with unobtrusive, upbeat music to keep the mood light.  Most of the engine is dedicated to simulating complex physics, so the art is fairly plain.  The graphical limitations are fine since the ultimate purpose of the game is to tinker around with creative spaceship crafting.Kerbal Space Program includes a few game modes.  The primary way to play is called Career Mode, which unpacks the game slowly, constantly giving the player new challenges to beat in order to unlock more things with which to play.  Sandbox, which used to be the main game, gives the player all of the unlockable ship parts to use right off the bat.  Finally, there’s Science Mode, which includes missions and tasks like Career Mode, but without some of the more managerial duties like worrying about funding.The controls, while not simple, are consistent enough, and they can be rebound for ease-of-use.  There were so many controls and commands to remember that I had to reference the options menu frequently, but the game doesn't punish the player for doing so.There are games with annoyingly overzealous tutorials that constantly remind the player how to do things.  Kerbal Space Program is not one of those.  Quite honestly, while the tutorials are comprehensive, they throw so much technical jargon and complex concepts at the player that the tutorials feel inadequate.  This game doesn't hold your hand, and I'm left with the impression that the player is expected to crash and burn a few times before getting it.One part of the game that sorely needed further explanation was the Career Mode.  The game tells you that you need to launch missions and conduct research to earn Science (a sort of currency for unlocking upgrades), but almost no effort was made explaining how one conducts research.  I learned more about how to play from Wikis and online guides than I did from the game itself.There were only a few bugs which I encountered during my time.  When building, there were a few times where the ship pieces wouldn't attach to the spacecraft how I wanted them to.  Fixing the issue involved saving my work and reloading, which wasn't a big deal, but it happened often enough to warrant a mention here.  A few times I had a problem where ship pieces that were meant to separate during flight wouldn't cooperate, dooming my ship and mission to an explosive end.Despite any issues I had with the game, I think it was masterfully put together.  Nothing beats the feeling of finally getting your ship out of the atmosphere for the first time, and the accomplishments don't stop there.  Once you've broken the speed and altitude records, it's time to orbit the planet Kerbal.  And then try landing a ship on the moon.  Learning to manage limited fuel supplies and using gravitational pull to slingshot around planets and moons is fascinatingly complex, yet the satisfaction in learning all of the ins and outs of space travel make it a worthwhile endeavor.The game's retail price is $39.99.  With all of the features and science-based entertainment, I recommend Kerbal Space Program for anyone that loves building and discovery.  It's currently available on Steam and Good Old Games for Windows, Mac, and Linux.  It is also available for PS4.That concludes my review for Kerbal Space Program.  Thank you for watching, and don't forget to hit the “like” button if you enjoyed my video.  As always, you can follow us on Twitter at Rookery Gamers for let's plays and additional reviews."
,Recommended,220200,8603170,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,torgon1,super awesome simulation game full of physics and planets with moons. you can be an kerbalnaut and make rockets and plans to get around to other planets and stuff. you can also build airplanes to fly around on kerbin. and best of all... EVERYTHING :D
,Recommended,220200,4307795,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Brigador Lemur (SWE),"Have you ever wanted to build your very own space rocket and send it to the moon, Mars or any other planet?Well look no further as Kerbal Space Program lets you do just that.You can create your very own rockets and even create space stations that can serve as refueling platforms for any future rockets you launch into space.And there are already tons of mods for this game that add even more to what is already a great experience."
76561197974967868,Recommended,220200,8020512,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Minor Mayhem,"KSP is without doubt the most fun I have ever had failing, and failing over and over again, because when you finally get that first craft into orbit it is the most amazing feeling of accomplishment I have ever experienced from a game. If you have ANY interest at all in space exploration, rocket science, orbital mechanics, little green men, or BLOODY BIG EXPLOSIONS, then THIS is the game for you.Though it is as yet incomplete, each and every update has brought something new to re-invigorate the game. The modding community and community in general surrounding this game is just fantastic, with so much going on all the time that you will always have something to do. And now that the career mode is in the game, each update makes things more interesting and makes setting and acheiving goals that much more satisfying.Once again, if space flight and planetary exploration interest you, this is your game. If managing a complex space program is your idea of fun I am sure this will soon be your game, though with mods it can be your game right now. The way Squad is supporting modding and making updates means that this game can be just about anything you want from a game if your interested in Space simulations and fun.And of course you can't beat the explosions when it all goes just that little bit wrong :D"
,Recommended,220200,9363111,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Saixh,"This is easily one of the best indie games you can get your filthy moondust covered hands on.Although the learning curve in the beginning is pretty steep for someone who isn't aware of basic orbital physics or is on par with the navball or rocket construction, it's nothing a couple of videos from Scott Manley (or Robbaz if you intend to just make space a circus) can't fix. If you however know what you are doing and/or have been following someone who knows what they're doing you should have no problem at all getting into this game.It features many planets, their moons and in the future even an asteroid belt you'll be able to interact with all from the comfort of your own room/NASA mission control centre.You can build everything from rockets, space planes, landers, probes and god knows what.The game also features modding support and mods for the game can be found on the KSP site. Mods can add everything from boat parts, weapons, tools for making robots and mechs, new parts to add to the already pretty big library of parts and even customized planets.The game is however somewhat unstable and building large stations etc can often cause horrible lag on all but the beefiest computers, it is however only a problem when you build VERY large stuff and once the game is finished the optimization will no doubt be better than it currently is.I truly recommend this game to any and all of you! There is something for pretty much everyone in this game, if there isn't then mods have probably added it.If your PC can run this game, I see no reason for you not buying it. Trust me the game is worth every penny but if it's on a sale you pretty much have to buy it. Your life is not complete without this game. Get it now. Seriously."
,Recommended,220200,10837712,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gregg,one word amazing. actually two words amazing amazing.
,Recommended,220200,10703259,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,l337sponge,"I believe Jebediah is muttering something along the lines of ""Buy this game, and learn some orbital mechanics scrubs."""
,Recommended,220200,15427004,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Superhobo13,Crash into the mun 10 timesfinnaly hit itlandplace flagforgot on how to get home
,Recommended,220200,10048543,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,aGyL,"What can I say about Kerbal Space Program.This game is a must have if you like creating things, experimenting with things, doing funny things with funny looking creatures, or just want to learn, this game is a must have.In this game, a player can either choose Sandbox mode (most like creative mode in Minecraft) where all the parts are unlocked and available, or Career mode where the player has to create rockets that can collect Science! to get more parts to get more Science!.If you know what you are doing, great. This game is fun if you do. If not, this game is even more fun, as you have no idea what an apoapsis or periapsis is and how to calculate delta-v, which usually turns into a mission that requires a lot of manuvering, which teaches the player later on. Don't give up if you cannot accomplish what you are trying to do. Try again! This game will waste the time away with incredible fun.Overall score: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,220200,11270623,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,☭MysteriousPinkFluff,i went to space
76561198092334064,Recommended,220200,12438055,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Datmohawk,I cant believe I waited so long for this game... I have not laughed so much... the learning curve is a bit steep but I truely love this game.
76561198034675361,Recommended,220200,16858629,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,IzzyGood,If any of the following things are interesting to you:list]SpaceMaking ThingsPhysicsRocketsPlanesFlyingChallengesEnjoying YourselfYou will enjoy this game.
,Recommended,220200,14558490,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Delorux,"I would like to take a moment, as the head of DELORUX SPACE TRAVEL AND ENGINEERING to remember all the young, couragious Kerbals whom willingly gave their lives to improve space travel in the company. 10,000 Kerbals died as a result of a faulty station alone. So Kerbals, We thank you.Would be responsible for a mass Genocide again10/10"
76561198097954729,Recommended,220200,10049133,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,MaxAttack64,"Decided to launch space station into orbitstation is small, plan to add on laterI get caught up in other thingsgoing to the mun, going to duna, making largest flying dong ever, blowing up the space centeryou know, perfectly sane things in the world of KSP30hourslater.txtmun landing f*** up #7523 kerbals stranded on the munwhatever.batdecide what to do nextremember space stationdecide to dock with itwatch a scott manley video of it(if you play KSP you know who he is)doesn't seem too hardI am mistakenafter 30 minutes of dicking around trying to get within 600 ft of it,timetodock.rarslowly move towards itgo sailing past itturn around, engage thrustersgo flying past it again, smash off a solar panel in the processthis continues for 20 minutes or soalright, 28th time's the charmhold shift, nothing happensoutoffuel.exef*** itscrew the space station, it was crappy anywaytime for disposalswitch to controlling the station3rd stage engine still attacheda little fuel left, but it's all I needorient station so engine is facing the direction I am orbitingFULL THRUSTengine burns for 10 seconds, pushing it out of orbitwhen fuel is expended, i check if it was enoughsure enough, station is going slow enough that it will now hit the atmosphere50km above the surface and dropping fastred glow builds around spacecraft, the glow brightens to whitestation is engulfed in flames as it hurtles through the stratospheresolar panels break away, along with a habitation modulestation mostly survives reentry, is dropping like a brickTERMINALVELOCITY.jpegsanic would be proudalthough the terrain is featureless, station is dropping where a rainforest would behahahaha f*** you tigersstations slams into ground, is instantly destroyed420/69 would destroy hard work in a fit of rage again"
76561198008017925,Recommended,220200,11775516,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,TouchMyElbow,"Build a rocket, fly to the mun, or aim for the sun. Whatever you do, enjoy sending your fellow astronauts to other planets and preventing them from seeing their families again. 11/10"
76561198062429948,Recommended,220200,18922884,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,treefrogskis,"If You like crashing millions of dollars worth of rockets or planes, in this game you can!If you like actually playing the game properly and landing on planets and stuff, you can!If you like doing these things, you'll like Kerbal Space Program!If you don't like doing these things, Go away!"
76561198083962964,Recommended,220200,11242801,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Schmoobledeedoo,"I've played 400+ hours of this game just dicking around in atmosphere and on the moons, imagine how many more I'll play when I make it interplanetary. 10/10 would mercilessly slaughter little green men again"
,Recommended,220200,707967,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,Jon Rando,"Do you like science?  Like armchair aeronautics?  Like watching rockets fail catastrophically in an effort to reach orbit?  Buy this game.In the game, you get to assemble rockets/space planes from a decent list of parts and then launch/pilot them and see how they perform.  Aeronautic forces are actually at work on your designs and you have to consider center of lift/gravity and things like weight and thrust.  There are moons/other planets to explore in a sandbox environment.If you like building things and tinkering around with them, you'll love this game."
76561198023346052,Recommended,220200,20172177,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Berkzerker,"I have in my entire 30+ years on this Earth never learned as much about our world and all that is beyond in such as short time as I have with Kerbal. If I could go back and be an astronaught I would be.I had never heard of Hofman transfers before; or anything else for that matter; and now I can understand all that.If there is a game I would recommand to my plethora of niblings this is the one. No other will teach them the science, the fun, the math, and the wonderment achieved at exploring this universe of ours!"
,Recommended,220200,12123352,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Judd Forest,Crashed into the Sun now I'm dead 10/10 would launh again
,Recommended,220200,23766207,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,BORIS,"Such a good game, I can run it on a terrible laptop (on lowest graphics) but I've had endless fun just making stupid designs for ships and watching them go up in flames, but you can always properly try, like go to Mun or Minmus (the Moons) or even to other planets. I can't put into words how funny it can be to be flying up through the atmosphere and suddenly have a part explode that sets off all sorts, and if you've read this far then JUST GET THE GAME!!"
76561198165265573,Recommended,220200,28700579,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WAM6780,"Kerbal Space Program is one of the best games ever made (If you don't mind playing it alone.) I've but more than 1200 hours into it, and I can say it has captures my imagination more than anything has since I started playing Minecraft back in high school. This game is educational, imaginative, addictive, optimized, and never ever leaves you with nothing to do. Space flight is immersive, realistic, and exciting. No other game has ever given a player the experience of building a rocket, launching it, and flying it to the moon and back with absolutely no loading screen. Literally billions of meters, no loading screen. If you have even a vague interest in space flight, engineering, or exploration, KSP is for you. And on top of the fantastic vanilla game, there is an active and thriving modding community that elevated the game to new heights. Like Minecraft, if you can think of it, there is a mod of it. Want to build a scale Saturn V and head to the full-scale moon. There's a mod for that. Want to create a colony, completely from your own design, there a mod for that. Want to shoot rockets at enemy mechs on mars? There is a mod for that. Best game ever. Best mods ever. 10/10. KSP for president."
,Recommended,220200,20769988,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,⥃ Dingus ⥂,I absolutely love this game !
76561198105397723,Recommended,220200,29861100,Posted: 11 February,all,That1Guy,"Very fun game with a lot of math and science behind it, I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,220200,849235,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,Xx3FFusionxX,Probably one of the best simulation games that i have ever played! Prepare to strap yourself in for endless hours of space exploration and ship building!
,Recommended,220200,9149059,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Coal,"Kerbal Space Program is probably my favorate game, it is a wonderful space-sandbox game that you can spend hours apon hours playing. I would highly recomend KSP to anyone that loves sandbox games or space themed games. There is really no way to get bored of the game, there is an infinite amount of fun to me had and it dosen't matter whether you are playing career mode where you start with minimal parts and work your way up to the top, or just messing around in sandbox mode building what ever you desire. You really arn't limited to just rockets, there is also a building where you can make space planes! (basically just jet powered planes but you can strap some rockets and you are good to go.) Use your amagination and do whatever, make some planes and drop some *bombs* on the kerbals buildings or build a rocket and go to the moon, or maybe even other planets!"
76561198323991817,Recommended,220200,28627847,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,publicpotato,absolutely love the game.very challenging and can keep me busy for hours .highly reccomend it.
,Recommended,220200,8008909,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Shàdòw,"Omg this game is in Alpha? There is already so many planets to go to, and the rocketship building is awesome. Physics does take part in this game, with real situations like weight, how your plane can hold all the stuff you have, and only being able to use liquid fuel in space. What are you waiting for, go BUY THIS GAME NOW!"
76561198027691730,Recommended,220200,9196547,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,madsjansen,"This game is the best and most educating game I've ever played. I've been addicted to this game trying to perfect my rockets and Single stage to orbit for over 700 hours, at th current time. it is the best feeling when you've worked on a rocket for so many hours and it finally does what it was made to do. I love this game. This game has changed my life, and i love the idea that a game can be fun addicting AND educating and this game is the best at that.A Kerbinaut."
76561198070704403,Recommended,220200,12091230,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,travisk,Its the best space simulation i have ever played
,Recommended,220200,23880797,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MrFunnything,A Game no matter how much you hate it you still come back
,Recommended,220200,1229499,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,Fodder,Build spacecraft. Crash spacecraft. Improve spacecraft design. Get spacecraft into heliocentric orbit with no fuel left. Rinse and repeat.THIS IS GROUND CONTROL TO MAJOR TOM!Rating: WE HAVE LIFTOFF/10
76561198392064911,Recommended,220200,32637656,Posted: 22 June,all,Poplol125,"A fun and addictive game, when you use your creativity to build your own spaceship. You can play two modes sandbox, and career. in sandbox you just derp around buildeing ridiculously big spaceships. In career you strive to get as long you can inte the space, and hiring new pilots and engineers. I would recommend this game to people who have patience, creativity, and, interested in space."
,Recommended,220200,29984050,Posted: 17 February,all,Yocko,SPAAAAACE !
,Recommended,220200,9657084,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,RigWog,"This game is incredible, a very good physics engine and there is always something new to do especially with the new NASA mission pack!!. Great Graphics 10/10 Brilliant sounds 9/10 Physics 8/10Overall it is one of the best games i have ever played."
,Recommended,220200,32267674,Posted: 8 June,all,Jax5896,One of the best games ever created. Recommend to everyone.
76561198009035232,Recommended,220200,32454328,Posted: 15 June,all,Mafic,Manage a space agency and shoot things in to space! weeee!
76561198024480737,Recommended,220200,29213450,Posted: 12 January,all,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻,"10/10 crash simulator.Seriously though, this game is fantastic if you don't mind the steep learning curve, kerbals who can survive high falls, learning about space and failing...A lot of failing. “I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.” Who doesn't love failing? What was I doing? Oh yeah, my ship just crashed and burned, back to the VAB. Flight's going well? Alt-tab and come back 5s later, well look who's on their way down to the cold hard ground. But really, failing is just a part of the game, and you get to learn what works and what doesn't. It gets much better once you understand the concepts required to handle and build the vehicles as well as space exploration in general. Then you go on building things that just works and it really gives a sense of achievement; you did it, you. You got Bob up in space. Great job, now he's stranded...because all you wanted was to get to space and you forgot to include the return trip.The game supports mods to enhance the experience, features several modes depending on what you want to do. Play sandbox if you want to build ridiculous rockets with enough funds to run an entire nation just to have it crash into mission control 5 seconds later as you laugh manically. Science for those who do not want to manage funds but still go through the science develoment and career for the management of all aspects of building your own space program.Also remember that F5 is your best friend. It's the only one who can come clutch for you when all else seem to fall apart."
,Recommended,220200,11482432,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,RakNoel,"NASA simulator 2013You're stuck on a earth like planet without trees or life at all calledKerbin. The only people left is a group of small green men who call themselvesKerbals. Nobody know how they got here, or how long they've been here.(Kraken!). It's no wonder that their biggest goal in life is to reach distant planets in search forwhateverthat they wish to find.Your task, is to help these poor, *ehm* brave! Soldiers into the battle of the unknown sandbox, un?-limited, blackness above them. ALL IN THE NAME OF SCIENCE!Trust me! IT'S AWSOME!You can basically do whatever space stuff you want.Wanna go to the Mün? Then do!Wanna build a space station? Then do!Wanna fly a plane? Then do!What about SSTO? Feel free!Kill Kerbals? Yeees...? *ehm* sadist!Drive a rover? Yes! Please!Build a huge rocket? YES! We all do!Go EVA? Sure thing, just don't get lost ;3What I writeWhat is itMünKerbins inner MoonSSTOSingle stage to orbitEVAExtravehicular activity (AKA: Spacewalk)"
,Recommended,220200,13583027,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sp33d+R4c3r,10/10 GOTY.I'd say top ten games of all time.
76561198064077240,Recommended,220200,23374932,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Tourniquet,"This game is a must-have for every space enthusiast out there. Worth every €, even if the price was much higher.10+/10"
,Recommended,220200,11337323,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,1000 AED,Thi game is an amazing sandbox game when the full game comes out i am sure metascore will rate this game higher than 90 because of its amazing physics graphics and free decision
76561198089543452,Recommended,220200,8623325,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,TheLegend27,"This is one awesome game. It is really worth the cost, and if you are into building and engineering, you wont regret it. There is no one objective, its all up to your imagination and creativity."
76561198022049782,Recommended,220200,13353635,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,drock011,"I think this game should be used in classrooms to teach kids about orbital mechanics. Playing this game has given me a much better intuitive sense of how spacecraft maneuver, and of the difficulty in executing something as ""simple"" as a soft landing on an airless body. Truly an amazing simulator--well worth the price."
,Recommended,220200,12279169,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Uram,"One small step for a Kerbal, one giant leap for sandbox games. There isn't anything like it."
,Recommended,220200,12390975,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,[CHLN] luci4ngel ⛨,"Fun simulator, great graphics, greater physics, big explosions!What more could you want from a game?Nothin'.9.5kerbals/10"
76561198267854926,Recommended,220200,22929129,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Smitty_Werbenjagermanjensen,Flies to mun. had too many mods installed. game crashes midway. No revert flight. doesn't have enough fuel to get Jeb home. Jeb is stranded. worries about jeb's family. sends rescue mission. game crashes. rescue mission gets stuck. uninstalls mods that caused the crashes. Sends at least 20 more missions to retrieve jeb. all fail. Mission 21/20 jeb was retrieved. Craft makes it to kerbin. Kerbin periapsis of 25000m. excited that jeb is coming home. Realizes there was no stack seperator between the capsule's heat shield and the lander. Craft explodes in atmosphere.11/10 would strand Jeb again.
76561198016663837,Recommended,220200,10540725,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MyFixofTrailmix,Great game. Fantastic for the beginner or expert in flight dynamics.
76561198057910591,Recommended,220200,7327958,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Sosa,Any Bolsheviks who want to be a cosmonaut play this game! Very Fun!
,Recommended,220200,9097087,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The Quantum Archangel ♜,It's good.Nuff Said
76561198032858683,Recommended,220200,8970165,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,P U G P A R T Y,"I'm a huge fan of sandbox games and KSP is no exception.Gameplay: It's like this, you get a bunch of Kerbals and you put them sad ♥♥♥♥ers into whatever unholy behemoth of a rocket you've slammed together in a quilt of random fuel tanks, jets, and scientific equipment then you launch them in your aberration into space. Gods of Kerbal willing, they'll make it to orbit around Kerbal instead of feebly falling back to the planet for the hundredth time. (And probably exploding on impact!)I'm no rocket scientist and boy does playing this game prove it. Sure is fun to try at it."
,Recommended,220200,9144134,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Scubacide,"it very good, i buy"
76561198010647056,Recommended,220200,32698042,Posted: 23 June,all,TiktaalikDreaming,"Not the easiest game ever.  And that's great.  Yeah, it's a great feeling of accomplishment the first time you safely land on the Mun, or manage an orbit.  But most of the fun is getting almost to orbit, staging, and exploding because you messed up and the second stage engines fired before separating from the first stage.  Or.. whatever it is.  Finding all those failure mechanisms has no excuse to be that much fun.Also, mods.  Lots and lots of mods."
,Recommended,220200,10751600,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheRealCelticBatman,Launched rocketRocket explodedKerbal kept going for hundreds of meters smilingBob Kerman RIP16/10
,Recommended,220200,24843108,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Fiji,This is a game that makes me have fun despite my designs failing 90% of the time.
,Recommended,220200,26846990,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MaxoHbkiu,Remember the time when you were young and everything was possible? Have you tried to build planes and rockets out of simple things you had on your hands? Have your imagination took you to orbit?If you answered yes then you should definitely try this one!I've been playing it since version 0.18 (at least this is the one that burned into my mind) - yes it was very early access and it was awesome even back then!Own a space program. Make it prosper by completing contracts and reach ever higher altitudes. Build your bases on another planets. Assemble your orbital stations. Create communication network to cover the entire Kerbol system :DSet your own goals and achieve them. How far can imagination take you?
,Recommended,220200,11158279,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Buldinn 🐏 (That Sheep),"One of the best sandbox games out there with a campaign mode.Build the craziest or most effiecent rocket of your dreams, can be as simple as point and click or as in-depth as calulating mass vs fuel expenditure.... Truely for any type of intellect ranging from Rocket Surgeon to Simple Joe.IF SOMEHOW you run out of things to do, there is a MASSIVE mod database that can completely change the game...After 100 hours I finally have set up a self-sufficent base on a remote planet capable of launching and building rockets... though you could get just as far as I have in 5 hours if you are skilled enough.9/10 Amazing game... The only thing I will gripe about is the soundtrack is a little lacking... Regardless, it's a fantastic game.Buy it now."
76561198076124663,Recommended,220200,32023421,Posted: 28 May,all,Shufflecoat,"Such a good game, great game mechanics, as well as excellent applied physics when it comes do realism and appearance. Honestly, one of the best games I've ever bought!10/10Would put a Jebediah Kerman on the Sun again."
,Recommended,220200,26033332,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Gorgeous Freeman,"Let them have their ticker tape parades, their 'space races,' and their commemorative packets of dehydrated ice cream. While Von Braun takes credit for his Redstone bottle rockets, I am finalizing plans for an inter-planetary fleet that could plant a Kerbal flag on every rock and pebble in this solar system by the end of the next decade. I will be watching the sunrise from atop the Olympus Mons long before NASA takes their first steps on the moon."
,Recommended,220200,13115371,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Cody48er,"I have over 150 hours in this game.One hundred and fifty hours of...Building rockets, exploding rockets, trying to get to space, being flung out of the universe at over 400KM/s, orbiting planets. Building rovers, crashing rovers, stealing Asteroids and bringing them back to Kerbin and then flying to them WITH A SPACE PLANE.All those hours playing with little green men, having a blast solving the challenge of Space Travel.  Building sensible rockets that obey physics and get to space on-the-cheap (Can YOU get to Orbit on 30,000 Kerbal bucks?)...And then saying **** it all and spending 3 Million on the most absurd contraption, and sending it into a crash course with the moon.For ever bit of amazing (albeit scaled-down) realism and sensible design, crafting, progression and potentially educational (And I mean that earnestly--I have learned a LOT about space, orbits, and interplanetary travel from this game)---It always carries the flip side of just slapping hundreds of rockets together until it's so big it breaks the launch pad and time itself.Buy it. Learn something.  Blow something up, and then repeat from Step 2."
,Recommended,220200,24013194,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Stu-Pot,"Can be quite difficult, it depends which gamemode you choose and if you have the patience to read a lot of tutorial text. If you do have the patience, then you'll learn a lot about astronomy and you'll learn how to pilot your aircraft/rocket. I recommend this because it's at a very fair price. It's all up to you when it comes to how much time you put in it. I think you'll have more fun the more time you put into the game. You have to take it nice and slow though, as I said patience is a big part of this game."
,Recommended,220200,11324635,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,budgeo,"Awesome concept, and the game keeps improving.  What's not to love, a space race sandbox game."
,Recommended,220200,6346936,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Industrial Gamers!,This game is really worth checking out. From designing rockets that take you to the mun and back and yes it is called the mun lol. Or from building a jet that can take you around the world. It's your world do what you want with it!Just a little extra clip to go with it.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkDOOsGg-9I&list=FL-t_ldrQZuHfcLssOVVfPig&index=47
76561198059412798,Recommended,220200,8024188,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Rybosome,"love it, you gotta get it..."
76561197966553678,Recommended,220200,24562294,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,☠Professor_Doom,make a pizza make a rocket whats the difference ehh?
76561198128316388,Recommended,220200,29957087,Posted: 15 February,all,EvilToaster182,"Amazing physics, consistent update. Still can't into space... just like PolandBall"
76561198081166303,Recommended,220200,9406062,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,rottielover,"What's not to love...   Seriously, if your on the fence about this one, buy it, you wont' be sorry, even if you don't like the stock game, there are hundreds of mods that let you setup your space program to do just about anything you want.I'm totally addicted to this game and currently have 936 hours in it (yea you see that right, over 900 hours).  It's that worth it."
,Recommended,220200,18431276,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Peacemaker,"I love this game! There are so many possibilities in it that I have spent over 280 hours playing it, and i still have so many ideas. You just cant stop playing it! Especially with the new ""Beta than ever"" update, things started to get more interesting. Its so wonderful seeing the changes in this game, now that I have been playing it since it came out on steam. I hope that the development continues like this, especially with the updates and new additions to the game..."
,Recommended,220200,9368137,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Shafable,"This is more than a game.  Remember how Star Trek is responsible for inspiring a generation of NASA employees?  This game has the potential to be this generation's Star Trek.It presents orbital mechanics in an incredibly fun environment and encourages you to explore and discover how to reach outer space!  If you are remotely interested in space or spaceflight, stop reading NOW and buy this.PS. You will need help learning how to play, look up Scott Manley on youtube and watch his series on how to play career mode:Click here for the youtube playlist"
76561198132901267,Recommended,220200,28884619,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,☭Stalin☭,Difficult at first but then becomes very fun. Overall great game.
,Recommended,220200,25195805,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,00,This game should be taken as a standard for early access games. The developers came in with a plan and didn't stop until they succeeded.
,Recommended,220200,22531435,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Alexej,Great game!! After the 1.1 update performance greatly increased!!! Congrats Squad Team!!!! I love this game... Now excuse me... I've to go to Mun cause Jebediah has a problem....... :D
,Recommended,220200,13596977,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dr. Heaven,I played this game more than 200 hours and i must say it doesnt get boring . There are lot of planets to explore and land on. After a time the stack KSP is getting old there is a sight called Curse so you can install all sorts of mods . Put also if you are a KSP pro like Scott Manly its still pretty hard in some areas of the game .Still for me i would give this game a 10/10 . Must buy .At start hard to understand but then a peace of cake . sory kuz grammarModshttp://www.curse.com/ksp-mods/kerbal
76561198110362723,Recommended,220200,13992868,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Captain Whiskers,"This game is truly amazing. As a kid, I've always dreamed of becoming a pilot, of a spaceplane or airplane, and this game lets me play with the realistic aerodynamics/physics of air/space travel, and it does it right.....oh, and it's still in beta! Except for minor glitches here and there, this game is perfect and VERY well made. It lets you build any rocket/spaceplane/airplane you want and fly it to distant planets/celestial bodies, land and return, all to complete missions to get more science, which you can use to unlock upgrades for your vehicles.Right now, I've made the sexiest spaceplane you can imagine, which can get into orbit around Kerbin (home planet), transmit data and return back to base, in perfect shape. Kinda like an upgrade of the Space Shuttle (since it doesn't need external boosters to get into orbit).See, this game is extremely realistic, so you get to learn a lot about the exact orbital mechanics NASA workers are required to know. I used to think getting into space was just firing a rocket straight up, but realistically, you need to have a high surface velocity so you can get into orbit, otherwise, you're wasting a ton of fuel on either flying far away from home or falling back to the earth due to gravity. There isn't zero gravity once you leave the atmosphere, that's only because there's just as much gravity the other way, due to your orbit in which you're constantly falling, but have a high enough velocity to generate an equal G-force the in the opposite direction. And if you want to go to the Mun (moon), you'll need to use your orbit to slingshot yourself to the place where you and the Mun moon will be at the same time, since you must take into account that the Mun also moves in an orbit.I swear, you'll learn a TON about orbital physics, as well as you'll have a lot of fun building your spaceship however you want. And if it crashes to the ground, you must think about which part was misplaced to cause the crash, getting you in this trial and error loop until you FINALLY fix up the whole thing perfectly. Then you can think of its purpose-transport vessel, science lab, satellite launcher or a long distance traveler to a distant celestial body etc. etc. There's so much science to do, so many new ideas to think of and so much to learn from this game. Get the game and prepare to ignore every other game you have in your library because this game is out of this world! (literally)"
,Recommended,220200,10486673,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,thepuppet33r,"This game is tons of fun. Even if you're not trying to make it to the Mun, or to any of the other planets, designing and building spaceships is always enjoyable, and just trying to rescue your little Kerbalnauts give you a fun afternoon."
,Recommended,220200,7746231,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Colditz Colligula,"Mun or bust!  Put those solid fuel boosters on that capsule and send mastermind Jebediah Kerman on a trip to.. whatever it is you hit in space!In Kerbal Space Program you're put in charge of a Space Center run by Kerbals, the inhabitants of Kerbin, a race so eager to explore space they'd put rockets on everything.Your job is to build Rockets, Rovers, Space-Planes.. yes, even Space Stations and launch them into Space to explore/ fly-around-in and land (or crash) into and onto Moons, Planets and even Asteroids and build your scientific base there.There's really only one downside, and that's an incredibly steep learning curve. Thanks to an incredible amount of Video and Written Tutorials on the Web, especially Youtube, you're get a hang of it in due time. The game also comes with a few basic tutorials on how to build a ship and maneuvering it in space.It takes a bit of scientific knowledge to understand how moving in space works. Kerbal Space Program (KSP) often refers to scientific terms for things and is proud of itself as being a very realistic presentation of how Space works.If you can get past your early crashes and misbuilt ships, what lies ahead of you is a journey to the stars with your own crew of Kerbals, in your very own Ship towards a Planet you're going to put your flag on.The Game offers a Campaign and a Sandbox mode. In Sandbox you can pretty much do whatever the heck you want. Build a Ship out of infinite materials and try launching it into space, or better, try landing it somewhere. In the Carreer Mode of the Game you need to start with baby steps. Perform some easy things like orbiting, collecting Scientific Data along the way and hiring new Astronauts to help you in your quest for the Stars and gaining new Materials. Slowly explore Space and the many things it has to offer.With lots of user created mods and community created overhauls for Sounds and Textures and a generally booming Modding Community that is also being appreciated and even incorporated into the Games releases you'll never run out of new Materials for building your dream-ship.Now go and conquer those Stars.4.5/5"
76561198050249314,Recommended,220200,10343623,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Senpai  (◕‿◕✿),"I love this game. It is a great game if you just want to make rockets, fly them around or even create a fireworks display (even if that wasn't your intention). The game however becomes even more when you start analysing and calculating your forces; your thrust, fuel limits, paylods... etc in order to make the smallest/biggest/faster rocket possible to either send to a planet like Mun or Eve or just to see how fast you can hit your satelite (that you spent 5 hours on getting all the parts in orbit -_-)Overall an amazing game i would recommend to anyone"
76561198115574765,Recommended,220200,8403968,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Evolved Undead,A fun simulation game where you can send your astronauts where no Kerbal has gone before. You can build rockets and planes to travel the solar system. The physics and realistic orbit controls really help the game feel alive.
,Recommended,220200,10377664,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,[JMDR] meneer Aart,"This is TRULY the BEST GAME I've seen in YEARS! Still under development, but already very nice!"
,Recommended,220200,8884185,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,ltmarks,"This is worth the money two times over.The best part about it is the community, you can download countless modifications.If you don't want to use mods, than vanilla is extremely fun as well, you manage your own space program,Soon even the tinest thing matters, if its money, or even reputation!This is a fantastic game, You get fear when a mission goes wrong, and you immedietally try to stop and do whatever you can to ensure the safety of your kerbals! You feel accomplished when you take those first steps on the moon, and you see your kerbals smile on re-entry, knowing that they are heroes to all of kerbal-kind. You feel a sense of continuaty when your space ship doesn't go as planned, and you rush to find what the problem is.You start to get addicted, and before you know it, you're writing a 10/10 review on this piece of art.This, my friends, is a piece of what gaming always wanted to be. A fantasy world, truely in your mind, where you can dream up what you want, when you want, and how you want it. Think Minecraft in space, where you have to make the complex calculations to get to Duna, the kerbin equvilant of Mars.Now, the thing is, all of this is about x8 easier than what it is in real life.Once you figure out physics and the complex mojo that really makes NASA's scientists, well, NASA's scientists, you start speaking it aswell, you start reading on and on with the changelogs, and before you know it, It's halloween and you're dressing up as a Kerbal.This is what I see in this game, a fantastic piece of gaming history that should be carefully monitered, and is one of those games you might find bad, then you play the game. This is the game you want to throw $ at so that it lives."
,Recommended,220200,10932382,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Roboticus,"Woooooooo -Dammit- Yeessss! Dammit. I am almost in orbit above - Dammit.This game will test your mind, break you heart, and make you feel like a complete idiot...  And you'll love every second."
,Recommended,220200,11614509,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Italian Pimp,Launched a ship to Venus and ended up crashed on the Moon.11/10
,Recommended,220200,7901160,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,{BIO} Erola,this game is far to fun to even put into words.
,Recommended,220200,11355544,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Super Sandy Vegetable,"Build phallic-shaped spaceships and send little green men to their deaths while learning about aerodynamics, orbital mechanics, and physics."
,Recommended,220200,11649225,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"Just the fact you can make a♥♥♥♥♥♥flag and stick it on the moon is more than enough reason to buy this amazing game!How to play:1) Go to youtube2) Watch Scott Manley3) Do what he does4) Make a♥♥♥♥♥♥flag5) Plant said flag on the mun6) Repeat process with different planet untill you have♥♥♥♥♥♥flags on everything possibleMy only slight grind is the effort required to learn, but in the same breath it gives you a feel of awsomeness when you get♥♥♥♥♥♥to work.(TLDR Version below)Good:♥♥♥♥♥♥FlagsBad & Good(in a way): Learning Curve"
,Recommended,220200,11059471,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,LIVE - Twitch.tv/VAClol,"If you're thinking about buying this game if you have not purchased it yet... Let me give you a few reasons why it is worth getting.Positive• Extremely fun• Gather more information about aircrafts/rockets• Watching the faces at the bottom right = gg wp• Freebuilding any aircraft/rocket to go any planet or maybe just to freeroam in space• Mods• Not many bugsNegative• Can be difficult to learn• Can be very time consuming• Does take a while to get science points which is used to unlock parts for rockets/aircraftsOverall ReasonOkay so there isn't so much to add to the lists above but what I can say is that this game is absolutely beautiful to play. It feels amazing when you first ever orbit the kerbal earth or when you first ever land on the moon using the rocket/aircraft you have created. You can also be very creative with everything you make, who knows? you could make a flying UFO or maybe a really tiny rocket which could possible reach the 'mun'.WORTH THE BUY :)"
,Recommended,220200,10105013,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Velour Connoisseur,"Great simulation. Takes a bit to get the mechanics down but once you get into your first orbit or first fly-by of the ""Mun"", the feeling is very satisfying. Looking forward to exploring distant planets and hopefully landing successfully and getting back home in the near future. I definitely recommend this game to anyone interested in legitimate space exploration."
,Recommended,220200,7705984,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,- BearWoolley -,Great time killer when you have no internet.
,Recommended,220200,8443343,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ShortStuf7,"Incredibly rewarding. Insanely addicting. I can't imagine how great this game will be at full release. This game is absolutely fantastic. It's like Garry's Mod, but with more space, more science and more awesome. If you liked Gmod, you'll love this."
76561197970440937,Recommended,220200,8053453,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Eldritch Crank,"Kerbal Space Program is one of my ""Games of the Generation"" for whatever that may be worth (the other one is a certain game with Souls that are Dark...you know.)I will skip what KSP is, to make it short, a Space Program Simulator. You build Spacecraft like Rockets, Landers and Rovers and try to get them to other celestial bodies in the simulation...or you can mess around with your creations and create huge deadly fireworks, that works too ;)What makes KSP so special to me is the sense of achievement it conveys when you finally get something right. Let me make this clear right away, KSP is not a simple or easy game. Your first hours will consist of hillarious failiure (if you don´t consult any guides).But once you get your first stable orbit, it feels like you really achieved something, which you did, getting a functional spacecraft in orbit is NOT easy for a beginner. And it only gets more complex AND awesome from there. In Sandbox-Mode, you have no goals beside the ones you set for yourself. Want to go to the furthes planet and set up a network of probes there? You can do it...if you can do it ;)KSP consists of two main modes while you play: Building your vessels and then launching and controlling them. The cool thing is, KSP is not only fun, it also teaches you some things about Astrophysics, even if the physics here are simplified.Bottom Line:If you like thinkey, slowpaced games that let you build and lead your creations to success, if you AT ALL like Space and the wonderful endeavour that is traveling to other celestial bodies, careful maneauvering and putting your very own flag down on the moon (you can totally do that btw), you HAVE to play Kerbal Space Program, one of the most ambitious, brave and rewarding games about space you will ever play.One final word about Early Access: KSP is in development, yes, but it already offers SO much content and possibilites, let alone Mods for just about anything, that I can see no reason not to jump on the KSP-train right now. The sooner you get it, the sooner you will feel that satisfaction when the blue sky fades, the stars shining brightly above your small vessel while the sound of your rocket slowly gets quieter, only to be replaced by the serene soundtrack and a feeling of awe when you´re confronted with space....you can probably tell how much I like this game ;)"
,Recommended,220200,8277242,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,(SVK)TheProzac,"Your chance to become a rocket scientologist, kerbonaut, pilot and explorer. Despite the game being under developement it is a brilliant piece, real fun to play. With addons it is even better. If you like either a challange or want a casual flight you can have both.Ad: The game has undergone a lot of improvements and it is a bit more complex now.I quite praise the new level with money and contracts altough good old sandbox and science only options are still avialable.It definately is one of the best games I have played in the past decade, complicated if you don´t know what to do but you can learn by trial and error, or from Scott Manley channel on youtube, but since the game also runs in windowed mode it is easy to get on time information how to make a gravity turn, hohmann transfer, plane change, gravity slingshot etc."
,Recommended,220200,10560790,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Чертов Нишики,"The greatest space sandbox ever! If u wanna land your absolutely  crazy space ship on the mun or wherever you want, then it's your choice!"
76561198015132325,Recommended,220200,10039702,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,[G] Mark Abrams,"Bloody great game!at the beginning it seems inceredible hard to to even do something as simple as bringing a capsule into orbit or performing the docking of two vessels (Youtube helps).once u understand the simple orbital mechanics it starts getting really cool.u ever wanted to have ur own MÜNBASE? just build it.u ever wanted to do research on other planets? just get there.its all about orbital logistics and proper kerbal engineering.fiddeling rockets for a specialzed task together and optimizing them is a lot of fun.and when it works u really get the feeling u achieved something.and there is a damn crapton of really good mods (Kerbal Spaceport is the official Mod Site).from simple part packs, over complete solar system rescaling to the real size of our solar system, over warpdrive plugins to resource harvesting mods .building a münbase to harvest fuel to refill ur vessel which is supposed to reach the outer planets?get the mod and do it.(all mods are easy to install and remove)but enough about the mods even the normal game got a lot of really cool things to discover.even tho that the game has by now ""ONLY"" the half of the promised features (things like the finised career mode or multi player), the damn game still better than quite some AAA titles which charge u 50 bucks and hand u a unfinished and unplayble game(X rebirth *cough*)if u thinking about getting ur hands on this game ...... DO IT !"
,Recommended,220200,9603789,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,SofaMuncher,I built a ship that subsequently exploded.10/10 Must own.
,Recommended,220200,987586,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Mithadon,"10/10Kerbal Space Program just might be the game of my life! For someone who is passionate about space exploration, there is simply nothing that even comes close. An enormous sandbox in which you can plan and design your own missions. However ambitious you're feeling, you can think of a mission that will REALLY challenge you. And when you finally reach the goal you had set for yourself, you will feel a tremendous sense of pride and accomplishment. This game can be exquisitely complex, which definitely makes it a niche title - but it's really what makes it so good. My biggest mission to date took me 16 hours, of which roughly 10 were spent designing my gigantic rocket. I like to use real formulae for thrust to weight, planetary transfers, terminal velocity, etc. and plan the entire mission before leaving ground, and not use auto-pilot (mechjeb is what most people use and it can be incredibly helpful). I'm a masochist like that. This game is so good that I try not to play, or else I cannot stop and will not go to bed ever.Even in early access, this game has everything it needs. Make sure you google and search through the numerous mods, which can increase realism and add many features (comm networks, planetary scanning, mining operations, GPS, telescopes, enhanced aerodynamics, to name just a few).Simply incredible."
76561198082282770,Recommended,220200,9675917,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,ChairmanMeow,"One of the most addictive games I have played. Good for anyone with a love for rockets, rovers or things which go boom!"
,Recommended,220200,12430381,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,CrazyAlienGuy,Keel jeb and go to the mun. Worth.
76561197963374481,Recommended,220200,32442262,Posted: 15 June,all,Xanif,This is a fantastic game and has taught me a lot about orbital mechanics.I have never written a review before but I wanted to jump in to cancel out some of the tantrum based reviews that are coming out. Leaving negative reviews because of something that *may* occur in the future (T2 implementing DLC) is silly and damaging.
76561198082230798,Recommended,220200,15592318,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ALX-the-GREAT,Amazing game really hard but rewarding. honestly one of the best games i've played. Good job on patch 1.0 guys!
,Recommended,220200,15590741,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Force,"Easily one of the most addicating and educational sandbox games ever created. KSP is a masterpiece of engineering and is one of the few games that is actually worth playing on the Unity engine. When people talk about science education, KSP should be on the tip of their tongues."
,Recommended,220200,11745884,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Krombopulos Michael,"I think i'll begin this review of Kerbal Space Program with a few stories of things I have done in the game.  First is the quest I had to assemble a modular outpost on the Mun.  Complete with living quarters a solar array/battery bank.  It also had O2 and CO2 storage and a converter.  Finally I added the Kethane(Methane) drilling rig and a plant to convert it to usable rocket fuel.   Next up was the journey to research science from near sun.  I flew a space probe to various altitudes near the sun.  Starting at 1 million km, next 100km, and finally 10,000m.  The last altitude I discovered a fun glitch in the game where the suns gravity accelerated my probe to near the speed of light and it shortly disintegrated.At its core Kerbal Space Program (KSP) is a physics simulation of a solar system and the player is given pieces to make rockets and explore the stars.  Of course there is sandbox mode where all parts are available and the player doesn't have to worry about money or unlocking more advanced parts.  In sandbox the only objective are ones the player must create.  But the real fun starts in career mode that was recently updated to give the player contracts to give them various objectives.  Also part of career mode is the need to balance money and reputation.  The way to unlock better and more advanced parts in career is by performing science.Of course you might be leary of KSP being early access, but I will say that in terms of content the game is amazing.  I'd buy it in its current state ten times over.  However if you're still not satisfied one of the games biggest strengths is the dedicated modding community.  Want to only focus on building ships and let the autopilot launch and land your crafts.  Theres a mod for that.  Want to add even more rocket parts, the ability to build and connect space crafts.  Theres a mod for that.  Want to make the game super realistic and add O2, CO2, and a realistic atmosphere where your ship can and will burn up during re-entry.  Or you could add Kethane, the games equivalent to Methane, that you can mine and make rocket fuel on distant planets.  Well you see where this is going :)Finally my criticisms.  The biggest one that I hope gets worked on by the devs is optimization.  The physics engine only utilizes a single core of your CPU.  This is frustrating because I have an AMD CPU and not only does it struggle with single core vs Intel but the game doesn't take advantage of my multi core CPU.  Remember that sweet moon station I mentioned, well it got too big and the game ran at ~11 FPS near my station.  Secondly if you install a bunch of mods the games takes a while to load.Overall if you love Lego and space exploration KSP is an amazing game."
76561198055618457,Recommended,220200,8823853,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,X_Ha_Ha_Ur_DeD_X,Jeb is the man... wait... the kerbal!
,Recommended,220200,9000615,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Seanvich,"From the trained professional, to the mad (possibly homicidal) scientest- KSP offers an excelent gameplay experience for one and all who are willing to explore the vast expansion of space... so long as you don't accidentaly bump the spacebar."
76561198042224842,Recommended,220200,10318760,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Mems,"I love this game! Very challenging and fun. If your start getting irritated or bored with the constant 'googling' ""How to land on the moon without depleting my fuel"" then just get to the debug toolbar and enable unlimited fuel and let the fun begin. I love that the creators put that in here. Even with the unlimited fuel, the game never loses it's fun. From building a plane to circle the earth, to landing on Mun. And if that's not enough for you, then you can get many many different unique mods to satisfy your space adventuring, rocket launching taste!"
,Recommended,220200,26473604,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Saxton 6,This game taught me more physics than I have ever learned at school.
,Recommended,220200,13579808,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,takizawa,I tried landing on the Mun but instead I got launched out of the solar system.
,Recommended,220200,32913077,Posted: 27 June,all,Christ died for our Spins,This really seems like a fun game but i have down syndrome so it's hard.
,Recommended,220200,10988654,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Brosky,"By far my best buy from the Steam Summer Sale. I wish every simulation game was as good as this, it is incredibly realistic and very fun to play. I've gotten to the point where anytime I hear news about space, I immediately want to hop on and continue exploring the Kerbol System. If you love space or enjoy designing spacecraft, this NASA endorsed game is for you. If it is on sale, buy it. If it's not on sale, I'd still recommend buying it. I'm excited to see how it develops."
76561198047878908,Recommended,220200,9937905,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,JW,NASA: 'We will land on Mars in 2030s'SpaceX: 'We will land on Mars in 2024'KSP: 'We will land on every celestial body during one long night'
,Recommended,220200,12111109,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Kerrash,"This game has the most entertaining sand-box style gameplay I have enjoyed in years and that's just scratching the surface!I have learnt more about space and orbital dynamics from a few hours playing this, than I did during my entire education; and enjoyed every explosion packed second of it.I can't recommend this game enough to players of any age. It's an instant classic and just keeps improving with every update."
,Recommended,220200,6606743,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Phobos,A challenging game!Incredibly realistic physicsHigher difficulty/Higher rewardMultiple game modes and difficultiesTry the demo for FREE
,Recommended,220200,7766654,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,KERNBOOM,"I'm an astronaut. I started out as a Gretchin engineer who's inventions exploded before lift-off, and who's space shuttles would simply crash into the Mun, but I've learned. Approach a problem with science, or just try a million times, and you will learn! From creating utter failures I've grown into landing rovers, launching re-fuel depots and creating space bases. This game is one of the most rewarding games I know, and at times I feel my hearth in my troath while I try to manouvre my ships through the barricades of gravity and space."
76561198271960396,Recommended,220200,20941188,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,chickenman,>tries to land on Mercury>misses planet and flies straight into sun.I think I may be the worst astronaut ever.10/10
76561198045169675,Recommended,220200,9229407,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Papa John,"THIS GAME REALLY REMINDS ME OF HOW I LIKE TO CUT A HOLE IN A KFC BUCKET, MAYBE GET DOWN LOW AND TRY TO ♥♥♥♥IT, BUT WHEN I SEE MY CHICKEN BE CASH, YOU BETTER BET IMA SLAP DAT♥♥♥♥♥ CAUSE ♥♥♥♥♥S LIKE ME AINT GOT NO MONEY, AND EATIN CHICKEN SKIN BE MILDLY FUNNY. I SHOOT MY LOAD INTO OUTER SPACE, KERBAL SPACE PROGRAM I MEANT YOUR FACE, OVERALL I GUESS YOU COULD SAY IM GAY, BUT HORSES ARE ALMOST SURE TO JUST EAT HAY, CAUSE IM A FAT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AND I GOT A SLUMPY♥♥♥♥♥♥ NOW GO OUTSIDE AND MOLEST DAT ROCK. -Ronald Reagan"
,Recommended,220200,14802353,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Shitty McSlutty,"I just love this game. Its great to see things go boom, and even better when you actually acomplish something"
76561198088218544,Recommended,220200,9557192,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Unassuming Guy,"Holy crap. Fantastic fun, serious learning."
76561198379646454,Recommended,220200,32612736,Posted: 21 June,all,jmonstanz,I SOOO RECOMEND THIS GAME TO ANYONE
,Recommended,220200,9710426,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,DeadeyeDave,"Ground control to Major Tom Kermanyour circuit's dead, there's something wrongcan you hear me Major Tom Kermancan you hear me Major Tom Kermancan you hear me Major Tom Kerman"
,Recommended,220200,8026751,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Catsmeat,"Just buy this game. It has a steep learning curve, granted, but once you get into the game and get attached to it, it becomes so rewarding. Plus, those little green ♥♥♥♥ers love zero gravity and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,220200,32441020,Posted: 15 June,all,Witless Jester,"It's a good game, It has a bit of a learning curve, bu the community has loads of guids and a great wiki to figure it all out. (this is rocket science after all)At time of this review Take-Two has aquired the game and wounded the modding community of GTA V, but they also heavily support modding on the Civ and X-Com franchises, but they've made some slightly worrying remarks about monetization. Make of all that what you will. As of now the game is still great, and it has no DRM, so buy it, downlooad it and make a copy of the game folder as it is now somewhere and you'll be fine."
,Recommended,220200,15581371,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,LordReserei,"Space; the final frontier. We might not be able to explore our solar system, launch countless space stations and monsterous rockets in real life, but virtually anything is possible in Kerbal Space Program. This is ultimately how an early access game should be done, and I'm writing this on the launch day of 1.0 as it's coming out of Beta. It's come a long way with a massive community of modders out there, which thankfully are not going to turn into paid mods--and developers who listen to, as well as have hired members of the community to help with the game.It can be relentless, it can be fun, and at times hilarious. Whether you're an absolute beginner, have some rudimentary knowledge of rocketry--this can be great for people of all playing styles and ages. You also don't have to dedicate a whole lot of time--jump in for 5 minutes, or a few hours.Want to just blow up rockets? That's fine.Space Station nut with no goal of exploration? You're missing out, but that's fine too.Are you like me and love building entire networks of probes and satellites? Ah, that's fun and quite the challenge.The experience is quite something unique, and I can't recommend this enough. Pick it up as soon as you can."
,Recommended,220200,22560455,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,mretsam,"This is a great game.  It does have a steep learning curve, but it is enjoyable at every step, even with failures you encounter.  Those failures make it so much more satisfying when you do succeed in constructing your first successful craft.  It is definitely worth the price(and even better if you can get it on discount like I did at 40% off!).  It will definitely make you think more creatively(which is has for me at least).  Give it a try, I don't think you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,220200,11760072,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,𝐭𝐨𝐨𝐭𝐡𝖋𝖚𝖑,Buy this damn game
76561197984506558,Recommended,220200,15592348,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bru the Husky,"Complex, complelling, creative, and combustable. :P  This is one of those rare games where you learn as much as you have fun. ^>^ Highly recomend."
76561198096121796,Recommended,220200,9024937,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Drduckling,"This game does an amazing job of being fun and educational. Although still in development, it is at a stage where buying it will be well worth your money. I encourage new players not to be deterred by the games difficulty, if you go on youtube there are many beginners tutorials that help a lot. Fly safe!"
76561197994503736,Recommended,220200,31996171,Posted: 27 May,all,Kronikor,It's ok.
,Recommended,220200,15610886,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,A Block of Wood,"KSP is a great game if you love to crash, build, or fly things. (Or if you want to unleash your creativity)(Or even keep a population in check :))And with the official release of KSP, the game has become a lot more fun since the earlier updates.I totally recommend the game.12/10"
,Recommended,220200,22546934,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Halo1m,"Hire me now, NASA."
76561198119666368,Recommended,220200,31981744,Posted: 26 May,all,Leemos,"Dunno what they want me to write here, so this window disapears."
76561198057455031,Recommended,220200,15806173,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Archer Jihad,great game.
,Recommended,220200,32065418,Posted: 30 May,all,King Of Laggy Games,"i probably have over 100 hours on the torrented version of this game, it was so fun and addicting, i thought it'd be worth supporting the devs and buying it."
,Recommended,220200,15582199,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,NSFW_POTATO,If your rockey doesn't launch try adding struts and boosters.
76561198121988825,Recommended,220200,12709307,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Browneye0226,If you like  building things to fly in space then get this game! 10/10
,Recommended,220200,15861142,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Aozora7,10/10 would learn rocket science again
76561198036183417,Recommended,220200,7986434,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,cwfisher,"Great game, especially if you like a challenge and are interested in engineering and astronomy. The game is very freeform, even in the campaign mode (at least in the alpha). The physics are quiet realistic. You will have to use your imagination in this game, guaranteed."
76561198043934338,Recommended,220200,8023522,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Fry,This is Nasa with buttloads of money and expendable clones.
76561198043744246,Recommended,220200,4956797,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,corotted,still cant reach orbit
,Recommended,220200,7753229,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Rendon,"One of the most fun and interesting games i own. Buy it, play it, love it."
,Recommended,220200,8143999,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,seanosaur,"There will be a bit of a learning curve with this game. I started off just flying my rockets straight up into space before I realized I could use staging, view my apoapsis, etc. Stick with it, and I promise you'll fall in love with this game."
,Recommended,220200,8200590,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Darvius,"This is by far one of the best games I've ever played. It kind of reminds me what Spore could have been!You can really build your rockets from scratch and they will (or will not) fly if the model is nice. It's not a hard game, have very good tutorials and let you be free to reach whatever planets you want!Every planet is different and have stunning visuals, different gravity levels and atmospheres. You can explore all planets using rovers, spacecrafts and rockets made by your own hands! It's really cool and rewarding to make your first ""Mun"" landing or to orbit a far away planet.Sometimes you'll lose Kerbals to terrible accidents or to the lack of fuel or even to bad planned landings and so far, my mission is to rescue them and bring them back home! :D"
76561197996114262,Recommended,220200,7999956,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,ubertakter,"I could go on and on about how great this game is, but I'll keep it short: Buy it. Buy it now. You might even learn something."
,Recommended,220200,8006477,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Wrexwuzhere,"Absolutely wonderful game! Even in its early stages, I find myself playing hours upon hours of this game. With a very healthy community for both support and mods this game has great potential to be one of the few games that I will come back to for years. I can't wait to see the next stage in the development of this game."
,Recommended,220200,7767330,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Vapid,"Highly recommend this.It's a bit hard at first, and you'll explode a lot. But exploding and ""failing"" in this game is hilarious!If you're actually planning on getting anywhere though, you should know that you'll have to do a bit of research, reading tutorials etc.Though, if that's fine with you, then you should get this game!"
,Recommended,220200,10206243,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,MattOSU,there is a big learning curve on this game but always a lot of fun. There are a lot of Youtube videos out to help you learn how to play. I completly recommend this game.
,Recommended,220200,8582722,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Tmillz,Great game. Some of the most realistic physics I've seen for a while. I've even heard it's used by NASA scientists! I would definetly recommend.
76561198045031440,Recommended,220200,9601138,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,K.A.Nordic,Awesome. Would recommend to anyone who has an interest in space or just like building your own ships and planes.
,Recommended,220200,14307634,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,青い羊,Space.
,Recommended,220200,9050603,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Full Charge Gaming,"I've learned quite a bit about orbit mechanics from this game.  Not necessary for everyday life, but it's such a cool simulator.  I am getting excited about launching my own spacestation into orbit and building things out - the funnest thing about this game is failing."
,Recommended,220200,1588561,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Wyattcon11,"Ever wanted to explore the stars? Experience weightless-ness?  Build gigantic Space Stations?  Truly feel like an astroniat?  This game will take you on a tour of a psuedo solar system that ""somewhat"" mirrors our own.   I would never say a game could ever be perfect, but this has to be as close as you'll ever get.  The game is still in developement as of the time of writing this, and a lot more is to be expected of the future.Carry on Cadets.Ps - Jebidiah is a Kerbal worth his salt."
76561198085213139,Recommended,220200,11224353,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Nefrin,"Bought this game on a Saturday night after watching some youtube videos about it. By Sunday night I had sunk 15 hours into it and landed Jebediah on Minmus and brought him back with fumes to spare in the tank.This is a very much playable game as is, and Squad (devs) are planning on adding more to it to make it even better. Well worth the money in my opinion.This is a highly detailed game. Yes, you will start of very basic with rockets, but it quickly scales up so that you need to plan stability, lift, mass, etc, before you even hit the launch pad. Youtube will be your friend trying to learn decent builds to get you started, but once you get the basics, the fun is in the experimentation, trying to find what works best for you.I have only begun to scratch the surface, but I am looking forward to spending many hours trying out different builds, different tactics, and try to plant my flag on the surface of any and all planets that I can."
,Recommended,220200,8022215,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Fraser Cain,"I've spent the last 15 years reporting on space exploration, rocket launches, spacewalks and satellites. I thought I understood how everything worked, but it wasn't until I started playing KSP that I really got it. You'll watch rocket launches, landings and planetary exploration with new eyes."
,Recommended,220200,30152812,Posted: 24 February,all,Dr. Gabe:),"Its just plain fun. You can build whatever you want with tons of parts. Theirs tons of mods which add lots of fun stuff, and even without the mods the game is still awesome."
76561198041650506,Recommended,220200,12001982,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Timon,The game is incredibly fun. It also is a bit challenging at first which keeps it fresh. What fun would it be if you could just press w and then suddenly boom you landed on the Mun? I highly recommend the game as it will keep you occupied for hours on end.
,Recommended,220200,8600785,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,BSoD,"Best Game Ever!.. In my opinion anyway ;)If you have a background of interest in sandbox and/or simulator games you're sure to get your money's worth of enjoyment out of Kerbal Space Program.The game is renowned for having a truly Everest like learning curve. So if you're a type to be frustrated when things don't work first time round beware.However, at this point the game has a nice set of tutorials to get you going on the basics and some clearly thought out scenarios which you can use to drop you in situations to practice most other things (without going to the trouble of getting those pesky rockets off the launch pad).I have found the game to be relatively low on bugs at this point (although rockets do have a tendency to fall apart on the launch pad sometimes). But as the game is still early access it's safe to assume these will be fixed with time.Overall Kerbal is a Great Game. Lots of depth for those willing to put in the time and the promise of comical failures and explosions for all!"
,Recommended,220200,9712201,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,-UF- TheAvatar,"If you want to never be able to watch a sci-fi movie without saying ""thats not how space works"" then this game is for you."
,Recommended,220200,8036787,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Zenithiel,"Kerbal Space Program is one of the most impressive and polished early access games I have played on steam, though how much you enjoy this game depends on how much you put into it. Open ended, creative, and has a great supporting modding community. Their introduction of career mode makes the task of space a little bit less intimidating for new players as it allows you to progress and unlock parts as you play the game."
,Recommended,220200,5627902,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Morty,"This game is amazing. It has a fairly big learning curve, but because of that, every little thing you accomplish feels absolutely amazing (Even making the ♥♥♥♥♥iest orbits feels great). The community is also very welcoming and the modders have created some amazing things. If you're reading this and its on sale .... STOP READING AND BUY IT!"
,Recommended,220200,8441977,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ellbristow,"Best game I've played for a while (and I've played a few!)Check out my YouTube show,Kerbal Space Program Live!"
,Recommended,220200,8513669,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,MintRockets,"Very very challenging game, but rewarding in the end. The majority of your time spent in this game will be just designing rockets that don't blow up on the launch pad. Once you get a good design, you can see about getting it in the air, and better- space. After that you can set destination to many realistic planets and test your hand at inerstellar travel. A must have for sandbox fanatics, but a little rough around the edges."
76561197991019313,Recommended,220200,13855617,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,nubbiecakes,Skyrim with rocketss
,Recommended,220200,11241105,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,The Revenant,"Space, physics, funny little green aliens! What is there not to love?! I can hardly manage to get to The Mun, but whatever! I love getting Space Stations in orbit around Kerbin, but I get the thrills from my failed creations too.  Oh yes, also....Jebediah Kerman: THRILLMASTER10/10"
,Recommended,220200,8695802,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Wozzi,"This game is just stupidly incredible, the level of fun and how th community is so close together with new ideas for mods is great"
,Recommended,220200,24950834,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,MattWooll,What a great and fun game
,Recommended,220200,24013848,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Big_Flying_Monkey,"Ground Control to Major JebGround Control to Major JebTake your protein pills and put your helmet onGround Control to Major Jeb (ten, nine, eight, seven, six)Commencing countdown, engines on (five, four, three)Check ignition and may God's love be with you (two, one, liftoff)This is Ground Control to Major JebYou've really made the gradeAnd the papers want to know whose shirts you wearNow it's time to leave the capsule if you dare""This is Major Jeb to Ground ControlI'm stepping through the doorAnd I'm floating in a most peculiar wayAnd the stars look very different todayFor hereAm I sitting in a tin canFar above the worldPlanet Earth is blueAnd there's nothing I can do"
76561198059327649,Recommended,220200,9154986,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Dfskle,"Fantastic game. I would reccomend this to anyone who has a little intelligence and a LOT of patience. I mean, I suck at it and still have fun. Especially now that they've finally added career mode and science and all that jazz. Ten out of ten, most realistic space and physics simulator I've ever seen or played."
76561198041345252,Recommended,220200,8432197,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,76561193746377956,"This is one of the coolest games ever. make rockets, probes, satellites rovers and much more. land on the moon or another plaint, or crash. You can make and fly planes put rockies on the planes. and best of all freak your astronauts out like crazy"
,Recommended,220200,8109334,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Alix (gradythehermit),There are few games That capture my attention I have 411 hours and 10 updates and am still not bored. Rock On squad Also It runs fine on a  2.3 Ghz amd single core I know because i have one. especailly since this latest update! (.23)
,Recommended,220200,8203317,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,[404] Dukie,"Kerbal space program could quite possibly be the best game i have ever played. and is ground breaking in its own field. the feeling of achievement when you A) build a working rocket. B) get it into orbit. c) send it to another orbiting body D) land it on that orbiting body E) dock the craft, is awesome. every single moment feels like 100%ing any other game (in the words of kennedy) ""not because it is easy, but because it is hard"". and failure in this game is devastating, seeing rockets explode during launch or failing to reach orbit. or crashing during a landing is gutting, mainly because you can see it all going wrong over  a course of time, and such you get attached to it all. every aspect of this game is rewarding.this game is in early access admittedly, this may put some of you off, but do not let it be so, this game is as polished and tidy as most AAA releases these day, there are no microtransactions here, you are buying practically a finished game.this is a must own game, and i wish more games were as rewarding and enjoyable as this"
,Recommended,220200,9723078,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Joris,it is a very cool game but you have to be the right person to do it
,Recommended,220200,10762237,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,xX_FaT-MaN_Xx,Flew a rocket with 100 people into the sun.10/10
,Recommended,220200,15594081,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Tyr,"I've loved this game from the start, it was fantastic, cool and fun. Also had a lot of challenges, in difficulty in trying to figure out how I'm getting my rocket to mun(moon) or otherwise.With the latest release, it was even more fun reaching 1.0, and it made me need to write a review immediately to tell everyone what a great game it is and that it's just gotten even better. They really delievered on their product, definitely recommend the buy."
,Recommended,220200,10655825,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DoylesSpawnandHawtWife,Endless fun. 10/10 would crash again
76561198024259128,Recommended,220200,7850085,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,tygran,Even this early version is fun
,Recommended,220200,8081362,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,untamedzer0,"Kerbal Space Program is the ultimate game of exploration, but once you get beneath the suface it is so much more than that. You are your own space program.  Dream it, build it, fly it for better or for worse. You will find yourself wanting to learn the complexities of orbital mechanics. You will find yourself designing larger and more complex things. You will never forget that first time you land on The Mun and live. Then you will discover it's wonderful community. The devs that listen and interact with it. You will find yourself waiting anxiously for each and every patch with glee knowing that this is still the early days. It is well on it's way to being one of the greatest games ever made and just continues to get better. This will be the 'it' game in due time and in this time of games becoming dumber it is nice to play a game that decides to be complex and  difficult. It will capture your imagination, test your mind and allow you to fulfill all of those childhood dreams of reaching for the stars. Get this game and shoot for the heavens. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,220200,13534861,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MADTJ2,"I flew, blewed up, build a better rocket, blew up, once again better rocket, got to the moon. It's awesome, I would recommend everyone."
,Recommended,220200,10914419,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Antonio Margheriti,"Smart, Fun, Actually somewhat educational.  I love this game."
,Recommended,220200,10847433,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,meatcookie,"The only game I have ever played that, when successfully building and launching a rocket to then deploy a lander on the moon followed by an elaborate docking process once back in space led to an ambitious return to the home planet without killing any of my crewmen, gave me a TRUE sense of personal accomplishment that has rivalled real-life accomplishments.That may sound lame to some of you who are not hardcore about gaming, while it may sound strange to you hardcore gamers who find accomplishment in successes from other games. I tell you this being a 29-year old gamer veteran of 25 long years (Tandy PC jr., TI Home Computer, Amiga, Commodore 64, and Atari 2600 for starters) who has seen many games come and go. I'm sure that Kerbal may not be a true pioneer of the sandbox sim, yet I have never met a game that has kept me riveted to my PC for as long as this one.Kerbal can create an experience never lived for most of you who grew up wanting either to be an astronaut or a rocket scientist (or both!) and presents it in a fashion that is otherwise unattainable in any other media form. The creation process can be frustrating and unforgiving, between the thrust/mass/control coefficients and the staging management ensuring your success/demise right at the paddock, yet always gives a personal sense of enjoyment when your self-concocted combination of (loosely) held together parts engineered for home plumbing/rocketry when it finally does work out and you break that atmospheric threshold between Kerbin and space.The graphics are solid; with a moderate gaming laptop or mediocre desktop PC, this game can still shine. The only time I have run into issues with my Ivy Bridge i7 with 670MX GPU laptop running all features @1080p is when I created a six-part space station with lighting fixtures in low orbit (125 km). This causes some choppy camera effects which can easily be resolved with lowering res or AA.The physics are unmatched; the way each rocket adds mass with thrust, providing an unnerving sense of realism to having too much or not enough on either of these factors. This is a mechanism that other space games should take note of.The story is unnecessary and therefore (so far) omitted. This is an exploration game with no prome directive. If Squad does finalize the game and provide any type of a campaign, it will only be a plus on an already incredible design.The gameplay is certainly something special; you build, launch, stage, deploy, land, and dock to your heart's content! There are also some other great features Squad has done with the R&D facility and science points (it provides a heck of a challenge starting with very little to promote a scientific approach to your exploration and desire for more research). The full solar system exploration will provide countless hours of efforts to send unmanned satellites to the farthest reaches, and perhaps even manned vessels of you are REALLY amibitious.Overall this game, as it stands, is a 10/10 even though there is still so much left for it to improve on but the foundation of what is the single greatest Early Access Game released on Steam certainly surpasses the expectations I could have ever had of it."
,Recommended,220200,10148797,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,metal0130,"Do you like blowing things up? Do you like rockets? How about rockets blowing up?That's the best part about this game, spectacular failure while trying to acheive orbit.(this review brought to you by guy trying to get a badge)"
,Recommended,220200,11234665,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Saganakis,"Let’s be realistic, this game does have an acquired taste. Now that's out of the way, allow me to tell you why I love this game!First and foremost, it's gorgeous. Seriously, even without the environmental mods it has beautiful scenery. You will launch your first ship into orbit and you will take fifteen screenshots because you love it so much. It's a beautiful game and the mods only make it better.The ships themselves are also very interesting. I USUALLY use a planned model as a base, but once you run out of use for something you realize you have to be creative (especially in career mode). It's tough and forces you to think you side the box and make new designs. And when you reach that point and get that science, you advance and feel a rush. It's an awesome feeling!And better yet, I love how simplicity can really be the BEST way to make your ship. I was able to make it to other planets using a basic design with relatively low tech stuff. All because of ""physics""! Literally, it uses the realistic orbital physics (most of the time) for the game. You can use Kerbin's gravity to sling shot your way to another planet instead of relying on fuel. It's pretty awesome.And even if you don't want to play it seriously, you can get mod after mod to give you weapons and armor and new parts to mess around with infinitely. Don't like just going to the Mun? BLOW IT UP! WHY NOT?The only problem with it is that it does take a LOT of patience and you need to actually think realistically. If you launch on one side of Kerbin it'll be harder than launching on the other side of its rotation. But even if you are not in it for the actual ""make a space station and be a great space program"" part, oyu can use the sandbox mode and just find interesting ways of destroying ships and havin fun.It's a great game and I highly recommend it, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,220200,10838636,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,skeetar (dogwizard),"If only they would produce a DLC so I could give them more money. Make costumes or something, anything. Take my money."
76561198023121753,Recommended,220200,12854746,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Dicom,Dont read this review the games good go buy it.Pro tip(bonus for reading this far):  To get tot eh mun and back the trick is to throw as many Kerbals as you can at it until the pile of bodys and failed rocket debris is high enough u can just walk.
,Recommended,220200,5403704,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Kyzza,"Kerbal Space Program is a great game which I first played with my friend who loves space simulators. After a few hours we quickly fell in love with getting rockets lost in space, terrible landings and killing hundreds of kerbals. The entire day and night was lost in this immersive game.The game has since been released on steam (obviously) and we have continued to enjoy hour after hour exploring the solar system. With many successful and failed missions, I have slowly become a better pilot, whilst still enjoying every hour playing the game.I would strongly recommend Kerbal Space Program for anyone, regarless of your intrest in space simulation games. With many updates adding astounding new features, you will fall in love with the many apsects of space travel."
,Recommended,220200,11851323,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Pasukaru,10/10
,Recommended,220200,8201064,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,EOD Operator,"Shooting little dudes into space?  What could go wrong? =)  The available resources to ""Upgrade"" your game and make it your own is astounding!"
,Recommended,220200,10738203,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,A Vegan Zombie,unlimited potential. chalenging carreer mode. hilarious rapid unplanned dissasimbly.
,Recommended,220200,10271765,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,matthew17754,"This is an awesome space game that allows you to do all kinds of space stuff. You can build, design, and engineer your own space travel technology. It's a great game if you like engineering and space travel."
,Recommended,220200,11203032,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,PEENOOTZ,AWESOME!!!SPACESHIPS!!CREATE!!LAND ON PLANETS AND MOONS!!!METEORS!!!! WHICH YOU CAN GRAB!!!!MODS!!!AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,220200,8886933,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Eebz,"One of my all-time favorite games that I own...The more you play, the more you learn; and with Kerbals running around, you can use your expanding knowledge to hurl them deeper into space aboard their 'precision built' space vehicles.Building is half the fun, and successfully returning from another planet is probably the most satisfying part of the game experience.Challenge yourself by playing the career version. You will learn to use parts much more efficiently and it will motivate you to get to each moon and planet as your parts will allow."
76561198067630724,Recommended,220200,10779546,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mcphatty84,Perfect game to waste a lot of time
,Recommended,220200,11110238,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,The Mamasboy,i can not get enough of this game
76561197984328190,Recommended,220200,7999679,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,T600INFILTRATOR,"Great fun, keeps you entertained for hours!"
,Recommended,220200,8027883,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,RYRY,"It's an amazingly fun game despite the amount of explosions that you will probably cause during the earrly hours of your play time.. just buy it, it's amazing :P"
,Recommended,220200,22033604,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Reuben,"Wow! Just wow. As the price rises, this game just gets better. I've had weeks of fun with KSP (on several Steam accounts). Endless sandbox fun. Probably one of my favorite games of all time!"
76561198067704096,Recommended,220200,10392524,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Rand Paul,10/10 amazing game
,Recommended,220200,8021834,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,JesseFromSpace,This is just one of the most amazing games I have ever played.
,Recommended,220200,7960199,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,ShiverMeTendies,This game is highly addictive and fun. you don't fell bad after playing hours on end because you actually learn something
,Recommended,220200,10166131,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,JazzyMcJeff,"One of the best games I've ever played.Do you worship space? Do you love rockets? Do you enjoy a nice retrograde burn at 35,000 feet with advanced thrusters made from scrap parts found in Jebediah's junkyard? Then Kerbal Space Program is thegameexperiencefor you. The possibilities are endless. And when you finally take your first step onto the surface of the Mun, you will feel a thrill that only KSP can provide. Plan it, build it,dream it.Kerbal Space Program."
,Recommended,220200,8027533,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Caffeine Addict,Worth Every Penny
,Recommended,220200,8854858,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Next Grips,"I found this game to be very exciting. There are few games similar to this one. It is funny, challenging, and has a realistic physics engine. You can't really find an experience like this anywhere else"
76561198025225857,Recommended,220200,17626070,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Damele,With 570 hours of game play under my belt I can safely say this game is awesome. No other game in the last 5 years has caputered my attention and even more my imagination. A dedicated community has kept this game going and will continue for many years to come!
76561198105638661,Recommended,220200,10072450,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Lord Fitzleroy,"This game is phenomenal. Great attention to detail, huge potential for creativity, surprisingly accurate scientific principles. The only thing I wish they would update that isn't already in the works is to make it possible (in sandbox mode) to launch from any planet/moon. It would add to mission possibilities. Buy this game!"
76561198068456647,Recommended,220200,9898384,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,paulhan4senate,First playing the game near impossible but if you study basic orbital mechanics and watch tutorials then the game all of a sudden becomes grand.
,Recommended,220200,13622911,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,shmeez,you're basically just launching♥♥♥♥♥♥rockets into space and hoping they get somewhereit's a blast.
76561198107785823,Recommended,220200,12144876,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,A Nickle,"Kerbal Space Program is one of the best games i have ever played and it was worth every dollar i paid for it.My opinion it has a lack of ""cool"" pieces, but with the right mods (B9 or Interstellar) its perfect.Cant wait for.25!"
76561197980207889,Recommended,220200,24826035,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,[MAD] Mechanicus,"KSP is a physics game which means its not for everyone. It is somewhat technical but thanks to its cartoonish approach funny at the same time.You build your rocket or your plane in the hangar, go to the launchpad/runway and watch it fly ( or die trying ).The graphics are pretty basic but that has no negative impact on the game for me (i for one prefer a good game to good looks).It can be somewhat repetitive. You're going to repeat ALOT of your flights until they yield the results you set out for but with the tinkering in between trying to optimize your design its okay for me.There are 3 gameplay-modes to choose from.1) Sandbox: just build what you want and let it fly.2) Science: Get scientific data from different locations to advance your rockets like various climate zones of your own planet, in flight, in orbit, heck even swimming in the ocean and in space of course. Just worry about the data no matter the costs.3) Career: You pretty much run the whole show yourself if its science/piloting/managing/work on contracts etc.For me it was totally worth it and im not done yet. :D"
,Recommended,220200,12414237,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,AJP,"I don't know how I didn't play it for so long, but I can't stop now."
,Recommended,220200,8560462,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Pronkers,Possibly one of the best games ever created. I could spend my entire life on this game.
76561197993789524,Recommended,220200,8037636,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,chewyfurball,"It is a fun game with a pretty high learning curve, need to learn what your doin, for math or engineer geeks this is perfect, for the rest its a lot of fun and takes some practice it is fun to blow up tho."
,Recommended,220200,13764107,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,WBHokie13,"As an avid fan of technology and engineering, I absolutely LOVE Kerbal Space Program. The game provides a fairly accurate portrayal of space flight mechanics. Also, the modding community for this game is one of the best I've ever come across. Anyone who wishes to learn more about this game should check out the following streamers on Twitch.tv: KSPTV, EJ_SA, DasValdez, Shimmythejj, and Kofeyh. These streamers, as of this posting, are regular KSP streamers who are quite good at explaining how the game works and can teach the basic concepts of orbital mechanics very very well."
76561197997685173,Recommended,220200,9353307,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Dude,This game is my day job now. My actual job is my break from guiding my Kerbals to science. I am looking forward to the finished product and the new NASA dlc!
,Recommended,220200,7772177,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan M.D.,"This game is great! It really lets you unleash your creativity, and it's quite satisfying to land on a planet/moon.However, there are some bugs here and there, but that's expected from an alpha (now beta and still going strong!) game. Plus, there's a steep learning curve for beginners which may demotivate them from playing and learning. While it may not be complete, it's rather fun once you learn. I recommend this overall.1.0 edit: The game's been released, and by God is it more difficult. You need to upgrade buildings and compensate for new aerodynamics, which add a harder spin to the game and is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,220200,28747650,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,♛Tokyo S> Glock Fade,Perfect
,Recommended,220200,29242028,Posted: 14 January,all,Norcast,I see why nasa is having trouble getting back to the moon...
,Recommended,220200,15599007,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Nukelar,best space simulator in history . WARNING takes a long time to master but is the most rewarding game ever Madebuy now!
,Recommended,220200,201800,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Kuato,a
,Recommended,220200,15695692,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ausscraft,10/10 Would kill Jeb and Bob again.
,Recommended,220200,22152187,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,dyingblood,A good game but hard to control the planes
76561198077837436,Recommended,220200,11545511,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,TwoNumber9s,"This game is so much fun! I recommend this game to anone who wants to be a rocket scientist! However, it is quite expensive but it is really worth it."
,Recommended,220200,16535932,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Legend,"This is one of those rare games that didn't use early access as an excuse for the game being♥♥♥♥♥♥ Even in early alpha the game had more features than many fully released titles, and yet more keeps coming. Really, I cannot recommend this game enough. If you have a spare £30 lying around then I encourage you to invest the money in this game as you will not be dissapointed. However, if you are the type of person that easily gives up on a game, do not but this, as it has a VERY steep learning curve and you should not expect to be travelling to the moon in your first vouage. Apart from that, 10/10."
,Recommended,220200,7861119,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Tony Macaroni,"Possibly the best game I've ever played, infinite possibilites"
76561198060365141,Recommended,220200,10806033,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Weapons_masters,This is the best space adventure game ever made!! Great job guys :)
76561198065939369,Recommended,220200,24197369,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DopierPolecat,"I love this game but i do have to say that it clearly is not for everyone.  The game has a steep learning curve, but with a little help from tutorials you should be just fine. This is just one of those games that will be around for a really long time and is a great game for people who like building, or just want a sandbox to play in."
76561198176038517,Recommended,220200,28920190,Posted: 1 January,all,Loremaster79,"Been following this game for quite some time, finally bought it.  Every update it just gets better.  Want to fly rockets in a physics simulator?  Or maybe just crash things at orbital speed?  This game is for you."
,Recommended,220200,9735599,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Mikhail,"One of the best games I have ever played, and also my favorite game of all time. Ive played since late 2011, and it never gets old. (Steam may say I have a hundred hours, but Ive put in around 600 hours outside of steam). The community is one of the best, the amount of mods is ridiculous. If you enjoy a realistic, fun, and captivating space/simulation game, get KSP. 10/10"
76561198008430041,Recommended,220200,28570534,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Gene0083,"Awesome game, for someone who did not knew much about how things work in space, it taught me a lot. no joke! :D"
,Recommended,220200,10318441,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Kpiozero,"Dream. Build. Fly. Crash. Repeat as nessary untill you have sucess. Grin from ear to ear. Keep climbing, keep building. Keep loving KSP."
,Recommended,220200,9933139,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Elaine,VERY FUN MUCH GOOD
,Recommended,220200,580868,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Antonius Glock,"Spaceships. Crazed Kerbals. Lots of options, including putting satellites into orbit, building a space station, or colonizing the Mun. There's also a system worth of planets to explore."
76561198035588451,Recommended,220200,4327274,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Chrysalis of Borg,"""NOT BECAUSE IT IS EASY BUT BECAUSE IT IS HARD!"""
76561198045225985,Recommended,220200,10881511,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AndyGuyHere,"This game is awesome, although career mode is pretty difficult. Still an awesome game though, i highly recomend it to anyone interested in space."
,Recommended,220200,15713749,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Elusive Pete,"KSP manages to find a beautiful sweet spot between game and simulation. It can be very challenging and rather technical, but also very entertaining and rewarding. Highly recommended."
76561198112488568,Recommended,220200,14755937,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,kerballer,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxbX-z5-QHsme when i found ksp. nuff. said.
,Recommended,220200,463263,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Bet,♫ Push it to the Limit ♫  You can fill in the rest.  And you should.
,Recommended,220200,11428208,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Pink boi #1,a wide varity of steps to take to make this game 10x more fun1.buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game and don't pirate it2.Get the dmp mod3.plan4.build a rocket with friend and end up having friend rescue you5.land on the moon6.Get more mods7.Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because the mods are not compatible with your build version8.break computer9.cry10.Suicidal depression11.Get gun12.figure out that the computer can be fixed13.pay 400 dollars to fix the computer14.play the game again15.Repeat cycle accept start from 3
,Recommended,220200,15236371,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jeff / twitch.tv/jeffcubed,gos on internet. downloads mod destroys earth
,Recommended,220200,9699496,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Verarrh #ProjectRemnant,"Truely a fun game when you can goof off on when your bored on sandbox, and a good time consuming campaign. If you don't have this game, you're missing out."
76561198137898188,Recommended,220200,28536493,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,emerald,"Amazing game, its my all time favorite game.You need to learn quite a bit and practice many things but it's highly rewarding - never give up if you fail, KSP without exploding rockets is not KSP :D"
,Recommended,220200,10747387,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,laureus31,"If you know how to play KSP, then IT IS FUN.Even if you don't know how to play KSP, watching rockets explode is still fun."
,Recommended,220200,8021160,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Mithrandir,Best game ever
,Recommended,220200,13287780,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,tonytwo,"Excelent game!A bit hard at first, but once you get the hang of it you will have loads of fun experimenting with all the different parts."
76561198059881657,Recommended,220200,13046281,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,SunyJim,"NASA, JPL are all playing this game.You think being a rocket scientist is easy just because we did it in the 60s with slide rules?Well it is, sort of, once you learn that the movies are all full of it and some basics.But wow once you've built your first rocket and made it to space, then orbit, then to the Mun. There will be no stopping you...  you'll be off to other worlds with your fantastic creations!"
,Recommended,220200,13414850,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Swegmode,"The Game's only just officially been released in Beta, but had it never been updated again I could have played it as a finished game (though somewhat lacking in terrain details, i.e. trees etc).KSP is hard, I found it quite a steep learning curve from the usual games I play. Getting to grip's with correct weight distribution, centre of lift and mass, trajectory etc. Its all new to me coming from games such as Eve Online, War Thunder or generic FPS's. But given some time, you soon get to grips with the game, more through trail and error in my case, and it really shines.Some people are incredible at designing and building enormous craft, creative designs, technical and brilliant, and can, using mods, even colonise other planets and celestial bodies in the game. I myself, have successfully landed on Mun just the once and returned (on my first try luckily!), and that's about the best i've managed!KSP's modding community really is incredible, and KSP's developers have invested time looking into the more popular mods for the game and have even incorporated them into the newer releases! They have applauded the inginuety of the community and have taken on all constructive criticism, and have really built an incredible game.I can whole heartedly recommend this game, for the more serious sim gamer, or for those wanting a bit of fun building a rocket and blowing little Kerbels up. If you're creative you will love KSP, just make sure you have a decent CPU if you want to build anything too crazy!This game is still (technically only just) in Beta, but already feels like a finished game, and although I got it a incredibly reduced price in a Humble Bundle package, I would pay the market price, and even more, still knowing it's in Beta.10 Jebs out of 10."
76561197971532050,Recommended,220200,523566,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Conditional Love,"Sandbox Rocketry: for the budding rocket scientist inside us all. Don't need to know rocket science, but it sure helps a lot at lift-off and when plotting orbits. Note: you can use mods to autopilot (such as MechJeb) and to add other functions."
,Recommended,220200,23782201,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Squally92,As someone studying astrophysics.  This is a whole heap of fun!  I recommend it to anyone!!
,Recommended,220200,23539149,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Andromeda,"Very good for anyone new to physics, yes it can be a bit broken at times, but otherwise, yeah.People might say KSP is a ""kids game"" but really most kids barely know what an orbit is, so if you want to become space-savy like me, I recommend this."
,Recommended,220200,25728717,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,FreeKill,"Too adictive, especially the realism overhaul mod..."
,Recommended,220200,18240510,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,MK3424,Born too late to see the Space Race.Born too early for interstellar travel.Born in time to play Kerbal Space Program.
76561198056610186,Recommended,220200,10051316,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,[ Di ] Lachy,"This Game is absolutely amazing. This has honestly become my favourite game by far. The only thing i wish was a way to customize how each part of a rocket looks and generally more content, but stuff like that takes time to make. If you like building and designing, flight sims or even just seeing explosions, this game is for you.. and also contrary to popular belief, you dont need number crunching for this game, ive explored a large part of the kerbal universe via trial and error, and its amazing... HIGHLY recommended"
76561198018984874,Recommended,220200,8707441,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,jonnyt21,"Honestly the best game i've ever played, AWESOME!!!  Its a must for anyone interested in space or blowing things up;)"
,Recommended,220200,9606071,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,une faguette,Rockets are cool.
,Recommended,220200,10113701,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Dragontwat,"Maybe one day, we humans can find these Kerbals, with their reputable Space Program.10/10"
,Recommended,220200,9129810,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kekkler,Must have for a novice engineer.
,Recommended,220200,8622664,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Islandboy,"As far as an Early Access game goes, I really like this one, and it gets better with every update. I'm still learning and mastering a lot of the basics, however, just the idea of building your own rocket, and getting it to the moon, and finding a way back home is extremely fun. This game comes highly recommended from me, and it can only get better.If I had to criticize the game in any way it would have to be the fact that after getting to the moon, and any other planets I can get to, I'm not sure of much else to do. Luckily the new career mode that is in development will help sort that out. Overall a pretty fun game and I can't wait for the next update!"
,Recommended,220200,11234930,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Patchy_Pirate,Love the game. I hope to be an Engineer for NASA someday. Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,220200,10137138,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,AlonBru the Greatest,"This is truly one of the best games I have had the pleasure to play. It may seem a bit difficult and complicated at start, but when you begin to underrstand how things work, it truly becomes a unique experience.I'd recommend this game to anyone who wants to reach for the stars and also those who just like messing around flying planes and rockets to their hearts' content."
76561198050038862,Recommended,220200,5455373,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Dorian4690,"""A good rule for rocket experiments to follow is this: always assume that it will explode.""–Astronautics Magazine 1937It works here 200% better than in the real life. This game is a sandbox allowing you to create hilarious and nonsencical creations and then launch them to the space. It is not a simulation, but the ballance between simulation and arcade is almost perfect. Do I have to say more? Keep 'em flying!"
,Recommended,220200,17888739,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Zen-Zinxe,I had to stop playing this because I would spend literally 5 hours a day designing a ship that wouldn't ♥♥♥♥ing go anywhere.Not for those who require constant rewards and instant gratification.
76561198042454413,Recommended,220200,12403180,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,TheDerpyPotato,"Amazing Game.  If you love space, little weird green guys, and being able to destroy things then this is the game for you, and if you like a career mode where money actually counts, it has one!"
,Recommended,220200,20363938,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,General Jack Ripper,"I had long since held an interest in the early days of space exploration. When I was a kid, it thrilled me to read about Alan Shepard and Gus Grissom launching their Mercury capsules into space.Kerbal Space Program is a game that captures the spirit of space exploration perfectly.It is a very simple game to play, and yet it offers a huge depth of possible content, allowing the player to literally build their own space program from the ground up.What more can be said? Yes the development has had it's teething problems, but the developers have continued to support this game beyond even my own expectations.If you are interesed in space exploration at all, Kerbal Space Program is a must-have game."
,Recommended,220200,8682072,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dr.Dezmund,I was obsessed with space as a kid so this feeds right into the nostalgia.
,Recommended,220200,11338339,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[Nuzl] Asrono,"Great game! It lets you explore physics in a whole new way and makes rocket science funny, easy and interesting. It should require more tutorials at the beginning of the game, but once you know the basics, a whole new universe opens in front of your eyes."
,Recommended,220200,9878471,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,FS-Nasa #LoveTrumpsHate,"Sure, it's a game under development. Sure it hasn't got a full campaign yet. Sure it's ridiculously hard to even get a rocket off the ground.But despite all that, this game can bring out your inner astronaut and lead you to build either the most practical or the most insane spaceship ever concieved. And with the thousands of mods available, the possibilities are virtually endless.Now that it's been officialy backed by NASA, this is definately a game you should look into if you'd like to make your dreams take flight.And don't worry; there's plenty of potential for explosions. Muahahaha."
76561197963819455,Recommended,220200,14580024,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Jinnai,I can't say anything new about this game others haven't already.  It's wondefully addictive and fun.  One of the best games I've purchased.  My screenshots speak for themselves.
76561198023247811,Recommended,220200,7991862,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Cpt. Winter,Lots of science!Learn about space travel mechanics!Let things Explode!
,Recommended,220200,8027467,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Vasinth,Lots of fun and joy for people who are ok with basic physics and tech-stuff. Do recommend for those people strongly. As for those who are not so okay with technical or physics things it's an opportunity to learn it's basics (and more advanced later on). I have lots of fun playing this game. Performace-wise it's running acceptable on my laptop although i must say that with more advanced crafts its basically 8fps till you loose some parts and get into orbit. Even thou - lots of fun!
76561198007132747,Recommended,220200,8714836,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,eldus,"The best game about space flight ever. Period.That's what i've dremt of for 20 years. Really, I thought it's impossible to make the game so ""realistic"" and yet user-friendly. Thank you, guys!"
76561197960951855,Recommended,220200,20066298,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,WE3,"If you like building things or enjoy science than this will be a good game for you! The game offers easy to use controls with simple building options. Fly to the moon and beyond. Get your copy today... Recommended by NASA, enuff said?"
,Recommended,220200,8720951,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Synaptic,"Its very fun trying to build successful ships. There are so many possible ways to get a task or mission accomplished. This is very fun, especially if you are into space/cosmology. It seems like a great level of detail was put into making this a realistic and fun space exploration game."
76561198079507598,Recommended,220200,6922918,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,B1R,In this game you launch♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220200,10056902,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Vantave,"Get yor wallet ready and pants tight, because after reading this you will be so enticed that you will have to buy it.This is by far one of the BESt games ever. Have you wanted to ever created your own spaceship, fly to planets and moons, and do it all while being derp- I mean AWSOME! Well now you can! Although updates are seldom, ezch one is amzing and honestly, this is a must have. I have 197 hours on this game... But seriously. This is a great game, even if you suck at it, you can have midless fun just screwing around. You can evern create planes! Yes, this is also a plane flying thing game! Buy it! Now! Please! Throw your money at the screen! Get your family to buy! BUT do NOT mention this game at NASA... They will instantly fire you. Maybe, but yeah, even NASA likes this game, they helped with one of the updates. I know I've been rambleing but buy! BUY IT! NOW! NOW! BUY! NOW! BUY NO! YES! PLZ! BUY! BUY RITE MOW!"
,Recommended,220200,8251707,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,William,"KSP is by far one of the best games I have ever played. Even at his early stage, it is ridiculous funny and you wont even feel the time goes by while you play it.As for the most games, I still hope for a Steam Workshop!"
,Recommended,220200,10045528,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,TABLEFAN,It's really enartaining as long as you don't run out of ideas.
,Recommended,220200,7745592,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Evil,"A great game to play when you are searching for creativity. It's difficult to get bored of this game, and if you do, there will be an update waiting around the corner that adds another 10 hours of gameplay!"
76561198107810115,Recommended,220200,11140922,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Farenheit,"This is another Beta game that deserves more attention. its game description doesn't make it sound too appealing, but this game is a LOT of fun. You can build and design ships in YOUR way using endless peices and parts. sned those ships into space, establish an orbit, land on the moon, got to another planet! the possibilities are HUGE. I think everyone I know will love this awesome space sandbox adventure in an alternate solar system."
,Recommended,220200,10402083,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,wroter,Are you a bad enough dude to land on the moon
,Recommended,220200,14488856,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,WeaseL ☭,10/10 landed on the Sun. GG
,Recommended,220200,16353809,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,dead ass,"Slow and steady...Slow and steady...Oh, a little bit fast....Slow down!SLOW DOWN!!!...I never liked that Kerbal anyway..."
76561198077762642,Recommended,220200,12140692,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,[PtPrW]NightFury,THIS IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOO REALISTIC!!!!
,Recommended,220200,9292559,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,DaShreker,"Never has a game made me feel so accomplished. Few games capture the beauty and adventure of the unknown quite like Kerbal Space Program. Building your own complex spaceship, rover, spacestation, or lunar base is quick and easy, and there is no telling where your imagination might take you next. From the moon, to gas giants, to Mars look-alikes, Kerbal Space Program will give you countless hours of adventure, fun, creativity, and even a few laughs. You might even learn a few things along the way. If you enjoy interstellar sandbox games with a realistic twist KSP is definitely for you.Five Stars - Excellent game."
,Recommended,220200,8985607,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Alistair02,"The best Simulation I've ever played. Everything is almost possible in this Game. You can build Probes and Space Stations and even travel to other Planets or Moons. Almost a must have for all Sci-fi Fans and Amateur Astronauts.However, the Game is still in the Early-Access Phase. But it's already a lot of Fun."
76561197966114426,Recommended,220200,9213271,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Metasploit,"This one flew under the radar...I saw this game a few times while looking for something to play, never really stopping to pick it up.Finally, out of bordem, I checked out the forums.  Seemed there weren't many negative reviews, some game play issues, but nothing too crazy.  So, for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, I downloaded it.Best decision I've made since burning down the neighbours house!!You are able to build rockets, blast your Kerbals into space, and leave them stranded on the dark side of some long lost ice-planet because you failed to remember to give them a way home.There is a career mode, which starts you out with almost nothing and as you accomplish more and more objectives, gives you points to buy more equipment.  There is also a sandbox mode which gives you everything all at once so you can start building your double-wide rocket right away.This game has a MASSIVE sense of achievement.  There is a bit of a leaning curve to accomplish some of the more advanced things (ie: landing on the Mun (moon) or flying to another planet), but when you finally get all your ducks in a row make it, it is truly an awesome feeling.  Not many games have that kind of effect.Therefore:If you are any kind of space fan or love the space program, this game is definitely for you.If you like building rockets with realistic physics modelling.. this game is for you.If you like watching your kerbals go up in flames because you failed to secure your rocket and it turned into a bees nest of fire and metal... this game is for you.If you hate space and anything fun, ... this game is NOT for you.Good luck and plan accordingly!:)"
,Recommended,220200,9061933,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Newbius Maximus,"This game is ridiculously addictive. I started out with just the demo, played it for a few hours and I had to get the full game."
,Recommended,220200,8752885,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Koda,"This is an absolutely amazing game when you know how to play it. I'll admit, it's hard to learn. Rocket science is never easy. But when you know how to control your ship and build them, you can have unlimited fun!"
,Recommended,220200,8451645,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,노답 - 𝙑𝙄𝙎𝙀𝘾,I hired the Kerbal with the highest stupidity and sent him in to orbit around the sun forever. No planned rescue mission.
,Recommended,220200,8617520,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Boomalamacheemalama,"If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato."
76561198105695584,Recommended,220200,8826326,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Soggy Rice,"This game is great, it will teach you about physics and rocket science in a very fun way"
76561197967631290,Recommended,220200,7949297,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Ruane,"Shootin' lil green dudes into space. Pretty cool, slow paced game."
76561198082123142,Recommended,220200,7939806,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,xico,"Just a fantastic game that has shown to be able to catch the attention of gamers from many different genres. I love my fighting games too, but it's refreshing to build rockets and space planes without considering weaponry or militarism of any kind. This is a journey of discovery, where you build on the knowledge from previous trips off-world.The expansiveness of this game, when it's not even yet in beta, is impressive to say the least. To give an example, below is a list of projects each of my friends are endeavoring currently:-Building a fueling station in orbit of Kerbal (the Earth-like planet)-Building a rover to fly to the moon and recover two stranded astronauts from a botched landing-Space planes are so cool!-And in the name of science I am trying to build an unmanned vessel that will be sent into the sun.Because each these activities provide different pieces of information, you accumulate science points for further tech development.This all said, the game is unfinished so while there is a tremendous amount that can be done, if you are the type of gamer that wants things streamlined then I would recommend waiting for the official release.I'm always fond of developers that put out demos! It's generally a good indicator of a game they feel speaks for itself._________Now summer 2015, with the game being released I have to say the game is left much to be desired. I love this game, and will continue to play it but I am disappointed at how the devs (despite a massive influx of financing) didn't follow through with the admittedly vast scope of this game. It would have been nice to have cities on Kerbin so the planet feels inhabited, along with far more points of research.With science being an important aspect to the game's economy I had hoped for slightly more detail for those interested like spectrometers and chromatograhs of samples and scanners of celestial bodies. Rather than grind to reach various locations on moons and planets give specific locations potential importance. Like presence of ice to be used for habitability of grounded stations or used for fuel. What happened to movement IVA like in the initial trailers?It felt in the months after the purchase of the dev company  by the big boys the game was rushed to completion. Some marketing fuddy figured making dolls and knick knacks is a quicker turn around than a finished game.Because the game is easily moddable however, at least the legacy will be left for those who put in the time for the love of the game.Still amazing game, who doesn't want to design, build, and operate rockets, landers, rovers, space planes, probes, and stations off-world?"
76561198081772790,Recommended,220200,7954067,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Benevolent Malevolence,"Spectacular game! This is one that I will play for life, it's THAT much fun!"
,Recommended,220200,6904907,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Pon Du FLeur,"No easy by any means, but getting to the moon for the first time is the most rewarding thing"
76561198001696954,Recommended,220200,7487974,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Fool,"Spend 5+ hours meticulously building a gigantic rocket that will ferry your brave crew out into the great beyond, only to have it collapse under its own weight and explode on the launchpad.I adore this game."
,Recommended,220200,7785359,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,The Astrologistest,"Have you ever wanted to be an astronaute ? Well, you're probably not going to be one by playing Kerbal Space Program but if you want to have a try at it at home, it is as good as it gets. KSP is an amazing simulation with a convincing physical engine and a pretty realistic approach to space missions.You will have to build your rocket from scratch and reach for the stars... Well for the Mün first will do it! It not going to be easy, getting in orbit will be your first challenge and many more will come. You will crash, a lot. For an early access game, it already provides with a lot of content and the very active community is building incredible mods all the time.Be aware that the game is not finished, there will be bugs and problems but it does definitely worth your time and money if you are up for a very demanding, challenging adventure."
,Recommended,220200,7926618,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,SnazzyDuck,"Loads of fun wathcing porr, innocent, green men fall to the ground and eat custard"
76561198095191587,Recommended,220200,7237203,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Pyre Aurum,"Just buy the game already! Expect a rather large learning curve though and watch some videos on the internet too.The base game is already packed with places to visit and new things to discover but mods upgrade the game entirely.All in all:If you were that kid in school who thinks to go to the moon you just point and fire your engines this game probably isnt for you but if your interested in astronomy, space, physics etc this game is a must have10/10"
,Recommended,220200,9735899,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Aco,I wish I knew how to play this game.
,Recommended,220200,9703137,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Erusia,"A deep earth digging simulator, Kerbal space program follows your kerbals to the core of the planet earth, the goal of the game? create some space!The game has a fleshed out building stage which allows you to build advanced rocket powered digging machines to traverse the deep underground, will your vehicle of choice be horisontal or vertical? you choose!Unfortunatley, due to the game being early acess, all the features of the game are not implemented, this is obvious as there is currently no digging or drill parts availible for your vehicles, and the only traversible areas include the solar system and many planets. for some reason evryone wears space outfits, this might be just a formailty at this point but i personally suspect that some sort of astronautical features may be being implemnted. only time will tell."
,Recommended,220200,9701221,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Natural Killer Cyborg,"http://www.npr.org/blogs/krulwich/2011/05/02/134597833/cosmonaut-crashed-into-earth-crying-in-rageBasically this, except now YOU CAN TOO!!!!"
,Recommended,220200,9817951,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Beduino - Beyond,Best scientific/astronomy game of all times. :)
,Recommended,220200,7984074,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Desim,"You like space ?You like planning ?You like assembling ?You like flying a rocket ?You like catastrophical failures ? :3Then KSP is definitly for you. The recently released feature ""career mode"" makes it even more interesting to play. But the sandbox mode will already keep you busy for hours and hours. And being out of ideas is no excuse with the s***load of mods available on the Space port site.It's still nametagged Alpha, but unlike other early release games on the steam store this one has already the looks of a finished product !EDIT:2 years later and I still love playing it ! Don't forget the mods, they really are worth it !"
,Recommended,220200,8473374,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dai'shan,"This game is the best game purchase I have ever made.  The stock game is amazing, and the modding community is astounding.  If you have even a passing interest in space, science, exploration, engineering, discovery, or explosions, you should definitely play this game.  Especially the explosions part."
,Recommended,220200,11913346,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Bacony Infusion,"Amazing game! Tons of fun and stuff to explore. This game is so freaking hard in the beginning, but gets really fun as you proceed and gain more knowledge. I will recommend everyone this game if you like space and alot of competition. If you ran out of stuff to do (nearly impossible) then just download mods. You will never get tired of this game! :)"
,Recommended,220200,15590041,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,papul,"Fantastic game that anyone can have fun with, whether rocket scientist or brain dead idiot, it's worth a look."
,Recommended,220200,13651737,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LVirus,So. Many. Wasted. Hours .. but well spend time!
,Recommended,220200,14105286,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mr.Rak,"Spent many hours building ships to get to jool just to find that its a gas giant. Never saw jeb, bill, or bob kerman ever again.10/10"
,Recommended,220200,13404284,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Malcolm,"This game is innovative enough to turn an unforgiving physics simulator into an addictive and extremely fun game. I've been playing since alpha and saw the hard work invested in each update, this is a carefully crafted masterpiece."
,Recommended,220200,10762919,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Blenson,"I absolutely LOVE this game.  I definitely recommend it if you love space/space exploration as much as I do.  The physics aren't exactly 'real world' but for a simulator they are phenomenal.  If you're a trial and error kind of person, you'll enjoy it.  If you're a patient person, you'll enjoy it.  If you're a person able to learn things, you'll enjoy it.There really aren't any full tutorials in game, but the kerbal wiki is rich with material.  It's still early access, but for an early access game it's definitely blown me away.  You start off at a space center on an earth-like planet 'Kerbin.'  You can then either build a rocket from scratch or load a pre-made one; I recommend the latter just to get a feel for the game.  Once you know what you're doing, you can pretty much decide what you're doing from there.They've added a career mode recently, and I think it holds some promise.  So far you perform launches with a limited amount of parts for your rockets and conduct experiments at different altitudes and locations.  Those experiments will get you 'science points' which are spent to research a new technology on a tech-tree.  The said techonology will unlock more parts for your ship to further your launches which in turn further your experiments.  More points, more parts, more research.  It goes on.  Career mode is still in development so I expect a lot more from it in the future."
,Recommended,220200,13617536,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nerd,Look at my hours on record.Every single one of them were worth it.
,Recommended,220200,15590743,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Dr. Neurohax,"Do you enjoy enjoyment? Are you entertained by entertainment? Does happiness make you happy? Then you should own KSP. It isn't for everyone, though. If you are not a sentient life form, then this game is NOT for you. Everyone else should own it. Except Danes. Ha! Imagine a world where we let the Danes own video games... that's just crazy talk."
,Recommended,220200,13464215,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Coop,One of the only early acess titles worth buying.
,Recommended,220200,13504542,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,PikachuNL,"Takes a lot of practice, still haven't been to another planet, but I enjoy it a lot! :D"
,Recommended,220200,10988681,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Evil Panda,"After nearly exhausting a limitless supply of Kerbal lives, I have come to the conclusion that this game is NASA simulator. 10/10 would send more Kerbals to their death."
,Recommended,220200,14238290,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Crow,Fun place where i can go to space and send Kerbals out into space... and into the sun
,Recommended,220200,10537812,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,cobrajmr,"In a world far far away...Sorry, that's star wars. But if my lame intro did not get on the right mind of this topic, Kerbal Space Program will. KSP is a good game that I enjoy playing and with mods, it makes it a lot better. I'm not saying it's not good without it, but the insights on how the community may better a game is always a wonderful thing. From building a base on Mun (the Moon) to exploring the lands of Jool (Jupiter) it will keep the little astronaut in all of us happy (if you do not this little astronaut feeling then this game is not for you). KSP does have physics and it is hard, at first, to get to the far portions of space and you will lose a few Kermans' (the astronaut's last name) in your first few missions. But hey, failing is just one step closer to getting on the moon.Personal Rating: 07/10"
,Recommended,220200,10048188,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,SelectHalfling0,"Great game! Although it takes awhile to get the hang of, I have found it very enjoyable, and somewhat comedic. I must warn you, it sucks away your free time."
,Recommended,220200,10962623,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Win,"I really like this game. It makes managing a space program pretty fun. I had no idea what Perapsis or Delta V meant before playing this, but now I know, and if you're willing to find out, play this! There are good mods for it. If you're willing to stick through trial-and-error, lots of explosions, and running out of EVA fuel while slowly drifting away from your ship while casting your eyes towards Kerbin and screaming out of terror, well, this game for you."
,Recommended,220200,10618723,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cyberboi,Amazing game at a great price!
,Recommended,220200,10372011,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Sinon,brillant 'do it yourself nasa game'if you like airfraft or space craft of any kind you can build it (just rember the struts)NOW since 1.0 is out i can bet my gaming life that kerbal is still as good as ever and i aplaude squad on there skills making this game and they deserve all the positive reviews and thoughts on this gameyou sould defently buy this game it is worth your time and money and thats coming from a guy that hates speending his money lol
,Recommended,220200,15584768,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bala Rasa,"I sent out my first kerbal to the Mün, and only when I landed I realized i hadn't enough fuel to make it back to Kerbol, so I sent a rescue mission 5 years later.11/10 would vacation on the Mün again."
,Recommended,220200,11814658,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Hoxton,Probably the best simulation game that i have ever played! Realistic physics and characters you can get attached to make this one of the best games produced!
76561197993934212,Recommended,220200,10050574,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Predt,"Thought it would be boring/low content. Ended up being awesome, really enjoying campaign mode, and actually find myself learning quite a lot about vectors and orbital planning."
,Recommended,220200,154106,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,bug ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,This is quite possibly the game that taught N.A.S.A. everything they know today.
,Recommended,220200,748604,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,Leadx[NL],"Awesome, realistic space ship building game where you can explore a solar system of another race.In this game, you start a space program, the Kerbal Space Program. Start by building your first ship, may it be a sattelite or something massive, as you launch it into space. But do not expect it to go smoothly at first, expect lots of crew members to die, and lots of explosions to happen before you even create a space-capable ship.It's refreshing, challenging and something to feel accomplished of when succeeding. Though in alpha state still, the game proves to have extremely alot of potential, definately a recommendation even in it's current state.So, if you're looking for a space game, that is challenging, fun, and realistic, do not hesitate buying this, as it's in alpha, it's a fair warning to say that the game is far from finished.Also, personally, I can't even get a rocket into orbit, as I constantly crash down. But I'm learning! ;)"
,Recommended,220200,1315436,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,Das Claw,"R.I.P Bill Kerman, Bob Kerman, Bill Kerman. Best crew I ever had. Lost in the great abyss of parachute failure.Moment of silence for the other Kerbals lost in action: Adberry, Albro, Alnard, Alvey, Ancan, Anford, Anlan, Archibald, Bartcan, Bartke, Billy-Bobgas, Camlan, Corlo, Chad, Chadmon, Chadtop, Desden, Desdin, Desemone, Doodbin, Doodcas, Dilbin, Dilming, Edfrey, Edgard, Edgun, Elny, Erwig, Ferdrin, Frank, Genebert, Genelas, Geofdin, Geofton, Gerfry, Gillas, Guswell, Harory, Herski, Hudlorf, Jendrin, Jerfrey, Joeald, Joebred, Jonden, Jonkin, Johnster, Jorlas, Jowin, Kenford, Lodlan, Lodsen, Lubdle, Ludzon, Maldon, Matberry, Melger, Milfrey, Munner, Nednand, Neildred, Nelgan, Newvey, Oblin, Orkin, Rodzon, Seeberry, Seerod, Shelgel, Sidberry, Sigbred, Sonney, Steve, Thomwise"
,Recommended,220200,26040414,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,[K4T]Paincake,This is an amazing game bought it 3 years ago just got to the moon crashed cuz going too fast but still great fun altho frustrating i still have found enjoyment.
76561198045479259,Recommended,220200,5136612,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Doo)m,I love it :)
,Recommended,220200,5672153,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,sleeming88,Makes Apollo 13 look like a leisurely 18-30s weekend in Weston-Super-Mare. Definitely a must-have.
76561198075232731,Recommended,220200,9536921,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Pouilleux,Killing Kerbals is now my job.
76561198088866249,Recommended,220200,8209520,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,cmarker,"Amazing game! Such a great harmony with music and gfx while doing deep-space explorations! A must have for anyone, and use the internet to learn the game and physics!"
,Recommended,220200,9815414,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,mcdonalds wifi,"crashed, 10/10"
,Recommended,220200,9579441,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,PromiscuousPanda,Best game I've played this.. No thats not a joke.. lol
76561198013799243,Recommended,220200,8137047,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Robboz,Just an awesome game
76561198037881886,Recommended,220200,8069183,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Shigernafy,"Open, fun, challenging and so much to do. There is tons to do an even more to learn (about real-world rocket science). There is something for everyone in Kerbal Space Program."
,Recommended,220200,4196165,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,<UTGD> Destiny_Chicken,"Best Sandbox Spaceship Simulator EverBest Sandbox Game everBest Little Green people who want to be astronauts-based game everOne of the Best Games EverBest game That's Steam-Dependant (Doesn't Have independant disc :( Cover Would be epic)Overall, one of the best spaceship explosion simulators of our generation."
,Recommended,220200,6132504,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Alec,Amazing game. Great for those interested in space and rockets...also for those people who like to blow up rockets ;)
,Recommended,220200,17927865,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Flip,This game is krazily kool in all aspekts you kould possibly kontemplate.
76561198122078571,Recommended,220200,15622295,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,BanditFraer,Translate for Russian language
,Recommended,220200,20269777,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,thumb,>been playing KSP for a while>finally reach another planet>ship functions perfectly>get in orbit>run tests and♥♥♥♥♥♥for dank science cred>eventually go back to kerbin>enter kerbal stratosphere>ship starts burning up>decouple everything>oh ♥♥♥♥>the command module doesn't have a heat shield>i look away>tears in my eyes>jebediah kerman is really feeling the heat>his big green eyes widen one last time>ship explodes>stevecarellno.avi>MFW it was all for nothing>MFW jebediah is dead>hello darkness my old friend9/10
,Recommended,220200,21017894,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dank Hill,this game is the bomb
76561198099906481,Recommended,220200,20844130,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Pheroman,You have to be an idiot not to buy this game!
76561197977240959,Recommended,220200,23737224,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,RaptorJesusOG,"We choose to go to the mun. We choose to go to the mun in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard!Cold War Simulator 2K16... Still haven't made it to the Mun.  Science bro."
76561198257551524,Recommended,220200,29993367,Posted: 17 February,all,CaptainEverett,Too many hours with this game! Even better with mods!!! fav game
,Recommended,220200,5710817,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,The Jester of Tortuga,"Honestly, once you play this game you'll realize that nothing else in your life has mattered."
,Recommended,220200,25187672,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ugly Coyote,"This is a truly unique game.This is a truly infuriating game.There's nothing I can say bad about this game because1: I'd call it about 90% stable (compared to a bethesda game that's about 70%). This alone wouldn't matter. Just cuz the game loads and doesn't crash while you play it doesn't mean it's not bad. But for how much time the average Kerbal will play this game, it's a huge factor (Also, the game takes about 10 minutes to load if you have anywhere near 100 mods installed, like me.)2: It's unique. There is no game like this. ANywhere. It simulates a solar system (simplified, of course, because truly doing this in real time is beyond any home computer.) so that you can build, fly and crash rockets, planes, boats and... anything. The limitations are almost nonexistent. Some youtubes build completely stock (No mods) helicopters even though there are no parts designed to build a helicopter.3: You HAVE to think. You can slap rockets together and hope for the best and plenty of people have mastered this game from doing that. But if you don't learn and try, this game will lose appeal fast. If you manage to get over the steep learning curve, though, you'll never get bored of this game. Minecraft let you let your artistry go wild. This game will refine it into a diamond as you struggle to meld Form and Function into spacecraft that can literally go beyond the Moon. I can't be serious enough in saying that this is a truly fascinating and amazing game.4: Mod support. There are mods that give you exactly the type of experience you're looking for. The stock game is wonderful and enough for most people to sink their teeth into for a good minute. If you want more, there are mods that enhance and maintain a stock-a-like experience and mods that add completely new systems.Or bananas. Hell, there's a mod that lets you make a Hamburger that you can launch into space. Why? I dunno.Anyways, this game is worth playing for anybody. It's unique, offers limitless challenge and, if you're patient, it will actually teach you about aerospace. It won't make you an astronaut, but if you show up to space camp after a few hundred hours of this game you'll definitely have some knowledge to show off."
,Recommended,220200,27081068,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ekareya,Sending little green man to their fiery destruction. what else not to like.
76561197988768851,Recommended,220200,25785387,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ezekyl,"When I am writting this review, Steam shows 354 hours in game. However due to DRM free and moding, I already spent 1400+ hours (KSP is DRM free and is modable - so I play from non Steam-connected copy which is of stable version and specified mod mix - that is why). And I am counting.What is this game about? Sending green folk (called Kerbals) to space and to another planets. For science. And having TONS and TONS of fun. Well, in case you like rockets, planes, space and explosions. In whatever order. It is so hard to describe the game I advice you to give a check to youtube - e.g. Scott Manleys channel will give you nice view into what KSP is about.I bought this game back in 1.0.5 (32bit only) only out of boredom and to satisfy my game hoarding habbit. What I buy I do try - so I gave it a quick look before just adding it to my library. I tried to launch a rocket (I was unaware of contracts that time) - the chute deployed instead of expected fireshow. Some testing revealed the problem. I launched Jebediah and landed him back... It was kind of fun... Can I make it to orbit?After couple hours at 3 AM (working day followed) I maintained very odd, but stable orbit. I literally danced at my darkened man cave-corner. For two weeks straight, I slept only 4 hours a day. I designed rockets in my head while driving, or falling asleep, I was making sketches of new projects while waiting for a meeting at work, I was (and I still am) proactively looking for books and documentaries to study or inspire myself. I have a time to play at PC only around 4 hours a day at max, but KSP takes much much more hours per day. In times before KSP, when on toilet, I would check the smartphone for funny gifs to have some giggles. Now, I am all about space exploration...In those two weeks I found out I was wrong all my life about microgravity, orbital manneuvers and ascends of rockets. I was actualy learning stuff and I had great time doing so. Then I found out mods. It was like Christmas. Then a 1.1.x versions came and we received completely new engine, 64bit support. I fel in love with superfriendly community around KSP.And all it took, is lego based rocket building. Behind simple concept of straping a big fuel tank and engine under a crew module lies very complex mechanics of orbital physics. I droped my dream to be an astronaut at age of 5 (bad memory of kindergarden ""event"" - so I am sure). After more than 20 years later, I am back :)You can be new Elon Musk, or a reincarnator of Neil Armstrong. Or would you rather be Werner von Braun? You can be all of this. You can build rockets, planes, rovers, or any mad creation of yours (Kerbal mixer to mix actual Kerbals). ANd with mods, you can do really anything. Game can be easened (assisting mods), widened (parts mod, more planets) turned realistic (RSS/RO) and much more.Well... long text and no actual review of what this game is. Sigh... Ok, go to youtube, check Kerbal Space Program... Does it seem funny? Give it try. I did and it is best game purchase I ever did. I already can play other games, and not touch KSP for two or three days. But I still play, and I still do enjoy it beyond I ever imagined.10/10"
,Recommended,220200,24387402,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,AI,"This game is tough on newbies, there are tutorials but I wanted to dive right in. took a lot of tries to get something basic to leave the planet, only to run out of fuel and eventually get burned up in the sun. Once you get used to reaching orbiting and re-entry and learn what all the technical words mean, it gets easier, but there is so many things to take into consideration, weight, gravity, trajectory, fuel, thrust, aerodynamics... well worth it if you like space simulations or explosives."
76561198059333376,Recommended,220200,23785770,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GreenFeepgeon,Like LEGO - with explosions and space!r8 8/8
,Recommended,220200,23853219,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,The_Vulcan,"Its GOOD.Read the other 30,000 positive reviews."
76561198072375543,Recommended,220200,25419135,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,norris_medina,If you like NASA you wil love KSP
,Recommended,220200,25463318,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,crazyfrog1017,You build a rocket.FLy the rocket.Crash the rocket.Build a rescue rocket.FLy the rescue rocket.Crash the rescue rocket into other crashed rocket.Bye bye Kerbals.11/10
,Recommended,220200,21572130,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Flyk,Don't know if this game is any good or not. Will have to play a bit more.
,Recommended,220200,28685358,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,EWB2004,"Absolutely amazing! Im not surprised that this game has overwhelmingly positive reviews. Kerbal Space Program is immersive, entertaining at times and beautiful. When you land on another planet or moon (or simply returning from one) it is very satisfying and the sense of acheivement is huge! I would definitely recommend this to anyone, especially people who like space."
,Recommended,220200,8183100,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Adobe InDesign,An amazing game with an amazing level of detail. Great for cinematic screen shots
,Recommended,220200,13811476,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Apple,"My train of thought from before I bought it to now:- I see my friends playing it a bunch, but will I like it? Im worried I'll get bored since space isnt really my forte.- I start watching broadcasts by other steam users and asking them questions about its replayability- Oh, it has modding support, which apparently is a must in this game- After hours of research and streaming, I bought it on sale for $22- I was still skeptical- At first I started out in science mode (gain tech points, no money system) which was one of the harder modes. oops.- Next I tried career mode, which offered contracts for those of us who wanted to gain science (tech) and where also newer to the game.- Oh, there are spaceplanes?- *Download many mods*- Oh, there are _______? (x10)- Unlock more tech to perfect my plane- *Download more mods*- Planes that run off of electricity?- Nuclear....That's where I'm at, and Im loving every bit of it. I've always been kind of a ship-builder guy when it comes to free-roam exploration games like this (If you do too, check out reassembly), but it's captivated me. Im always told to pay attention to Delta V (Change in velocity) which I assume is important, but I'm too new to the game to get into specifics like that. Super fun!"
,Recommended,220200,9724239,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,AH-64 Apache,this game is so fun!!!
,Recommended,220200,13464805,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,✈ Alex,"My name is Alex the Airplane andI LOVE THIS GAMELook at those cute Kerbals! Their expression of utter confusion and dread as your mistake careens towards the VAB always breaks my heart. ):How do you even begin to describe this work of art(Endorsed by NASA!), as compared to mainstream blockbusters designed to milk every cent out of your pocket with limited release content and outrageously hollow but aggressively priced DLCs? They've done so much to improve the game from just a few ugly parts to this masterpiece complete with Contracts, mission, and Science, intergrating wonderful community mods and even modders into their great project, bac9 you are a good man.You can play the base game and learn the basics of orbital mechanics, fuel conservation, delta V calculations and how wonderful it is to hear that serene music playing as you finally take the first step into the unforgiving void. Or you can open the pandora's box and install mods, add new tech likeInterstellar, challenge yourself with accurate(as possible) aerodynamics with FAR, be a masochist with reentry heat modeling on DeadlyReentry, make it hyper realistic from planet size to atmosphere depth to engine efficiency with Realism Overhaul. Break the taboo and turn what was meant to create, conserve, advance, and enrich kerbalkind into something moresinister, you evil man you! If fantasy is your cup of tea, why not fly USS Enterprise past the sun? The community is filled with kindhearted and intelligent members, sharing and caring for eachother, can't go wrong with that!Playing this game your way is the theme here, do you want to meticulously plan a fleet mission to the Jool system and nab every science points you can while also establishing a permanent colony? Or just build silly things to fly around KSC? Invent new ways to use parts like combining landing gears, fuel tanks, and wings to create working stock helicopters or build your dream SSTO with the help of a little part stat modding(Cheat away, no one will judge you!) Recreations of popular media likeA Jaeger maybe?You know this game will be worth your time when you have thesetalentedandartisticpeople creating contents worthy of hours of enjoyment. That's what it means to be cinematic, not some 30 frames per second nonsense. You'll only be hitting those frames because your partcount is too high, not when there's too many NPCs on screen.What I've mentioned just scratches the surface of this jewel, every moment of your time spent will be filled with meaning. The times when you first attempt an orbital rendezvous(probably fail like NASA did their first time) and that sense of euphoric accomplishment after completing your dyson sphere colony, or maybe when you've barely squeezed enough dV to make the course back to Kerbin after getting out and pushing your spacecraft with your jetpack.You may not be like me, but this holiday season, don't buy Battle of Duty: Destiny of a Titan, spend the money on this earnest product of science, maybe donate some to the great mod developers, send the rest to a charity(Maybe even Greenpeace, if you're okay with the fact that they've vandalized the Nazca lines)."
,Recommended,220200,11760713,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Pepe,Dank swag in space
76561198292074412,Recommended,220200,30342892,Posted: 5 March,all,Prezzo,I love this game though physical time warping is a little glitchy
76561198061357800,Recommended,220200,32240524,Posted: 7 June,all,Rooty Tooty Click-n-Shooty,built a rocket - Blew upBuilt a bigger rocket - Blew upbuilt a even bigger rocket - Blew up10/10
,Recommended,220200,15589731,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,AsshatFührer,"Nice SOLID space simulation game with a good sense of humor, its a bit HARD to design a spaceship that can make it to orbit, let alone to any of the planets in the solar system, but its still fun to try.Also this game has an amazing modding scene and Take two just bought the game, so lets hope they dont ♥♥♥♥ it up the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,220200,22716441,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,SphincterGypsy,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥buy this game right now so you can make up for all the lost time you've spent not playing it!**edit: still a great game. Doing this for a badge!
76561198095462725,Recommended,220200,20023434,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kris,"> build a big ship with lots of fuel, nice rocket boosters> successfully lift off from launch pad> 10,000 m up, go for stage one seperation> rocket disentegrates midair and Jebediah Kermin falls 10 km to his death> 10/10 would fix seperation again"
76561198121132124,Recommended,220200,9575422,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,JewBeard,This it the best space game that i have ever played even thugh it is still in development.
,Recommended,220200,32279484,Posted: 8 June,all,mrc1080,After coming close to near 200 hours in this game alone I'd have to say it is definently one of my top five games to play. There are an endless number of possibilities for success and mayham alike (dependant on what your flavor is). Hats off to Squad for making a truly amazing game!
,Recommended,220200,20737402,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DrunkenHobbit,"One of the best games i've ever played. It has combined my love for all things science fiction and the joy of creating something of your own.10/10, a real blast!"
,Recommended,220200,23415190,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Helseth,"Sooooo, after spending a few, not hours, but days learning how stuff work, I've just realized after 400 hours that I might just know half of what there is to know. At least I've got the satisfaction to crash more rockets into the assembly building than getting them into space, I've spent more time designing planes that would end up crashing, and I've wasted soooo much time choosing mods that crash the game. And I've loved every single second of this game! MODS MODS MODS is a must have!Why can't I recommend this 1000x?"
,Recommended,220200,26601326,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,AnarchyofAdam,"A worthwile and almost necessary game for any geek interested in astronomy and space aeronautic engineering. The physics, though not perfect, are nearly spot on. Playing the game really makes you feel for the pioneers in the field like Wernher Von Braun and Russian rocket scientists Sergei Korolev. The feeling of building your own space program from the ground up with little funding and huge goals gives you a chance to appreciate the true difficulty of Space Travel by programs like NASA with harsh limitations.Let's say you want to play the game like a sand box. You don't want these harsh limitations because you would just rather create absurd contraptions. Well, that option is available to you at anytime.Okay, but what about the ability to roleback your mission if it fails. You can turn that off as well, which makes all the math that goes into space travel necessary. Before you try to launch your rocket, you better make sure it will actually launch, and when it doesn't launch and just bursts in the air I want you to put yourself in the feet of Sergei Korolev watching his attempts at launching Russian man to the moon failing. Every failure and success are huge moments.Great game for science and space travel. Build your ship, test your ship, retry when things go wrong, get science when things go right. Want to land on the moon? Go for it. Are you interested in landing man on Mars? Try it out. Want to fly into the sun? Not smart, but you can do it."
,Recommended,220200,19663229,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Rubenosaur,"If u like physics, rockets, airplanes or explosions this game is 10/10."
,Recommended,220200,31796929,Posted: 16 May,all,MisterZombro,"If you love space, play this game. It lead me to a massive interest in space travel, and I cannot say I've ever played a game that made me eager to learn before. The learning curve is steep, but once you get the hang of the game your imagination is the limit. The best part is the when you achieve a new milestone, there's always another one. For example, you get to orbit? Go to the mun. Got to the mun? Come back. Now land. Now come back. Now go to minmus. Now rendevous. Now dock. Now build a station. And you can do all of these things in whatever order you want, and it gives a lot of freedom."
76561197992415679,Recommended,220200,29953657,Posted: 15 February,all,NoAim,"When you combine mechanical engineering, orbital mechanic simulaiton and put it on a game platform, you get KSP.10/10Add a bit of creativity or stupidity into the equation, you'd love it."
76561198030686288,Recommended,220200,8794505,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,BLADEZ64,"Fantastic game to burn time on, the constant requirement of science points runs as an incentive to carry on building spacecraft and attempting to land/orbit different worlds. I heard about this game from my friends and was reluctant to get it at first as I didn't know if I would enjoy it, or get a lot out of it. As soon as I got it in the sale I knew that I would definitely pay full price for it. Some better tutorials can be found on YouTube so have a look there if you're stuck. Personally I love this game, it keeps me hooked in whenever I start to play it, getting into the orbit of different celestial bodies is always a challenge and landing on them even more so. Also having to consider the levels of fuel, your craft weight, drag and many other elements are just features of this game that make it successful. I've had moments where I've thought, ""I fancy going on KSP for a couple of minutes"" a couple hours later I'm soaring around the solar system attempting to collect as many science points as possible before I return to Kerbin. Seriously a fantastic game whether you want to play it genuinely or just want to burn a bit of time. I highly recommend this and if you're into your space stuff then this is the perfect game.I rate it a good 9/10."
76561198140912262,Recommended,220200,18207110,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Кактус полет (kaktus),"If you dont own this game, you either cant aford it, or you have no soul."
,Recommended,220200,31798632,Posted: 16 May,all,Sys0p,"A clever way to learn how rocket science works, sort of. Its not a 1:1 scale, also it doesn't teach anything about Rocket Plumbing. However, for a game, this is great way to show how things work. Since it uses Kerbins instead Humans, you don't feel as bad when they don't make it back home. Grab it on sale and dive deep into it. Only thing I wish was different is the controls."
76561198234418468,Recommended,220200,31844266,Posted: 19 May,all,Jsec42,Carrening around the moon was never this fun :P
76561198024076012,Recommended,220200,8747215,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Gnome,"This video game has tricked me. I knew the moon (Mun) was up there and it moves around us. Kerbal Space Program helped me to learn correct verbiage for scientific terms, how orbiting works lower and upper, and what apoapsis and Periapsis have to do with each other (There always fighting) and it doesn’t stop there. KPS makes you want to learn in a clever and extremely rewarding fun way.This is a great game for the hardcore simulation game player or the casual I want to create cool ships, hovercraft, plans, etc. For example I started out casual and again I was tricked straight into a hardcore player.Plus on top of all that the mod community for this game is out of control amazing.Stop reading this and try the demo you will be hooked. This review is actually cutting into my plat time. I highly recommend this gem of Mystery goo."
76561198044344846,Recommended,220200,12854583,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Bench,"A game so free and open-ended, you can make anything from an interplanetary vessel to a giant blender. Finds a terrific balance between realistic space travel simulation and cartoonish style. New features come from constant updates, as well as a large modding communtiy."
,Recommended,220200,32431422,Posted: 15 June,all,Frankiecze,"If you ever watched one NASA or SPACEX launch with awe and dont own this game, shame on you !"
76561198088341685,Recommended,220200,32426118,Posted: 14 June,all,LuminousDave,Love this game but take 2Do not mess with this leave squad to do what's right don't touch mods and even think about micro transactions
,Recommended,220200,32458260,Posted: 15 June,all,Sunny Cyberspacer,"Ignoring the fact that Take Two bought probs part of the rights to this game last month, KSP is overall extremely enjoyable, especially after you get past the steep learning curve. It couldnt be more hilarious than launching Jeb into space only to crash into the Mun when you try to land on it XD! Realistic to a strong degree in the physics and the handling of the rocket parts, id recommend KSP to anybody who just has an interest in space! (Also, back up your game files people, just in case things go horribly wrong due to Take Two!)"
,Recommended,220200,32532031,Posted: 18 June,all,Funonly,That moment when you first get lift-offThat moment when you first get into outer-spaceThat moment when you first get into orbit (notice that this is not the same a outer-space)That moment when you first get to the mun (and get stranded)...............That moment when you realise EVERYTHING can blow up!5/7 whould recommend
76561197979714767,Recommended,220200,13487836,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BruinKiller,Great Game
76561198120404903,Recommended,220200,24198656,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hot Pocket,I absoluty love this game so realistic and fun to play any day
76561198051321914,Recommended,220200,27494321,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lentigo,"Day 1: Yaay, I got Jebediah home without killing him.Day 35: Cool, so this is what the most outer planet of the solar system looks like.Day ???: Ok, so I've built that bridge from Asgard, that'll take you through the universe, but I mostly use it to spaghettify my Kerbals.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,220200,24510175,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,rdM*,"If you can stand the almost CONSTANT crashes. Especially after you've just spent an hour building your perfect space ship, and it doesn't auto save while in the VAB. Absolute beaut game."
76561198027395116,Recommended,220200,21992716,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Legalize Kakuna,yes
,Recommended,220200,8062462,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Meimain2Ξ12,"Very exciting. Addition of Career mode gives an incentive to go where no Kerbal has before.Best mods are KSW Rocketry, B9 Aerospace and Mechjeb. Make Space Stations, spaceplanes and more!"
76561198011699337,Recommended,220200,33352499,Posted: 7 July,all,Jim,"Stay away from youtube, cheats, and god mods. Have fun with it, fiddle with things, test stuff out.. that's where all the fun is."
76561198134564847,Recommended,220200,17493978,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,@TheRealJebediahKerman,"Tip for Kerbal Space Program players: Hitting Alt+F4 does not bring Bob Kerman back from playing with his jetpack on the moon, flying 40+ m/s into the side of a crater. Hitting Alt+F4 does also not fill Jedebiah Kerman with EVA propellant so he can get back to his orbiting space ship. Hitting Alt+F4 also does not reverse the 40 minutes you spent getting to Duna, only to realize you forgot Newke Kerman. Hitting Alt+F4 does not revive your sanity after going back to your vehicle assembly, putting Newke Kerman in your pod, flying back to Duna, and not having enough fuel to slow yourself down, going 30 m/s over the limit, and killing Newke Kerman. Hitting Alt+F4 also does not make you feel less stupid about getting rid of your landing rockets, and putting on four parachutes because you realized that Duna has an atmosphere. Hitting Alt+F4 saves you from embarrassment when you pull up your steam overlay, and realize you messed up your amazing trajectory to Minmus by hitting the Shift key to pull up the Steam overlay, only to do it again and tell your friend about how you're stressed and angry because you just messed up your path to Minmus, only to be cut short because you made yourself an escape trajectory out of Kerbin because once again, you hit Shift."
76561197965213219,Recommended,220200,23903999,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GraviTyKillz,Best Value i have ever gotten in a game. If you like Building things and are interested in the least about space and Flight. Get THIS GAME. Think i paid 20 dollare for this game..compared to time played...
76561197995231562,Recommended,220200,13231724,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Lanceo90,"Kerbal Space Program went public only a few month short before Kickstarter became big, so keep that in mind when you play that unlike some Early Access games KSP didn't have a huge fundraiser at  the start.  Their success is purely due to their own hard work.And that they do.  The game is updated at  a steady pace.  Once very few months.  But the content additions have always been massive.  They're always pretty bug free as well.The game is also very easy to mod, adding so much replay value.  And do't just take my  word for it, you can literally go in and edit numbers in the notepag file for parts and make the part work totally differantly.Squad has proven themselves one of the greatest indie developers out there now.  If anything is testament to that it's the fan base.  Unlike other game fanbases, their's is almost entirely positive."
,Recommended,220200,12271321,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,cuppscakes,"I know that I've hardly glanced at the surface of this game compared to most, but it's easy to recommend. If you have even the slightest passing interest in space and/or space travel, you'll find tons to love here. Explore, experiment and you'll inevitably have a great time."
76561197963977988,Recommended,220200,12300288,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,MrSerious,"Do you wish you could fly rockets that behave according to real world Newtonian physics? If so then KSP is for you!Even if the KSP developers took the current version (0.24.2) and said 'this is 1.0' it would still be an excellent product and a successful Eary Access. For myself, the most enjoyment is in Sandbox mode where all the parts are available and there is no research or career to worry about.KSP includes a career mode which has a research tree and economy which is still being developed and balanced but works reasonably well.If you get bored with the 'stock' game, take a look at the mod community. Dedicated individuals have created mods that can change just about every aspect of the game adding new parts, research, game tools, textures, etc.Buy KSP now!!"
,Recommended,220200,15587532,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Raire,Like science? Buy the game.Like sandbox building? Buy the game.Like tons of mods that can change the way you play? Buy the game.Like explosions? Buy the ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!
76561198115175465,Recommended,220200,19507493,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MightyMyke,"As of writing this review I currently have over 400 hours in this game and have only ever visited the mun and minmus aside from kerbin, and there are still 6 other planets to visit as well as 7 other moons. This is a good game, and you should probably get it.Edit: Now have over 500 hours and still haven't bothered to leave the Kerbin system. Seriously buy this game."
76561197992262964,Recommended,220200,8584458,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Batgirl,"Amazing game.  You build it, you fly it and you crash it.  In the end you are just trying to help the little green guys reach out into space.  This is a must have for those that love to nerdy games that make you use your brain.Studay Newton's laws, orbital mechanics and have a pencil and paper ready.  You'll need it.  Spending as much time as I have on KSP is obscene.  That in itself says how wonderful this game is.  Buy it, play it, love it!"
,Recommended,220200,8244038,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,"ML ""Auto 4 Life"" Joel",Wow
76561198055601975,Recommended,220200,10454191,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Snazzyspacewhale,You send your hopes and dreams into space with no way to get it back 10/10
,Recommended,220200,15589917,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,[Sir] Alfred Shitsneeze,GG KIDDIES I GOT TO THE ♥♥♥♥ING MUN!
,Recommended,220200,13414128,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ajburges,Fun sandbox and the best incentive you can find to learn orbital mechanics.
76561198043642517,Recommended,220200,31532581,Posted: 3 May,all,A Threatening Spoon,be warned if you play this game you may end up doing math for fun
76561197970904237,Recommended,220200,24006845,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,silverarm,"One of the best, most challenging, and replayable games I've ever seen. Even failure can be fun. Perfectly designed for the engineering and scientific mind: experiment and iterate designs until they fuflil their purpose as efficiently as possible. Once you start using the extensive selection of mods available, the game explodes with possibilitiy and new aspects of play."
76561197970547779,Recommended,220200,20483191,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Yossarian.fearless,"This is my new favorite game.  Coming from someone who has spent an embarrassing number of hours playing first person shooters, that's saying a lot.  This game is fantastic.  Easily the best simulator of any kind that I've ever seen.  I really think that if you were to master this game (a point I am about 1% of the way to), there would be actual , non-fetching-coffee-related, tasks at NASA that you'd be capable of pulling off.  Just check out what the dude at XKCD thinks:https://xkcd.com/1356/Nuff said.  Get this game, lose whatever life you had before, and shoot for the virtual stars."
76561198118082897,Recommended,220200,32035292,Posted: 28 May,all,A Squid,"You make em fly, you make em die."
,Recommended,220200,3089932,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,KingGEAR,This game is not like other space simulators. You can make your own spaceship and even have mods. There are billions of them. The game itself is good without mods. I recommending this to any one of my friends.
76561198032152796,Recommended,220200,9725369,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Langkard,"For an early access game this gem is already quite playable and thoroughly enjoyable.  With the recent addition of the Asteroid Redirect Mission update patch, which was designed in cooperation with NASA, Squad has taken the game to new heights.  It really is hard to believe that so much more is still to come and this is only early access.Kerbal Space Program already has a great community base, excellent rapport with the developers and an huge community of modders as well as a large number of demos, play-alongs and tutorials available in video on the web.Don't hesitate!  This game is already great and just gets better with each new feature as the game develops.  Explore the Kerbin system with all the part available in sandbox mode or start off with just the basics in career mode and do science missions to research more and better parts as you explore outward from Kerbin to the other planets around the sun, Kerbol.  Watch your Kerbalnauts grin in joy and excitement or scream in adject terror as you launch them into space.  There is no other game quite like Kerbal Space Program."
,Recommended,220200,10549457,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dangerously Cheesy,Fu k this game
,Recommended,220200,10453997,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,EncryptedCow,10/10. Would blow up numerous Kerbals again.
76561198057408876,Recommended,220200,9202329,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,onsunwalker,If you love my mom buy this game!
76561198062168538,Recommended,220200,17931350,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Arch,"Let's go Jebediah, time to use you for my various experiments and to further the influence of kerbals in the kerban system.Jk. Lets blow up everything."
,Recommended,220200,15341576,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Number 16 Bus Shelter,Y̶o̶u̶ ̶n̶e̶e̶d̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶.̶You NEED this.
,Recommended,220200,3977228,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Wesker,เกมสนุกมาก ใช้สมอง ใครไม่แน่จริงเล่นไม่ได้
,Recommended,220200,33656223,Posted: 19 July,all,MysticWolf,Tbh I can't stop blowing up.10/10
76561198102913993,Recommended,220200,18917318,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Generalstarwars333,Without a doubt THE BEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED IN THE HISTORY OF EVER! I RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE!
76561198081870213,Recommended,220200,9404305,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Mexicanadian,i love this game gg no re
76561198092476295,Recommended,220200,23852940,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Arkman575 [B-2-502],"TL/DR at endWhere to begin...One, this is not for a gamer. This is for a designer who will accept that he isn't perfect the first time around. You will not get to the moon in a good ship your first flight. If you do, you out-master a lot of people.Pros:Colorful envirnment, enjoyable humor, and the game runs quite well.Realism isn't 100%, but it's the best I have seen recently. I mean, it's fun and you have to work at it.Mods! Oh the mods!!! Doesn't take much to load a few when the games seems too easy or hard. If you can't get to orbit, try mecjeb. Will save your live.Replayability, wanting to go further, never wanting to stopcons:Bit of a learning curve, and it will take time to know what you are doing.QUICKSAVE!!!!!!! Trust me!!!It's a killjoy when you lose, and for some it kills the game entirly if a multi-day project goes down without a backupTL/DR: Good design game, great space sim9/1010/10 for a sale"
76561198052032850,Recommended,220200,13907205,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,bounding star,"Would absolutely reccommend to anyone and everyone. A whole different type of fun, you feel like every flight is a journey, and more importantly, you feel smart. A dedicated modding community will cater to your every whim, providing realism, longevity to the game and so much fun. You wont regret getting this game, and it still has even more potential, as at the time of writing was only beginning beta. This game will help you to see the wonder of the univers, and give you a great respect for everyone involved in real spaceflight over the years."
,Recommended,220200,5645075,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Wu-Tang Clang,"Wonderful, a delighted game with physics and explosions. 10/10"
76561198119615981,Recommended,220200,9689458,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,meebee70,pure genius
,Recommended,220200,25399136,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,MajesticMoose11,One of the best sandbox games even if you're not trying to reach space.
,Recommended,220200,10767856,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,0ccasionaltroll,The current physics engine makes it perfectly possible to design a plane that operates soley on flapping. That is all.
,Recommended,220200,18893365,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Allo,"If you live in India, with the new Rupees thing this game costs Rs. 849 without a sale.This is a 40$ game.In rupees, Rs. 849 is 12$.God bless GabeN."
76561198070078647,Recommended,220200,32467079,Posted: 16 June,all,Minecraft Parody Rapper,"Just remember that this game is still mostly positive even when some people are blasting it with negative reviews over the recent OpenIV Drama, please ignore those.The game itself is great."
76561198207829768,Recommended,220200,25395333,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Plutão_Pequeno,ThisIsTheBestSpaceGameEver
,Recommended,220200,22519824,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Tony The Tiger,It's a good game
76561198065250764,Recommended,220200,9923455,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,P.A.R.S.O.N.S.,"If you like space, rockets, and endangering the lives of little green astronauts, welcome to Kerbal Space Program! This game offers building your own rockets, assembling space stations, shooting satellites into orbit, landing rovers on celestial bodies, and doing all other sorts of SCIENCE! KSP is all about trial-and-error, so you'll need a lot of patience for your many attempts to get anything functional into orbit, but if you have the patience and love anything space-related, this game will not disappoint a bit. With near-endless replayability, constant updates, and beautiful mod support, KSP is the game that keeps on giving."
,Recommended,220200,13462946,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,McCree,"This game has something for everybody. Whether you want to blow stuff up, land on other planets, or get wrecked by the Space Kraken, KSP is the most interesting game I have ever played. It's impossible to ""win"" KSP, you can only set goals and achieve them. If you aren't sure if this is the game for you, try the demo, but I assure you, it will make your wishlist if you're interested in space and exploration. 10/10 for KSP."
,Recommended,220200,20575745,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,"John ""SCI"" Cessna",My cycle with playing this game -Play vanillaGet modsGet too many modsRestart game in vanillaRepeat
76561198262591283,Recommended,220200,25188278,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Silent Siren,"I built a ship which was equipped to go to Duna, however, on the return trip back, I forgot to bring a parachute.R.I.P. Jeb Kerman. There are 47 Kerbals waiting for you in heaven."
76561198083830254,Recommended,220200,9022303,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Astronomic,"Kerbal Space Program is awesome! Definitely worth the money for it. You can build rockets, destage them, put satellites in orbit or even shoot for the moon! There is also a bucket load of planets and moons out there. Try your hand at a landing on Duna, or shoot for the moon system of Jool. Whatever your path, Kerbal Space Program is one of the best PC games I've seen in a long while. At a convenient $27.00 USD, I think this is a great choice for any space simulator enthusiast.10/10 would blow up a rocket again."
,Recommended,220200,13605118,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,All of Ethiopia,Killed 100 kerbals just to get one to the mun11/10would massacre again
76561198162664750,Recommended,220200,16105252,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,The Entire Fuckin Soviet Army,I love this game once you get used to the orbtial manciasthen u can relly have fun!!!!
76561198039841372,Recommended,220200,32424325,Posted: 14 June,all,arcane.clark,"Mine is an upvote, but it can be changed if take-two dares touch this game..."
,Recommended,220200,32261249,Posted: 7 June,all,Kurt Ze Healer,I have no clue on how to play...but I still enjoy it.
76561198020690231,Recommended,220200,7977509,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Insanum,"This game is brilliant, Well worth the money.Sooner or later you'll get the hang of it and all of a sudden realise it's sunday and you've not eaten for two days."
76561198083486419,Recommended,220200,32535510,Posted: 18 June,all,Gamer_SmOlf,"I am not one of those with 600 hours in this game (even though i would love to) but i love it, i made a rocket that i wanted to go in high orbit, around Kerbin and badabim badabum, it ended up in orbit around the sun, i tried it two times more, and badabim badabum, i now have 3 spacecrafts in orbit around the sun.10/10 would do it again.Poor Jebadiah."
,Recommended,220200,7760012,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,nearlyNon,"Now you have to be three things to be an astronaut: intelligence, physical strength, and planning. In KSP you need none of those. This game is like if the space program was ran by 3 year old levels of planning. If you like trying to figure out scientific things while failing at basic things like putting landing gear on upside down, this is the game for you. If you don't like tedious waiting, having your progress explode, or spending forever trying to get /one rocket/ to launch to the Kerbal equivalent of the moon... this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,220200,17163257,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,PamperedDuchess,"This is such a little gem.  Sure, there's a learning curve to it, but that's part of the appeal.  Where else can you learn comprehensive orbital mechanics, complicated calculus concepts, and simplistic aeronautical engineering all while enjoying satisfying cartoonish antics if you happen to mess up?  Nowhere else.  This is a beautiful thing.  I'm so glad it exists."
,Recommended,220200,2968381,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Cascadium26,very fun sandbox simulation game. its funny seeing failed launches or a lander tipping over after hours of trying to get somewhere.  also it is somewhat satisfying getting somewhere new
76561198079720763,Recommended,220200,24838167,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Δ Unisarchius Δ,Recomended espesially with mods.
76561197990838764,Recommended,220200,9834345,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,R0ACH,"After akkumulating over 2000+ hours in the game, I feel I owe it to Squad to write a more akkurate, proper review that will konvince more people to pikk up this game.Here goes.....27 108 positive reviews. 647 bad reviews.That's as akkurate as I kan make it.p.s. WARNING. Extended playtime will kause the letter ""K"" to be replaked by ""K"" in your vokabulary.Update: This game is putting me behind on my studies."
76561198213543476,Recommended,220200,32524759,Posted: 17 June,all,gandreev1990,"After hundreds of hours, the amazing mding community, free updates with new contenct, and the endless expanse of space keep this addicting game at the top of my playlist.Definately not for every person out there, but if you love to build, to fly, and wanted to visit outerspace, this game would be a stellar addition to your collection."
76561197964128278,Recommended,220200,24853778,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,EvilBob,Land on the moon.Its an actual challenge.  You really have to work at it.  You actually feel like you achieved something when you do.  Rare emotion in a game.
,Recommended,220200,8034570,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Validuz,Mixing fun. Difficulty and 'science' into an oddly entertaining game.I spent hours upon hours building spacecraft. Launching it into space just to realize i forgot a critical component or i didnt account of an in-mission incident.Endless replayability. But it isnt for the dumb. You have to be quite clever to pull this game off. ;)
76561197985113749,Recommended,220200,8012799,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,raleth,It takes a little bit of time to figure out how to create a stable rocket build and how to get research points. However once you have that down this is a very fun game.
76561198007225864,Recommended,220200,25785708,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Dozer208,Amazing game. Cannot recommend enough!
,Recommended,220200,11057321,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Bill Blinton,"A lot of games these days boil down to one annoying concept: ""Learn my units.""For KSP, its more like: ""Learn reality.""The limit of this game is really up to your imagination.  Forget space for a second, I have made a 600mph boat, a working photorealistic LeMans car, a working photorealistic F-22 and a cannon that can shoot Kerbals STRAIGHT INTO THE MUN, all for science of course.This game is not even finished and yet, it's magnificent.  Stop reading reviews and just buy it already."
,Recommended,220200,25786924,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,health inspector is love,yes
76561197970923444,Recommended,220200,25389914,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,a1ball,"Challenging, frustrating, but pure fun! Build your own ship, launch to orbit, decelerate, and land.  Best technical building game i've played, Hands down a winner."
76561197975069830,Recommended,220200,32033680,Posted: 28 May,all,Mythdragon,"I still remember the first time I landed on Mun—planet Kerbin's closest moon. It was on the back of many failures; of countless times where my design, planning or ability fell short. One rocket would be too heavy, another too inefficient, another too explosive. I'd mess up my landing, splattering my little green astronauts all over the moon's jagged craters; or I'd fail to break out of Kerbin's atmosphere entirely, spinning them out into a watery grave. One time I ran out of fuel 5,000 meters above Mun's surface, and, unable to slow my descent, watched helplessly as they exploded on impact. It was heartbreaking.Out of the countless defeats and sacrifices eventually came the answer. The successful rocket was ramshackle and ugly. It was the result of a hundred inelegant solutions to unforeseen problems. Nevertheless, it held steady through the launch ritual: keeping straight through the initial 10,000 meter ascent, the smooth transition to a suborbital arc and the controlled burn at the 70,000 meter apoapsis, first to orbit, then out of Kerbin's influence and into an encounter with Mun. Before descent, I transferred my Kerbal to a lander bolted on top of the launch payload (an over-engineered solution to my earlier fuel shortage.) Then I landed, and took one small step onto the surface.I tell this story because it remains one of my greatest achievements in a game. It was a proper achievement, too. Not a pat-on-the-back trophy, created to convey incremental progress, but the successful completion of a challenging, self-made goal. The entire process—from failure, to revision, to hope, to euphoric completion—cemented for me why Kerbal Space Program is one of the best games on PC. That this all happened two years ago is why it feels strange to be reviewing the game now.Kerbal Space Program is about building and flying rockets into space. Chances are you already knew that, because it was first released, in alpha, back in 2011. Thanks to the strength of the core sandbox concept, its potential was evident from the start. The added tools and features of subsequent patches have only strengthened the game's ability to deliver on that initial promise of full space program management and execution. Kerbal Space Program was one of the few Early Access games that I felt comfortable giving an unreserved recommendation. It was brilliant then, and it remains brilliant now that it's updated to version 1.0 for an official release.The latest update brings some significant improvements, but none of its individual additions dramatically change the game. KSP's major pillars have been in place for a while now. Updates were designed to extend these pillars, and over the course of years have shaped the game into what it is now. To an extent, version 1.0 is the ornamental entablature that completes the construction. It overhauls the flight model, aerodynamics and heat simulation, bringing them closer in line with real-world physics. This simulation is the key to what makes KSP so compelling, and so it's fitting that its completion corresponds with the proper release.The other additions make for nice extras. There are new missions types, more ship parts, female Kerbal astronauts, revised graphical effects, and a new 'Engineer Report' panel that advises about obvious errors in a ship's construction. The tutorial has been expanded too, and—although it's unlikely to diminish how overwhelming KSP's first hours can be—it does a better job of teaching the fundamentals, and so arms you with the base knowledge necessary to learn from your own experiences and failings. In all, it's a solid update, but it doesn't really convey any sense of what it is that makes the game so good. To do that, you have to dive into the heart of Kerbal Space Program.Sandbox mode is the purest distillation of KSP's essence. In it, you have an unlimited budget and full access to the game's many ship parts. Step into the Vehicle Assembly Building and you're given a list of components. What do you want to do? Well, go into space, probably. How? Er, rockets. Oh, and an engine. There are multiple different parts in multiple different categories, but you can make a functional rocket with just a few basic bits. The Vehicle Assembly Building is a WYSIWYG modular editor that lets you easily add parts until they resemble something vaguely approximating a ship's shape. Click on a component and it appears as a ghostly outline that follows your mouse. Move it towards a previously placed part and it will snap into place. If you want to get really fancy, you can rotate and offset parts, or place multiple of the same piece symmetrically around the existing build.All done? OK, click on the launch button and your construction is moved to the launchpad. Now you're no longer the engineer, but the pilot. Your creation will wobble and shake, but, as long as you've adhered to basic symmetry, will usually stay standing. You gingerly press the spacebar to activate the launch sequence. What happens next will define which of a constantly expanding set of branching possibilities you'll be sent tumbling down. Did you accidentally activate your engine and parachute at the same time, causing your ship to spin wildly a few feet off the ground? Did you attach an engine with too little thrust, thus preventing your ship from making it even a few inches into the air? Did you forget to even fit a parachute, forcing you to watch helplessly as your astronaut suffers the inevitability of gravity? Did you successfully break out of the atmosphere?Whether it's success or failure, what happens during the launch arms you with new information about how to proceed. Fix the launch staging; add a bigger engine; add a parachute; add more fuel tanks in the hope of achieving stable orbit. With each launch, and each subsequent mistake, you're forced to re-evaluate and respond. You'll learn to add fairings to smooth the airflow, to use stability assists to dampen roll, to more effectively pilot through the first 70,000 meters in order to maximise fuel efficiency. Slowly, as you find pieces vital to solving whatever problem that you face, that overwhelming list of components starts to make sense.From there, the solar system is yours for the taking. Sandbox games are, by definition, without structure. Minecraft, for example, is ostensibly a survival game, but, beyond having to satisfy a few basic needs, offers no real progression in terms of mid-term goals. For some, that's the key draw; for others, a major weakness. Kerbal Space Program is—in sandbox mode, at least—similarly structureless. At the same time, it has a natural progression you can choose to follow. There's a moon, and then planets—each far enough away that visiting the next is a significant step up in difficulty. These are logical goals, but you aren't forced to pursue them. You could instead decide to become good at making space planes, for no other reason than that space planes are really hard to build.Persistence is a crucial part of KSP, and additional goals form out of past launches. Take my Mun landing as an example. Yes, it was a great achievement, but no, it wasn't wholly successful. Most would probably agree that one of the key steps in sending an astronaut to the moon is bringing him back home again. I didn't do that. He's still up there, waiting for me to launch a rescue mission. And if you think he has it bad, at least he's more comfortable than the astronaut of a previous mission. He's stuck in orbit around the moon. It was that or crash into the surface. If something goes wrong on a flight, you can always revert back to the moment of launch. Often, it's more fun to accept the mistake and deal with the consequences.Edit: I had a lot more to say, but ran out of room. Quick summary, there is also a 'campaign' where you start with small facilities and parts and gain progress through research, and take contracts to do missions. This is an awesom game if you love space."
,Recommended,220200,29723398,Posted: 5 February,all,tolko,Literally the best space exploration game avalible.
,Recommended,220200,14495261,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Private FML,"There's a bit of a learning curve at first but my god, it's full of stars."
,Recommended,220200,7748091,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Spynal Toad,"An excellent time killer. very difficult to master, but the journey to interplanetary travel sis just as fun as getting there. There will be many future updates from what I hear. so there's always going to be something new to discover!"
,Recommended,220200,27033448,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pyrohawk,"Kerbal Space Program is my absolute favourite game.This game probably won't teach you enough to land a job at NASA, but you will get a better grasp on a wide range of aerospace topics than you will by browsing wikipedia for hours.This game has had it's fair share of controversy in it's development process and may not be updated for a long time. But the game in it's current state is easily good enough for another 200 hours.With a great community and more mods than your average bogan's car, you will always find a mod that can change the way you play. I currently have 52 different mods installed that focus on things from procedural aeroplane and rocket parts to hundreds of different varieties of explosive ordnance.In closing, this game will teach you in-depth space flight mechanics, will give you hundreds of hours of fun and will keep you wildly entertained with it's great community and mod support.10/10 Couldn't recommend more(P.S. Use CKAN for easy mod installation)"
,Recommended,220200,6101251,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,That_Legend_Guy,This game. Is BEAUTIFUL.
,Recommended,220200,9735743,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Mr.Storm,amazing game for peaple who want to go into space
,Recommended,220200,23876121,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jeshikun,"This game is great, it has practically infinite replayability, and also appeals to an audience from newbies who just mess around to professionals who’ve crunched all the numbers. Also great modding community."
,Recommended,220200,8746682,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,"❤️if nero is a weeb, so am i","A very fun game. It's all about space exploration, building space stations and landing on celestial bodies. You can also cause massive explosions, but that's probably what you don't want. Buy it if you love space games, space media, or just space in general."
,Recommended,220200,9391257,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Leldy,"This is pure hilarity, I recommend this to everyone. Launching crap, crashing crap, modding crap, what more do want?★★★★★"
,Recommended,220200,24538469,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,FlyLy,Cool game! I love it :)
,Recommended,220200,32471854,Posted: 16 June,all,Flame 2512,"Ignore the negative reviews about Take-Two. They are just people upset about what may and most likely won't happen in the future.These fears are pretty irrelevant and should not be a reason to deter you from the game. If you are worried about the future of the game consider this. The game has no DRM and is portable meaning you can just create folder anywhere you want, copy the files from your main folder to there, and there you have it a version of KSP that you can run and Take-Two can never touch (not that I believe they will ruin it anyway).Now we have established that, is the game in its current form worth the asking price? In my opinion it absolutely is. When I purchased the game it had a fraction of the content it currently has and back then it was still considered by me (and most others) worth the asking price. KSP is simply an amzing game and has one of the best communities I have seen around any game.If you buy KSP now at worst you will receive an amazing game that you can backup and keep in its current form indefinably, keeping all current mods compatible; or in the more likely case, an amazing game that will receive years of future content and modding support."
,Recommended,220200,8775035,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,ScottyB,Amazing game. Been playing since the begining when there was only like two buildings. I love the direction the devs are taking this game and will be playing this for many years. Look at my screenshots if you want to see some of my ships. Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,220200,23436392,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Solar,"In this game you control every aspect of a space mission, from hiring your crew, to researching technologies, to designing your ship, to launching it into orbit, landing it on another planet (or moon), and safely returning your crew home.WARNING: THIS GAME IS VERY HARDIt is literally rocket science. You will have to learn all about rocket design, staging, and orbital mechanics in order to successfully send your kerbals to the mun and back. You will fail many times, usually resulting in spectacular explosions. But when you finally succeed, and your hours and hours of research, trial and error finally pay off, it is the most satisfying feeling of any video game I have ever played. When your kerbal steps out of the spaceship you designed and piloted, climbs down the ladder, plants the flag, and you look up to admire the beautiful view of kerbin from the mun, you suddenly feel that all those hours of frustration were worth it."
,Recommended,220200,3703594,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Totobro,"That game. At the time of this review, it's version 0.21, and it's already awesome.Start with your small ship, crash it, fix it, launch it again a little higher, crash it again, etc...until one point, you manage to put something on orbit. Then another. Then a bigger ship. Then a moon landing. Then a spatial station. Then an interplanetary satelite. Then a interplanetary landing. And sooo much more. It's small step by small step, but it's amazing, addictif, educatif...This game is great, i'll recomand it to anyone, any age."
,Recommended,220200,1752766,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Athywren,"Mün or bust!So I've got two astronauts trapped in orbit around Kerbin, slowly dying of madness and thirst as the realisation dawns that they are irredeemably trapped in the deep, dark above. A third hardy soul is barrelling around the Kerbal star, riding an ion engine with his sights set on the purple jewel known as Eve. He has no return contingency. He, too, is doomed to spend his final days among the stars, but it will be a good death.That said, perhaps I should have started my space program with unmanned missions, but mistakes cannot be unmade, at least not without starting a new game. There are always sacrifices in the pursuit of knowledge. They shall be remembered as the pioneers of a new age!Excelsior!!"
,Recommended,220200,7498898,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,danilon62,"An awesome game, worth every buck you pay for it.Drive a rover arround Mars, Build a spaceplane capable of reaching orbit, Land a probe on Eve, Build a giant space station arround Kerbin, Set a ground base on one of Jool's moons, its totally up to you, the posibilities are endlessA complete space simulator, with a bunch of things to be done or even discovered, after 800 hours played I still discover new stuff to test, and, as It is regularly updated, new stuff is always coming.The game comes along a huge comunity and plenty of mods that add newer experiences to the game.Definitelly a worth purchase if you've ever wondered how it feels to fly a real spaceship or crash at 300m/s against the groundPD:The kerbals do pack a punch, they will do anything for science sake!"
,Recommended,220200,8463175,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Col Kurtz,Quite a great game. Never gets old launching Kerbals into space and or just blowing them up.
,Recommended,220200,9296843,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,-Zod-,"Challenging, fun, and a great learning experience. KSP has allowed my imagination to soar with all of the possible creations!"
76561198028227466,Recommended,220200,29949433,Posted: 15 February,all,Antaro,"This is one of the best games (probably the best) I have ever played. The sense of accomplishment you have once you reach certain milestones (such as landing on the Mun) is something no other game has even get close.But this is certainly not a game for everybody.Do you like challenges? checkDo you like learning while playing? (seriously, you will learn astrodynamics) checkDo you like to feel like an ESA or NASA engineer? (I mean it, ESA and NASA engineers play this game!) checkDo you like having complete freedom to design your rockets and satellites *how they are meant to be*? checkDo you like having the highest sense of achievement a computer videogame can provide? checkDo you checked on all that? You are going to LOVE this game"
,Recommended,220200,35142504,Posted: 22 September,all,NaviFreak,"For a game about space, It's one about a Space Program. A good game, made by good people."
,Recommended,220200,28879576,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Beebo,This game is amazing if you love to create stuff blow it up and see little kerbals die
,Recommended,220200,35319161,Posted: 29 September,all,devyndamonster,"Kerbal Space Program is a one of the most breath-taking exploration games I've ever played. If you enjoy sanboxes, tycoons, or exploration, this game might be for you.PROS:-Ridiculuous amount of exploration-Large modding community-Easy and intuitive to build things-Very high skill ceiling (Bigger and more daring missions)CONS:-Can be unstable-Loading times with mods is horrenduous-Low performance on large craftOVERALL:This game scratches alot of itches for me. I really enjoyed building refueling stations peice by peice, and using them for future missions. If you have the time and patience to learn how to play then go for it!"
,Recommended,220200,34996447,Posted: 16 September,all,KliVer,worth every penny
76561198092136920,Recommended,220200,31829315,Posted: 18 May,all,hunterdog228,This game...goes beyond words and the atmosphere itself.
,Recommended,220200,12868554,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,✪ beachboyftw,pure awsome
76561198128501910,Recommended,220200,13492163,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dr. Chris Kerman PhD MD DDS,"This game has consumed my life. I have quit going to school, dumped my girlfriend, and havent left my house for weeks. That being said10/10 Would become hermit again"
,Recommended,220200,35135849,Posted: 22 September,all,sergeidart,"Welcome to your 100hrs adventure. You will construct rocket, you will piloting them and, most often, you will crash them. Less often you will land it to the ground in one piece. It is fun, isn't it?"
,Recommended,220200,35079751,Posted: 20 September,all,checker_guy,"What can I say, its a great game."
,Recommended,220200,35185535,Posted: 24 September,all,maybe.hello.world,"The most awesome way to learn rocket science at home :DBut be aware of hours, hours of explosions and PANIC! situations at the beginning"
,Recommended,220200,738349,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,[PKL] :3 Nichole ^.^ <3,Best sim ever.
,Recommended,220200,8030424,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Sgt. Potato,BUY THIS.
,Recommended,220200,30646533,Posted: 20 March,all,Paladeus,"Overall - Very silly and fun. However, first warning - Buy it on sale of at least $20 or less if possible. NOT worth the current $40 being asked for.Pro's:It's fun to build something just to see what happens and how far you can get them up there. Strap on a bunch of rockets, a few struts, then more rockets, about three layers high, then add a command seat for one very nervous Kerbal and you end up either having a fun time, or a barbecue. Either way, fun is had by all.Different modes of play allow you to try different things for the fun of it, including what amounts to creative mode.There's an inbuilt cheat mode, as well, I've recently learned. Look it up if you care. I'm not sure what it does beyond give money and ... maybe science points? o.O'Cons:So, first thing to know. Increasing the speed of play during launch or at any point really during a launch and flight, will actually cause physics to go wonky when they otherwise wouldn't.Figuring out how to make and control the more advanced builds have been difficult for me. Tutorials gave a touch of aid, but not enough to really be helpful.Overall: 7/10 - Mainly due to difficulty and lack of tutorials that really give decent data. Still fun to build random things and see if you can crash into a moon or the run.-Paladeus"
,Recommended,220200,12851785,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Everwinter,Great game. You can learn a ton about how a space program actually works and have tons of fun at the same time. Very good for EA as well. The modding community is great and you can really enhance your gameplay with tons of fun parts and programs. Definitely a game to get if you're interested in space at all.
,Recommended,220200,10051493,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,.Idaeus.,"A really great game ! In you want to increase exponentially your knowledge in orbital/space physics in a fun way, this game is for you ! The developpers are adding regularly new features which is great."
,Recommended,220200,23906724,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lexington44,Much better than a real job!
76561198164282919,Recommended,220200,35321953,Posted: 29 September,all,Xlackn,No other space games can beat this simulator. You got everything you asked for except N-Body problem. Just one step of RealSolarSystem mod install and its become a real hard Space Simulator. JFK was right. Shame that he got assassinated.Who said video games never get very educational?
76561198040922991,Recommended,220200,14028548,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,MayhemMurphy,"This game is HARD, but awesome!For a beta its already very playable, i cant wait for the full Version!"
,Recommended,220200,8057159,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Sir Wafflez,"First of all, once you start playing it, you can't stop! It is incredibally engaging, and it teaches you about rockets and orbits and docking and interplanetary voyages and problem solving and crashing into things. There is so much more to this game than can be shown in trailers, you will just have to play it to find out!"
76561198090538255,Recommended,220200,10866700,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TheKnightWhoSays Ni,DARN GOOD ROCKET SIM! plus the only game that has done early access right so you can allways expect new content.
,Recommended,220200,13532058,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,A very angry Harrison Ford,Explosion simulator
,Recommended,220200,10205882,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Lil Paracetamol,I've had so much fun with this game. Because of it being a sandbox game the possibilities are close to endless but this isn't any sandbox game this is a space based sandbox game you can travel to other planets you can orbit the Earth (Kerbin) or you can go to the moon (mun) and make a moon base that has rovers.You don't have to be skilled to play this game you just need to know the basics like staging and how to build a rocket once you know all of the basics you're set then you can have endless hours of fun with this game.10/10 would crash into the mun again.
,Recommended,220200,9761113,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,MaChOMaNuGGeT^,Just epic
,Recommended,220200,10045018,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,c@sper,the best space simulation game that i have played.
,Recommended,220200,9706227,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,tamgod,im rick grimes i like space
76561197993339440,Recommended,220200,9676973,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,DevilDawn,"Great. Just great. Perfect ingredients: Sandbox or Career play (where career is still a lot of sandbox, with limited options), a weird world, and !!!SCIENCE!!!.You don't need to be a rocket scientist to play this, but you probably want to/will learn a sh*tton about physics while playing.Highly recommended. And this is for v0.23. What will we have with 1.00? O_o"
,Recommended,220200,18136974,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Acellus,"This is a sandox game. It will take many hours of fooling around with all the various parts at you disposal to even reach space. But in that time you will experience the joys of success and the terror of failure. And when you finally land on the moon and your feeling so good about your skills the game does an excellent job of shooting you hopes right into the ground. Because well you are now on the moon with your favorite kerbal and you forgot to take enough fuel with you for a return trip, hes stuck there and you have to plan a new mission. This is a great game that lets you be the storyteller, and thats where Kerbal Space Program succeeds. Whether your doing things the right way or the not so right way, theres never a wrong way to play in this sandbox."
,Recommended,220200,30416394,Posted: 9 March,all,Savage Sloth,"This game is addictive and fun. I love the physics, characters, and just space in general. There is not only building rockets, (which is cool enough) but building planes too. And the mods are awesome as well. I'd give it a 9/10. One thing I would like is a steam workshop though. I also love enabling the cheats. Which is ALT F12 if you didn't know. Overall a great game."
,Recommended,220200,8037520,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Jr. Kiwi,Great time killer
,Recommended,220200,8788952,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Majestic killer chicken,"this... is... a ... MASTERPEICE! this is perfect well with the kraken bugs and to me the most common the satan kraken but whatever a 10/10 because the fun thing is the eatster eggs like temple,monolith,KSC2,mystery island, etc and that is why it is a masterpeice and sohuld be made more populat"
76561198138358206,Recommended,220200,12353985,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Phuck Phace,I sure do love watching my rockets rapidly disassemble themselves.  10/10
76561198043567542,Recommended,220200,8640626,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,HIGH GROUND,"Freakin' awesome game, have hours of fun and endless possibilities!"
,Recommended,220200,7988217,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,LA,"Kerbal has allowed me to live out the fantasy of traveling into outer space, by desiging, building, flying, landing and often totally destroying my custom rockets.  This game has captured some part of my soul, and even taught me a few things about how spaceflight actually works.The learning curve is punishing and many Kerbals will die, but the clever engineer will be rewarded with spectatular accomplishments in outer space.  There really isn't a way to describe how awesome it feels to finally figure out how to land Kerbals, probes and vehicles on other worlds.  Or make a space station.  Or fly a custom build plane into orbit.Kerbal is literally a ""dream come true"" game for me.  If you are smart and patient, you will love this."
76561198119520975,Recommended,220200,8790995,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Helix Fossil,"Blowing stuff up is the essense of the game. As you get better you will blow less stuff up and realize there is a whole other part to the game other then destroying, killing and maiming those poor creatures that put way too much trust in us all."
,Recommended,220200,8012662,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,M05final,If your looking at reviews then i'm puzzled why.
,Recommended,220200,11539983,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Feebal,Love this game. Taught me more about space travel than any lesson at school :)
76561198073741796,Recommended,220200,8611740,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,eric,very awesome. to the max
76561198040085364,Recommended,220200,15645461,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,pillt,"“Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every ""superstar,"" every ""supreme leader,"" every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there-on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena. Think of the endless cruelties visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel on the scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner, how frequent their misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their hatreds. Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot.Our posturings, our imagined self-importance, the delusion that we have some privileged position in the Universe, are challenged by this point of pale light. Our planet is a lonely speck in the great enveloping cosmic dark. In our obscurity, in all this vastness, there is no hint that help will come from elsewhere to save us from ourselves.The Earth is the only world known so far to harbor life. There is nowhere else, at least in the near future, to which our species could migrate. Visit, yes. Settle, not yet. Like it or not, for the moment the Earth is where we make our stand.It has been said that astronomy is a humbling and character-building experience. There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world. To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known.”- Carl Sagan"
,Recommended,220200,15713074,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,papeti,"Some while ago I played the game pirated (sorry developers), when I knew it finally reached 1.0 I went and bought it. Seriously, one of the most awesome games ever. Can you explode plantes (using glitches, of course) in any other game? I GUESS NOT!"
,Recommended,220200,15717140,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Ricardo,"Been with this game before it was published on Steam. This game should come with a warning: Bad for your sleep, social and carrier life."
,Recommended,220200,16742980,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Jåzzy,"This game is for those who once looked up to the great wide-open of space and longed to be among the stars. It's also for people who enjoy learning about orbital mechanics and areodynamics in a very do-or-die way.If you do purchase this game, don't be afraid to look at guides. Math is not required for this game, but it helps with planning. Don't start in sandbox mode, you'll be overwhelmed by the options at first. Play career or science mode, or try out the tutorials."
,Recommended,220200,15586190,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,KroQ,"If you are interested in space travel, you probably already have it.If you don't - you should - its a 10/10.I highly recommend this to any Gamedesigner, who wants to see how to make super addictive, and super fun game, that is also immensly educational."
76561198055773235,Recommended,220200,15596150,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,theguyunderyourbed,What's there to say? There is no standard by which to judge this trailblazer. It's a unique experience and educational to boot. The beggining may be hard but once you finally manage to land on the Mun for the first time you'll know what this game is about.
,Recommended,220200,15586867,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,manölo_manölo,"the easiest way to become a forum aerospace engineer,probably my new favorite game, just buy it now, i know you want to.9,80665/10[EDIT]ATTENTION: HAVE A STRONG KEYBOARD OR YOU GONNA BREAK IT (yeah i ♥♥♥♥ed up my keyboard playing this, rage lvl up to 9000, still playing and loving it <3)"
,Recommended,220200,8025743,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Liquid,Pick it up Durrrrrrrrddddeeeee'
76561198140433216,Recommended,220200,23880663,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,hiby14 the medic main  ⌐□_□,love it and the kerbels are so cute :3
,Recommended,220200,7434322,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,lil bibby,"Extremely educational video game that doesnt promote violence, i highly recommend it. u can make ur own space program and it inspires you to do good in school so you can work in mission control and not kill your future astronauts"
76561198062696802,Recommended,220200,12479911,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,SpookMech,"Such a wonderful game, filled with explosions and rockets, cash and sometimes hilarious glitches, and more explosions. And occasionally logic just goes out the window, sometimes you can land a kerbal on his head while falling from outer space...and live.Who needs logic anyway?"
,Recommended,220200,8596755,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,RED,KSP is one of my all time favorites.  Defiantly would recommend anyone who enjoys messing around building crazy ships.
,Recommended,220200,7782940,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Bentech,This is by far the best game i own. It allows you to create a rocket and get to space!
76561198059600641,Recommended,220200,8127703,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Seaplane,this is a truly great game for creative thinkers
76561197972175120,Recommended,220200,12407516,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,SHWINGALINGALINGA,"Unique, challenging, beautiful - both visually & aurally, and definitely fun. A love of space, exploration, challenges, and/or games that will be almost impossible to complete is a prerequisite of course."
76561198072700725,Recommended,220200,6698032,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Darkseid,You send little adorable Kerbal people in the rockets you build into SPAAAAAAAAACE! It is still a work in progress but still a great game!9/10
,Recommended,220200,61717,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Sujieun🥇,SUPER ACTION PACK GAMING IN SPACE!Buy it A+!
76561198048261122,Recommended,220200,9025886,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Overkill Is Underrated,This was the best game i have ever bought and the modding scene is greatBTW check out scott manley
,Recommended,220200,13887632,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Bob Ross,I doubt I'll ever see my family again...
,Recommended,220200,32468395,Posted: 16 June,all,SpicyStegosaurus,Take-Two better not ruin my favourite simulator.
76561198133975792,Recommended,220200,32445584,Posted: 15 June,all,Medicinal,Look at all the neagtive reviews about somthing that hasnt happened to this game all based off GTA 5 like who cares they are completely different games drop it. Dont listen to these people read the reviews who actually review the game. Its an amazing game big learning curve so be ready but very rewarding when you do acomplish your goal  i love this game will continue playing this game for a long time regardless of what these complainers wanna make it look like. Good Luck and Have fun....remember not to let the people who havent played 10 hours to tell you how the game is
,Recommended,220200,15585113,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,succcc,"Now in 1.0, one of best simulations out there! Worth buying it!"
,Recommended,220200,30064572,Posted: 20 February,all,Waspus,"This game is literal rocket science. Do not expect it to be easy, but do expect it to be rewarding.Much better with Real Solar System and Realism Overhaul."
,Recommended,220200,10481543,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Janus,"This game is perfect for learning about space flight and physical concepts. If any of this interests you (or if you want to teach your kids), get this game and build some rockets. You will most likely crash and burn but you will learn from it and it's a lot of fun.If you're having trouble reaching orbit or the moons or any other target, check out Scott Manley's Youtube channel. He has many comprehensive videos for all skill levels."
,Recommended,220200,32562665,Posted: 19 June,all,Frompo,"they look, finally, qfter 50 hours I got a rover on the moon, now to move it forward and gather science. god damn it, the rover flipped over10/10"
,Recommended,220200,8288013,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Trent,this game helps me cope with my autism and severe social anxiety
76561198013233338,Recommended,220200,9225726,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,msfvenom,"Kerbal Space Program....More like Endless Fun Program! If you like to build, test, observe, re-build, then grab your hard-hat and engineering degree (metaphorically speaking) and download Kerbal Space Program.Campaign and creative modes each allowing you to fulfill the exciting task of exploring outer space. Developers release regular updates which include interface updates as well as new parts to install on your spacecraft. There are lots of mods to install as well to tailor your KSP experience.One point to note is that the tutorial mode does a fair job in explaining the basics of spacecraft design, however, it does not explain what all of the parts do. New players may be at a loss as to what some of the parts are used for, thus forcing them to go searching for explanations on these parts."
,Recommended,220200,9233919,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,MedievalMatt,This game is definitely well worth the purchase.... I have eaily gotten $120 in value out of this title.
,Recommended,220200,32895871,Posted: 27 June,all,SoddenlyMoist,I think they should make every NASA engineer play this game before hiring them.
,Recommended,220200,32592517,Posted: 20 June,all,The Knight of The Abyss,"KSP is awesome and great, but i hate the fact people are giving this game a bad rep over another game, Take-2 only care about gta5 not KSP, nothing has happened yet with this game so leave your negativity on gta5 not here, your slandering this game when nothing is going to happen to it. the only reason gta5 lost its mod privelages is because some idiot got the idea to modify openIV and use it to cheat in multiplayer. That has nothing to do with this game, so leave this game alone and stop ruining it reputation. maybe you should find out who modified the openIV mod and ruin his reputation instead for causing this on you.with regards to that THIS IS A GREAT GAME, It shall always be a great game, nothing can change that and mod support will always be a thing for it, so buy it and play it"
,Recommended,220200,27289473,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Beck,It teaches orbital mechanics better than my teacher in uni
,Recommended,220200,13817284,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,YellowThunder ♛,Explosion simulator10/10 should buy
,Recommended,220200,25170319,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Breadfish,Because of this game I nailed the astrophysics section of my GCSE exam and ended up with an A*. Enough said.
76561198082344489,Recommended,220200,7741451,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Mefutaku,"Really good sandbox game with endless fun. There is always something to do in this game and plenty of easy to install mods when you fell like playing with something new. I strongly reccomend buying this game, pluss its still in development so there is alot to look forward to with this aswell!"
,Recommended,220200,32491486,Posted: 16 June,all,EncryptedXing,"You better watch out, Take-Two may withdraw mod support for this game."
76561198015362468,Recommended,220200,8952467,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,The Welsh Wizard,tried to fly to moon. ship exploded halfway there. jebidah still in orbit around earth. 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,220200,8952223,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Roo,Makes my genitals wiggle.
76561198034342548,Recommended,220200,23563903,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,TimeWizud,Really fun trial and error game. You will learn science and enjoy it. Buy now.
,Recommended,220200,23543860,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,PeterbuiltWorks,You like to learn the science of space? Kerbal Space Program is the only game you will ever need!
,Recommended,220200,23590163,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Jeris777,"The realism of this game's orbital mechanics is sound, yet it's somewhat easy to get into orbit. Plus, some of the mods add extra helpful content. Well worth the price, given what one can create in this game!"
76561198153467069,Recommended,220200,25239207,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Otter165,What more can I say? It's lit.
76561198081146107,Recommended,220200,16990701,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Am dønn,<3
,Recommended,220200,19360135,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,twitch.tv/MaveIsCool,"The game is absolutely amazing. You truly create your very own content, set goals and go farther and farther. The possibilities are endless. Would recommend 10/10!"
76561198064518642,Recommended,220200,19400974,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,RoboSenpai,I spent my entire thanksgiving break trying to build a rocket that could go into orbit. I still can't do it. 10/10
,Recommended,220200,18241906,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,401,"A wonderful spaceflight simulation game with accurate physics. Makes you appreciate the challenges NASA's team went through in the 1960s to send a man to the moon. Remember, they didn't have revert flight."
,Recommended,220200,24007871,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MOM,Its a historically accurate representation of the USSR's efforts to get to the moon
,Recommended,220200,31477354,Posted: 30 April,all,OmegaZeta,"Good Game, a bit hard. I haven't gotten past the mun yet."
76561198050299466,Recommended,220200,25518293,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,The Roadstar,"If you know your semi-major axis from your ascending node, this is the game for you. If you don't, but would like to learn, this is also the game for you."
,Recommended,220200,7771844,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Supreme_Sander,Do what NASA can't do and go into space! 10/10
,Recommended,220200,34679459,Posted: 2 September,all,efebarut,moar reasons to hate Take2Why did take2 interactive buy this game? Its amazing with mods! Now they can kill it like GTA 5!i actually dont care about GTAV.
,Recommended,220200,34722285,Posted: 3 September,all,OneEyedJack,"This game will make you feel smart.Then this game will make you feel like a tiny weenie dummy.This game will make you feel like a champion of the cosmos.This game will eat your lunch, and walk out of your mother's room in the morning.Buy this game, because it's cheaper than paying a madam for the same experience."
,Recommended,220200,30342821,Posted: 5 March,all,Filip,"It's one of those ""games"" which are more than games."
,Recommended,220200,15614704,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,terminalinsanity,"Simply put: one of the best games ever made.After playing KSP, if you ever find yourself in posession of a real life spaceship, you'll know how to fly it."
,Recommended,220200,9496449,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Killer Kadoogan,"Fun to fail, rewarding to succeed. I play this with my daughter and she has just as much fun watching our rockets crash, as I do landing on another planet."
,Recommended,220200,16646749,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,๖Aeralius🐾 エ ア ラ,"this is a damn good game, its addicting."
,Recommended,220200,19877199,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Raven,"I built a rocket that went into orbit and then landed again where it took off.  Just a little faster than the SpaceX rocket.  Okay, a lot faster.  Okay, there is a giant crater and we need to hire more Kerbals.  On to the Mk XV rocket!"
,Recommended,220200,18114158,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Supermuskox,"Ok, just a quick review for this game. You build rockets. Find out you can use cheats. Destroy everything with Whack-A-kerbal (great name btw Squad). Try for Duna. Try to land on a gas giant but explode because physics. Download mods to do more stuff. And have more fun with Hyperedit and Whack-A-Kerbal at the end. Why not give it a try? It's not always about being NASA serious!"
,Recommended,220200,32603402,Posted: 20 June,all,AleXandrYuZ,The game is great BUT please don't let Take-Two mess with the mods please!
,Recommended,220200,29946774,Posted: 15 February,all,Dυєlρωη,"Kerbal Space Program, Its not like its rocket science !..........No wait..........Thats exactly what it is"
,Recommended,220200,29948389,Posted: 15 February,all,Pc.Ayers,"Great game, simple yet complicated."
,Recommended,220200,4015297,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,jungle.james,"Develop jet, rocket, and ion crafts capable of executing missions of your own design. From suborbital trajectories to interplanetary wayfaring, Kerbal Space Program gratifies and fulfills your latent and unsatiated nerd fantasy of a ""space opera"" sensibility."
76561198048062720,Recommended,220200,8025216,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Doshin,This is one my all time favorite games and it is fun to explore the Kerbol SOI.
,Recommended,220200,23329561,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ProstetnicJeltz,"Cool game. Vanilla is fun, but science grinding in career gets dull after a while.One of about 3 games made in Unity that I actually like.Has some system flaws: basically it loads EVERYTHING  into RAM during the startup meaning it can take a looongggg time. I\'m running realism overhaul + real solar system + a couple more mods and it takes 25 minutes to start up. That said, to go all console peasant and justify this, the load time commits me to the game so when I get frustrated (every time) I just try again until it works.To date that strategy isn\'t working, I\'ve tried 25 times to put a simple satellite into orbit, and failed every single time. Tons of fun though."
76561198080960606,Recommended,220200,15581823,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Apepi,This game is amazing.A big pile of Lego parts you get to try and assemble and fly!
,Recommended,220200,15582592,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,eastenwolf,one of the best gamees i own
,Recommended,220200,9713590,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,๖Vɪɴʏʟ™ ✓,Amazing game with endless possibilities when you look at how active the modding community is
,Recommended,220200,20542634,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Finny Malay BR,"Theres a starman waiting in the sky he'd like to come and meet us but he thinks he'd blow our minds, theres a starman waiting in the sky he's told us not to blow it 'cause he knows it's all worthwhile he told me let the children lose it let the children use it and all the children boogy, theres a starman waiting in the sky he'd like to come and meet us but he thinks he'd blow our minds. So why not meet him ourselves instead? well you can in this game!One of my all time favourite games. 200 hours in with more to learn and achieve although finally i've succesfully landed on Laythe which was one of my first ever goals. while the start is slow because you dont have much of a clue of what you are doing pay attention to the tutorials and things will start to make sense faster and honestly i miss the feeling ksp gave me when i had no idea what i was doing and of what was possible. the only thing that this game really lacks is proper optimisation because the game only utilises 1 cpu core and only a few GB of memory but that will hopefully be improved quite a lot with 1.1 i hear.Also brilliant mod support, the game can be expanded on with hundreds of hours of content thanks to the highly active modding community!"
76561198008262122,Recommended,220200,20738605,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Doc J,1 word to describe this game.....AWESOME!!!!!!
76561198163712980,Recommended,220200,26247661,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,LTRCQLA,"Well, it has been a few weeks now. My wife has left me, my landlord is banging on my door, and my family is calling to see if I am still alive.  But, I have learned to make space stations, I have satellites prepping for a mining operation, and I plan to explore deep space.  So, that is nice.This game is amazing and sucks so much time without you noticing.  Very rewarding process."
76561198030969612,Recommended,220200,19952002,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Phaize,"Let's just say I didn't think I would spend as much time as I have on this game when I bought it. You might think ""how is this game fun?"", but once you start playing it, you'll understand. It's ridiculously addicting figuring out why your rocket flipped out in the first minute of flight. Or just trying to deliver ""one more module"" to your space station before you call it a night.First off, I recommend career mode to start. This is the best addition this game has had in my opinion. I personally love having goals in a game and this provides it, since you start off with very few parts and simples missions. In a way, career mode it loosely teaches you how to build better and better rockets as you unlock more parts.A side effect of playing this game is you will have a vastly improved understanding of orbital mechanics and how space flight even works. It's also fun to get your friends to try and play it and watch them crash their rockets!"
,Recommended,220200,30613800,Posted: 19 March,all,LinuxViki,"You may see that Number up there... 822 (i think) Hours of Gamplay. And I have not been at Jool or Eeloo yet (these are the farthest Planets). And I am not bored either. Do you know why? BECOARSE THIS GAME IS AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It simulates Physiks quite well, has a great YT- and Forum- (and Reddit- and modding-, the list goes on and on) Community. It never gets bored*, even without random generation stuff. One of the Best video games after Minecraft or Mario 64. A true Masterpiece. Not to mention the free updates and cool DLCs from Squad. Or the Awsome Mods by the Community that are by far the best Mods ever. And this Review is quiete long, why have you read to this point? Why didnt you already Buy it? It hase an good Fun/Money ratio of 1$=654 Hours of Gamplay.(Hint: Yes, this Review is positive)"
,Recommended,220200,9967394,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Sievers,"I don't think I've ever put as much thought into any game as I do for Kerbal Space Program. It's certainly not without its flaws, as an early access game that is to be expected, but for such a complicated subject such as rocket science to be as amazingly accessible as it is with this game... it truly is remarkable.If you look at the stars and ponder the universe, give this a try. Just don't let all of the explosions and fireballs of doom get you down, there is definitely a certain finesse that takes time to cultivate."
76561198126894823,Recommended,220200,27899908,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,plexman24,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
76561198263926402,Recommended,220200,32455947,Posted: 15 June,all,guitarman152,"Right, firstly take no notice what so ever of the recent reduction to 'very positive' on the review rating. That's because KSP was just bought by a new company (you will probably see about it in other reviews) and everybodies giving poor reviews based on speculations about what this company may or may not do in the future...Now to point. KSPdoes notdeserve this mark down. I personally think it is the best game I have ever bought!Yes it is £30. I avoided it for far too long because of this. Then I tried the demo, granted it was uber outdated but I knew that and was hooked anyway. It's not available at the time of writing due to maintanace. I assume the devs are updateing it to be closer to the current state. However, I have gotten much more than my money's worth. 111hrs at the moment and rising doesn't include the countless hours loooking at tutorials, researching calculations, planning, learning more of the real world physics. If you let it the scope of enjoyment can be huge!The graphics, whilst not next gen, are pleasant (imho) and with mods beautiful. Yet, you can still run KSP solidly on a toaster like mine.The gameplay is fun, varied and involving. You can play away to your hearts content. You can build your craft for hours with precision, you can fly your creations around the kerbol system ventureing to many different planets and moons. And you can forget something and watch the fireworks before redesigning to eliminate the fault.But, what if I want to fly around but can't stand building? You can download others awesome ships from the forums to fly if you wish. Or inversly make your own ships and let others fly them.There's plenty to do here. Ingame world acheivements keep you busy (ie makeing it into space or getting into orbit of a certain planet for the first time), as well as ingame contract missions (for money profit and science!!) or your own set goals.On top of all this it can be hilarious watching your little kerbals bounce down a hill on Minmus (Kerbin's (Earth) second tiny moon) ragdolling in the low gravity.Oh yeah, and you dont just have to build rockets, planes are available. Or go further and make a 'spaceplane'!Plus the modding community is huge, active and awesome! And can add hours to your playtime.If you love physics, you'll love KSP. If you love space sandboxes, you'll love KSP. If you love flight sims, you'll love KSP.The learning curve is steep. But not insurmountable.KSP doesn't deserve this down marking due to politics around which compant owns it. It is a solid, engaging and imensly fun game... Do yourself a favour and get it, you'll see what I mean.Edit: Just seen it's on sale for £14.99. If you like the sound of KSP or are teetering on the edge this is an insane bargin. Just buy it now!!"
,Recommended,220200,27834979,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Airbus,"After my tour where I had learnt more about space, spacecrafts and everything about it, I decided to play this game again. Space is awesome, beautiful and exciting. You can't explain all things which happen with you during discovering the space. I advise you to learn a bit about this interesting place with a lot of secrets."
,Recommended,220200,32473957,Posted: 16 June,all,Kapoopoo,"ALL YOU FU***** WHO SAY TAKE TWO WILL RUIN THIS GAME, GO WATCH MATT LOWNE'S VIDEO YOU GIANT COLOSSAL UR♥♥♥♥♥♥. ANYONE WHO IS INTERESTED DON'T LET THESE TAKE TWO UR♥♥♥♥♥♥ CORRUPT YOUR THOUGHT. SQUAD ALREADY SAID DLC WILL BE FREE ESPECIALLY THE NEXT ONE AND KSP IS FAR DIFFERENT TO GTA YOU COLOSSAL UR♥♥♥♥♥♥. HOW ARE YOU GOING TO PAY TO WIN IN THIS BLOODY GREAT GAME ANYWAY."
76561198180175127,Recommended,220200,20158699,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Crystal Mace,"This may be the most fun I've ever had at my computer.....or my various console game machines...or in front of a coin-op cabinet game...or even much of anything else!   I was born a few months before Sputnik touched off the space race....and astronaut was at least near the top of every child's ""what I wanna be"" list.  It was number one on mine!  The magic of this game for me is it connects with that child who never achieved that pinnacle of human endeavor, but unlike other science fiction games that center around aliens and space battles,  this one recreates what we were actually doing in space, and lets me put all those children's books on how we were going to get into space to work.  I must admit it tickles me  to be able to outperform players who grew up in the post George Lucas gaming world who don't always grasp that space ships do not perform like jet fighter planes.....and why should they?  It may be centuries before we run into a hostile alien force....if in fact we ever do. As for me, the sheer joy and wonder of putting a space craft in orbit and looking down on the beautiful world below far outshines the number of enemy craft I've blown to space dust with my plama bolts or anti-matter missiles, or particle beams. There are mods that let you turn space int a war zone  if you must...meanwhile.I'll be on board the space station 'Evening Star', learning things from orbit that the groundhogs never guessed, and plotting the best course for Duna Discovery Fleet One."
,Recommended,220200,21676761,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Eclipse,"The learning curve is very, VERY, steep but once you learn the game, your launching gigantic spaceplanes to Eeloo so you can build an enourmous base and colonize the entire planet."
76561197971825130,Recommended,220200,19202669,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Haapy,"An amazing game. I've logged so many hours in this one. The reward/investment ratio is practically infinite.Do rocket science by trial and error, or crunch the numbers and design the perfect system. Build a space station, create a lunar colony, fly to other planets and science them.On top of the vanilla game, it supports some serious modding abilities. There are tons of mods already out there - from silly to game-altering.Even tho the game is released, the developers have continued updated the systems with good, meaningful improvements.I have no reservations about recommending this game."
76561197972399053,Recommended,220200,35009232,Posted: 16 September,all,[HkD] LEON,"Its insanely good.I wanted to hate it, or at least find it boring and dislike it.I cant.Stop reading and go buy it, or put it in your wishlist.You aren't saving the world - just escaping from it.Its funny, genuine, straight forward, thoughtful, and all together brilliantly executed."
,Recommended,220200,20532945,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,InfiniteChicken,"Kay. From beginning to end. My short experience of Kerbal happened as follows:1- Didnt play tutorial thinking ""I got dis""2- Built a space ship with as many boosters as I could (its was max size)3- Put my entire available crew inside4- Launched ship5- Spent 2 hours crashing6- Wait........ they die???????Very enjoyable time killing Kerbals :D10/10 would crash again"
,Recommended,220200,22987429,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Kristian,"A really fun sandbox game that can appeal to anyone regardless of their knowledge of orbital mechanics. The game has a steep learning curve, however learning from your mistakes is one of the most enjoyable parts - getting out of the atmosphere, into orbit, and eventually onto landing on the Mun/Minmus. The game is accompanied alongside a massive modding community to further enhance your experience both visually and through gameplay. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone with an interest in space or in sandbox related games, or just someone who likes to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up"
,Recommended,220200,15592200,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Filthy Casual,why do you not own this game yet EVERYONE should it's the best you can see my play time :) just buy it mate
,Recommended,220200,15923762,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,wertacus,Great learning game. Incredibly fun once you get into the swing of interplanetary travel.
,Recommended,220200,15592172,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Xeneo,One of the best games I have ever played! There are allways places to go and rockets to build! Definitely recommend it!
76561198040225079,Recommended,220200,15395551,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,craig:),one of the best games ever for pc
,Recommended,220200,13439615,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Endalaner,Нужно больше Апогея.
,Recommended,220200,25963104,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,old gondola,Play this.
,Recommended,220200,13081163,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,G.H.A.Z.I,"""must have"" ""nothing like"" ""u may not want it, But u need it""if they only add multiplayer9.7/10"
,Recommended,220200,15582923,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Hajew Boii,Would crash into the mün again. -13/10
,Recommended,220200,32478252,Posted: 16 June,all,Choppah,"Don't be fooled by the sudden drop in rating. KSP is still one of the best games in the past decade. People are dumb and believe Take Two is going to stomp on modders like they did to GTA5. It hasn't happened... yet. Don't let one of the best games of all time slip away from you because of an uncertain future. Its 9/10 as is, 11/10 with mods, and no DRM to get in the way. Buy it, download it, backup a copy (literally copy the whole folder to another drive), enjoy it forever."
,Recommended,220200,15626037,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,FreedomJunki,"""Conquering Space Was Never This Easy"" Bull**** it just got harder! 10/10 will relive Jebediah death over and over again!"
,Recommended,220200,30544522,Posted: 16 March,all,Javajav,1. CTRL+ALT+F122. Try to fly into sun3. fail4. try to reach speed of light5. fail6. leave game for 2 weeks7. try again
,Recommended,220200,8024035,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Captain A I won't say his name,Do you like killing innocent little green men? Then this game is like a XCOM choose your fate game.
,Recommended,220200,8025194,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,ƒrggr,Buy this game!
,Recommended,220200,3189760,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,HawkeAssault,"Great game.The only limit is your imagination. ( and your FPS)It's hard at first, but some tutorials help and you'll understand the game in no time.Keep flying Kerbalnaughts!"
,Recommended,220200,28874562,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bitheral,"Very fun once you start to explore the other planets/moons! Definatly recommend if you just love space!UPDATE: Very amazing once you get to hard to reach orbits, such as Eeloo! I managed to get to Duna after 550~ hours worth of exploding kerbals."
76561198017323701,Recommended,220200,10645275,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jean LePanda,Best space games ever! Just don't get too emotionally attached to your crew. They don't deserve it anyway.
76561198003928324,Recommended,220200,19787214,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Perfektshun,I couldn't figure this game out till my roommate helped me because he has a degree in aerospace engineering. Great game.
,Recommended,220200,14497537,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,{FOX} FiddleF ™,"THE PHYSICS! OH GOD!Honestly, the physics in this game are top notch. The amount of effort, calculation, etc. that was put into this game is beyond fathomable. The developers of this game were obviously ex.NASA Scientists who were fired for their rediculous flight plans."
,Recommended,220200,6114158,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Molin,Lots of fun
76561198141241517,Recommended,220200,13629574,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TheIronWithin,LOADS of FUN! the little Kirbal people are my favourite part of the game. all their funny faces while you blast them into space! Great Buy! Tons of time spent in the sandbox!
,Recommended,220200,8000464,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,DogeAF,"This game is just epic, I can´t actually imagine how awesome it will be when it´s finished."
76561198006839050,Recommended,220200,8018343,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,KernFern13,I started this game back in .16 and i have enjoyed it every time i play. who couldnt enjoy watching this go completly wrong?
,Recommended,220200,8023967,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Dragovire,i am enjoying this game it grabs you from the very start. designing your first rocket with those basic parts to space planes and watching with glory as your rocket hurtles into space then dread when you realise you forgot to add a parachute for reentry. Kerbal makes you design a good space ship then look at it again and think to yourself i can do better than that!
,Recommended,220200,8025126,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Stigsonic,"Pretty hard, but super fun."
76561198175702953,Recommended,220200,22522987,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Jackson Frank,"i love the game its sooooo fun!!! i could play this game all day. the only thing i think would be a good idea to add is a steam work shop so it is no so hard to install mods, but that is all i wanted to say."
76561197994525376,Recommended,220200,23294625,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Ratya,"An excellent game about designing and flying rockets. Some of the metagame stuff is a little rough around the edges, but the core gameplay is a rock solid, challenging blast (pun absolutely intended)"
76561198161550209,Recommended,220200,23283941,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,zangelton,After tyhe first ten hours of learning how to play the game it turned out to be really fun
,Recommended,220200,2456302,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,Douglas_G,"Exploration, construction, flight, and laughs is what this game has to offer.Explore the planet you are on with a rover, make a rocket to deliver a payload to another planet or space station, or construct a space station. Build your vehicle for exploration and hope it withstands the acceleration, gravity, and atmospheric forces stressing it.Laugh at the faces the Kerbals make as they hit the ground at 1000m/s and survive to bounce once.Also, there are a wide variety of addons to expand your experience and enjoyment including but not limited to; more detailed information, different parts, tools to help make tasks easier or even do some tasks for you, and resource mining.This is one of the most difficult games to learn I have ever played, and while still bare-bones compared to what it will be, one of my favorites. You can spend hours trying to complete just one objective, trying to put yourself in a circular orbit or dock your first piece to a space station, and remain entertained the whole time."
,Recommended,220200,10401072,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Typical,Best game ever..
76561198101909466,Recommended,220200,8666205,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,GreenWolf7,"This is an amazing game. It brings fun and physics in one package. You can build countless rockets from the wide variety of items and can do anything you want! Its also a challenge to try and get to other planets. If you don't have it, try the Demo! The Demo only features a few items but those items are enough to get you to the Mun-and addicted to the game."
76561198020358893,Recommended,220200,8524730,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,cdnfish,This game is just too much fun...
,Recommended,220200,10418483,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Penguin44,epic game it is a must get
,Recommended,220200,8187077,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,newguy714,I love this game. I can't get enough time to play it.
76561198084321745,Recommended,220200,10423265,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Mix,"This game has the biggest learning curve I have ever encountered in a game. Hours upon hours have been wasted trying to build the perfect rocket, and time after time they fail.However, once you finally land on the Mun without any help, and completely on your own for the first time... that's one of the greatest feelings of accomplishment you will ever get out of a game. This might be my favorite game in my entire library."
,Recommended,220200,10427145,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Elements,"Really fun game, had hours of fun, as soon as multiplayer is implemented it will be 10/10"
76561198076783414,Recommended,220200,9511953,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,xToXiicUnIC0Rnx,"Simply great sandbox game! Its hard at first not knowing how things work and the tutorials don't help much either but if you watch a few youtube videos about it you'll start to get a understanding. Anyways this game feeds you with ambition, first you feel like ""I WANT TO GO TO THE MUN!"", then you start saying ""I WANT TO GO TO PLANET EVE!"". It just simply pulls all your creativity and ambition into a little space program with little green dudes."
,Recommended,220200,9569116,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Impasico,Aero/astronautics simulation worth hours of game play.
76561198103341187,Recommended,220200,9597741,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Whale Oil Beef Hooked,"If you are one who enjoys space and space ships, as well as crashing said space ships then Kerbal Space Program is for YOU!It all starts on the planet Kerbin, with its population of ""science""-hungry Kerbals, all at your disposal so you can build Kerbin's Best..First....Only..hopefully successful space program!! With a massive amount of parts and billions of configurations you can really make anything! KSP also has an amazing modding community adding tons more amazing additions to the game so it never gets old. And best of all KSP is still in development with much more official content still to come, including parts, space program facilities and more planets to traverse and discover.Currently there is a sandbox mode with unlimited EVERYTHING all from the START and fairly basic career mode which uses tech trees to unlock parts as you progress your space program and make great scientific discoveries.Building a rocket and sending it to space or to another planet successfully can prove to be extremely difficult and will often take a great amount of attempts before success. It is rocket science after all :) However after you get the hang of building, launching, maneuvering and docking the rockets you will begin to see the unlimited potential of the kerbal space program. You can build a colony on duna (mars) or the mun (moon), get melted away by the sun, build huge space stations, ships and drive cars on the moon, possibilities are endless! And not to mention the uniqely named army of kerbal astronaughts at your disposal led by the great, Jebediah Kerman.KSP is, without a doubt the greatest space game of all time!Great Discoveries Do Not Come Without Consequences, Find Below, A List Of Those Who Gave Their Lives For Science.~In Memory Of~Gregsted KermanMilfrey KermanLardorf KermanMilwig KermanJilroy KermanLordon KermanJodfrey KermanBobdous KermanHudley KermanWobly KermanHermot KermanAlbob KermanLandorf KermanDean KermanMilroy KermanMumbly KermanHebly KermanRegfred KermanBobly KermanStevo KermanMumbob KermanFirly KermanRonnley KermanBarbo KermanLando KermanJobob KermanWilgob KermanBobsted KermanBean KermanWilman Kerman~And countless others who gave their lives for ""science""~"
,Recommended,220200,9609886,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Guyman,"This game utilizes advanced physics engines, and it makes an area as vast as the solar system a playable enviornment. The career mode is a fun ""sandbox campaign,"" as you have to advance progressively, but still have the freedom to do anything. This game is still in 0.2something, and is full of features, with multiplayer coming soon. Endless possibilities with this game."
76561198069406515,Recommended,220200,10181703,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Matt,Greatest Simulator Evah!
,Recommended,220200,8443260,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,guiloma,"Best Game Ever. Although as engineer i miss some technical features, it has everything needed to provide the ""space program"" experience. You may go to the moon, of course, but you will have to develop suborbital flights, orbital flights and rendevouz first. Just ""like"" ( it's still a game) real life, no matter how green kerbals are."
,Recommended,220200,10713583,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Erendrake,This game has taken over my life for the last 18 months. I think as an engineering game i havent found another game that has the bang for buck that KSP has. They have a free demo and a huge suite of mods available that make this game endless.
76561198128397863,Recommended,220200,10739118,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,gallihand,Fun and challenging. If you like building things and figuring out how things work you should enjoy this. I only wish it would come with a built in MechJeb (a mod) for some common things like launching.
,Recommended,220200,9111788,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,kenso,"Where can I even start? If you love space at all, or if you have ever dreamed of being an astronaut.. Kerbal Space Program will make you feel like a kid again.Not just because ""DAMN, ROCKETS!"" but because, going to space is hard.Real hard.Don't be surprised if you fly straight up, then fall right back down to where you started, except travelling hundreds of meters per second and afflicted by a condition which some doctors call ""being actively engulfed in flames.""Once you get a feel for the game and a good understanding of how the mechanics work.. I cannot think of a single more satisfying game on the marketplace. This game is a work of art and a thing of beauty that will tickle your brains in the most pleasing ways.Oh yeah, and NASA is releasing a mission pack. The very people who brought you such hits as ""Haha, Neils crying again"" and ""You call that a race?"", are now bringing you your very own asteroid wrangling mission. Which they're actually doing, like, in real life. I guess they're bored of throwing robots at planets and living up to their title of ""Job with coolest sound effects.""The one draw back of this game though.. I can no longer think of orbital mechanics without becoming sexually aroused. It's not really a problem, because who has that conversation every day? But.. seriously..."
,Recommended,220200,10026472,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,meatfryer,Amazing. The graphics look great and it's a blast trying explore and make it back. Maybe I should quit my job so I can play this full time.
76561198081948047,Recommended,220200,10044696,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,karst,"awesome game, spent many many hours on it, and if vanilla is not good enough, it is incredibly simple to mod this game. definetely recommend."
,Recommended,220200,10047972,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Blacksmith,"Fantasico! Everyone should own this because it is engaging, eductaional, and badass."
76561198060852189,Recommended,220200,10049181,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Novice Scout User,"I have spent a lot of time on this game. Was it worth it? OH GOD ♥♥♥♥NG YES. If you are not sure about buying this game, do it. Not only is it WILDLY fun, but you learn a lot! At first the game may seem confusing, but it's great. Get it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,220200,9494930,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Ponto 2.25,"This game is wonderful. Once you understand what you are doing you can easily sink hours into this game after getting one of your Kerbins stuck on the Mun from an unsuccessful landing haha. On youtube Scott Manley has some amazing tutorials and videos on the basics and the more advanced things in KSP that will really help you enjoy the fullness of this Space Sandbox,"
,Recommended,220200,10183243,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Lenin the WowSicle,"Have you ever wanted a game that you would want to play at all times and to invest multiple man hours for the sheer awesomeness and satisfaction of what you accomplished? If so, Kerbal Space Program is the game for you. With various planets, moons and even asteriods, you will never have something not to do in Kerbal Space Program. But a fair warning, Kerbal Space Program is not for some Point and Shoot type gamers. As a matter of fact this game embraces the opposite in its very code. Some missions taking five minutes to complete and some taking many hours to finish, Kerbal Space Program is guaranteed to through you a curveball whenever the game seems to become standard. Even though I am personally awful at Kerbal Space Program, I can not stop playing. It is a game that has become near and dear to my heart only because it is a game that wants to care about your missions and enjoy your time. Created by a team that wont quit I find Squad to be my favorite publisher. Unlike some publishers that don't give a damn about any game or anybody. (*cough cough* EA) Otherwise Squad is quick to see to complaints and fixes, and also has a spot in my heart just for being one of the greater teams out of the rest. But remember for a fun challenge that you will grow to care about, buy Kerbal Space Program. It is worth any price currently on the market!"
76561198067721589,Recommended,220200,10700600,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,cardiacman,"So many levels of fun if you love rockets, explosions and physics. Great Mod community. 10/10 would send jeb to the mun."
76561198140309979,Recommended,220200,10694961,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Soulfox,"It may take a while to get into orbit, but man is this a fun game! The possibilities are never ending, and There's just so much to do! Those mean the same thing, don't they?... Well ANYWHO, this is a fantastic game, and the Kerbals are adorably stupid."
,Recommended,220200,10718433,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wickett3458,Awesome game
,Recommended,220200,10706935,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,daniel,Amazing game.
76561197999982988,Recommended,220200,10710366,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nighthawk,Simply brilliant!
76561198068403679,Recommended,220200,10718430,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AfroMocha,Favorite game i've ever purchased. Highly recommeneded.
76561197972946868,Recommended,220200,10599770,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Herbalistic,"Great game, keeps you interested, waiting to see what they add next."
76561197993721521,Recommended,220200,10588441,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Shinjinrui,Who knew learning about space flight could be so much fun?  10/10.  Lots of replayability and variation.
76561198108060644,Recommended,220200,10568541,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Spenceley,Great game! hard to get used to but really good game.
76561198062529975,Recommended,220200,10569780,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,citizenkain101,By far the most challenging and addicting sim I have ever encountered. More fun than a barrel of Kerbles
76561198047169104,Recommended,220200,10590625,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Nateistonto,its pretty dope
,Recommended,220200,9098047,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,mike013,"As others have said before this is a terrific sandbox game, that lets you play nasa and lets you do anything you want within the limits of the laws of physics.You can just have a good laugh shooting kerbals into suborbit and letting them crash down or you can approach it scientific by orbiting compleet bases like the iss or refueling bases. You can then launch a two step rocket: first into orbit and dock at your previously launched station, refuel there and then continu your journey to other planets in the solar system.Also with the release of 0.23 it isn't just sandbox only anymore. The career function is now live too, albeit under construction, but you can gather science points by doing experiments with which you can unlock newer parts etc.According to the devs update 0.24 will release contracts so you can become a sort of spacex company by launching satellites  into orbit for cash.When this game will be fully released it will be the most extensive space sim in it's class and can be fun for both casual players as for hardcore gamers who do their own calculations as to how much fuel they need and so on.One last thing: Did i mention mods?? KSP already has a really active modding community with tons of extra parts and fly ready spacecrafts. Also some of them add the capability of mining resources from other planets for that extra level of depth."
76561198054015901,Recommended,220200,9104209,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,hewench,"Overall Game Score 9/10Its hard to pull away from Kerbal for long enough to review it. Its that damn good. Even as an Alpha it is a very solid game. It runs stabilly with modest system requirments. For those that have yet to play it, kerbal space program is a space program simulator. You are tasked with looking towards the heavens and creating a vessel to get you there. From small probes to large interplanetary cruisors everything is at your fingertips with this games solid vehicle assembly building. It doesn't take very long to realize just how difficult it is to build a workable spaceship. The challenge and the joy of exploring the games solar system will have you blowing yourself up hundreds of times building the consistancy of launches, orbits and landings. I can't throw my money at this game fast enough.As a side note but an important one, I work at a public school in vermont that wished to use KSP for lessons in rocketry. I contacted the game developers and was surprised by how personable and great they were at meeting our needs. I'm sure they lost money on the many free subscriptions they gave us but it showed how great they were as people. Squad is a great company with a good business model, long story short they desearve your dollar in more ways than one."
76561198009308264,Recommended,220200,9107411,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Sanctyis,The most awesome space program ever
76561197999918739,Recommended,220200,9111174,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Andystarscream,hoplessley addicted!
,Recommended,220200,9130361,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Tactical-hamburger,"Game has a steep learning curve, but once you get over that its ridiculously fun. To anyone who loves physics based games, or just likes to mess around in sandbox mode, this game is for you"
76561198042865103,Recommended,220200,9275314,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,baileykaf,kerbal space program is thebomb.com(:
,Recommended,220200,9301236,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Bing Bang BOOM,Once you get the hang of it...its so much fun!
,Recommended,220200,9047551,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Sciencekidster,Lots of fun.
,Recommended,220200,9636692,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Δ Master Delta Chief Δ,"Kerbal Space Program. The title says it already, it's about space and exploration. It's a very good space simulator I ever played at the moment. The game isn't yet on it's full release, there's still some work to do. But at the moment, the game runs fine apart from some glitches and bugs. There are mods, plugins and some addons for this game. You can find them on the link in-game or just google spaceport KSP.Gameplay: 8.5/10Graphics: 7.5/10Price: 8/10Overall: 8.5/10So, this game is actually for people that likes space and sc-fi genre."
,Recommended,220200,9639689,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,SpacemanMitch,"This game is beyond amazing. It does have a sizable learning curve (nobody ever gets into orbit on their first try), but once you get the hang of it (and you will, given you have enough patience), it's dangerously addicting. There's just so much to do in this game that you'll never run out of things to do. Even if, by some rediculously low chance, you get bored with the game or run out of things to do, there's a massive mod community that can in some cases outshine the vanilla game itself. There's 14 celestial bodies to land on (not counting the sun [kerbol], kerbin [home planet], or jool [gas giant with no tangible surface]), ranging in difficulty from the captured asteroid moon of gilly (the gravity is so low that your EVA jet pack can get you not only to orbit, but ALL THE WAY BACK TO KERBIN), to the massive purple planet of Eve (its pea-soup thick atmosphere and crushing gravity make getting to orbit from sea level a challenge that seperates the space tourist casuals from the highly skilled elite veterans). You can launch into orbit, build space stations, visit other worlds, build bases, even escape the grasp of the sun and go interstellar. Your imagination (and to some extent, your patience) are quite literally your only limits in this game."
,Recommended,220200,9677834,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Dan | Essentials.TF,KSP: Kerbals + Rockets= Explosions. 5 stars.
,Recommended,220200,9688890,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,nimro,SPAAAAAACE!
76561198040562254,Recommended,220200,9701692,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,weaponx1994,yes lots of fun needs more misstions and updates
,Recommended,220200,9703958,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,grampa Wilbur,bestest
,Recommended,220200,9719648,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,GRockGames,"Oh, this game.  Where do I begin?Okay, let's start with the fact that this game is still under development, so while the game is awesome as it is, it can only get better from here.I remember when I bought Kerbal Space Program.  I had just seen a playthrough of it on Markiplier's YouTube channel back when he was under 600K subs.  This game looked so dang fun that I just couldn't not pick it up and play it.That was before I bought the game.......I got sucked into this game so much that for the first weeks, I couldn't set it down.  While on YouTube, most people usually put a ship on the Mun (The moon of Kerbin, the home planet of the Kerbals for which the game was named.  Yeah, those little green guys are called Kerbals) and then call it good and never really move on.  There is so much more to this game.  So let's begin with its gameplayGAMEPLAY:I'm going to say this right off the bat, this is not a Scribblenauts-style draw a cute little rocket ship and then it blasts off into space.  No, in Kerbal Space Program, you better have a space worthy, stable, powerful spacecraft, or you will crash and burn quick.  Structural integrity, engine heat, weight and thrust distribution all play into how successful your spacecraft will be.  Another major point is that, realistically and in KSP, Spaceships don't just go through hyperspace or go in any sort of straight line to other places.  You have to do this yourself.  This may sound complicated, but the next point is the learning curve.LEARNING CURVE:While the above may sound strikingly complex, it really isn't.  The tutorials for this game are fantastic, and if they aren't enough, there are plenty of beginner videos out there (The best are by Scott Manley on YouTube, whose sexy scottish voice leads you through the ins and outs of building a space-worthy ship).  From starting with a cockpit, parachute, and a solid rocket booster, to making twenty stage rocket ships to blast off to the furthest reaches of the solar system, this game is meant to be taken very slowly, so be patient and the rewards will come to you.  Not to mention the maneuver node system is the most useful thing on the planet.STORY:Who needs a story when little green men jump around 30 feet on the moon?  I think there's no need for such a thing.CONCLUSION:This game is an absolute necessity to complete any gamer's library.  It really is the only game of its kind, and no one should be afraid to pick this game up and give it a try.  You will fail, a lot.  I know I did.  But be patient, take the game slowly, and eventually you'll be landing on Eve without even trying.This game is absolutely worth the price it has, even in development.  Go and buy it.  Why are you reading this?  I have no idea what you're doing here, you should be playing this game."
,Recommended,220200,9719901,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Neoprofin,"I want to be clear, I am absolutely terrible at this game and it in no way affects my enjoyment.I can barely get a ship out of the atmosphere some nights and I certainly can't accomplish all the wonderful complex things people seem to be doing on the internet. It's worth it though. The first time you put a manned modual in orbit around the planet and take your Kerbalnaut out on a space walk as the sun comes over the horizon there's just an incredible sense of calm. It makes me imagine the views of real astronauts staring down at the Earth as it slowly spins by.Also, failure is just as exciting as success. Watching your rocket develop a slight wobble that becomes a spin that becomes a 1000 mph explosive projectile hurtling into space is worth the price of the game. Imagine desperately jettesing your second stage rockets because they're imbalanced and then reaching outerspace only to realize you won't have enough rocket power  to complete your mission. Watch helplessly as three brave souls drift slowly out into space, alone and out of control."
,Recommended,220200,9738453,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Watzit,My favourite game at the moment and one I can see myself playing well into the future. As a physics student I love the mechanics and am suitibly ashamed by the amounts of crashed rockets I've had... Pretty sure I should know better.Amazing game. Definite buy.
76561197978338455,Recommended,220200,9751882,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,SzefKotłowni,Excellent game. Very addicting. The best part is that it is not finished - so there'll be more.On the other hand graphics could be a bit more AAA'ish. Now it is OK.
76561198129462586,Recommended,220200,9760930,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Mr.Grey,"Kerbal Space Program is by far one of the most fun games I own. Its a great purchase, if you're thinking about buying it stop thinking about it and DO IT!"
,Recommended,220200,9778751,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,AfroSenpai,"Love this game, its like a spiritual step up from a flight simulator. Designing the launch stages, putting things in orbit and failing at landing on the Mun is always fun - but docking.... Don't try docking, it's too ****ing hard."
,Recommended,220200,9799410,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Lumber Zach,"This game is so damn addictive. If you like hours of mindless fun, this game is for you. You will never be able to do everything there is to do in this game because the game is always updating and having new things added to it. 9/10, a must have for anyone who enjoys creative sandbox games, games that require lots of creativity, and explosions to make even failed creations awesome! :)"
,Recommended,220200,9192404,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,espartanlast1,BUY
76561197992383831,Recommended,220200,9211176,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Handsome Devil,very fun game that makes you think. the physics and setup is fun and challenging
,Recommended,220200,9213388,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Mason00g,I love this game!
76561198014396584,Recommended,220200,9223691,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,GTMax69,"One of the most entertaining games I've ever played. Building, then launching rockets/space planes, never seems to get old. Looking for something new, sim type, then give KSP a shot. Awesome community, tons of mods availible, and though Squad claims the game is incomplete, KSP certaininly plays like a finished project. Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,220200,9231279,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,SwamiJesus,"Fly little green men into space. If you succeed, you're smart. If you don't, you were just having a good time anyways.10/10"
,Recommended,220200,9234364,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Strumpor,SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198048275895,Recommended,220200,8315569,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ScruffytheJanitor,"Completely worth the time I've spent laying it, really fun."
,Recommended,220200,8325026,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ThoraniosX,"Good game, very fun."
76561198038691940,Recommended,220200,8326279,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,HunterKiller150,"One of the best games i have ever played, great for just being bored to a day with friends"
,Recommended,220200,8340675,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,M0rtal1ty,Dikke dikke♥♥♥♥♥♥kopen ouwe
76561197970010445,Recommended,220200,8345188,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rickles,"Good clean fun, well worth the price of admission"
76561198085007297,Recommended,220200,8353324,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,shortstop1320,It is simply AMAZING!!!!
,Recommended,220200,8361441,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Navoan,"I've played KSP on and off for nearly 100 hours, crowning achievement was probably getting to Minis (Kerbin's 2nd moon) and back with some science.  The game is simply awesome.  The devs care a lot about what they are doing and that can easily be seen in-game with the quality of the physics to the list of things still to do.  Multiplayer on the way as well as a proper resource system... It is simply a great game in the making.Highly recommend KSP."
,Recommended,220200,8362887,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Doomgull,"There was an old game for the NES called ""Orbiter"", and mimicked NASA's orbiter missions. Was challenging to a small child, but rather fun, if repetitive.This is that game, if you could build your own orbiters, launch monstrous rockets for giggles, and bounce little green men off the surface of planets when you screw up your landing burns (assuming you don't have one of the mods that makes then burn up on re-entry for screwing up your re-entry).Rather realistic adhesion to physics, for the most part."
,Recommended,220200,8369250,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Taters,"Do you like lego? Do you like using your own imagination to solve problems? KSP is the minecraft of space. There's no greater feeling than assembling a rocket,only to explode gloriously on the launchpadand getting into orbit or landing on the mun. Like all sandbox games, this game will provide many, many hours of entertainment. Not to mention the scores of mods to enhance the game further. Buy this now!"
,Recommended,220200,8371350,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Pinsl,rockez how do they work
76561198053963499,Recommended,220200,8375422,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,popcreeper,EPIC GAME.
,Recommended,220200,6708426,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Ser Jamesy Lannister,I have no idea what I am doing.
76561198041896053,Recommended,220200,4791843,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Fobia,It's addicting lol
,Recommended,220200,8041842,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,[WGP]Sarge ©,"Who likes Games like Civilization or else, MUST Like Kerbals !!!"
76561197978281296,Recommended,220200,8042035,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,GoopyMaple,"This game, while mildly infuriating at times, is a fantastic creative adventure."
76561197970578211,Recommended,220200,8042360,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Xenothor,"I think I can safely call Kerbal Space Program my favorite single player game of all time. There is a learning curve, as this is after all rocket science, but for me the learnig process was fun, and I've learned more about orbital mechanics and rocketry from playing this game then I would have ever thought. This game is not for everybody. There is nothing to shoot, there are no missions or goals, other than the ones you plan for yourself, and a significant time investment is required to accomplish anything significant, so more casual gamers should beware.In KSP you can design, build, and launch rockets, space probes, satelites, rovers, space stations, and space planes, in your efforts to explore the Kerbal solar system. Evey planet presents it own challenges, and failure will happen again and again, but when you are successful it's very rewarding, and every success will serve to inspire you toward planning missions of greater ambition. For me the failures were never frustrating, but just part of the fun. For anyone with an interest in simulations or space exploration, this game is a must!"
,Recommended,220200,8046806,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,OO-WEE,its a glorius sight when you actually create a working inter-planetary rocket land on a planet far far away from home.A small taste even just a tint of what you can do in this game. BUY IT- Emmsi900 2013-14-12
76561197960379850,Recommended,220200,8048814,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Bash,"Fantastic game.  Each patch makes the game better, the dev blog is informative and funny.  It's just one of those games that you can't wait to get better and better."
,Recommended,220200,8055595,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,foh,"Kerbal Space Program is a great example of an amazing game, still in development. It already is a fantastic game. Surely better than that COD: Ghosts sh*t."
,Recommended,220200,8056288,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Tweakjones,So much Space!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,220200,8187900,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Arctic Phoenix,This game took my life away.
76561198006221630,Recommended,220200,8188624,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Arkangel,good game
,Recommended,220200,8192295,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,endless.,"Stop reading this, just buy the game and make SCIENCE."
,Recommended,220200,8193261,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Odi,"As an graduate Space Engineering student, I am wondering why am I spending my free time on building rockets. Well, it is quite fun and I love to built stuff which is not really possible to in the real world. However the game captures the mechanics and principles of space flight quite well. Expect sometime to learn orbital mechanics and rocket theory.All in all an awesome game!"
,Recommended,220200,8201527,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sniper3080p,"This is most definitely Rocket Science. BUILD, LAUNCH, EXPLODE!!! Seriously, get this game.My score: 8.5/10 (This game is a work in progress though. My score will get higher as it improves.)"
,Recommended,220200,8204752,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,oOBulletsponge,"This game... the fun, the frustration, and the challange it offers makes it a 1,000/10 in my book. If you love science/astronomy,  you will love this game."
,Recommended,220200,8207527,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,luuk2305,"Upvote for visibility.Just kidding, but really. This game is awesome. It does everything you can do in space and makes it 10x more fun. With cute green aliens, lots of mods, and pretty low price, it's worth it."
76561198067478199,Recommended,220200,8215806,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Defectiveparachutes,"The only game i can think of that actually lets you create your own ships. Make a mun base? Why not. Create a smoothie shop on Duna, uhhh, sure why not? Suffocate to death on a gas plane....oh just buy the frigging game already!"
76561197985665523,Recommended,220200,8226872,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jolly,"Rockets, explosions, kerbals, whats not too love?"
76561197976694632,Recommended,220200,8236426,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jerahl,"I love this game so much. After the .23 update it really feels like a full game, rather than just a rocket science sandbox. It was fun then and its even funner now."
76561197973787547,Recommended,220200,8258988,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Bouhatsu,"This game is so beautifully done that it is impossible to overstate its accomplishments. Its development is being handled masterfully with updates and information released in a timely manner, and its gameplay is so immersive and compelling that not purchasing this title instantly worsens your steam library.If you enjoy fun games where you can be creative and experiment with a realistic physics model, or if you hold even a passing interest in space exploration, then this game demands a spot in your collection.I have over 300 hours on this game and it's still in alpha. I cannot fathom how fun this game will be when they complete it."
,Recommended,220200,8259026,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Nickolax,Truely an addicting game. It is a good example of the early access game model working. It is fun to play now and will be fun to play when it is complete.
,Recommended,220200,8022810,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,MrAlibabaa,BUY IT! YOU WILL NOT REGRET!
76561198021650932,Recommended,220200,8023166,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,dave!yognaut,A very good game in its current state even in beta. Though it has quite a high learning curve and is not for people that dont want to put some time into learning how the game works. It also has quite a large modding community which upons the base content 10fold.
76561198049067108,Recommended,220200,8023663,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Officer Owl,"Fun game, pretty hard though, but because of the difficulty, its like your actully launching a 100 metric ton rocket into space, and beyond!"
76561198024988466,Recommended,220200,8024249,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Peter Graves,Too cool. Well worth the money.
76561198061076175,Recommended,220200,8024750,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,NicholasM4,STEAM SALE?! BUY IT! DONT THINK ABOUT IT! BUY IT!
,Recommended,220200,8029891,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,AAAlexander,A must-have game.
,Recommended,220200,8030846,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Aminity,Simply kerbtastic!
76561197999032280,Recommended,220200,8030980,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Rybo22,kerbal kerbal..~ love it
,Recommended,220200,10856101,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,XenoJade,"A very faithful simulation of physics outside of the atmosphere with an amazing modding community. If you can get over the steep learning curve and find your own goals in a non-complete career mode so far, this game is a fine purchase even if you were to ignore the early access point on this game! If Squad were to end their development now ((I hope they wouldn't and I would be sure people would be mad)), I myself would still feel happy with my purchase."
,Recommended,220200,10883413,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ZL1SH,Freaking sweet as long as your ADD doesn't get the better of you.
,Recommended,220200,11182495,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,-=Link=-,"Really fun game, I've spent hour after hour designing rockets, launching them, failing to get out of the atmosphere and killing kerbals in spectacular sized explosions. The modding community is pretty strong with this game too, so you can find all sorts of mods to really beef up the content. Overall, I'd rate this 9/10 at the current time, merely down by 1 due to the occasional crash."
,Recommended,220200,10958478,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Breakfast,To the mun! Addicting game with a fairly steep learning curve. Watch online videos to get caught up quickly!
,Recommended,220200,11070342,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,arcadekid,NASA with green people
76561198109612756,Recommended,220200,10894923,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,veryinky,"A fun game that teaches the basics of spaceflight.Core gameplay mechanics are assembling a spaceship out of available parts (crew pod, fuel tank, engine), piloting it to orbit and presumably either returning to the planet Kerbin or exploring distant moons or planets. Very useful for learning about the basics of orbital mechanics and the difficulties of space travel.Current version, 0.23.5 inclutes the framework of a ""career mode"" where the player has to perform science experiments to gain access to more advanced parts.One of the main draws to this game is the community modding support, where everything from cold war russian rocket engines to current private space enterprise to theoretical future science parts have been made. Mods also include gameplay changes such as mapping satellites, missions and contracts, communication networks and even functioning GPS satellites. If you want something changed in the game there's probably a mod for it.Game requires a lot of optimization and is not very stable on lower end computers or when running many mods. But then it's Early Access."
76561198089621910,Recommended,220200,10972023,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,tsukihi,an awesome game! if you like space and designing/building rockets and planes well this is the game for you!10/10 will send another kerbal to interstellar space again!
76561198025065572,Recommended,220200,10974509,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Narvin,"they say that science is a matter of trial and error, in this case thats only the begining"
,Recommended,220200,11193847,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,strawhatguy,"It is rare that a game makes you more aware of what the actual thing is like, but Kerbel is one of those games.Not to say it's perfect, some of the models (aerodynamics) are (so far) rudimentary, but this game captures the wonder of space flight, and grants you a new respect for the astronauts that dared to do this for real.  Not only that, but it does it with it's own charm and humor that's incredibly endearing.Great game!"
76561198106483305,Recommended,220200,9966280,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,PapaWombat,"Kerbal Space Program is a physics game. That's a term that has been roundly abused and misrepresented, however. Does a mug on a desk fly off when you shoot it? Physics! Does your character fall down stairs like a ragdoll? Physics! Can you twang circular birds at pigs hiding in rickety wooden structures? Yay! Physics! As far as games are concerned, ""physics"" is now basically shorthand for ""stuff that moves kind of realistically"".So let's start over. Kerbal Space Program is a physics game, in the textbook sense of the word. An actual literal textbook, full of real science. This is a game in which you'll need to understand not only an object's centre of gravity, but its centre of thrust. It's a game where you need to know what periapsis and apoapsis mean, and where you'll need to understand orbital eccentricity and inclination.It's also a game about gormless, wide-eyed cartoon characters who want to be astronauts.This contrast between goofy cartoon and hardcore science is what gives Kerbal Space Program its distinctive flavour; a game that demands serious thought but is never less than hilariously charming. Though the means by which you achieve it are challenging, the ultimate goal is very simple. You need to help the Kerbals, inhabitants of the planet Kerbin, to reach outer space and land on the Mün and the planets beyond.At its most basic, the game is a construction sandbox in which you put together various rocket pieces before testing them on the launchpad, with a hapless Kerbal strapped inside. Adorable as they are - a sort of cross between the Rabbids and Despicable Me's Minions - it's best not to get too attached. Let's just say this is a job with a high staff turnover.Even with a high body count, it's fun to muck about with the different bits and pieces, putting together fuel tanks, boosters, command capsules, fins, wings and all sorts of sticky-out bits, before watching the whole caboodle spiral to a graceful yet fiery end. Slowly but surely, you start to work out what's needed to not only get the thing pointing the right way, but also burn long enough and fast enough to escape Kerbin's gravitational pull. And that's when the game gets really interesting.There are three gameplay phases, in essence. The tinkering design stage, the launch and flight phase where you'll need to master roll, pitch and yaw to keep your rocket stable, and then the not insignificant question of navigating space itself. That's when you need to know how to use the periapsis and apoapsis of your orbit to change course, but thankfully the game comes with friendly, no-nonsense tutorials that somehow make the theory perfectly accessible. Putting that theory into practice is no mean feat, but at least you'll have a broad grasp on the Newtonian forces you're playing with.And it's only once you're in space that you appreciate just how detailed the game really is. That cartoonish exterior is deceptive. The controls are thankfully kept to a minimum, but every button tap matters. If you've seen Gravity you'll know how even small changes can result in massive errors, and Kerbal Space Program doesn't shy away from that. Finding the right trajectory, calculating the correct amount of fuel burn, these are the exact same skills that kept the Apollo astronauts alive. It's no wonder that NASA itself just announced that it's collaborating with the developer on a mission pack for the game. That's how true to life it is.The game won't dazzle you with its looks, with a graphical style that is functional rather than pretty, but those cute Kerbals inject enough personality to compensate. In a particularly delightful (and ever so slightly ghoulish) touch, you get a little windowed view of your would-be astronauts as they hurtle into the void. Even if they come crashing back down or wind up floating forever in the inky blackness, their wide-eyed faces and daft grins never falter. You'll laugh, and feel like a monster for doing so.Kerbal Space Program has been in development since 2011, and has constantly evolved from that moment on. Indeed, Squad, the studio behind the game, informs us that ""we don't consider KSP to be in Alpha nor Beta. Each update has its own alpha and beta as we originally had no idea when we'd stop development and lead developer Felipe Falanghe wanted to make sure each update could stand on its own as a final version of KSP.""In its most recent updates, that has meant the addition of a long-awaited Career Mode, which adds a more recognisably game-shaped challenge to the game. Whereas in the Sandbox Mode every rocket part is available to play around with, when playing a Career game you must research and earn every new gadget or mechanism. It makes an already daunting game even more demanding, but the payoffs are worth it. Experiments can be carried out in space, while permanent bases can be built and maintained on other worlds, all pouring Science currency back to your headquarters from where you can plot your next foray into the cosmos.It's a real onion of a game, where each successful step forward is hard-earned but reveals a whole new layer of gameplay underneath. The developer's desire to ensure that each new update stand on its own means that at every stage, it feels like a complete and satisfying experience. It's a truly hardcore simulation, but one that is endearingly approachable and eager to get you grappling with the nuts and bolts of space flight.Price and availabilityWindows, Linux, MacSteam: £19.99Direct from developer: $27""The game is currently under heavy development and is in Sandbox Complete state.""Kerbal Space Program lacks the immediate pick-up-and-play appeal of Minecraft, but it's one of the few games since Mojang's masterpiece to offer that same combination of boundless possibility and dizzying depth. All this, and it's only on update v0.23. The thought of where it might be when it reaches the lofty peak of v1.0 is staggering.It is, already, the sort of game you could play for 100 hours without exhausting its potential and yet, even when you're pootling around with doomed-to-fail contraptions, taking the most basic introductory steps, it's never less than charming, engrossing and entertaining. That you can go from such humble beginnings to explore an entire realistically crafted solar system is nothing short of remarkable. Strap yourself in. It's going to be a long and wonderful ride."
,Recommended,220200,1977620,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Kazairl,Unlike anything else out there.  Rockets are fun even when they go wrong.  This game will make you realise that space science is both more accessible and more complex than you thought.  An instant classic.
76561197985427813,Recommended,220200,10611388,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cimex,"Very good game!If you are interested in space and science, not afraid to learn a thing or two and not get frustrated after your nth rocket blows up in your face buy it.Keep in mind that for now the ""career mode"" is still rather sandboxy with the exception of science.Still this game kept me awake for hours. I won't get into much more detail, since tons of other reviews already covered that, I will only add, that the community for this game is great.You will get help almost immediatly if you have problems with any particular task you set yourself (and you only set tasks for yourself, no ""missions"" here), and there are tons of mods."
76561198069407417,Recommended,220200,10106707,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Bengletiger,Just do yourself a favor and buy this game.
76561198088023917,Recommended,220200,9726856,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Windblade User,awesome sandbox with vast amout of potential and hard learning curve
76561198057684496,Recommended,220200,6035587,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Starmen,круто очень нозатягивает не надолго
76561198027684788,Recommended,220200,11843856,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,cpmiv,Great complexity and configuration.  Just need a few refinements with the spaceflight portion.
,Recommended,220200,273545,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Mep,Ever wanted to have your own space program? Now you can.
76561198083594288,Recommended,220200,9684996,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,INHUMAN REACTIONS,"KSP, an astonishing game with great gameplay and a large open world where you can explore planets. You can make rockets with pretty much millions of combinations. Unleash your creativity! And just let them all out. Go to other planets and explore them! Or... For an alternative way of ""fun"" you could.... SMASH your rockets to pieces and pieces!! Make a rocket with crazy combinations and try to get to the Moon. Is the rocket too heavy? No problemo! Just add extra thrusters and BOOM!! To the Outer space you'll go. In this game... You're the engineer...10/10"
76561197972077416,Recommended,220200,8694612,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Spoony Pizzas,"Simply brilliant!Highly addictive... the hours just disappear!To enjoy this game to the max, don't look at online guides, use the in-game guide... first try and get off the ground, then reach space... then you'll think reaching the moon is impossible... when you reach that stage you'll probably end up reading how to do it properly! :)I'm still trying to toy with reaching another planet having recently landed on the moon (40hrs).  It took me 20 hours to build something capable of orbiting what we call ""Earth"" (can't remember the name of it right now :)).Very few games make you feel things these days... but everytime you accomplish something, you want to show or tell someone about it!  Even my non-gaming family enjoyed watching the scary moments of bobbling to a landing on the moon!  Hair raising! :)"
76561197966965150,Recommended,220200,8697038,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Bob!,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220200,8708444,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,ytypo123,Great casual game. Definitely need to watch scott manly play this game. Mods are also very good if you can run it. Mechjeb is very handy.
,Recommended,220200,10352533,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,BilboSwaggins,"Definitely one of my favorite steam games! A good combination of creativity, trial and eror, and comedy.-After six ears orbiting the Sun, I was finally able to rescue the fated prophet of Kerbin, Jebediah Kermin. 11/10"
,Recommended,220200,10801065,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,HippieHeadShot,"Something so simple was never this complex. good dev and steady updates, there is always a new way to explore and always new fetures being added. if you havent got this game yet - you are missing out"
,Recommended,220200,8172843,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,aivot-on,"At first look at this game, I didn't know what to expect, my friends twitch stream of him trying to lift some ridiculous monster platform in to the skies didn't convince me.Fastforward few months, and there I am, drunk, with my friends and one of them loads the game and shows his ridiculous monster rockets with puny boosters strapped aside orange tanks and barrage of mainsail engines. Showing how hard it could be to get them away from the planet.Of course this friend of mine didn't realize that when you point your rocket up and keep firing, it simply doesn't work. And the short attention span of few drunken fools, the game didn't continue very long. However, it had sparked my interest.Countless of work hourswellspent, lots of freetime spent. I was hooked. Studying about inclination, eccentricity, semi minor & major axis, transfer orbits,Tsiolkovsky Rocket Equation, and so on... I started planning space stations for refueling my planes, I had interplanetary missions both manned and unmanned.At this point KSP had exceeded my expectations. And keep in mind, this is in its early development, and lots and lots of updates pouring in, with an exceptional mod support.One of the games, I haven't regret buying."
,Recommended,220200,10802668,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,outlawstar96,"I absolutely love this game.  You will become engrossed in the adventures of these little green men. Building crazy rockets, plans, spacespations, etc... The sky is not the limit for your imagination.... the universe is (or at least the Kerbol system for now)."
76561198010334403,Recommended,220200,10689147,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CelticLemon,"If you are interested in space flight and want a fun and funny way to occasionally blow yourself up, this is the game for you. I can't wait for all the updates to come out so I can spend a ridiculously long time playing and exploring"
76561197995276300,Recommended,220200,7787657,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,dan.flaming,"(my computer: i5 2500K, 8GB RAM, AMD 6870, all stock speeds)The game is awesome, very much a sandbox in space!Game basics:Sandbox rocket building and flying. Make up your own mission and carry it out! Like: Land on the moon, sorry ""Mun"". Or build a space station. Or think big, like build a space station around Jupiter, ""Jool"" and land on all the moons!You will crash though, and often. And explode while launching, or drop engines full of fuel before having a chance to fire them. That is what makes a successful mission mean something!Is it a Simulator?The game is not quite perfect simulator, but is close. The scale of the planets and their orbits is quite a bit smaller than our Solar System, mostly to make it not take so long to do things. (KSP launch: ~5 min. NASA launch: ~15 min.) Also, the astronomical objects have ""sphere of influence"". This means that you will either be orbiting Kerbin, or the Mun (or on suborbital or escape trajectory), but never influenced by both at the same time. (This means no Lagrange points). Other than those two points the game feels very much like a good simulator. You can make a free return trajectory to the moon, use your landing module to land and return in the command capsule.It's not done!The game gets a new patch every few weeks, they add new things to the game. Recently added is a science component to career mode, where you unlock parts by ""doing science"" in different places. The sandbox mode is very playable. Though the unity engine used is 32 bit (?) that means that it can only make use of 4GB or RAM which can slow things down with large ships. To notice that though you pretty much have to be building large interplanetary, multi-mission ships.Who is this for?If you like space, engineering, problem solving, you will enjoy this game.Demo:I started with the demo. It's free, it includes some parts and Kerbin, Mun and Sun. It is very possible to land and return from the Mun in the demo. By then you should know if you like it."
,Recommended,220200,3571352,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Kad,"Just having the ability to create and develop your own rocket, and sending it to a distant planet is an amazing experience. You can create everything from a gigantic space station to a simple mars rover. Its a solid game, and it gets a 8/10 from me."
,Recommended,220200,7996811,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Homicidal Icecream Mann,"Very few games have gone boldly where no game has gone before. I feel that Kerbal Space Program(KSP) is one of these games. KSP is an indie simulation game where you build rocket ships and send them out into space, or atleast try to.This game is an Early Access Game, but it feels a little more complete than that which is nice. Also being able to create and launch a spaceship or satellite into Outer Space feels quite rewarding.However; the career mode could still use some work, it starts to feel a little boring after a while, and the tutorials seem to be lacking a bit. But considering that it's an Early Access Game you can let thost points slide a bit.The game itself is still quite fun and there are surprisingly few, if no, bugs (atleast in my experience)----FINAL VERDICT----If you are interested in the Universe and Space Exploration then Kerbal Space Program is a MUST HAVE."
,Recommended,220200,10712631,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Floodblade,"Kerbal  Space Program provides you with the unique oppertunity to run a Space Agency. Build a colony on the Moon, or struggle to attempt orbit—The game’s physics engine and unique character will keep your charmed for a long time. I’ve already racked up 150+ hours. Send help. This game will ruin your life.11/10 recommended."
76561197987724352,Recommended,220200,10805071,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ron Burgundy,"This game is excellent, though not for everyone. The game is challenging, and features realistic space flight and orbital mechanics. There is certainly a steep learning curve early on, but the difficulty makes the reward when you succeed that much greater. Beyond that, the game makes failure FUN! So don't think that you're going to get frustrated. If you have any interest in space flight, you will enjoy this game. The game will teach you about rocket science and the challenges of interplanetary travel.Build crazy rocket-powered contraptions, launch them into space, travel to moons and other planets throughout the system (an analog to the solar system). What's to dislike?Modes: there is currently a sandbox mode (all parts unlocked) and a Career mode (earn Science points by carrying out missions in order to unlock parts in the tech tree).The state of the game as it stands is very playable. There are some bugs, but it does not hinder the gameplay. The game is early access, so new content will be added in the future.Be warned: development is slow. However, SQUAD makes sure that each update is polished and robust before release, so the updates are worth the wait.Modability: there are TONS of mods for this game. Mods that add parts, mods that enhance the atmospherics, mods that turn the entire system in to the Solar System and scales it up to size, and more.TLDR: This game is loads of fun, even when your rockets are blowing up on the launchpad. Play sandbox and goof around with crazy contraptions, or play career for a fulfilling experience exploring, earning 'science' points and unlocking parts. Enjoy realistic orbital mechanics -- learn about real space flight!8.5/10"
76561198068526029,Recommended,220200,8865341,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Ben Affleck,"This is probably my favorite game on steam. All I do is fly around blowing things up and launch my Kerbals into the sun.I remember once I actually tried to land on the Mun, I almost did. I was about 250 ft above the surface coming down slowly, and then my fat cat jumped on my keyboard, which made my rocket flip and go max speed  in to the ground. Killing all 3 Kerbals inside. I yelled quite abit of swears at my cat, all she did was turn around and show me her ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.This game has made me yell, stay up all night and make me draw sketches of what rocket I should make next. Sometimes I stay home all day playing. I have wasted alot of time in this game. 10/10 would recommend"
76561198078834052,Recommended,220200,10773245,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,sfxfactor,This game is awesome! If youre willing to put some time in to it the possibilities are literally endless
76561198007096140,Recommended,220200,10774188,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ACB Lancer,KSP is the game for the NASA scientist in all of us who would never in a million years actually be smart enough to actually work there...MORE BOOSTERS solves EVERYTHING!!!
76561198034291542,Recommended,220200,10831056,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,sbond,This game is one of the most interesting and mindless games i have ever played. i highly recomend for anyone looking to kill about 200 hours.
,Recommended,220200,10811102,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Iain,Many a poor explorer is now orbiting Kerbin.10/10 Would launch poor souls into space again.
76561198007516636,Recommended,220200,10781177,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CheloneDan,Hard but having fun so far!!!
,Recommended,220200,10620180,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,∫Androsen,made a tardis 10/10
76561198049701638,Recommended,220200,8526317,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Captain Curtis,"This game has a steep learning curve, but a few tutorial videos and you could be a pro.  Elsewise, you get a lot of great explosions.  Very fun game."
76561198079538764,Recommended,220200,8529108,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,[ZU|_U] Buttermeballs,This game is a very fun and addicting game. Very hard though but when you get use to it and start to know what your doing it becomes really fun. I have been playing for like 2 weeks and i havent landed on the mun yet (moon).every time i do i keep crashing.so you just have to be very sklllfull.
76561197993223950,Recommended,220200,8532750,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,St34mfunk,"By far my favorite game, EVER. Very challanging yet in Sandbox mode open and unique. As a Simulation game it is amazing. I recommend this game more than any other. Mods... There are a ton of them!"
,Recommended,220200,8534027,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Takeya Saito,Get it! It's rocket science! =D
,Recommended,220200,8536432,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Benneb,Stupidly fun game.
,Recommended,220200,8538142,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Cydia*Kush,This should be in all schools
,Recommended,220200,8539095,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ludus_,"Jebediah Kerman, Bob Kerman, And Bill Kerman about to be launched to the Mun. 5..4..3..2..1...LIFTOFF! Bob and Bill screaming their heads off, while Jeb is just sitting there smiling. Once you play this game you will be addicted to it. Buy the game or Jeb will be frowning. and when Jeb is not grinning you know that s*** went seriously wrong! Because Jeb never loses his grin."
,Recommended,220200,8545439,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Fireraven,"Even though this is still in alpha, it is one of the most addicting games I have played. I guess my playtime speaks for it self (over 280 hours as I'm writing this). I can't wait for a full career mode to be done."
76561198073673692,Recommended,220200,8565759,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,garfild_28,amazing game with loads of mods avaliable to make it as real or not so mucha you want :) very addictive deffinatly worth it tho !!
76561198035530386,Recommended,220200,8580593,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,epiclimp,"Ive been sitting on the fence for a while on this game but decided to take the plunge while it was on offer.Honestly if your inventive this game will give you a total brain fart.Dont be tempted to use other peoples setups design and build your own!I cant begin to describe my feelings on my 1st mun landing, your always pushing the envelope trying to save fuel trying new setups ect.I cannot put this game down! and to make matters worse I now have nuclear engines(carrer mode rocks).I like flight sims(you can design planes too) but this takes it to the next generation lol"
76561198067555111,Recommended,220200,8583219,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,tanakitoff,This game is loads of fun. Just buy it.
,Recommended,220200,8595500,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Pvt. Donut,"Good Game Love the freedom to explore an entire solar system and it is very very very...Hard to get bored of finding things to do but when you do you hope there will be an update with new planets or things alike. Really good game, Its indie companies like squad that suprise people with these amazing games"
76561198043675495,Recommended,220200,8600454,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,FrankHZ,造火箭比打qiang僵ying尸hang欢乐多了= =
76561198105911032,Recommended,220200,8607139,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Watkins,"One of, if not the, best game i have ever played. Everyone should get this, just for the looks on the kerbals' faces"
,Recommended,220200,8619125,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,TFJ0ker,"While I may not be creating works of wonder that are marvels of science and technology I do know that this game is so much fun to play! You managed to create a marvel to behold, all the fuel you think you need, you have spent half an hour+ thinking about how your engines will react to the decoupling and you finally take it to the launch pad!BOOM! PARACHUTE! CUE THE SPINNING SPACESHIP! oh the mind boggling hilarity of the little Kerbal in the corner as he has a massive grin on his chops because you had to get the bravest but seemingly most stupid Kerbal in the job line!All that being said this is just one hell of a game with multiple ways to have fun whether or not you want to circumnavigate the globe in a strange bodged together plane or if you wish to try and get in to space and manage orbit!Definitely a game worth sinking a few hours in to - youtube guides are optional but ... highly recommended if you want to dive straight in to the action"
76561198059216019,Recommended,220200,8620826,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Horizon,Kerbal Space ProgramIs a great game for technical + creative minds to interact and have fun :D
76561198009485500,Recommended,220200,8824145,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,0xDEADBEEF,Amazigreat.
,Recommended,220200,8884662,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,basrrf,"This game is fantastic, I highly recommend it to anyone. It has a steep learning curve, but once you know what you're doing, it's great fun AND educational. 5/5"
76561197982982266,Recommended,220200,8894887,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Gerhardt Sploosh,"KSP represents the ultimate sandbox game for anyone that loved/loves space simulators. The learning curve is intense but reaching new personal achievments can be exhilirating. During your first few hours (especially if you play sandbox right away), you will gain a new appreciation for the science and engineering that goes into our real space program. Just don't go emailing NASA and telling them ""but it works in KSP"". The one downside of KSP is that it feels unfinished in many places. Career mode is just starting to unfold but lacks a few key elements to make it truly engaging. The pacing of the tech tree can be slow and will be almost completely unlocked before you leave Kerbin's sphere of influence if this is your first go around. I expect this will be less of a program when a rigorous budget system is implemented. On the plus side, the modding community and forums are full of some of the most creative and helpful people I've ever encountered in a videogame. Many of the games' shortcomings have been identified and someone has developed mods to improve them. From clouds, to aerodynamics, to realistic universe, to parts parts and more parts. Also, the mods are really easy to install. This is a game worth buying now and following until it's release and beyond."
76561198094779463,Recommended,220200,8920234,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Spencer Spencerson,its really good
,Recommended,220200,15544104,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,The Failure King,"This is a very good game to learn about the dynamics of spaceflight, and it encourages many people to take astronomy, and making it fun at the same time!"
76561198258937615,Recommended,220200,19667017,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Space Lover,This game is the best game! I rate it 10/10! You should definitely buy this game!
,Recommended,220200,19751919,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Dr_Quantum101 | Trade.tf,This is a great educational game
,Recommended,220200,19426277,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,nathane,"Realistic Physics, edorsement by NASA, a challenging sandbox world.  What else could you want?"
,Recommended,220200,16480267,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Einsteinrobots1,"An awsome game, I would recommend it to anyone!"
76561197965233562,Recommended,220200,19538271,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Tannsi,This game gives me the gloryous warm feeling in the cockals of my heart when the Kerbins miraculously survive a stint with me.
76561198041139490,Recommended,220200,4723321,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,slongdong69,"It's fun, you can launch many little green fellas into space, build a base on the moon, and even go to the sun. The physics of this game are pretty realistic. WARNING: In the process of most missions many lives are lost in large explosions of the flaming variant."
76561198034627005,Recommended,220200,11739631,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,AngelEyes,The closest you will ever get to modern space travel realism and rocket science. Yay science!
76561198057923843,Recommended,220200,19796440,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,schtaunkton,I have a 39 inch display and the text is too small to read well.  Also there is no Esc (menu) function when in the tutorial. I had to force close.
76561198138863093,Recommended,220200,19449765,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Obamao,The answer to all you people who want to destroy innocent little kerbals and blow things up while trying to build a deathstar around earth.Pros:-Amount of stuff you can build-Content-KERBALSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!Cons-Graphics (Look really old)- Trying to fly something to another planet. It takes forever to master.
,Recommended,220200,8495722,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ÑømäÐîç Ð¡Ñt LòĜ,FUN
76561198046640054,Recommended,220200,19542228,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,-th3-,"8/8 m8, top quality game."
76561197970523877,Recommended,220200,19714104,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Soapdude,Never played a game for as many hours as quickly as I have this one. 10/10
76561198007506180,Recommended,220200,10644875,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TheEvilPenguin,"Has unbelievable replayability, especially when you look at the mods available.  Teaches you a lot about orbital mechanics."
76561197993593556,Recommended,220200,15593703,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,protoss moss,Best game ever
76561198045007176,Recommended,220200,10630730,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Iggs,Little green men on rocket ships exploding in space.10/10
,Recommended,220200,15605602,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Gone2Lake,"I think this may be the BEST video game ever made.  Not only is it incredibly challenging, incredibly FUN, and incredibly realistic with attention to real science and physics.... it's just darn AWESOME.  Shoot, my WIFE even loves it!  If you're not interested in the 'real world' physics then just plug along with the 'sandbox' play.  I enjoy building my space program from the ground up with no 'free' parts.  There's just so much to do and now they've added ORE PROSPECTING amongst many other things.Great graphics, great game, great gameplay, great all the way around.Best game I've ever played :)"
,Recommended,220200,8651238,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,MMaster,Must have for any space loving technician!I bought this game long time ago when it was not even on Steam (I think). KSP is one and only of its kind - seriously there is no other game like this. It is being updated regularly and you can find lots of mods on the internet that make the experience 10 times better. It's a great game that makes me come back to it even after such a long time.Highly recommended!
,Recommended,220200,13442063,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Gil,"Played a couple of mins, It ok 11\9"
76561198053706569,Recommended,220200,20128522,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Drupus,Best spaceships-astronaut-kerbal crusher simulator ever
,Recommended,220200,9395607,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Rebelgamer,"When you first start, you will crash. A lot. Then you make it to orbit for the first time and your surprised you actually made it.  Then it's on to the Mun, I've have scattered parts and Kerbals all over the place in my early failed attempts just to land, much less return home.Jeb:  Hey, we finally made it down!BoB:  Great, let's get out and explore!Bill:  Umm, what happened to all our fuel?After landing on all the solid bodies in the system(still haven't returned from Eve yet), now I spend more time playing with the ISP mod, and trying to build an interplanetary fusion-based microwave satellite network(insanely complicated, but makes for high efficency in my final stages)."
,Recommended,220200,9409002,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Synchophade08,It's so complicated that it's cool.
76561198016095195,Recommended,220200,9419927,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,KreaTeo aka TryHard,If u like little green children this is the game for u
76561198065740242,Recommended,220200,9423836,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Stykolar,Great game! There are too few games like this one were were you feel the realistic indevers of space programs.
76561198098619810,Recommended,220200,9443735,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Budgie,"Kerbal Space Program is probably the most addictive, time consuming and enjoyable game I have ever played. If you are interested in a game that has an entire solar system at your finger tips to explore this game in definately for you. Create your own crafts with endless possibilities and see how far you can go!"
76561198078499139,Recommended,220200,9446554,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,PEANUTS,"This game sure is a kulster ♥♥♥♥, and I do mean that in the highest regard.3/3"
,Recommended,220200,9461394,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Fueniker_Silver,"Amazing game! Really teaches you alot about orbital mechanics, and how to get you kerbonauts stuck on other planets!The Career Mode, though still in Alpha, is really fun, try challenging yourself by implementing your own rules to follow (ex. only spaceplanes) to increase re-playability. Definitly worth the cost and more!"
76561198002767324,Recommended,220200,9254768,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Cosmic Brownie,Super neat!
76561197974630273,Recommended,220200,13482674,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Billy,Having a blast blowing up Kerbals on a budget. I think I'm learning stuff too. Kinda sneaky.
,Recommended,220200,8505736,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Poragon,"Great game, fun to just mess around with, or get serious about if you wish. I would recomend it to anyone who likes sanbox games, or designing, or is pretty serious when it comes to trying to perfect every aspect of their gaming experince."
,Recommended,220200,13378112,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Schnaftbuster,"Objectively speaking:Even though this game is still in production, and is unfinished, it has a great entertainment value because of the sandbox style and great variation of parts and places to explore. They even plan on making multiplayer?Graphics:Not the best I have seen, but for this sense of scale, it is pretty good(considering all the parts for large stations and vehicles, you can not have a really large ammount polys because of technical limits)Gameplay:Varied and challenging, but still made fun. The realism in this game has been simplified in order to make it enjoyable.Sound:For the vessel creation modules, the music lacks variation, and I would like to be able to choose from a list with more pieces or have the game play from a folder. I solved this by just muting the music and use a media player(sadly, this makes it impossible to hear the awesome music that you get when you get in orbit), but I hope they add some options for this at some point.The rockets also have some sound issues at times, and can be really loud.Overall impression and some subjective points:As a sci-fi, tech and aviation fan, this game is perfect. It mixes fun with space and it is hard to go wrong with that.The game offers a wide variety of possibilities and lets you create insane machines (that you can send up in the sky or in the ocean). A lot of people made mods for this game, even mods that automatize parts of navigation and even the docking sequence(easymode, and you should stop using it when you get better) Because of this, your abilities and patience would usually be the limit."
,Recommended,220200,13514648,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,D0ctorV,Great game that is constantly evolving due to the massive amount of mods and community support.
,Recommended,220200,9495916,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Paradise,"KSP is the most fun I have had in space in a long time. It creates a very easy interface to make spaceships. Although it may seem easy in the begining, it becomes harder and harder as you try to go to this games representation of Mars, etc.8/10 at the time beingEDIT: Soooo the game came out, and wow. I have to bump my review score to a 9/10"
,Recommended,220200,8736747,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Spooky Halloween Name,10/10 would bang
76561198121061372,Recommended,220200,13764027,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Lorax,My mosted advanced rockets are the S.O.U.P probes. THis has nothing the game i'm just getting a badge
,Recommended,220200,13231768,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,the_student,"Is it worth it? Yes! Will it take time learning? Probably, will you feel awesome knowing how to do orbital manouvers and being able to build a ship and get it to another planet? Yup. Will you start saying Hullo? Yes again! Buy this awesome game, stock is great, and there's enough awesome mods to last a lifetime."
76561198093451046,Recommended,220200,24758883,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,rims838,A good portion of my life has been happily waisted on crashing into celestial bodies due to KSP.  Who needs sleep anyways?
,Recommended,220200,8687228,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH,becuz it is really good better than most games because of everything it just be so good
76561197982674666,Recommended,220200,17682503,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Action Bastard,love it!
,Recommended,220200,8981015,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Gold3nFlame27,"THIS GAME REQUIRES PATIENCE, for visiting another planet might take hours of work.This is one of the best space games I have ever played. This game is worth the money if you are willing to put the effort into it. This is not a game where understanding everything is easy at first, but as you progress into the game you will understand it more. Kerbal Space Program made me have an interest in aerodynamics and other related topics. You can visit other planets, build space stations, and even build space stations on other planets. I am looking forward to future updates and I enjoy this game a lot. Good job Squad"
,Recommended,220200,13779453,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,noob sh*t,"If you happen to love building random contraptions, flying those random contraptions, and crash those contraptions to anything, then this game is worth your time."
76561198048737543,Recommended,220200,8049517,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Faceless Penguin,A good old space game
76561198041984143,Recommended,220200,8203550,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,polic72,"Easily one of my favorite games of all time. KSP offers a superb experience to travel through a fictional planetary system and explore each planet. If you choose not to travel throughout the solar system, you can simply build a plane to travel Kerbin, the game's ""Earth"", instead.With the new addition of the career mode, going to space actually goes towards something, and parts must be unlocked. This adds a challenge to the game by forcing the player to use parts they would not have used before to perform their launches.The community is truly amazing. With a website mad purely for sharing crafts/mods, you never are too far away from others. Speaking of others, a mod recently added is a multiplayer mod where you and your friends can screw around with each other's crafts, have space races, and/or have space wars.The new updates provide more and more to play with as more are added. The most recent update provides a better career mode experience with science points, a form of currency earned by doing missions.I highly recommend this game for anyone who likes exploring, astronomy, or just plain having fun."
76561197990457467,Recommended,220200,8520682,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Berzerkninja,Great game and I always seem to come back to play more.  Well designed.
,Recommended,220200,9199154,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,angryst0rm,10/10 would science again
,Recommended,220200,1291476,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Luneshot,"I've never seen a game teach an unintuitive concept (orbital mechanics) in such an intuitive way. It's an amazing game, one which I've spent hundreds of hours in (and counting). If you're even vaguely interested in space, I highly recommend KSP."
,Recommended,220200,18789413,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,haroennepoen,"This is very useful in an educational context as well, we might even buy the special version for education once we have machines with enough performance for our place."
,Recommended,220200,13617549,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,RedRhino999,"Everything about this game is amazing, and it's still in beta"
,Recommended,220200,12194605,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Fargin Noob,"Though it's still in early access, for a space nerd like myself, this game allows me to mimic to some degree the progress of our own space program throughout the years. It has a realistic physics engine that allows for some very interesting events and reactions to rocket design and space flight. Though it still has some issues (it's still in EA, so that's to be expected), it is still an excellent game for those who like space, want to see if they can land a Kerbin on the Mun, or just want to see what kind of crazy rocket designs they can make."
,Recommended,220200,10994181,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,MoistTurtle,making spaceships has never been easier. hours of histarical gameplay.
76561198021135192,Recommended,220200,8722295,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,PatchGatsby,"Wow! Kerbal Space Program in not even complete and it's already my favorite game of the moment. Fun atmosphere is the perfect compliment to the steep difficulty curve. The difficulty serves the best purpose though, as you feel great satisfaction when you succeed. You can temper the difficulty through the use of mods. Did I just mention mods? This game has a great community. From Scott Manley's excellent utube instructional videos, to parts mods, autopilot mods, resource gathering mods, and at least one multiplayer mod, the community is adding massive content to KSP. I'm not very technical, but the mod setup is really easy with a folder included that you just drop mods into. The game is in early release, but with the recent release of the science tree the game has become more structured. I strongly recommend Kerbal Space Program, especially for kids over 10 who like space and building things."
,Recommended,220200,19868653,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Johnops,i love this game
,Recommended,220200,5398445,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Yaroslav,Very good game
,Recommended,220200,13289801,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,CanadianLuigi,"I bought the game, and then spent 20 hours of the next two weeks playing it. Amazing mechanics, and an overall great concept. I would recommend it to everyone I know, except I was the last one I know to buy the game... A huge mistake on my part, If you want a fun and enjoyable game to get so lost in the neighbors call 911 because they haven't seen you outside in twelve days, take a look at Kerbal Space Program.""Shoot for the mun. Even if you miss, you'll crash land on Duna."""
,Recommended,220200,5072764,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Oxynrider,"This game right here, is the perfect balance of rage and fun."
,Recommended,220200,21409812,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Fred Flintstone,Green smurfs try space
76561198106833964,Recommended,220200,10385924,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Darthwest,So many possibilities! Great game.
76561197970492192,Recommended,220200,15300160,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Thorguard,"Love shooting rockets in the stratosphere as a kid? This game is for you.Wanna-be Astronaut? This game is for you.Get frustrated easily? Walk away.KSP is a learning by failing game. It take patience and thinking to win. As a sandbox game, there is no true win, but the goals you set for yourself."
,Recommended,220200,8215881,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Brad,"Great game, Once you learn how the the game works it's very fun to build space stations, bases and rockets and explore the solar system.Wow did I really dump over 100 hours into this game? Yup it's oficial, I have no life."
,Recommended,220200,7516161,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Patrick227,"Amazing space simulator, massive solar system to explore. Its an absolutely fantastic game, though it can be a bit of a struggle to develop successful rockets. But why bother with rocket science if you don't get to see a few explosions here and there?"
,Recommended,220200,15357528,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Stupendous Man,"Having spent more than 60 hours in this game during the past few weeks, I think it's about time that I write a review for it.Some years ago I messed around with a space sim called 'Orbiter' and had a lot of fun with it. When Kerbal Space Program came out, I thought it looked like a dumbed down version of Orbiter and not really worth my time. Was I wrong!I just recently bought KSP at a sale, and immediately discovered that it was everything and so much more than Orbiter ever was. The basic spacecraft flying is the same, but KSP has added a lot more than was available in Orbiter: intuitive tools for orbit manoeuvers, buidling your own spacecraft, permanent bases, simple multistage rockets and now, a career mode.Sure, the solar system in KSP is simpler and more basic than the (real life) one in Orbiter, but the astrodynamics are the same if not as advanced (no orbital perturbations, all celestial bodies are spherical etc).What KSP does incredibly well is teach basic astrodynamics and rocket design. It may not be as advanced as in real life, but it teaches you the basics and gives a good idea of the challenges of launching interplanetary missions.EDIT: I originally complained about the aerodynamics being horrible, however, since version 1.0 that has been completely changed and is now quite good. /EDITApart from that, I can recommend this game 100%: not only is it great fun, but you'll learn a lot about real world space flight while exploring the unknown."
76561198041326943,Recommended,220200,10988744,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ziggydfsm,This game was really really really hard at first.... hard enough that I wanted to kill it more then once...But I have found this game is a winner for me.After finding out how to get a rocket into space(the help on the forums is great) everything is easier for me.I also have a hard time not thinking of playing the game through my day....
,Recommended,220200,9578296,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,pleb,"If you like space,if you like space ships if you like space plaines and thousands of mods then this game is for you.behind the cartoony extiroer kerbal space program is massevly in depth,with hundreds of combonations of ships at your disposal it realy is a next gen game.you currently have two  ""game types' (may change by date) the first career where you try to gain as much science as possible,the second (sandbox) you have limetless power to where one day you could kill every kerbal on kerban or simply create an R.C plane, its your choice . WEBSITE(Kerbalspaceprogam.com/)FOR MODS(Kerbalspaceport.com/)KERBAL SPACE PROGRAM     19.99 $ (price may change over time)"
,Recommended,220200,13631226,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Taihou,KSP: Kerban Slaughter Program
,Recommended,220200,9757638,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,_/,"Really Fun Game, Don't look at the price hours will be lost playing this game"
76561198093931538,Recommended,220200,8476303,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Toast,"Has to be, one of my all time favorite games. Yes get this game, it's amazing."
,Recommended,220200,12663270,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Black Metal Dash,Korean missile launch simulator 2014
76561198061570433,Recommended,220200,8287908,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Jerkwaffle,"Best game since the original Civilization. The sense of accomplishment the first time you successfully put a Kerbal into orbit, or land one on the mun and return him is fantastic. Buy this game!"
,Recommended,220200,21633262,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Veddan,"Made my first orbit and it was great.  On the other hand, tutorials desperately need improvement.Don't quit.  You WILL fail your first few attempts.  Here is a hint, press 'T' after launch.  The tutorial guy says don't use it but he's nuts.  Then when you get into space press 'R.'  The tutorial will tell you what these do.7/10 because you can find help online, but should we have to?  Sad to think of how many people will give up due to frustration.  Such a great game please update the tuts so more people won't quit!  Spread the Jeb love!"
,Recommended,220200,11764659,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Primalone,"THe perfect game for anyone what wanted to build large explosive rockets as a kid, but your parents said no"
76561198087510171,Recommended,220200,9791054,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Dozer,"Starts game, builds a rocket, rocket won't fly, plays tutorial, learns how to use throttle, beats gameStill can't dock but this game is AMAZING!"
,Recommended,220200,13624034,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JimmyHillUK,"Do not buy if you become attached to characters in your charge.Even worse don't go digging in your system files and rename your kerbals.I'm currently circling the sun out in a ship with no fuel, my paintball team are stranded a few hundred miles behind me in orbit, my family are crashed onto various moons and my girlfriend is, with every passing rescue launch, drifting further and further from the solar system.Kerbal Space Program, otherwise known as ""Damn, I forgot to attach [landing gear/lights/parachutes/science/radio antenna/pilots], is highly recommended for heartless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."""
76561197968823337,Recommended,220200,12242922,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Robban,"An amazing game... It makes me interested in space travel and space movies haha... It's an engineers dream. You can build so many different creations, it's almost endless.. And the distances you travel are amazing.It's highly addictive!I can't really figure any downsides, except maybe missing a delta V calculator in game, though a mod fixes that.If you like creative sandbox games with large freedom, this is my number 1 reccomendation."
,Recommended,220200,6805108,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,[onion] chesse,"Kerbal space program is a very specialized game, for a specialized audience.It is meant for people who:1. Love space/space travel2. Love to design things (espeically rockets)3. Love to blow things up (especially rockets)Solution? Try the demo. Its free, and is a pretty good anolouge of what the game is!Granted it:1. Has the kraken (look it up)2. Has no planets (except kerbin (earth) and the Mun (moon))3. Has limited parts (makes it hard to get into orbit (but definetly possible))4. And it cannot be modded D;So: if you like the demo, you should look at the wiki, and buy the game :DPS: There is a REALLY active community for this. Almost like minecraftPSS: There is a DRM free version of ksp on the ksp website. However the game can be run without starting steam..."
,Recommended,220200,16076846,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,alexander.stukart,You need this game in your life. Buy it. Buy it yesterday.
76561198078138205,Recommended,220200,17209939,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Decreo,"Incredibly fun game. Players are allowed to design, build, and fly their own vehicles, and are offered a great feeling of satisfaction upon seeing their designs succeed. Some may find it a little difficult in the beginning but the game does offer turorials and after all, practice makes perfect. Relativley new game with lots of potential."
76561197993887813,Recommended,220200,13648169,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DanSon,One of my all time favorite games.  Endless replay value and one of the few games that has really taught me something as well as provide hours of gameplay.  10/10 with or without rice.
,Recommended,220200,17593001,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,MrBiscuits,"one word: AWESOME. This game is huge. Mission wise and physicaly.  If you know rocket science this is the game for you, and if you dont... still this is the game for you. With well thought out and easy to master tutorials, you can complete missions effectively. Dont get me wrong though, KSP is definitely not an easy game and is very hard and long(XD), but is extremely fun and well worth the money."
,Recommended,220200,16473622,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[TNZ] Cheeto Reviews,Incredible game. Very Impressed.
,Recommended,220200,17210270,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Probably Some Kinda John,"I love this game more than Kerbals love snacks.  And I cannot stress enough, Kerbals LOVE snacks."
76561198020607108,Recommended,220200,30513116,Posted: 14 March,all,r8a,Jules Verne would be proud of Kerbalians.Best space sim for PC ever.
76561198132623195,Recommended,220200,12152053,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Tellz,10/10 I would totally recommend this game.You can build almost any kind of rocket you want. It's easy to place objects on to your rocket and the possibilities are endless.It's awesome being able to build spaceplanes as well. Just remember to put the wings in the right place so you can take off before veering into a building.What's more the game is not even finished yet. It's constantly having new stuff added to the game. I have spent so many hours playing this game!
,Recommended,220200,6602290,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Peromaniac,"Amazing game! Great fun for all! Build, fly, venture and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Have fun!"
76561198006598825,Recommended,220200,11872401,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Shrike,"Awesome game. The absolute only negative thing I can think about this game though is the lack of multiplayer. I would absolutely love to be able to build spacecrafts together with friends and go on missions with them. Other than that, its the best fireworks simulator ever."
,Recommended,220200,13725590,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Felix the Fox,"I first began this game in it's beta .18 version. The ships, parts, buildings, and basic mechanics of the game have greatly evolved, from a crude but fun sandbox game, into a detailed and complex aerospace program sim. The mods and community support are great for the game, and if you don't believe me, go ask Scott Manley, EnterElysium, or one of the many others who have Youtube videos on this game. I personally have devoted hundreds of hours into it, and find it both puzzling at times (Say, can we fly to the Sun, Luna, Jol, then back home again!?), but I love every moment of it."
76561198120942025,Recommended,220200,10757170,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,erjsn1,"This game is absolutely fantastic. You can try to pull of an aerobraking maneuver in the equivalent of jupiter, get a gravity assist from the sun, or just mess around in atmosphere if you feel like it. The game's updates add quite a few things to the game, most recently asteroids and the ability to intercept them. The modding community also adds quite a bit of content to the game, like the possiblility of actually burning up in the atmosphere or realistic drag for the spaceplanes while they're in atmo. The game itself is incredibly easy to add mods to, even if you have no previous experience with adding them.A great simulator and a really fun game"
76561197990381749,Recommended,220200,12907485,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,silvahamma57,"Such a fun game.A bit of a learning curve at first, but the tutorials and Scott Manning's Youtube videos are incredibly helpful.The most fun I've had is trying to build a piggybacking spaceplane with absoultely no knowledge of where all the forces should be for success. It's creative experimental things like that which make this game awesome.This is also a great way to get a basic grasp of orbital physics, which are really cool.But also with the new (It was already out before I bought it, but whatevs) contracts that are part of the game it really feels like there is more motivation to try different things. like trying to get the huge booster rockets into orbit to test them. And the best one of having to recover a kerbal from orbiting (without a spaceship) around Kerban in space. So much was learnt about the difficulties of space maneouvres was learnt in the hour or so it took to get the poor bugger back.Many more hours of fun to be had."
,Recommended,220200,11308586,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Bobby Hill,This game is one of the best games I have ever played in the last few years. every kids dream has been to be a space explorer but were always held back by limitations of goverment funding. when KSP came out we gave Nasa a big middle finger and did more simulated missions then they could have ever done in a year. VIVA LA KERBAL SPACE PROGRAM
76561198023573581,Recommended,220200,10056703,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Mr Peanutbutter,yay space
,Recommended,220200,9704844,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Bucket,Build♥♥♥♥♥♥ launch it in to space.8/10
,Recommended,220200,14315578,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,spirelbomb <SSR>,build rockets fire them towards space. kill your Kerbal in giant fiery explosion.
76561197963710473,Recommended,220200,10331379,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Carl Brutananadilewski,"KSP is one of the most addicting games I've played in recent memory.  You are forced to use problem solving to progress, and the game makes no attempt to hold your hand as new challenges are presented by you, by you.  This game will also ruin the movie Gravity for you.Can I join NASA yet?"
,Recommended,220200,15586877,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Curs0r,"Played all the way through early access, and I will keep playing this game for years to come. It's outstanding."
,Recommended,220200,15595641,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Bigasmonkey,The most fun I've ever had consistently failing for 8 hours straight.
,Recommended,220200,15595670,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Reaperside Gaming,Five Starssssssssssssssssssssssssssss.s...
,Recommended,220200,15595853,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,GangsterPigster,JUST AWESOME
76561198013559996,Recommended,220200,15595901,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Khan,"11/10 very long journey, so much succsess, after a long wait finally they relaese 1.0! thank you for everything that you made guys. I am gonna cry right now so much emotion."
,Recommended,220200,9154409,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Sorenzo,"This game is literally the best thing that's happened to me in years. It is not just a ton of fun, and a great learning experience. It is your mind's spiritual journey into the great unknown, a journey which will unlock your imagination and make you feel as one with all of creation.Even if the game doesn't appear to be your cup of tea, indeed, even if you believe there is only a very slim chance you will get 25e's worth of enjoyment out of it... Can you really risk NOT to buy this game, consigning yourself to never experiencing the depth and grandeour of the universe?If you feel willing to take such a risk, I fear I cannot save you from yourself. May the fates have mercy for you."
,Recommended,220200,9798807,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,phaneron,Astrophysics + Engineering + Design = ♥♥♥♥ing KSP. I'm loving it.
,Recommended,220200,7922045,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,CarpaDunkle,i lik penut butter
,Recommended,220200,795427,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Grantisimo {RM},"If you love the idea of space travel, this is the game to get! It is literally rocket science!"
76561197976576717,Recommended,220200,11890469,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Monkeypod,Love this game so much <3 spaceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
,Recommended,220200,8139045,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,bstern,"Great game, definitely worth it"
76561198018761971,Recommended,220200,15584399,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,jakejam,Wonderful damn game. There is nothing like it.
,Recommended,220200,15991616,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Jam man,YES
76561197989512786,Recommended,220200,10926307,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dizzienoo,Brilliant Game with a fantastic mod community to really add longer life to gameplay
,Recommended,220200,12416465,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,John,I spent too much time of my life playing this game.
,Recommended,220200,13943663,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ʈɲ™Jimmy G,"I dont even know where to start.  This game has helped me fulfill dreams and aspirations not possible for me in reality.  Ever since I was a child i dreamed of going into space, the black loneliness of it all swallowing you body and mind...wow got carried away there.  That being said this game is the best of both worlds, learning and fun.  Good for both young and old, i would recommend this to all who read this review.If I've learned one thing in almost 500 hours playing it's, there is lots to see and endless things to do and learn.  Would smash into Moho again, 4 Billion out of 10."
,Recommended,220200,8199242,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,AuntyMaim,"The Steam description falls dramatically short of summarizing this super realistic space program game - this game is like Train Simulator meetings Lemmings. It takes some patience (and a few youtube tutorials) to get the hang of orbital mechanics, but if you're up for that I can't recommend it highly enough!"
,Recommended,220200,9210935,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Indybin,"This game is INCREDIBLE! There is no limit to the fun you can have with this game. It allows for unparalelled space travel with realistic handling and gravity. No matter how good you are at this you will still have fun. The farthest I have ever been in the solar system is the Mun, but I still love making cool airplanes and other out of the box vehicles that I can only this game can offer. BUY IT!! there are very few performance problems as long as you aren't trying to see how many parts fit onto your screen and so there really is no excuse not to snag this gem. 9.8/10P.S. LOTS OF MODS!"
76561197989124273,Recommended,220200,15589167,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,True Monolith,"One of the best games I have ever played so far - very rarely have I spent so much time playing a single game and hyping every new content update. Today, 1.0 has been launched, and it's superb.That said, you will have to invest some time learning basic orbital mechanics, aerodynamic and other physical constraints. But there are a lot of useful tutorials (search Youtube; a good start is video maker Scott Manley) that will guide you into the world of KSP.Definitive recommendation."
,Recommended,220200,13787529,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dude,"I picked this one on a whim during the Holiday Sale and found it to be quite addicting. So far I've just been playing around in sandbox mode learning how it works, and killing these poor little dudes in a series of crash landings. The game feels incredibly realistic and it was very satisfying when I finally got a ship to leave the atmosphere, though I'm still trying to get a ship into orbit, let alone land without blowing up.Also, if you're really on the fence about this one and want to see more screenshots or videos, check outreddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram. It's crazy what people can do in this game."
76561198037209934,Recommended,220200,10630256,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Z3STYM3LONS,Simply amazing. Trust me im a business man.
76561198055160841,Recommended,220200,15586625,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,~The Tease before the Shaft~,"This is one of the best ""spacebox"" games I've ever played, it can be a challenge as well for those who like the challenge of exploring space while facing the problems that go with it. I highly reccomend this game for all of you, especially, if you are into space/space exploration games. :)11/10 Would play again :)"
76561198032249487,Recommended,220200,11266424,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Lord Furno,"This game is amazing. The phisics engine is top notch, the solar system is realy cool and it give the fealing of a real space program. You can build everything from rockets to rovers, do things that NASA wouldn't dare do and just be a total boss."
76561198045522967,Recommended,220200,12278948,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,xXx_5M0K3Y_83AR_xXx,You can put multi-colored lights on your spaceship.10/10 would crash spaceships again
,Recommended,220200,7768522,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ruth Menard,Yes
76561197990386275,Recommended,220200,9705989,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Victuz,"Possibly the best purchase I've made on steam. No other game made me learn this much about a subject I was previously not that interested in!At the time of writing the game is nearing version 0.24 so it's still far away from being properly finished, there are occasional bugs and some features are not completely implemented. Despite that this game is already better than many ""finished"" games released nowadays, the community behind it is properly amazing both in their mod making capabilities and their attitute dowards eachother!According to steam I've played 240 hours. That's a lie, I've played on multiple modded versions outside of steam so the more accurate number is closer to 1-1,5 thousand. And I'm not going to stop any time now.PLAY IT"
,Recommended,220200,12413659,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Lvl. 1 Gopnik | Gamdom.com,This game is so fun and addicting! It's even more AWESOME with mods. Would recommend!
,Recommended,220200,12474014,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ups_guy,"If you love space, flight, and engineering, you'll love this game. If not, It's still extremely fun. It's not overly simplistic, or overly complicated. Being able to design and fly a ship that is capable of interpanetary travel while still able to return to earth is challenging, addicting, and satisfying. Finding the best way to complete objectives through individual trial and error is also very fun. Another huge plus is the fact that there is already a fairly large amount of content. I've so far only spent 42 hours with this title and have only safely made it to the ""mun"" and back a few times. Similar to programming, I save the designs that work best and trash or fix the ones that don't. Eventually, you'll have an arsenal of effective designs for specific categories of flight."
76561197980405855,Recommended,220200,8907645,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Bosco007,"This game is not ""Rocket science"" neither is it ""Simple""With a steep learning curve I find it hard for those just starting up, but a few youtube videos and some reaserch on the wiki will help a lot, once you get out of kerbin's atmosphere your well on your way to reach the outer planets. Once you get down manuvers and the basics it becomes easier and yet challenging! Making it to the Mun is one thing, but landing a 6 man crew fully equiped with a rover and science lab is another. once you land on Mun (or minimus) the game will suck you in like a black hole! Say goodbye social life, and hello space command.Cons: Steep Learning Curve, quite a few bugs(Notice its in beta), and quite a few crashes when you build Massive(and I mean MASSIVE) Ships.Pros: Everything else + The mod comunity is HUGE theres so much to do, after 100 hours in I still havnt done all that their is to do, not even close.I reccomend everyone before purchase to do some research, watch some youtube tutorials and do some reading on the wiki, After that if you got the idea and the knowledge to give this game a go then purchase away! If your still confused and unsure about the complexity on fuel managing and air resistance, do more research or move along."
76561198118386638,Recommended,220200,14715723,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,pn,"Awesome game. Fairly realistic physics, but it's still a game. Hard to learn, Hard to master, Easy to fail. This is a very challenging and interesting game."
,Recommended,220200,1148735,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Clint,"Coming from a person who Actually knows Rocket Science:This game is very realistic when it comes to orbital dynamics.It can be hard for a beginner to pick up but the game comes with a step by step tutorial to teach you the interface and the basic types of burns you need to do.Awesome game, Lots of fun, Plenty of sandbox style hours of my life spent on it."
,Recommended,220200,15591835,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,"Ninety,Nine,Nite","awesome game, but really needs some dedication!"
,Recommended,220200,10912433,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sporius,The Kerbacity of this game is enormous. 76/10 would strand Jebediah on the Mun again.
,Recommended,220200,7845611,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Justin740,This is a game that will bring endless amounts of fun.
76561197968867360,Recommended,220200,15612241,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Chrt,"At first I couldn't find the training section, so I was like hmm building and trying. At some point that short period i got past the atmosphere (cause the music changed) it was beautiful just floating then i come crashing down thankfully had a parachute. This game is like interstellar pretty much :D love it!"
,Recommended,220200,13617059,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bradytown,Makes me want to get a gender change and suck♥♥♥♥♥♥for money. 10/10
,Recommended,220200,13199497,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Brutus,really cool game x)
76561198117146064,Recommended,220200,12415066,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Code,"If you like sandbox and trial and error games, this is for YOU!"
76561198056918393,Recommended,220200,11712077,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Tommygun,"i find this game simply awesome you can do almost anything land on the mun, fly into the sun, fire some bombs at random planets and with a couple mods you can even play with friends so you could have interplanetary fights i find this a really good game it is of course a little unstable at times but it's still in open beta if i could give a score tot this game i would give it a 8,5/10 the only problem is that it can't handle the extremely big thing like a spaceestation that consitst out of 500 or more parts."
76561198040245932,Recommended,220200,10023973,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Freetoss,"A great game for those that love space, engineering, and a good challenge!"
76561198035961676,Recommended,220200,10509644,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,MrGoodFeel,Made a gigantic rocket with numerous stages for numerous shuttles to create a gigantor rocket. Had to activate cheats to keep it from blowing up on itself.It bended during liftoff like a giant rubber♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for mother Earth.10/10
76561198028094766,Recommended,220200,13485861,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Brunhilde,"This game is fun and I highly recommend it. Due yourself a favor though and purchase it when it is on sale which happens fairly often.I purchased this game relatively early in the Alpha and it was already a solid game when I purchased it and the game improved significantly throughout the Alpha phase. The team puts out solid updates and I have yet to encounter a fun ending bug, or many bugs in general.Now that it is in Beta I eagerly await further updates as my expectations have been passed for quite sometime. I feel the game has played as a full game for sometime and certainly lacks many of the issues that newly released full games have with playability. I have also found that the graphics options are flexible enough to allow me to play the game smoothly on a poor computer ('09 XP poor processor) while my other computer was being repaired."
,Recommended,220200,9143369,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,DrUmMiSt,Amazing game - getting better with each update
76561198019616039,Recommended,220200,8079711,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Peroda,"Really realistic, I've played this game hours and didn't notice the time flies. It's really fun to play and to achieve your first moon landing. Great game!"
76561197972868936,Recommended,220200,15641873,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Taitou,"Great fun, a real challenge sometimes, but so rewarding!"
,Recommended,220200,7500483,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,majick13,"Over time I have come to love the game more and more, jumping on every hype train, pouring over all the dev notes, and I can't wait for what's to come."
76561198071170945,Recommended,220200,22539485,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,awesomepawn,part of me feels like this should be like... required for some degrees. I have a general understanding of orbital mechanics and rocketry which i would never have had if not for this game.
,Recommended,220200,1476530,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,.ĐĿ. Cрезена,"7:15 PM - Crezena: ive gotten a couple of solar orbits but havent manage a succesful munar landing7:15 PM - Xabin: how is it not moonbase alpha with chibi aliens again?7:16 PM - Crezena: its buildign rockets, dealign with physics (but there is a computer to control your thrusters and foils) to launch your rockets or space planes into orbit7:16 PM - Crezena: you have to manually apply thrust vectors to maintain near the apex while accelerating pro grade to create your orbits7:17 PM - Crezena: and then as you collect objects in orbit you start having to adjsut and align the orbits so you can have your kerban astronauts do EVA manuevers with jetpacks to switch craft7:17 PM - Crezena: you can build psace stations and land on like 7 planets7:18 PM - Crezena: theres at least 100 rocket and vehicle pieces stock and a ton more you can get on the internet and add into your library folder7:18 PM - Crezena: its pretty sick7:18 PM - Xabin: yeah, that sounds cool7:18 PM - Xabin: i could get way in to that, potentially7:18 PM - Xabin: ...how is the pvp?7:18 PM - Crezena: when i realize di had to apply thrusters in order to align orbits i peed a little7:18 PM - Crezena: dude its sick as ♥♥♥♥7:19 PM - Crezena: i have this level 38 mana rocket7:19 PM - Crezena: it give me +6 dex on my propulsion specialist7:19 PM - Crezena: i just burn ♥♥♥♥♥es retrograde all day7:19 PM - Crezena: they be like what?7:19 PM - Xabin: i heard the teleporting classes were OP7:20 PM - Crezena: they fixed that7:20 PM - Crezena: now you run out of rcs fuel faster7:21 PM - Crezena: after like two teleports youll be out of fuel unless you are super heavy and then youll move so slow youd get done in by a lunar rover"
76561198079235088,Recommended,220200,18830285,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Knife0nly,Great game.
,Recommended,220200,9021534,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,try,"Amazing, and entertaining!"
,Recommended,220200,13804972,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,✪ Sephnix™,This is tons of fun for hours and hours!
76561198013080299,Recommended,220200,14162706,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,UsuallyGrumpy,"This one has permanent residency on my hard drive. I'm no Scott Manley, but find I can have equal fun attempting to rendezvous with a far flung planet as I can trying to launch a preposterous monstrosity into orbit successfully. Most disturbingly, I may have learnt something along the way.The developers are engaged with the player base, regular updates with significant improvements are the norm. The mod community is very active and allow you to tailor your experience as you like.The early hours of the morning can quickly sneak up on you after trying that docking maneuver for the umpteenth time, be warned!"
,Recommended,220200,9145323,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Pook,"That feeling when you first succesfully get into orbit, amazing.That feeling when you make your first succesful moonlanding, epic!For people interested in space, spacetravel and rockets this is the ultimate simulation game for you.Also a great game if you just like to mess around and blow your rocket to pieces"
,Recommended,220200,9034561,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Don Carbon,"Hours of fun, worth every penny."
,Recommended,220200,7257989,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Sleipniiir,Ever wanted o tell your parents you are learning from a video game without lying? Now you somewhat can!
76561198074108060,Recommended,220200,13546953,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,T Mozza,Had more fun with this game then 90% of Triple A games out there. Definetly a must have for your steam libary.
,Recommended,220200,8157884,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Redklaw,"This game should have been made a long time ago.If you have ever wanted to run your own space program, buy this game now!  It's challenging, fun, and well executed.  Started out pretty basic, but has grown significantly over what is a relatively short amount of time.  It’s already got more content than most completed games, and will only get better as time goes by.  Don’t miss this game, do yourself a favor and get it now!"
,Recommended,220200,26918340,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BADA55 Kerman,Best Video game ever created.
76561198081202264,Recommended,220200,9121721,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Melon,"It's space exploration and science with your own rockets and terrified kerbals (except for jeb of course) for you to mess around with, what more could you want :DIn the full version the game is perfected, if you like space sims, you won't go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,220200,28059470,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kao172,"A nice past time when you have work to do, why do science in real life when you can do it in a game!"
76561198033794798,Recommended,220200,9317834,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,T R A S H | CSGORage.com,"If you have any interest in space whatsoever, KSP is the game for you! It may be hard to play at first but with time, it becomes such incredible fun, that the hours just pass by as you plan and execute the most bold space missions ever known to kerbals"
76561198060257544,Recommended,220200,17465399,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Gordon Freeman's Crowbar,"Do you like watching innocent aliens die in spaceship-related accidents? Well if you said yes, then this game might be for you! Also, go see a therapist."
,Recommended,220200,7794756,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Noot TRADING CARDS PLS,MY GOD SPACE IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥IC! 10/10
,Recommended,220200,8029322,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Smashing,"KSP is a brilliant game but may not be for everyone. At present there is no real sense of target or progression, you set your own goals and try to meet them. The base game Kerbal allows you to create a wide range of spacecraft from basic rockets to launch satellites to lunar landers or even massive rockets that you assemble in space bit by bit. The engine has been improving as the game has developed allowing for a range of designs. You can go for sleek and simple to completely whacky. The game also models physics, fuel flow etc so those who are into the slightly more realistic side can enjoy it, although it definitely is not a simulation. It's great to compete with friends to build the craziest rockets or complete various challenges. In the future there should be some career mode. Well woth buying."
,Recommended,220200,19866817,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,NakeshaAhKleva,This game is incredible. You can never complete it! It has so much realism and physics!
,Recommended,220200,10537511,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,StevesFriendBob,"This is a great game! It can be difficult, but if you don't mind watching little green aliens perish due to your faulty ship design and you like a challenge, grab this one up!"
,Recommended,220200,8985115,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Nightwinds_ [33/467],"A great game for just messing around with rockets. Its also fun to build planes and challenge yourself to make the biggest rocket out there. Its probably the funniest simulator you can play. With Jebediah at the controls, you can fly almost anywhere, and, even better, crash anywhere. This game is a bit tricky at the beginning to learn, but after a few hours of messing around, you'll get your first ship into orbit."
,Recommended,220200,11009924,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,El Pinguin Loco,Shot a rocket into orbit around the Sun. Parachute does not help.11/10Update: for badge.
,Recommended,220200,26017702,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mr_Finnie_Mac,"An amazing Space Exploration game that let's you build Airfraft, spacecfraft, rockets, Rovers, cars adn much more! Build orbiting space staions and distant comm sites on other planets, send AI bots out on the search for new items, ALL IN THE NAME OF SCIENCE!!!!! 8/8 Absolutely amazingand cheap for what you get! A MUST HAVE!"
76561198103519295,Recommended,220200,7356661,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,7hePilot6uy,Awesome game!!!!!
,Recommended,220200,9717149,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,JonnyW,Would recommend. Can get quite boring at times but if you install a few mods (which is quite easy in itself) and set yourself a few challenges you can get right into it. Also be aware that this game is still in early development so some things might not go to plan. The majority of the bugs are gone but there is still some annoying ones. I think a good addition to this game would be a multiplayer Co-Op (or maybe even a Versus). This would add a whole new element to the game. You and your friend could make a space program together! Or even try to out wit each other and get more science! Who knows. Just by opinion. Bra'h
76561198026843966,Recommended,220200,8025938,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,jahwillprovide,Would reccomend this game highly to anybody and everybody. Have been playing since .08? possibly .06? Nothing is like the satisfaction of building your own spacestation from scratch.
,Recommended,220200,7934715,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Moltrase125,This game is sooo much fun and you can blow stuff up by making crappy rockets!
76561198011483539,Recommended,220200,7963068,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Pandito,"Great but, very math intense...not a bad thing just if you want stuff to work get a pen and paper otherwise just watch stuff blow up."
,Recommended,220200,7998883,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Grays,A fantastic SimNASA that teaches orbital mechanics while being incredibly addicting.
,Recommended,220200,4160288,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Steelclaw1313,"The great thing about Kerbal Space Program is that you always have so much to learn. And the great thing about that is, it can take a long time to master it. That's what keeps you playing Kerbal Space Program and that's why It's a fantastic game.11/10"
,Recommended,220200,7430494,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Average Weaboo Gamer #82940,its really fun so anyone can enjoy it even if you fail at it like me
76561198090444779,Recommended,220200,12418537,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Garbfielf's l a s a g a その,Super friggin fantastic. hillarisally glitchy. and fun for all. you should get it.
,Recommended,220200,15159695,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Toodr,the green dudes can dienot enough ways though?5.001/10
76561198132271407,Recommended,220200,13889311,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Will,"Fantastic. It's definitely difficult, but that doesn't make it bad. I have recently attempting to go to other planets. I currently have several ships on Laythe. Most of them are rescue missions, for the one main mission."
76561198033257813,Recommended,220200,18697929,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Cripo,"To boldly go where no Kerbin has gone before... (Steep learning curve but it pays off and you will have a blast, recommended is you watch Scott Manleys tutorials)"
76561198047694111,Recommended,220200,11344851,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,SterCannon,Its really good but they should add steam workshop for easier Mod downloading. PEACE
76561198043569956,Recommended,220200,15310822,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Send Nudes,"While mods definitely add a lot for experienced players I do recommed new players start in science mode. This game is awsome but it will not hold your hand, I highly recomend watching how-to's about the basics. The vanilla version of this game gave me over 100 hours of content and I didn't even do everything, with mods there is so much that it is overwhelming at times. Cannot recomend this game enough if you enjoy sandboxy games"
76561198051419594,Recommended,220200,18576640,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Leblono,"This is one of the best game I have ever played. Its not for everyone, it has a terrible learning curve, you will have to watch tutorials and read a lot about the game. You might also restart 5-6 career to get the hang of it but its really worth it.You can play this game forever, there is almost no limit to what you can do, there are new contract/missions non-stop. If you like space exploration, you have to try this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,220200,2733162,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Bender,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,220200,18777190,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Vollwo,This is a great game if you're creative and you can have fun as young and also if you're old
76561198019955819,Recommended,220200,9647670,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,alex_nelson18,"Unreal Game waited all my life for something like this, a must buy, support the programe!!"
,Recommended,220200,10038383,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Levis,"The Best. Space Sim. Ever.It's a lot of fun, and there's a LOT of mods!  Huge community, great customisation, a lot of fun!"
76561197989218117,Recommended,220200,10043978,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Dark Angel Gaming,"KSP is a great game for those that want to explore a simulated universe. even though, there is a lack of stuff to do, there is always some design that you can make to get into orbit."
76561197968682554,Recommended,220200,12417469,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Airyk,"This game is a blast! Rockets, Explosions, Planets, Moons, Space!I like how the game manage encourage you to find new things to do. Oh, you could juste build rockets, and send them crashing on the surface of Kerbal (the starting planet) But what if you want to reach space and achieve a human dream?Then why don't you find a way to come back safely?Then take samples from atmospheric data?Could you manage to reach another planet and come back?Why don't you try landing on it? Manage to come back is much harder!What's next? Explore all the planets, moons and regions on each of them?Build Space Stations?There is so much to do, and you earn science and money and unlock even more badass rockets and parts that enables you to go beyond!I learned a lot from this game, which depict an ficionnal Solar system, but with realistic  set of laws, goals and economics which makes it all the more interesting!"
,Recommended,220200,5331824,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Drezi,herp derp
,Recommended,220200,10616847,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cajun Panda,Great game. Spent way to many hours playing.
76561197971543337,Recommended,220200,10193706,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,scootor,"Holy crap. My dream of being a NASA employee hasn't come true, but this is about as damn close as you can get without running on lots of treadmills for long periods of time.First off, after 16 hours of gameplay, I'm still terrible at this game. It would have helped to know about the game's built in plotting tools... (left click btw)... Also watching somebody play this game really helps. Every little sucess makes you hungry for more. It's pretty addicting that way.Second off... IT'S FANTASTICALLY WELL DONE. Even in the non-fully released version. Even with the incredibly steep learning curve. Hope you have a solid can-do work ethic, because actually suceeding at something after putting so much time in really gives you the dopamines. Lots of them.Third, this review is getting too long and takes me away from playing astronaut and that other thing that I do... slep? Slepp? Sllep? Sseep?"
76561198123099574,Recommended,220200,12327061,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Gandalf,ALL OF THE YES
76561198002482772,Recommended,220200,2111884,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Artemis3,"Highly addictive rocket science physics sandbox!Learn and explore true launching of rockets into space, orbital mechanics and landing in celestial bodies such as planets and satellites, or build space stations, send unmaned probes, rovers, etc.The game won't teach you much on its own, you are free to experiment and find out things by tinkering or find tutorials online if you like. There are no set goals (yet).You do what you like in the fictional solar system like universe of Kerbal. Game development in progress, they keep adding new features every now and then; ample modding community.Have endless fun and learning with your failures! Achieve glory with success! This is the type of game PC users used to have before the console dumbing era."
76561198027059332,Recommended,220200,23869565,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,jrbond1,it is fun
,Recommended,220200,15716153,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,AceOfAllTrades,"KERBAL/SUN, its pretty damn good. Make your own Fun. Science Sandbox for life!"
76561198059310521,Recommended,220200,7389810,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Spooler3,JEBEDIAH!!!!
,Recommended,220200,7865438,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,bebo,"You get to fly rockets, blow rockets up, and land on other planets!"
,Recommended,220200,8143157,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Althalin,"As a number of Brothers can attest, this is an entertaining game for a number of reasons. Whether you're playing alone and actually want to accomplish something, or playing with a group and just make ridiculous rockets (I'm lookijng at you, Brett), it's fun all around.If you have any interest in space, rocket science, or just launching little green men with giant heads on rockets, pick up Kerbal. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,220200,15047985,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,dRage,"I like to build oversized rockets wich would never lift of the ground and see them crash O_Oyep, pretty much sums it."
76561198044751479,Recommended,220200,8443703,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,explosivelego,fun a ton of fun there's a lot to do and well the new game mode is good for new players
76561198042001084,Recommended,220200,8413060,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,"Crimson ""Naroth"" Rogue",Game is truly amazing. I could spend countless hours in this game growing and learing how to become an astronaut
,Recommended,220200,6434103,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Jampakdd,PLAY IT AND LOVE IT
,Recommended,220200,8196545,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MrNockz✔,"The most fun you could ever have with a space game, highly educational also."
76561198039329581,Recommended,220200,15714508,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,mls0922,great space simulator love everything about it just landed on the moon lost my engines and now  sending out a search and rescue.
76561198041990177,Recommended,220200,4801250,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,exploitativity,"I highly recommend this game. It goes through building, launching, and piloting your own rockets and space planes to orbit your home planet, the 2 moons, and the rest of the solar system! However, it is a bit complicated, so I suggest you have a little physics know-how first."
76561198088375439,Recommended,220200,9973571,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Nautilus,"Hands down the greatest space simulator I've ever played. I have played since just after launch day and it has slowly but surely surpassed my expectations.  put nearly 200 hours ofm play time into it so far, it's great for casually building something or a super focussed ship building and solar system exploration. Has a fairly steep learning curve, but the tutorials are quite detailed."
76561198035464560,Recommended,220200,19495644,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ununtri,"The game that has no enemies and no brutality and the landing on a mountain by a plane made my heart pound harder than while playing Dark Souls. And also while I finished that one in 70 hours, in this case I have way more to go."
,Recommended,220200,21393350,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Schotsl,Awesome game once you get how stuff works
,Recommended,220200,7796238,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ProudCynic,"I must say, I entered the Kerbal Space Program with expectations of a mediocre time-waster within the contents of my $26.99. That was 123 hours ago. The game is in alpha, yet still carries the polish of many a final release. The game harbors a steep learning curve, yet rewards every moment of gameplay, productive or otherwise.You want to explore a massive solar system without bounds?This game is for you.You want do design, test and land your very own custom-made rockets with due realism?This game is for you.You want to send countless green astronauts to their deaths in extavagant firework displays?This game is for you.This game is the very pinnacle of open-world sandbox experiences.And it's only getting better."
76561198080743750,Recommended,220200,20747415,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Dean of Dean Uni,when your shuttle works and you don't know how: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
76561198018749353,Recommended,220200,18299442,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Foot Pussy,"When this game first came out, err about a year into early access: sales blew into the the sky (hehe get it?). The devs could have stopped there and walked out this just about as much money as they made over all. But they didn't, another two years came of almost pure refining. Making it the perfect masterpiece it is.The phrase ""it's not rocket science"" doesn't work here. I spent about 6 hours just trying to get my rocket off the a ground. To this day I have only landed on the moon maybe twice, I haven't even docked for that matter.(This is with about 120 hours of game play). It gives you a real challenge of build a functional rocket, and doing whatever you intend to do with it. May that be landing somewhere, making a space station, or starting a mining operation.The modding community Is also rather talented and produces well done mods that as I have seen stay well updated. The Devs even added in a little panel in the start screen for mods.A game with zero faulty mechanics, Dedicated devs, expanse modding community, and cute green guys you send into space. Really why they hell haven't you bought it yet?"
,Recommended,220200,13750754,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Geomancer,"What a surprisingly fun game, but also an extreamly challenging one!Prepare to become a rocket scientist because in this sandbox game you are tasked with designing rockets and using them to conduct science around the solar system. For a game it is actually pretty darn educational to be honest because it teaches you the basics of the physics involved in interplanetary travel and orbits.It is still very much a work in progress, but the progress is far enough along that there is actually quite a lot you can do in the game. It's all pretty much open universe (haha, instead of open world, you get it.... okay I'll stop now) and a complete sandbox. The game does not give you direction on what to do. So because of that, you really need to be self motivated.There is a basic tutorial in the game, but it really isn't what I would call sufficient to really get you started. Prepare to spend a coule hours (yes hours) watching YouTube tutorials so you can figure out exactly how it is you get into orbit, how you change your orbit, and how you can land on other celestial bodies.There are three modes of gameplay currently. Career, Science, and Sandbox. Career mode is the closest to an objective based gameplay that you're going to get. But this is also the hardest mode to play in. You have to manage your budget, your reputation, and complete missions to keep going but those same missions (called contracts) can provide you concrete goals to set out to achieve.In Science you start out with only basic parts and must conduct science experiements to collect enough science points to unlock more parts (very much the same as in Career mode). The big difference is you don't have to worry about money or reputation at all.In Sandbox mode, as should be obvious, you get access to everything right away and can build away to your hearts content, and like Minecraft there are people out there who make absoulty amazing creations.I recommend playing Science when you're starting out because it will ease you into each spaceship part instead of hitting you with all of them right away.So if you're not the type of gamer who can dig into a game to figure out how it works star far away from this game. If failure after a 30 minute flight makes your blood boil and rage ... stay away from this game. It really requires patience, creativity, and critical thinking to do much more than get into orbit in this game."
,Recommended,220200,4690775,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,GeissT,"I have been watching videos of this for a while and have finally decided to purchase it! I am very happy with it, you don't really need to know a lot about space exploration to play this game as it's online community pages provide excellent guides!"
76561198010077869,Recommended,220200,30620365,Posted: 19 March,all,Jazz1984,"An absolute treasure of a space game,   Start your own space program with just a few crazy Kerbals a basic rocket and many many explosions.I loved designing each rocket and testing it out to see the results, not an easy game to start with but once you get the hang of it you will soon be landing on other planets and moons, I have sunk over 400 hours into this game since it's alpha and the game just got better and better."
76561198125335002,Recommended,220200,30618417,Posted: 19 March,all,DanKolan,"Have you ever been fed up with how slow NASA is going in space travel? Have you ever wanted to take command of NASA and experiement with crazy rocket designs that somehow work in a physics simulation? In KSP, create wacky/completely legit rockets and battle against space! Play in sandbox mode and get unlimited access to all parts and exspences, or play in career mode and add a realistic challenge to traveling accross the stars!"
76561198222943852,Recommended,220200,30620448,Posted: 19 March,all,DCnano,I waited for simple chinese so long^-^ thank you so much
,Recommended,220200,7758874,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,patricktheawesome,"As an gamer and an engineer i have wasted many hours building a multitude of rockets and planes, trying to get them into space. When i first downloaded the game it was a very basic free build and fly mode but now the campaign mode really added another level to the game. If you genjoy testing things and watch them explode, this game i for you!"
76561198010119108,Recommended,220200,8723273,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,mibes,Lots of fun
,Recommended,220200,15528683,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Spartan_MiniMe,"I bought this game late last year after seeing gameplay videos from Scott Manley. I was at first skeptical about how the game would be, but soon discovered that I loved it. The raw challenge that it offered drove me to pull all nighters just to accomplish one mission. It took well of three hours for me to first get a rocket into a highly inclined, highly elliptical orbit, and just the thought that I had done something that awesome caused me to continue to play. No doubt, this game has a very steep learning curve, but once you've gotten over those first few bumps in the road, there are limitless possibilities. Not only is this game extremely fun, it also has the benefit of teaching something. Because of this game, I have learned a great deal about orbital mechanics, a topic which I hadn't even known existed, and plan to study upon graduating high school. This game has not only given me 317 hours of joyous  fun, at the time of writing this, but it has expanded my knowledge base far and wide. If you love science, work at NASA, are into rocketry, or love a good challenge, then this game, it's amazing community, and amazing mods are for you.Have Fun,Spartan_MiniMe"
76561197976108126,Recommended,220200,8744934,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,dudhit,"This game is ranking as my 2nd most addictive source of procrastination. Add a level of frustration for all the random unexplained failed launches and rather than give up, I end up spending more time trying a different design rather then iron out existing issues."
,Recommended,220200,19060998,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,ämmä,"Get it, it's got a bit of a learning curve but once you got it down you can build whatever you want,And the mods for this game are just bootifulyou can have mods that let you attach bombs and machine guns to your planeor mods that let you create tanks and suchIf your not convinced by the normal game, get it for the mods:)"
,Recommended,220200,18553927,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Skadoodle,ITS LIKE HAZ SPACE SHHPPS WOWY ZOWY
,Recommended,220200,8764402,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,shrubthebush,"Great fun and amazing detail. Create awesome land rovers, rockets, probes, sats. and launch them into space either to orbit the planet Kerbin or explore among the stars and land on exotic planets. 10/10"
,Recommended,220200,9720206,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Kitchen Faucet,I love this game beyond words
,Recommended,220200,19369713,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Gladiatorboss,loved the game. So good untill you notice that you don't have a parachute.
,Recommended,220200,19371341,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Macintosh Plus,I've reached a meter off of the ground after 378 fails10/10 would crash my rocket again
76561197981380120,Recommended,220200,11017269,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,WauseWalty,Awesome sauce.
76561198074793392,Recommended,220200,11125070,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,The Dragon Master,awesome mechanics and fun gameplay though a little hard to get the hang of
,Recommended,220200,20924321,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Distant,"Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaace!Every time the devs had a choice between making something fun or realistic, they went with realistic and it still came out fun."
,Recommended,220200,20186164,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[RX] Kersey,"KSP is an extremely well made sandbox game with great mechanics. With these awesome game mechanics, you can build endless types of machines and vehicles with many countless combinations using a wide variety of parts. This game is extremely fun and I highly reccomend it to anyone."
76561197976884847,Recommended,220200,733894,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Aether,I like space
76561197987305511,Recommended,220200,14771217,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,aaronfish,"Build rockets, strap hapless kerbalnauts to said rockets. Blow them up with poor engineering. Correct engineering, repeat. Strand them on moons or other planets. Leave them there for months as you figure out how to rescue them. Or build bases decorative or functional. With a dizzying modding community you can play it as a silly simulation, or a life and death operation where aeronautical engineering to reduce drag is a necessity. Where remembering to bring enough air and snacks is essential. In the end it almost always comes to: moar boosters, moar struts, and moar explosive fun!"
,Recommended,220200,20945111,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,hijifiji,Great game. Realistic enough. Ok logic and physics. Fun and silly. easy to learn.
,Recommended,220200,17365455,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Snapps,What can i say 319hrs on record and havent really scratched the surface.. I payed $25 in beta over 2 years ago and watched this amazing game grow. Buy it now
76561198116377575,Recommended,220200,7963299,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,FREE NORTH,"This game is amazing, it seems like aalot of money when just looking at the graphics but it is so in depth and for that is well worth what I paid."
76561198079095935,Recommended,220200,7971811,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,spaw.allen,"If you like simulation games, physics, challenges, and watching rockets blow up this game is for you!!! It is absolutely addicting and the possibilities are endless. Not to mention endless replayability! Something that is hard to find these days!"
,Recommended,220200,7934057,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Zamrath,I enjoy playing this game more than minecraft IT HAS LOADS OF POTENTIAL since it is still in beta so there are many features to come even though the game seems already complete. Anyway send spaceships you built into orbit to the moon or further that is if you built the rocket right and you don't crash it into an apartment complex leaving thousands of kerbles to be burned alive...
,Recommended,220200,7935159,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,I LOVE LAMP,Legos meets rocket science!
76561198055980098,Recommended,220200,7960114,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Rand Paul,best game in the planet!!!!! k.s.p. kerbal scuicide program.
,Recommended,220200,7960618,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Cozzy,Very fun
,Recommended,220200,7962670,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,tastyspam,"Easily one of the greatest games I've ever played. Manages to be complex and simple at the same time. Whether you're carefully calculating the fuel required for a Hohmann transfer or just carelessly strapping rockets to each other, the game never gets stale. It manages to be realistic enough while not boring you with too many details. The mods available are some of the best I've seen and expand the game considerably. Definitely worth taking a look at."
,Recommended,220200,7965985,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,pscott209,Best game ever!
,Recommended,220200,7971647,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Willsta,"One of the best and most modded games out there, definately worth the money even if it isnt finnished yet."
76561198002046645,Recommended,220200,7977803,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Kadaj,Amazing open sandbox game.  Really looking forward to updates
76561197993300196,Recommended,220200,7977936,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Tekel,So much fun to be had
76561197993460638,Recommended,220200,7978698,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,thepariaheffect,"An incredibly complex and difficult space sim that still manages to be fun. You will be frustrated until you do something correctly, at which point you will feel like a genius."
,Recommended,220200,7978716,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,AmadeusV2,You need this.
76561198054868887,Recommended,220200,7978858,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,stvmil,"This game is terrific. Guaranteed to ruin your social life. KSP caused me to jump out of my chair with my arms in the air and yell, ""I'm on the mun!"""
,Recommended,220200,7988673,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,♕ Spiny Tzar ♕,FUN FUN FUN
,Recommended,220200,7999207,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,MyKnee.GER,The only game you'll ever need.
,Recommended,220200,8017076,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Raze525,"how hard can rocket science be? This game gave me a greater appreciation for those who perform this science! This has a bit of a difficultly curve, but it is fun to fail in this game which makes the successes that much better!"
,Recommended,220200,8021685,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,FTL,"If you're a masochist, you'll love KSP."
76561198059089454,Recommended,220200,8023632,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,My god,funny....
,Recommended,220200,8024229,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,brought to you by Carls Jr.™,"With unlimited amounts of laughing, frustration, and maniacal laughter as you leave an astronaut in orbit, this game is an overall 10/10"
76561197993352816,Recommended,220200,26993879,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Frizban,I like this game very much.
,Recommended,220200,11116725,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,TheAustralianGamer,it is a good game with a huge group of mods but there is a problem with this that you download a mod theat stops the game from launching. please make a update that clears game breaking mods or make a mod that does this
,Recommended,220200,1479274,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,Urg,THIS GAME IS SO HARDI'M SO DUMB:(
76561198025209108,Recommended,220200,10835337,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Misofiend,Definitely worth buying and it just keeps getting better!
76561198002511124,Recommended,220200,2114119,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Talv,Bestest simulator EVER....Update: Its now out of early access and the BEST GAME EVER!
,Recommended,220200,8537868,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Haika D Raigne,"Kerbal Space program is a science-based air-&spacecraft simulator where you build your own vessels.The learning curve is steep if you aren't familiar with how rockets and planes work, but there are enough guides to explain that.Once you get the hang of it, you can create complicated systems for interplanetary transportation.Your creativity is the limit of you can produce.this game contains:- Trail & error gameplay- Wacky kerbal face cameras- SCIENCE!- hours of fun for the creative personAs it is an unfinished game, we can expect a lot of new content in future releases."
,Recommended,220200,10760163,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Emperor Provides,"I definitely recommend downloading it from the bay of pirates or similar sites.Seriously. This game is nothing but a result of broken promises, tears and forum-babbie forced updates.Don't support SquEAd. Don't. It's not worth it when the devs take your money, poop on them and smear them in your face."
76561198045595372,Recommended,220200,10588067,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MR. W,You will spend endless hours attempting to master just the right spaceship build to get you to the other planets in your solar system in career mode. Then figuring out how to hit the exact point in space at the exact time will challenge you as you attempt to figure out how to slow down enough to orbit one of these far planets or their moons. Dont forget to do EVOs every location around your own planet though so that you can earn enough science to get all the cool upgrades. Definitely recommend this game to any strategy/puzzle person who likes to fiddle with things to get them to wrok just right.
,Recommended,220200,11341171,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Captain Panic,"Look, there's no other way to put it: this game is the crack cocaine of simulators.  It's a bit dirty, it's cheap, and it's ridiculously addictive. From your first flight to your thousandth hour in-game, you'll never be able to master every aspect of the game, meaning you'll never escape your need for just one more hit.A purchase of this game is a personal statement, and that statement is ""I'm not playing any other games this year.""  It will devour you.  It will devour your free time.  It will take over your dreams.  It will occupy your every waking thought.  You will become a physicist, a mathematician, a god.Anyhow, yeah.It's pretty good."
,Recommended,220200,13534184,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,nuclear_eclipse,The best sandbox game just keeps getting better.
,Recommended,220200,15678715,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SkyWarp,"I have only really scratched the surface of this game and have to say I am really impressed.  Good graphics and simulation controls, the rocket building could use some improvements but is definitely serviceable once you get the hang of it.  Certainly feel it was worth the cost of the game and am looking forward to having lots more fun building spaceships and launching missions."
,Recommended,220200,19364183,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Trotus,"This is not a Pros Cons point by point technical review.I tried this game out of curiosity, I remember it was version 0.23 when I started.... Crashed, learned orbital mechanics, crashed again, left some Kerbals stranded everywhere, killed many (sorry I tried my best), sent probes without antennas, found myself without parachutes after re-entry and attached landing gear the wrong way among other countless hilarious things.Before I had no interest in space; Now I find myself watching live rocket launches and heavily interested in Space exploration and technology. Looking to work in the sector as I finish my studiesP.S. The (Mod)community is amazing."
76561198014433187,Recommended,220200,15905685,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,[BAMI] Ghost,"Design planes and spacecraftSet up your own space programMod the hell out of it (addons and mechanics)Have fun for hours.The fact that people have made so many cool mods for this really adds to the experience. From extra, massive, boosters to the requirement for satellites. This game can give it all.Want to know what happens when you strap 30 boosters to the space shuttle? Build one, strap 30 boosters to it and find out. You'll also find out why space travel is so difficult and expensive.For science!"
,Recommended,220200,10631643,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Flaagg,"Most Realistic NASA simulator 2014 & 2015. space/10, would crash- uh... visit the moon againEdit: Now Torists can 'visit' the moon too!"
,Recommended,220200,2329806,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Σ.THD,"Ok you've seen this game, why wouldn't be on your steam. given this games in BETA there will be more to come right? Well if theres not as in if the world ended, aliens would love this game in BETA as should you. The price don't get in a tuff over the price its worth it! it'll be on sale some time so do yourself a favor and buy it.Gameplay is kinda slow for your first 10 launches but add some mods and strap in because this will suck you in like a ♥♥♥♥♥ on the Vegas Strip!gameplay = 9/10 at start 7/10narrative = nothing/nothingstory = nothingreplayability = 9/10"
,Recommended,220200,5479157,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,mysterybiscuit,"Kerbal Space Program is a game in Early Access made by Squad, a company that does not really have any experience with making games:The GoodFun, the game has a sandbox mode that is thoroughly enjoyable, you can put together whatever you want to do, as long as your computer (particulary your CPU) can cope with it.Realistic-ish, the game is in some points rather realistic, like the orbital mechanics. The aerodynamics are not really realistic, but it is still an exceptional amount of fun to have a perfectly normal plane pull of 15Gs. The game also shows you how it is to run a space program rather well, not that I have any experience running space program.Size, as many mothers say: ""Size does not matter!"" Well, if you are going to space, then you might want to have other planets at a far distance, so they can not affect you noticeably.Long, I have put 400 hours into this game and I have not yet been even close to seeing everything. I bet that you can put more hours in this game than Scott Manley and still not have seen everything.Time Warp, I am so glad that the time warp goes up to 100 000x, because otherwise missions to for example Jool (Jupiter) would take an eternity.Big modding community, the amount of mods that have come out for this game is big, nothing compared to Minecraft, but still it is amazing. For example the aerodynamic problem that I mentioned can be fixed with mods.The Mediocre:Difficult, the game is very difficult and the tutorials are not that amazing, but with help of youtubers like Scott Manley, you should be able to get into orbit within a few hours.Career mode, the career mode in this game is not really done yet and I did not really enjoy it, once the game is finished career mode might be a lot better, but in its current state.High Requirements, for this game to run properly, you will have to have a computer, particularly the CPU part that is rather high-end. I have no trouble with it, since I run an overclocked i7-4930k.The Bad:Kraken, even though the kraken has mostly been fixed, it is still there and sometimes really ruins the game. For example when you have finally grappled onto a massive asteroid, you start suffering from all kinds of glitches and these are very frustrating.The Verdict:This game is a good sandbox game and a rather good space simulator, but the aerodynamics are not the best but that can be fixed with mods. The only big bottleneck for you to buy this game is the high pc requirements, but as long as you have an i7 (tested on i7-870, i7-3630QM and i7-4930K) or a new i5 you should be able to run this game with more than 30FPS. This game is a good example of what new/indie companies can do."
76561198085340962,Recommended,220200,7933243,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Sea Salt,Loving this game! Like NASA in real life with a mix of comedy. If you like big explosions mixed in with a lot of fun and sometimes challenging tasks this game is for you! This is my 2 most lpayed game and all worth the money!
,Recommended,220200,7984790,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,MattTommo,"Fantastic game, difficult and takes a while to learn but nontheless still a great game"
,Recommended,220200,13946625,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Quenty,It keeps Crashing for me everytime I load it in.The Crash was called 2015-01-11-125632
,Recommended,220200,13979521,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ArcticKillers1979,This game is the perfect game for space nerds.
,Recommended,220200,13923410,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,SquatingDog,Really Really awesome game if u love space and sim games this is for u.
76561198047797975,Recommended,220200,13928831,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,The Almighty Scryfish,Probably the best thing in early access right now.
,Recommended,220200,11389667,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Pezz the Scrub,GET IT
,Recommended,220200,13917968,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,g0ggles,Early Access Done Right
,Recommended,220200,13123035,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Vitriolvox,Hard to start off at first but once you get the hang of the basics and fundamentals it becomes a game with nearly infinite replay-ability that is still at the same time fun and challenging.
76561198071315787,Recommended,220200,14044260,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Blondie,It's amazing!!!
,Recommended,220200,7814421,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Rendelven,"This game is a great rocket building and space faring simulation. You build your own rockets in attempt to launch your little Kerbals into space. It is quite in depth, and while still in alpha, it's great fun and a great challenge. I have screenshots of some of my fun times!"
76561197996709150,Recommended,220200,8132804,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Spider Dave,"Who would have thought that a realistic orbital dynamics simulator could be so much fun? I fell in love half an hour in to our relationship, and it's never let me down. This is one of my all time favourite games."
,Recommended,220200,12220761,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Perse spits mad fire,"This game is AMAZING,Great communityGreat gameplayGreat modsFor the first few weeks you won't be able to do ANYTHING in this game (i.e getting into orbit etc) But you can just mess around and KILL ALL THE KERBALS :D But once you get the hang of orbitting,you can just do all the stuff (I'm not saying well,but you can). Some people think that it's too expensive. But no,I would happily pay double that.On the other hand,updates are so sssllllooooooooowwwwww.Maybe 4 or 5 a year (or at least that's what it feels like) But it's fine,because the mods make this game great.Seriously,buy this game and go watch Scott Manley."
76561198062988775,Recommended,220200,11875710,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Saurons Mund,It's not rocket science... It's a must-have!
76561197999803859,Recommended,220200,7652720,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,von Keenan,Is good
,Recommended,220200,10045967,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Mr.Ruffles,Nothing can break the smiles off these Kerbals.
76561198082291161,Recommended,220200,7004101,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,chicken,"I love this game so much. I suck at it, and have never even landed on the Mun, but I love making planes, cars, transport ships, space stations, ect. This game will never get old, as long as Jebadiah Kerman is still living, but that crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ can't die anyway."
,Recommended,220200,10538559,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Spunjji,Possibly the most educational and absorbing waste of my time that I have ever engaged in.  Each update simply serves to bring more joy.
,Recommended,220200,9511242,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Rocksteady,one of the best games I've ever owned
,Recommended,220200,12699110,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Pride,"Absolutely amazing game. The feeling of satisfaction that you get when you accomplish a task, like putting something into orbit, landing on the Moon, or docking for the first time is indescribable. Even if you're not that interested in rocket science, or space, or physics, or science in general, you'll still get a blast out of playing this game.This game just excels in it's creativity, fun-ness, and sense of adventure. A must buy."
76561198053173480,Recommended,220200,15231881,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Turtleology,Slaughtered Countless Kerbals to make a working♥♥♥♥♥♥Plane.10/10
,Recommended,220200,1320033,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Chronix,"Space.... The final frontier... If you can make it there.The game is very challenging as you have to take into account every day things like putting a kettle on to make a cup of coffee or microwaving last nights chinese for lunch...Not really, but you need to understand weight distribution on your spaceship and/or plane. The game is really enjoyable as you are a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥ guy that has a helmet on and making sure to control the ship so that he doesnt crash and burn like a little♥♥♥♥♥Buy the game and be one with the aliens"
,Recommended,220200,13464161,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Choo Choo Motherfucker,I land my spaceplanes by pointing them at Kerbin and thrusting.011010100110010101100010/10 would die on reentry again.
76561197991147863,Recommended,220200,8275025,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,⌬ ☃ Wa'okeimo Ae'epeoha'alom,Must-have!
76561198072838119,Recommended,220200,13545317,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,waaca,This is a pretty fun game can't wait to see where it is once it goes live.
,Recommended,220200,13552598,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Capture737,"Have you ever wanted:-To travel to space?-To go to the moon?-To see rockets explode on the launchpad?-To smash rockets into planets, moons, the sun, other rockets and many other things?If yes. this game is for you.The game is challenging, addicting, addicting and overall, beautiful in all ways.Best ""simple"" and fun space simulator out there and if you don't have enough with the vanilla game, there are lots of mods that improve the game experience, from improving visuals to adding things to the yet extensive gameplay.Seriously, even if you only want to see explosions and stupidly big rockets lifting off, get this game."
76561198009705869,Recommended,220200,13201283,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Darque,"This game is a glorious time sucker.  It is hard to put down.  I play the game in career mode, working on solving how to complete contracts. You receive a conract, and then build your rocket, test it, crash it, revert time, tweak the rocket, and repeat.  Before you know it, 3 hours have passed.  Then that magic moment when your rocket works, and you complete multiple contracts with a single launch. I makes those 3 hours spent worth it, So you get yourself some more contracts and do it again.  Before you know it, its 4am and you realize you should have been in bed hours ago."
,Recommended,220200,12763975,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,MangoX,"After the Economic Boom Update: Rocket-Crash-on-the-KSC Simulator.There are no meters to say how much this game is awesome, Its completely out of every concept.No meter to say how much awesomeness is here.The feeling after building something tha flies/goes obrbit and in space doesn't have price tag!"
76561197962300608,Recommended,220200,8709946,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,OBE_Tyrann,SCIENCE!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198063234907,Recommended,220200,7745357,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,sega517,Great game that challenges you but is highly rewarding.
76561197973614108,Recommended,220200,13485261,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ser Carl of Bluffington,Lego space flight sim.
,Recommended,220200,12415786,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Uncle Slim,thar r no wurd 2 diskribe tis games awsomnes
76561198063755467,Recommended,220200,9055542,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,alexmcloud,"This is a highly addictive game. I have not enjoyed a game to this magnituted in many years. Most games sorta have that edge you reach where it is no longer a challenge and begins to collect dust. NOT SO with this wonderful game. It is very challenging and rewarding. I recently made my first Minimus landing (moon) and that alone was a standing fist pup at 3 in the morning event. But after I brought my little astronaut home safely, I was jumping up and down with excitment after hours and hours of nailbiting anticipation. I nerded out and strutted my stuff for a day all like ""yeah......made it to the moon and back"" SUCK IT! It is a great game. If you are a fan of minecraft or designing and tinkering and puting those ideas to the test. BUY IT! you will not regret it. Only warning.....you will be destracted and working on designs in your head when not playing."
,Recommended,220200,14236206,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,BabyHead,"Kerbal Space Program is a game about space travel and uses maths and trigonometry to trace out great arcing orbital transfers between celestial bodies, the kind that goes catastrophically wrong from time to time and scatters charred debris all over the side of a mountain. Kerbal Space Program looks like a cartoon but plays like a simulator, you get to design your own rockets, spaceplanes, rovers or anything your imagination can create with parts provided and fly them, well most of them crash and explode if you are new to the game. But in this game failure is almost just as fun as success because when you get your crazy contraption to actually work is amazingly rewardingGameplay 10/10"
,Recommended,220200,8550040,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,DGtal,"In my opinion, one of the best games ever made. The possibilities are endless. There's so much stuff to do that you will never get bored of this game. Only downside is that the texturing can use some work.  9/10"
,Recommended,220200,14199483,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mr. Jelly,"This is the best, comedy, space exploration ""simulator"" and designer anyone has ever made. It is hilarious, catastrophic and  absolutely supercalafragilisticexpialadotious. If you don't have it and you don't plane on getting it, well...GET IT ANYWAY!!! It is so worth the price!!!"
,Recommended,220200,13444073,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Left 4 Team Portal 2: Episode 3,"To quote from Portal 2: ""Space"""
,Recommended,220200,11192312,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Workwaffle,"had old review but ended up taking it down. This game is easily my favorite game of all time. The comunity support is overwhelming and the developers have been consistantly puting out new content for the game. This game does require you to havce paticiens and a bit of futility. This is the game that you play 30 hours and give up out of frustraion, or play 300 hours out of a constant itch that the next coolest thing is around the corner and that you just need to die 45.6 more times to reach it. You can  find tutorials and stuff online but they dont in spire the same justice as launching a small core and seeing it blosom in to a full on spaceport. Glitches, yes but they add to the fun unlike some games (arma 2 cough cough, dayz cough cough) they are regularily being fixed and have had new fetures put in their festering place. This game shows that you can have your cake of delicious intellegence and eat it as well.  To sum up my opinion on it has comedic value, it's engaging, it is highly rewarding in its own sence and you will get smarter in the process. I would give it 9.5/10"
76561198059544682,Recommended,220200,10644451,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kerbalnaut,Launch a space station into the mun's orbitSpace station has a skylab that stores experiments from moonRealize that i discovered every biome on the moonPlan to return Kerbals back to KerbinSpace Station runs out of fuel and is headed out of orbit of KerbinSend a rescue missionRealize that the I launched the rocket the wrong waySend another rescue missionForgot to add a docking port to dock with the space stationDecide to manually control the 4 kerbals on the space station and make them fly to the rescue craftAll kerbals make it onto the rescue craftResuce craft returns to KerbinBig explosion happens yet everyone is still alive10/10 Would launch another space station into orbit
,Recommended,220200,14271489,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,[BBP]-Restara,"If you like space or rockets or science this game is for you.  The learning curve is very steep, but the rewarding feelings of creating a rocket that flies and can travel the solar system is so awesome."
76561197968915452,Recommended,220200,10806123,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Erotic Jesus,Best time-waster there is.
,Recommended,220200,14092676,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Fonty,I've had this game for so long and haven't been able to reach the mun. I spend so much time just blowing up spacecraft to care about anything other than explosions!
,Recommended,220200,13417580,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,[GOF] Neo,"hours of fun watching your ""spacecraft"" explode"
,Recommended,220200,28004803,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,XArchitectX,"Best space simulator out there. It may have funky green guys and look kinda silly, but let me tell you it is far from simple."
,Recommended,220200,11519814,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,MnM | L94,"Awesome Game!Can recommend to anyone who is interested in physics, building stuff, or sandbox games in general!"
,Recommended,220200,7637932,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Xie,"Remember, if it doesn't work, more rockets."
,Recommended,220200,27560911,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Algirdyz,"I truly believe I will play this game forever. With endless amounts of mods, possibilities and learning opportunities you could spend an eternity in there.It's a game that inspired me to pursue more from life and try to achieve something greater than myself."
,Recommended,220200,1470819,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,|ne|Monkeh,"Rocket science. Literally. I find myself somewhat obsessed with this awesome little title. The buzz of getting your first creation off the ground, then getting it quite high and then eventually into a stable orbit, is surprising.Can't stop planning in my head how to go further and do more, a lander attachment required? Better design and build one then, remote controlled rover payload? Go for it. Next stop, the Mun!"
76561198094901501,Recommended,220200,22227453,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Cookuhdah | csgolive.com,Love this game. Just look at how many hours I've played and you'll know.
,Recommended,220200,8969237,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Sgt. Wubs,Built a ship. Tried to dock the ship. Exploded into tiny pieces upon ramming. Laughed my balls off. 11/10
76561198141976387,Recommended,220200,11065725,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Calisthene,"Definitely recommend this game, it is so rewarding getting your rocket off the ground and your kerbals to their destination unharmed and without getting lost in space! Steep learning curve though for a game, tutorials are a must!"
76561198072422848,Recommended,220200,10012308,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Ylfenah,"I Love this game, its amazing, I think its a good game because it is a physics simulator (and its really realistic in that form too)heres a few things I'd like to see maybe in a next update : Steam Workshop (for those hard to install mods or if you are to lazy to install, like me) , more fuel tanks, more flight modules, more arrowdynamic things such as nose cones , roater blades such as seen used by a helicopter (maybe a heliport to use less rocket fuel to get to space) , more buildings to make the game look more inhabited (you know , how our planet has loads of houses, and buildings) , animals (self explanitory) . and last, one far away planet, so far away, but it would be worth the distance because there'd be life!I know the game is in EARLY development (at the time of posting this) but I hope to see maybe 1 to 2 of these.[smileyface]"
76561197964373694,Recommended,220200,10496681,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,RubberDucky,"Kerbal Space Program is a simulation of modern and past space programs.  You take control of little green men, Kerbals, and try to do whatever it is you decide to do with them.  If you want to reach space,  you can do that.  Do you want to crash rockets into the sun?  Can do that too.  Try to put a flag on every planet in the know solar system?  Can be done.Modding makes the game even more fun as you can add more parts or gameplay mechanics to the game.  Want a life support system?  There is one.  Want to fly remote control ships with Line of sight required?  There is one.  Harvest resources and make a space program that is green-centric?  There is one.  Want to shoot lasers and missles at stuff?  There is one.There is no multi-player however but it is to be expected with a game that has time controls.  You don't want to run the game for a year just so you can get closer to a planet.Kerbal Space Program is a game you should really play.  Try the Demo, see for yourself."
76561198047432195,Recommended,220200,5286349,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,The One,Awesome but fiendishly difficult game to master.A musthave for rocketscientists (and those that pretend they are).
76561198011501003,Recommended,220200,15600651,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kawalsky,Best game ever. Nothing more to say :)
76561197984729527,Recommended,220200,13746840,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Hi Ho Silver!,"100% worth getting. I've put almost 50 hours into this game and see myself putting hundreds more into it.If you are remotely interested in space, this game is worth the money.Know that the learning curve is steep, and it helps to watch some training videos to get to know what's possible in the game (I recommend Scott Manley on YouTube), but once you start to get the hang of it, it's like nothing else."
,Recommended,220200,11859026,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,TheBoss_9001 - Бог секса и вина,"It's like Gravity, Independance Day (less the hostile aliens), Armageddon and Apollo 13 all rolled into one! Seriously, if you haven't stressed out over the degrading orbit of your Duna Space Station Mk.87 you haven't expierienced a better space/pys sim.Turn it up to 11 and blast off!"
,Recommended,220200,8974334,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Pafrla,Kill your green dudes multiple times trying to get to another planets. When you finally have made it to another start crying when you have made it home only to forget parachutes. 10/10 would smash into the ground again
76561198066435334,Recommended,220200,11188043,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Slay,I loved how acurate this game seems to real life space exploration. Fun for hours and hours!
,Recommended,220200,7808894,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,SlippyFox,"Awesome time suck. Non-Violent (although disasters happen). The state of the game has been evolving at a steady rate and things that were previously only available as an add-on Mod, are becoming built in.It can be frustrating due to lack of instructions, and the tutorial is also pretty lacking. Ship building is also a little on the unintuitive side, but that will evolve over time I believe.The recent introduction of ""Science"" is very welcome and fun to work through.I'm really hoping that Multi-Core processor support works out as there are performance issues with things as they stand, no matter how powerful your computer.I will update this in the future."
76561197982257381,Recommended,220200,16968643,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Davo,"Great sim!The difficulty (once you start to understand orbital mechanics, aerodynamics, TWR etc) is easy because it's not set to realworld sizes and distances as well fuel types is limited to keep smoother gameplay. But.. The modding community for this game is substancial to say the least. So you you want all realworld sizes, theres a mod for that, real fuels, more realistic aerodynamic calculation, graphics, life support, or if you fancy blowing stuff up instead of floating in space, there's a mod for that too.Few drawbacks for example the current version doesn't allow a huge part count within the load area before the game starts to bottleneck and lag.But you shouldn't be building a deathstar sized space station as a beginner and by the time you learn how to make the basic ships and stations... Hopefully the game will have it's improvements implemented by then.Would rate this game!I have funnelled many a fun hours into this game (more than what's showed on profile because of different directory folders for different modded game versions)"
76561197996824468,Recommended,220200,17263309,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Assailent,Great Game. The learning curve is very steep. There were a few times I put the game down in frustration.But I kept on soldering on and next thing I'm creating space stations with multiple parts while I have sent a unmanned probe to the Sun to collect data. Addictive and deep
76561198055238744,Recommended,220200,17269142,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Coco,Awsome game !
76561197970836070,Recommended,220200,17272234,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,mr-happyguy,"This has to be one of the toughest and most rewarding games I have ever played!If you like being creative and working on your engineering skills, this is the game for you.You will celbrate all your victories from your first launch through the atmosphere of Kerbin to your first safe return from the surface of Eve (which requires every braincell you have ;-) )There is always something new to do and new ways to do the same things.Wanna build a space station aorund the Jupiter equivalent Jool? Go and do it. Wanna build an ion-powered space bike? Go and do it. Wanna build a base on the moon? Go and do it.An extensive modding community keeps this game exiting and I guarantee you will return to it, even after 100+ hours.Highly addictive and highly recommendable."
76561198018624382,Recommended,220200,14495617,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Hezzamezza,Great game. Killed my whole team 11/10 please add steam workshop though. Also please make more tutorials.
,Recommended,220200,15486236,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Nortifax,You mean I can build my own rockets? And at least feel the smallest bit like a rocket scientist? Yes!
76561198042049952,Recommended,220200,15606019,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Munk33b01,"Been playing this game since early alpha. Absolutely love it!! The many hilarious and hair-raising happenings in this game makes it well worth the money. Besides, who doesn't want their own space program?"
,Recommended,220200,11406565,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ginzoo,"Even though this game is done in Unity, its very good and can be very very complex, depending on how much complexity you'd like (when you include mods). The vanilla version of this game can give you a massively long gaming experience. Very much recommended for everyone who is into Sandbox/Space and now resource management should give this a go."
76561198002518859,Recommended,220200,17325058,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,RedStar,Science ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220200,14316511,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Niccolo Kerman,"If you're looking for a simple game about space that doesn't really listen to the laws of physics, avoid this game.HOWEVER, if you're looking for a game that is a really fun way to learn about spaceflight as well as a really rather realistic rocket simulator, then you've found the game to play.It's really easy to sink hundreds of hours into this game, designing rockets, flying them and tweaking them to not explode. Get this game. You won't regret it one bit - until you notice that you've been gone from the real world for so long that the authorities have declared you legally dead."
,Recommended,220200,9358053,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Roushk,"I adore this game and have been getting into it recently. It has a learning curve but there are many tutorials online to help you along the way. I love the freedom you are given in KSP. With mods the game becomes more replayable than Minecraft. I have begun work on a Multi Staged interplanetary rocket that flies around and deploys a drone to mine Kethane (A mod) to turn it into fuel to power my quest. I am planning to visit Jool, Minmus, the Mun, Duna, Eve, and pick up my kerbals that are in orbit around the sun. At the time of me writing this I have 166 hours and it is my second most played game, and for reference I have 136 games. I love that you can decide to do anything and you are the one that figures out what to do and how to do it. From getting in Orbit to landing on Duna you will feel a sense of accomplishment because YOU did it. The reward for a successful mission is amazing.  I love this game and if you like to design and build rockets or anything for that matter give this game a go. It may seem a bit expensive at $26 but trust me, it is TOTALLY worth it."
76561198053328873,Recommended,220200,7779309,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,USAFPowerPro,This game is alot of fun! It gets you thinking and really trying to solve the problems of how to get to the Mun and other planets. It takes some patience at first but after a couple helpful how-t videos on youtube it became a really enjoyable game.
,Recommended,220200,17935618,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Sactomori,"- Great for those who love attention to detail- Highly gratifying career development; not too easy, but not impossible- Kerbals are awesomeI would recommend this as a great casual game that reinforces basic physics and engenders curiosity. My kid will be playing this as soon as they are old enough!"
,Recommended,220200,15154266,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Talha Muftee,"Worth the buy even if not on sale, you will get your money's worth. If you like exploring explosions or arguing with gravity you will love this. If you don't....we might not get along."
,Recommended,220200,9705064,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,[[LD.D™ #1]]™ |||| Sir ★ΦR,Just buy it - pure epicness
,Recommended,220200,27322030,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Poo Man,"What can I say, I've played the demo, I've bought the full game, now I'm learning rocketery!p.s. only doing this for the badge in which I have to review a game that I nominated for in the new steam awards."
76561198039433492,Recommended,220200,27315549,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cptKillbot,With every update the game only continues to improve. Even the vanilla version delivers big on replayability and the community only adds to it. 10/10 would fly into the Sun again
,Recommended,220200,9247794,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Anvil,If you're a true nerd... You'll love this.
,Recommended,220200,28795582,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ＰＥＮＧＩ,This game is out of this world. <inert seinfeld theme here>
76561198088056215,Recommended,220200,15796398,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Crombiem,"Holy Crap.This is the best game ive ever played. Bought it about 2 weeks ago, IM ADDICTED. Just flying by that friggin mun for the first time got me hooked. Can I get a lander there? What about a robot drone?On the negative note, the graphics are kinda bad for the surfaces of planets but far away and looking into space is amazing. Nailed the kerbals, I dont want them to die, EVER. Pretty realistic, dont expect it to be a complete simulator of the world around us but it is pretty good.BUY NOW. Get the demo if you dont believe me."
76561198117287352,Recommended,220200,22290059,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,SLC,"After playing this game for some time i kind of feel obliged to give a review.Kerbal Space Program, or short ""KSP"" starts you off with a space center. Mange it, build up your own space program. Of course you get tocrashfly your ships.I mainly play the ""Sandbox mode"". Here you don't have any restrictions on what (not) to do.In your space center you have two main buildings for building ships. The Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB) and the Space Plane Hangar (SPH).The SPH mainly is for planes and SSTOS, the VAB for rockets.You start your ship simple, command pod, fuel tank, engine. Maybe a parachute (optional).  After that you add what you think to be neccessary. This includes, but is not limited to, antennas, batteries, solar panels, landing gear, heatshields, wheels, wings. Make sure not to forget anything, you might get stuck in space.After building your ship, the fun really starts. You get to go to space! Go you!Just to realise that going up is not enough. Start over.Go sideways.Run out of fuel.Start over.Repeat. Until you get to orbit.By now you have probably realised that your knowledge might not be enough, so start looking up tutorials. Try to recreate them and reacht the Moon (Mun in KSP).After a lot of time, planning and trial and error you manage tocrashland your ship on the mun.I will have a hard time describing it, but the feeling is amazing.I know this review is by no means perfect. I don't think it does KSP justice. People have writtenessays on the most basic things.If you are interrested in space, flight, planes, tinkering and a ""few"" explosions here and there, get this game.Just be aware that this game is very heavy on physics and (rocket) science. And a bit of math (not too much tho)."
76561197991083539,Recommended,220200,7996801,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,LetoDK,Epic awesome!
76561198074845749,Recommended,220200,8000298,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Cat23,"this game is actually quite fun when you get into it, though very difficult, it is very rewarding when you get a kerbal to minmus or another planet"
76561198068876576,Recommended,220200,8005504,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Slartibard,One of my favorite games. Fun but very time consuming.
76561198073392412,Recommended,220200,8010120,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Help,"So much fun, if you wana play for giggles or as a simulator."
,Recommended,220200,8011545,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,HowToShpee🍌,Best space sandbox ive ever played
,Recommended,220200,8021976,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Thodi,"KSP (Kerbal Space Program) is exactly what I was looking for in a space simulation game.It has a deep and difficult ""gameplay"" and relies on trial and error when it comes to building spaceships.Many (helpful) game elements must be downloaded and installed as mods and much internet research is needed to understand some of the games elements.Game is not finished yet, but maybe sometime in the future there will be fun and explanatory tutorials to every game element.Why am I recommending this game?Because it is rewarding in every way. After trying for hours, reaching space is rewarding and feels unbelievably awesome. But this is when the real fun starts. You reach one goal and you get to another and this goes on forever.Who shouldn't play this game?Nobody who thinks long gameplay sessions suck and are boring.Nobody who has no patience at all.Nobody who doesn't want to get sucked into a complex game which would make tons and tons of fun if you just sat there for a little longer to get into it.Nobody who wants to learn anything in any way.TL;DR A complex, difficult, yet interesting and rewarding game! Nothing for somebody who's: short on time, has no patience, and hates learning about stuff!"
,Recommended,220200,8024086,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Caboose,"It is like working at NASA expect with unlimited money and goverment restrictions. You can send Kerbals to the outer reaches of the galaxy using dozens of different propulsion or send them stright to the sun. With a huge modding community you can even import the Sol System, our solar system. Suit up and shoot for the Mun in Kerbal Space Program."
,Recommended,220200,8024124,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,xyrrex,This is an excellent game where almost anything you can think of can be built and put into space. I'd compare it to minecraft in its sandbox feel and almost as many things are possible here as they are there. You should immediately purchase this if you1. Like Space2. Like Building Things3. Like Physics4. Have an ImaginationHappy Launching everyone!
76561198046348465,Recommended,220200,8024959,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,griffin175,"i love this game, this was the only game i played for 2 weeks strait. only isue is it takes a while to learn. i gave up at first but if you just watch a few youtube videos you'll be good. scott manly makes good videos and special agent kirrim is hilarius. theres tons of mods out there. its a great game, i recomend it."
76561198010207209,Recommended,220200,7746531,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,(CH3)2CO,Yes.
76561198080936059,Recommended,220200,7752715,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,GORK,"Kerbal Space Program is a game that will take alot of trial and error and you will get fustrated if you don't know what your doing. But if you know what your doing ""and after some time you will"" it becomes very fun and enjoyable to explore the meny planets and moons in the kerbal system and let your imagination go off the walls. all in all its a fantastic game and with more updates comming around the cornner its only gunna get better BUT with each update the price of the game goes up so get it as soon as you can because I can't recommend this game enough. Oh and one last thing the game will be laggey unless you have a SUPER computer but i'm sure they will fix that some time soon."
,Recommended,220200,7754456,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[216]Juice0123,"A wonderful game, i highly suggest it. It has a tough learning curve, i still can't get much more then orbiting probes. But trial and error makes for a high reply value.Can't wait for this game to be complete."
76561198002519859,Recommended,220200,7758497,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kupiakos,"Ermegersh, there's like rerckets and sterff!"
,Recommended,220200,7774230,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,zogga007,Super Awesome space sandboxing
,Recommended,220200,7777580,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Jason,"Recommending Kerbal to someone is a hard thing to do, it is not a game for everyone. However if it is for you it is fantastic and you will sink untold hours into it.Kerbal Space Program is basically a sandbox where you build a space ship and fly it into space. Sound simple? Well it isn't, at all. You have 100+ different pieces you can put on your ship ranging from remote guidance units and propulsion systems to self-made space buggies and landing struts. Each part easily attaches to each other and works together however the order of these is vital for success.When launching a ship you have to think about everything from staging the rocket so the highest power is first to get out the atmosphere and then using lower power to position yourself in space all the way to working out where the center of gravity on the ship is and lining it up to the center of the thrust.In short, this isn't pick up and play but is unlike any other ""game"" out there. Well worth a tenner (when on sale) if this is your thing."
,Recommended,220200,7792526,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TheBillsProject,Its The Best Space Buliding Game EVER
76561198036012858,Recommended,220200,7793944,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ScottMcPwn,"Simply fantastic, best game I've ever played.It's an extremely realistic physics simulator with an entire Solar System to explore, a huge variety of parts to construct rockets to  send satellites, space stations and Kerbals into orbit aswell as being able to land on any planet or any moon and plant the flag of your country's space program!"
76561198002477296,Recommended,220200,7794234,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Guardsmon,"It keeps getting better and better... Not once made it to the moon, but had several spectacular explosive missiles leave the platform! :) Helps if you're a little good at maths and physics but just like lego with rockets that could have little green things in spacesuits strapped to them... Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,220200,7796035,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,BronillaBear,I have absolutely had an amazing time while experiencing the truly just magnificent game.  This game will challenge you to create a vessel that can travel to different moons or planets in the Kerbin System.  The feeling of satisfactory of when you perform a sucessful landing on a different planet or moon is undescribing. The game will challenge you to use your mind to think how to reach your goal in this game.9/10
76561198014517085,Recommended,220200,7798916,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Asher,"I have never felt a sense of accomplishment for the simplest tasks in a game like I have in Kerbal Space Program.  This game makes you earn your keep.  The learning curve is steep, but the game is a ton of fun to learn and play and explore with."
76561198056602333,Recommended,220200,7799940,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RustyTanker,THis game takes serious math and mixes it with comedy.  Yes many ships will fail but at least they will explode hilariously.
76561198101653043,Recommended,220200,7826930,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,S C A R Y,Totaly awesome game liksom!
76561198068894281,Recommended,220200,7829634,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Drake,Addictive!
,Recommended,220200,7855959,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Single Malt,"I was pleasantly surpised with Kerbal.If you think it would be awesome to build satellites, space stations, rovers, and landing on the moon in your very own custom built rocket that is more likely to explode than get you there, than this game is for you. They do a reasonable job adding physics principles (weight/drag, gravity, and operating in space) using a waypoint and thruster bursts system.I'd say that the rocket building editor is one of the finer parts of the game and the controls are generally intuitive.While there is a ""career mode"" this game is more about the open sandbox. The world (or space for that matter) is your oyster to explore.You might be tempted to read the online wiki for instructions on how to get into orbit and then out to the moon (Mun). I suggest forgoing such help until you really get stuck as figuring it out is have the fun of this game!My biggest grips are awkward camera angles, lack of a really good tutorial, and parts that seem unfinished (where it is in alpha so this is all entirely forgivable).One thing to note thought, this game is really cpu and ram intensive. This is particularly true when you make very large and complex rockets.I'd put this game in the ""casual gamer"" category. Its a great time waster with surprising depth, and you really get a sense of accomplishment after completing that landing..."
,Recommended,220200,7866568,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,nickb,Best game I've played in a long time
76561198073676414,Recommended,220200,7893723,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Lord Bloodcrown,"Amazing, truly and honestly."
,Recommended,220200,7898913,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Kodiak-K2,"I would HIGHLY recomend this game. It is regularly on sale so pick it up then but man.... this game... To give you some forewarning, there is a STEEP learning curve in this game but if you go to YouTube and look up Scot Manley he has extremly informative videos on how to get you going in this game. You will crash, a lot. You will loose ships due to lack of fuel, a lot. But when you make it to that destination, and you will (eventually) it will be one a moment you will remember forever. I would recommend playing through the campaign instead of sandbox purely for the fact that it will help train you in some flight mechanics. You won't be able to build a craft that will hit the Mun (their equivalent to a moon) but it will still be a lot of fun. My review didn't convince you? Go over to YouTube and type in KSP Build Fly Dream Trailer. That should be a good litmus test to whether or not you want to play this game."
76561198061445256,Recommended,220200,7904895,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,gitterdunn,"This game can be one of the most addicting, rewarding games there is.  The new Career mode brings the game to a whole new level, with an added incentive to gain science.  However, implanted in this game is a steep learning curve, which, once gotten over, creates one of the most immersive games ever.  If you aren't a serious astronomer or interested in space, this is still the game to get.  Besides, who doesn't like building absurdly large rockets that threaten to crash the game and have the whole rocket burst apart, sending debris everywhere and having Jebediah careem through the bits and pieces in his little capsule(if one does not use Jeb one does not live).TL;DRFun game, immersive with a steep learning curve but is entertaining and fun from the very beginning"
76561198038366434,Recommended,220200,7914415,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,P75Formula,"This game is great. If you have even the slightest interesing in space and rocket science this game will consume you. I often sit down at my computer intending to play something else and before I know it, I'm carefully adjusting orbits and testing out new rocket designs for hours."
76561198008722330,Recommended,220200,10618887,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,jeecob,great game everyone should play it
,Recommended,220200,8412167,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Stephan262,"Space, the final frontier, these are the missions of Jebediah Kerman and the Kerbal Space Program. Its continuing mission, to fire things into orbit, to moons, and distant planets. To boldly go where no Kerbal has gone beforeTo those with skill, it's a complex space exploration simulator. To those still learning, it's a crash course in rocket design and flight, filled with explosions and fun."
76561198042697149,Recommended,220200,4870363,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Elderoy,"This game gives you instant PHD in astrophysics by exploding tons of things...Or not. I don't know, ask Nasa :pTotally worth it :D"
76561198142853402,Recommended,220200,13480274,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dewgid,Rating: 9.5/10Pros:-Updated reasonably often-Accurate simulation and physics (not including phantom forces)-Very large scale and accessible solar system-Extremely wide variety of things to doCons:-Aerodynamics could use a small amount of tweaking-Tutorials could be more instructive and explanatory (Youtube videos can be used as a guide; it took me about 45 minutes to understand the conceptVery fun and enjoyable game overall
76561198071016031,Recommended,220200,9679038,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,The Hypoallergenic Squirrel,Hilarious yet serious. Hours of fun ahead!
,Recommended,220200,15586478,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Slotblock,Best game EVER!!!!!
76561197963775767,Recommended,220200,15583254,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Unstable Trigger,"After adjusting to the learning curve and ton's of trial and error finally made it to Kerbin's  moon ""Mun"" Orbit!Lander was badly damaged on landing but I planted my first flag off world!Waited for the right moment to lift off to rendezvous with the return vehicle and ran out of fuel!IVA with my kerbal and leaped away using  RCS jet pack to escape orbit as my lander crashed bellow!Used my AI controlled return vehicle to rendezvous with my kerbal  before he is smashes back into the ""Mun""!Rescue successful and mission complete returned back to the space center on Kerbin with my kerbal alive!99/10  would go on epic  mission's with poorly designed space craft  again and again!"
,Recommended,220200,7695731,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,stingwray,Play this jolly arcade with your children!
76561198072617611,Recommended,220200,6694903,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,The Noodler,Epic Game!!
76561197971295397,Recommended,220200,13175099,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,[HigH] GhostOfDaniel,"I really enjoy this game.  I waited until I was good enough to get into orbit and to the Mun before writing this review because early on KSP can be very frustrating.  I recommend going through all of the game tutorials and YouTube videos for additional help and guidance.  This game has a ton of playability.  The more you learn, the more you realize how much more there is to learn.  For example I can get to the Mun (very difficult for starters!) however I am still learning how to dock ships in orbit.  You won't like this game if you want to just run around shooting things.  You'll have about 3-4 hours of fun blowing up rockets.  For me, I REALLY wanted to get into space and explore.   If you want to learn and you're not afraid of a little ROCKET SCIENCE what are you waiting for?  I havent had this much fun in a single player game since I played the Minecraft alpha almost a decade ago so... BUY IT."
,Recommended,220200,7359666,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Warpunish,best game ever
,Recommended,220200,10047708,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Plasmid,"I've had this game since 0.20, and I've seen many updates. The game had many milestones, the best ones in my opinion being planets, asteroids, the space center revamp, etc. At 1.0, the game is immersive, entertaining, challenging, and above all, amazing. Kerbal Space Program is the best space game out there so far, to be honest. Anyone who has interest in outer space, rocketry, physics, science, or just exploding things, will love this game."
76561198034321246,Recommended,220200,7866580,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,rick1190,this is a very fun game even if you dont get some of the science terms
,Recommended,220200,10596198,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,penpen ヽ(。_°)ノ,"If you have any general interest in rocketry, space exploration, and the physics that makes all of that work, you will find it easy to spend many hours playing this game. This is the kind of sandbox game other games should aspire to be like. With support for mods and an active community, what more could you want?"
,Recommended,220200,2900678,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Black Meson,The best and most rewarding investment in gaming I have made. The only limit is your own ingenuity and imagination.
,Recommended,220200,1450511,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,[CPC] ikkyu,"Way more than a game... And yes, you need a brain to play this !"
76561198064143027,Recommended,220200,9388348,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,FearTheMoose,"Ever want to send rockets to space?Or send little men to their fates?You can use rocket science,or just guesswork like I did,and hope it doesn't explode in your face!There really isn't much else.There's no story, or combat, or stealth.Want to send people to space?You're in the right place.Otherwise, there's not much to tell.The physics are actually swell,and the UI works fairly well.If you're fairly bright,you'll be alright,if not, you're doomed to fail.So it's a fun little physcics game,for any who just adore space.You need patience and math,or else face the wrathof Issac Newton's domain."
76561198086907573,Recommended,220200,15722545,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,skadoosh,420/10 Dank as ♥♥♥♥. Seriously buy this game it will be the best spent 40$ of your life.#HerbalSpaceProgram
,Recommended,220200,8024330,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,BigSamSr,Probably some of the most fun I have. Once you get the hang of it you will have a hoot. Do no give up when most of your contraptions fail. You will find out how to get it to work.
,Recommended,220200,9128711,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Cam32541,"Kerbal Space Program is a great game if you like Space, and you want to build your own rocket to get to outer space.hope you know Rocket  Science lol if not you will have a awesome time Trial and Erroring your rocket builds out!You learn to Orbit a planet, build space rovers to drive on another planet, you need to build a space ship to get home, how much fuel are you going to need?How do you plan to power your stuff while in space? solar panels maybe?loads of stuff I haven't even said you get to do.. all and all great game right now in its early access!Support the games you like with your dollars!"
76561198010632127,Recommended,220200,12028430,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,DOMINATOR777EAS,Best Game I have ever bought! The replay ability is endless. The fun of flying and learning made into one outstanding product. Squad has won a customer for life.Keep up the great work!!V/RDomenic
76561198001057728,Recommended,220200,14167192,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Gadge,Classic
76561197983065821,Recommended,220200,10820829,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kamikaze87,"Great game, decent graphics, the most fun you can have without launching yourself into space.Edit:  Seriously, this game is now out of early access.  If you haven't bought it.  You're wrong."
,Recommended,220200,7743439,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Mr. Barnacle,"Think you have what it takes to play Kerbal Space Program? Well... it's rocket science, so be prepared for a mix of emotions as you play this game. From piecing your space-ship part by part to exploring the vast scaled worlds of Kerbin and it's surrounding Muns and planets, you'll enjoy this game over and over again.WARNING: These is one hell of a learning curve. From lingo like Hohmann transfers, aerobraking, and other neat real-world tricks, you'll put together an arsenal of skills and sheer ingenuity (with the help of Jebediah of course) to conquer your star system. Just remember to get an orbit first.So as an overall rating, I'll give this game a 9.8/10. The 0.2 is just from the lack of multiplayer, which of course can be supplied by the vast modding community. Oh, I forgot to mention that. Yeah, there's a buttload of mods. Take a look when you want an extra challenge :D"
76561198003349856,Recommended,220200,15148849,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,T-Bagz,Great game!
76561198045044357,Recommended,220200,8548594,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mobster,a purely fantastic game that will keep you occupied for hours... and that's just the sanadbox.
76561198043121069,Recommended,220200,15583917,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Redweaver_420,"Finally out of Early Access and very ready for Prime Time.  Kerbal Space Program is THE definative build-a-rocket-and-explore-space sim.  For anyone who always wanted to be an astronaut when they grew up or anyone who likes massive, satisfying pixel explosions, this game is great.  Loads of depth if you want to tackle the learning curve of rocket science and orbital physics (which are modeled accurately enough to rival your average college course) but also plenty of jam-a-bunch-of-crazy-parts-together-and-see-if-it-flies.  Highly recommended to anyone who loves Legos-in-a-sandbox style games."
,Recommended,220200,1834389,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,BFGfreak,"This game can easily provide hours of entertainment from your first feeble attempt to get into orbit to your first successful munar lithobreak (crash), to sending up 50 ton payloads into space and establishing colonies on other planets. Also the modding community is very active and friendly with a sizable variaty of mods to choose from from autopilots to shuttles, colonies, and stations."
,Recommended,220200,8440254,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Harock12x12,This game is for people who are willing to take time on their ships and carry out long missions.For hardcore space fans or anyone wanting to blow something up.
76561198044043331,Recommended,220200,15583727,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Care Kitty,Retains a massive replayability factor. The game calls you back for more in the early and even more advanced parts of the game. would rate a very humble and honest 9.7/10. Definitely pick it up for the price!
,Recommended,220200,15587289,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SteelCXLII,"Recommended, plain and simple, an amazing title with even amazing-er mods! Now sure its complicated but you can just Google Prus(Google), or NoobTube(YouTube) all the stuff you need to know, and well... EXPLOSIONS! MICHAEL BAY!"
,Recommended,220200,15584484,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Inami,I think I'm ready for NASA.
,Recommended,220200,9094978,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Moon man?,"This is the most complex game I've ever seen and I am terrible at it. Despite that this game is one of the most fun indie games I have ever played. The modding community is great, and the community behind it has influenced the development of it for quite some time now. I would recomend this game to anyone who wants to look at anything including spaceships differently from now on."
,Recommended,220200,13631483,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Chaosteil,good game
76561198064074987,Recommended,220200,13626431,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,lewy,"♥♥♥♥ i bought this yesterday for 23 bucks and now today its 18. thanks steam, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,220200,13634042,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MadDoctor,Build rocket for 2748734 hours - fail at launch stage.Build space - rock for 1 minute while drunk - get to duna.Best game 10/10
,Recommended,220200,9149239,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Nixxon,"HARDCORE Space Sim! And by saying hardcore I really mean it...Build a Rocket, make it into orbit, on to other moons and finally planets and their moons!Missions can be quite elaborate but the degree of freedom and creativity is unparalleled.With the last update science and research has been added giving you a great challenge including the career mode.I won't even start talking about mods... There are virtually hundreds of great mods improving your experience, making it a little less hardcore (e.g. autopilot) and giving you lots and lots of additional parts to build even better rockets and spaceplanes. The community is also super awesome and helpful."
,Recommended,220200,10769703,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jimvshady,"Mods add much more (free) value to the game, but for starters the main game is easier to start with."
,Recommended,220200,7381453,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Ｓｔｅｖｏ＿１９９８,"With a bunch of mods, this game can become a playground of fun and physics and just screwing around. totally worth the £18.00 I spent. :)"
,Recommended,220200,7751856,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Jimmy Beans,"One word ""Epic"" It's a really hard game at first which maybe isn't the best thing, but when you finally get the hang of it, it is a truly amazing game. From my first basic rocket with a command pod a small thruster and a parachute to complex multi staged rockets and planes every stage of the game is a fun filled experience certainly worth it's price."
76561198033074110,Recommended,220200,13482193,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Erika Eisburrg,"rocket blew up right in the beginningWhere is your god now ,NASA?"
,Recommended,220200,9761367,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Munk,Basically its like playing with lego but with rocket parts instead!
76561198120895640,Recommended,220200,9915196,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,oWnliEBiceps,"Best game I've ever played I strongly recommend this game to anyone who likes space games, games about building, and for anyone who likes a bit of a good challenge (its a bit tricky to get to other planets  but eventually you'll get a hang of it. I wish they could asdd the following.1.Cities2.Animals3.City lights from space4.Dustorms on other planets5.the ability to change the color of your suit6.More easter eggs7.Small astroids orbiting earth that can strike your ship and you either have to go outside with a kerbal and repair it or you could just blow it up!That is all i want to say about this game and what i wish they could add!"
,Recommended,220200,8659793,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Propellergator,"Have you ever dreamed of going to space?Well, this game can't get you there. But instead you can send innocent kerbals to their doom in the far reaches of the solar system. Crash into Duna! Get stranded on the Mun!Because in space, no-one can hear your rocket disintegrate."
,Recommended,220200,12131042,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,lewis_2000,I love this game!! Just got this and love it! The number of mods to add on to the game in unbelieable and the just whole idea is awesome. Must buy for only £20. Happy launching!
,Recommended,220200,8286464,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,|Takeda| Tada Mitsuyori,This is one awesome game!!  The key is to add MOAR rockets and MOAR struts. ;)
,Recommended,220200,10895642,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LaZWulf,Easy A+ in science for you.10/10 would be an asian again
76561198116727932,Recommended,220200,9049563,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Kioskchill54,"The best, non-NASA space simulation EVER .this is very educational for realism and the fact that itll simulate actual happenings that a real rocket would do in the part of NASA.UPDATE!I love the game, but I hate the crash amounts I'm getting! whenever I build a big rocket it crashes!still, good game"
,Recommended,220200,12416605,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Cheiko!!!,Its amazing its just its still a work in prograss and still has to have a lot to offer in the future i hope there would be more planets thats the best part about ksp the planets and something else im not sure about on how to word but i hope in my opinion they should have more planets then parts because there are alot of mods out there that add more content its just in my opinion they should work more on adding more planets for them to be permanetly in the game not saying that other planet mod packs would help they will its just they make the game lagy so to speak not haveing the best performance computer but still just to give a heads up for me might be the only one to notify you guys but still sorry if it has no periods no commas not good spelling so etc. Thats all (:
,Recommended,220200,10892681,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Blurbalkurdash,"Kerbal Space program offers an exciting experience for anybody remotely interested in orbital mechanics and Astrodynamics. The capacity given to players to design their own mission objectives and succeed or fail based on their own opinions of where they want their space program to end up is a nice break from the too common rail-roaded gameplay of today. The community is highly supportive and many mods are out there to enhance the interesting yet quite frankly bland stock game.Whilst it has the possibility of becoming arduous and boring whilst waiting for your launch windows and manoeuvre timings, playing the game such as to have many different missions up at any one time will limit this to an imperceivable level. And anyway, frequent explosions resulting from physics glitches or your own lack of qualification as a rocket scientist will no doubt provide a source of amusement as you cold heartedly find replacement crews to carry out the mission of the crew you just murdered...."
,Recommended,220200,8451828,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Preytor Fenix,This is by far the best simulation game I have ver played. BUY IT.
,Recommended,220200,17518154,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Doctorpen,The main thing that will keep you playing this game is the urge to figure out what makes your ships fly well and what makes them crash into the ground as a large fireball.
76561198184353890,Recommended,220200,30505967,Posted: 14 March,all,marc.lane,I've played 1000 hrs on KSP so yep I like this game. 10/10
76561198165310078,Recommended,220200,17933157,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,McSnuffMuff,"This game is plain amazing. You feel so proud of yourself the first time you get that shuttle in to space, and then you realise that your ship is heading into another orbit, what is that orbit you may ask, well it's the damn sun.And no, just in case you are wondering, making a new model of ship does not make it sun orbit proof.R.I.P Viking explore I, II, III, IV, V, and the 20 Kerbals now lost to the sunMorale of the story is the sun is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, blow it up if you get the chance."
76561197981005048,Recommended,220200,17934034,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,aubreymal,"This Game Is Awsome... Its adictive... please note my logged hours... But after 400 or so hours played it gets a bit repetitive. I hope the devs hear my prayers for some kind of automation of mundane tasks...Ok excitment aside, Were launching rockets and planes into space. You have to design and fly them to their destination using realistic physics and orbits.Its Super hard, which makes success that much sweater. Just try designing and landing your first rocket on the Mun. You'll understand when I say; I Jumped out my chair in excitment for succeeding.you get the jest..Recomended. Of Course!!"
,Recommended,220200,8435024,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Fungus Amongus,"A casual game for any aspiring Rocket Surgeon. The game has a career mode if you'd like to progress in the game as you learn how to play, and a sandbox mode that lets you build the most advanced rocket systems and maneuvers from the beginning. I'd highly recommend this game for any casual player who wants to tinker with the stars."
76561198080652000,Recommended,220200,14967989,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,PICKLE RICK,ok this is what i have got to say this game is cool and like do whatever you want kinda way but its game you have to invest time into its not a just start and play its like you have to learn everything so its very frustrating and quiet dificult your going to have to watch scot manely alot to understand everything but its a very good game not hard to run and very good physics other then that its a great game
76561198010357269,Recommended,220200,2640412,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Rubber Finger,Bye bye last bit of social life i got :)
,Recommended,220200,16535153,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RichoDemus,"I didn't think I'd like KSP due to my general dislike for sandbox games. But damn, building space ships, flying them to distant planets and making nailbiting landings is really damn fun. If you're even a bit curious, download the demo and give it a try!"
,Recommended,220200,2478995,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,ChibiCD,You should be playing this game!
76561198067475222,Recommended,220200,17157053,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,RufusVegas,"Incredible fun, with the addition of a career mode with resources to manage and goals to achieve KSP is really starting to feel like the game I hoped it would become when I got the early access.Pros:-Sandbox mode for instant fun-Career mode for a more ""campaing"" like experience-Rich mod community, including very respectable multiplayer mods-challenging and addictive gameplay-A very large variety of ships, planes, rovers, and strange machines can be built, piloted, and crashed!-Entertaining balance between ""real world"" style physics and ""fun"" style physicsCons:-For OSX updates sometimes introduce as many problems as they solve-Slightly steep, but far from insurmountable learning curve-Some player selectbale campiang goals feel unbalanced (not enough reward for the risk taken to achieve them)"
76561198032213815,Recommended,220200,8027250,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Exwin,Buy it. Buy it now. This game is awesome.
,Recommended,220200,8027402,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Zockmock,"Really great Game if you know what you are doing ;-)Price is perfect and the game itself is still in development, so expect a lot more content."
,Recommended,220200,8027777,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,merTYol,Best space sandbox game out there. and Immensely fun!Grab it when you are able!
,Recommended,220200,8216191,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,JellyPickles,"Wow. Great game! It is very realistic and is a ton of fun. Also, kinda educational. ;)"
,Recommended,220200,7990787,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Smellman,It's difficult at first but you learn and the whole aspect and get the mechanics down it's fun as hell.
76561198092436650,Recommended,220200,7995138,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,entergamer117,this game rocks!
,Recommended,220200,8001199,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Bard The Bread Brad,"SPAAAAAAACE. Space is fun. Space is hard. This game is incredible, but it is not easy, it can take weeks before you can get in a good orbit. The game doesn't have a campaign so everything you learn you either figure it out on your own, which makes every accomplishment all the more sweet (unless you just copy someone else's ship design).tl;drSPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE"
76561198007222510,Recommended,220200,8027286,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,digwizz,"This game is just so much fun even when, like me, you seem to kill more kerbils than u launch lol. Please Please Please try this game you wont be disapointed. and lastly Well done devs you are doin an awsome job of game, keep up the good work :DDDDD"
,Recommended,220200,10421507,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Eric aka Julian,"Kerbal Space Program: 7/10Kerbal Space Program with Mods: 11/10Seriously. The stock game is decent, but it's missing a TON of stuff which the devs seem iffy about ever really fixing. Luckily, mods pick up the slack where the devs haven't delivered.Some quick examples of how mods change the game:Stock Spaceplane:http://i.imgur.com/nAWMHDY.jpgSpaceplane with B9 Aerospace Mod:http://i.imgur.com/VOk95wb.jpgStock Graphics:http://i72.servimg.com/u/f72/14/07/60/84/kerbin10.jpgAstronomer's Visual Pack:https://i.imgur.com/xSsMxxA.gifAs you can see, mods make a HUGE difference. Luckily, they're easy to install and are updated frequently."
,Recommended,220200,9728804,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,†,I WAS ALL LIKE BOOM HTRRTHTHRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRTTHTH DEN I LENDED ON DA MUN AND I WAS LIKE 420 BLAZEIT FAGET HIGHEST DOPE IN THE UNIVERSE ♥♥♥♥♥ THEN I BE BLAZING IT ON A ASTROID ♥♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME BE CHILL!!!!111111ONEONEONEfor the white people: I engaged thrust on my rocket and plotted a course to the moon then successfully landed on the moon and proceeded to land on an asteroid and the game is quite fantastic and I do recommend it.
,Recommended,220200,9737014,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Nyaznable,Is there really anymore you could want in a game?
76561197999532996,Recommended,220200,27359156,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,you.fool.000,"Jeb lost on mun, no funds to bring him home but can go see how he is doing in his solo exploration... wqould play again 11/10"
,Recommended,220200,7485019,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,🅱hen🅱️host,why u no get dis gaim!!!!izza fun new career mode. you find science and experiment with tingsbuild ships! send them to the mun!!
,Recommended,220200,10923445,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ryobi,"I've had hours of fun trying out insane designs with this game. It's sort of like grown up Lego in Space, if Lego had science. Educational and exciting!"
,Recommended,220200,7074823,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,夏,BEST ROCKET SIM EVER
76561198052497940,Recommended,220200,10340160,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,DickButt,fing ♥♥♥♥ in my pants when i play this
,Recommended,220200,8655619,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Nar,Great game but could use a tutorial with the Orbits
,Recommended,220200,421735,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Beer on the Moon,"You'll waste hours and feel like an idiot. You'll feel pride in the most pedestrian accomplisments and for any mission that doesn't cost lives. You'll watch youtube videos on using the Navball, orbiting, docking while paying closer attention than you ever have before in your life. When you finally plant a flag on Mun, you'll be able to breathe again, step outside and gaze up at the stars with a sense of renewed wonder."
,Recommended,220200,20052699,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,dinosour,I may have a problem
,Recommended,220200,10108592,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Seismic,This game is amazing. The amount of thought and trial it takes to complete your missions is wonderful. The first time you step on the Mun is such a great feeling and I urge others to try this game!
,Recommended,220200,1296345,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,gruntybob,Spaceship Collector 2013 - Biggest rocket wins. Loads of fun!
,Recommended,220200,8533981,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,deutschnozzle,"spent like a week planning, designing, and flying a mission to laythe only for one of the landing gear to break and the craft fell over and exploded. ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥CUFICKCICUFCIUFIUFGOD DMAMMAIIAIT FFUUUUUUCKwelcome to kerbal space program."
76561198104362232,Recommended,220200,10637284,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Reticent,go jeb
76561198065219263,Recommended,220200,11647203,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,AoD Big Luke,"Excellent game. The fun is in being a super nerd that knows the laws of physics, and trying to beat them in the space simulator.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,220200,11799972,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,LiquidSolidus,"Once you get a hang of its basics, you'll find yourself spiraling into chaotic machine after chaotic machine until you finally build the space rocket of your dreams. You'll feel like Thomas Edison, having dozens of rockets blow up immediately, barely make it out of the atmosphere, or get lost in space due to lack of fuel. But these failures are always learning experiences, and once you finally get what you're after, the achievement builds and builds. Getting out of the atmosphere and landing on Kerbal's Mars equivalent, Duna, differ vastly in skill required to pull off, but both yield an unbelievable sense of ""I did it!"" The game's still in development, and the career mode is a bit lacking, but the sandbox will net hundreds of hours for casual astronomers and brave explorers alike."
76561197991804366,Recommended,220200,11544915,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Banana King,"Strapping Kerbals to huge rockets and occassionally killing them while learning orbital mechanics.  Too fun, too addictive, huge potential."
,Recommended,220200,9753792,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,ByrdMan,Great game that you can make better with mods. And who doesn't love to spend an hour not trying to fly into land :P
,Recommended,220200,10875447,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Veltex,good game you can build a giant pebus rocket
,Recommended,220200,11001765,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Suspicious Package,"Stop reading reviews and buy it, or you'll go to hell."
76561198067354190,Recommended,220200,10855956,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,T-Rex in an F-14,"Kerbal Space Program may only be in an alpha state, but as it sits it has the potential to outstake the AAA title simulation games. You currently have access to a full solar system to explore, but be weary, it isn't push-over easy. The game has the most advanced gravity simulation I have ever seen in a game. In your early stages of building, some of your things might blow up. But don't be discouraged, when you can look out at a beautiful scene of stars, It is SO worth all of the Kerbal lives you desteroyed by puting them in tin-foil capsuls. Also, if you land Jebediah on the Mun, make sure you have enough fuel to get back. Just a helpful hint.10/10 Would fly again."
76561198045535231,Recommended,220200,9711487,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Dirty Dan,"Launch Kerbal Space Program... start game... sandbox mode... rocket design center...hmmm...Ok, let's add a commad capsule... and a fuel tank underneath it... and strap a rocket engine to the bottom.3... 2... 1... LIFTOFF!ok we're traveling upwards... and we're going... and we're going... and we're out of fuel.gravity.falling.OH GOD I FORGOT THE PARACHUTES.ground.unplanned firery spontaneous vehicle disassembly (read: explosions).smoldering pile of ashes.That's usually how it starts, but I can assure you that things get better in Kerbal Space Program. It's a serious space exploration simulation game wrapped in a delightfully light-hearted and comedic packaging that is challenging, but never tiring.You'll try and you'll try and you'll try, learning something new from each failure, until one day you find success and achieve orbit. But orbit won't be good enough for you then. Then you'll try to go to the moon (or the Mun as it's refferd to in the game). And you'll fail some more. Then you'll succeed. Then you'll try to travel all the way to other planets. And you fail. And you learn. And you succeed.This game has quite literally changed peoples' lives by showing them the fun side of serious astrophysics, science, and rocketry, and sould be considered one of the greatest games ever made.10/10"
76561198060688238,Recommended,220200,10990697,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,roskonator,"Able to assemble a yonic shaped space station, and have a phalic ship dock in the station. 10/10 would stick my rocket in it again."
,Recommended,220200,10977515,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,E.Naismith,"Not a game for the impatient or those who just want to muck about, though you can do that too.   -J. Kerman"
76561198097874612,Recommended,220200,11053863,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Weaponized Albatross,love this game
,Recommended,220200,544020,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,Lupine,"KSP is extremely addicting.  Try the demo.  Watch some youtube videos for tutorial purposes.  It is difficult, but very rewarding!  The first time I achieved hard dock in orbit was one of the most intense experiences I've ever had gaming!Going to the moon and returning was also extremely challenging and filled me with a great sense of accomplishment!You've got to try this game!"
,Recommended,220200,13479066,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,HA E. C. Moore [15th MEU (SOC)],This game is very flexable I HIGHLY RECCOMENT it you can mod it out the♥♥♥♥♥I must have 400 hours plus with a non steam version of KSP the game keeps getting better and better with every update mods make it fun the physics are amazing but all in all I give ths game a 10 / 10 IGN if you like games that you can sink time into and kinda learn domething new and have to uderstand things that you would rather not but like I said I HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME.  Get it you will love it i know you will love this game tthank you SQUAD this is the best game to hit the market im hoping to see this game fully realeased soon :D
,Recommended,220200,2341294,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,TwistedLogic,"A strangely detailed* and entertaining building/space travel sim that does everything you might expect but, unexpectedly, does many of them in the way we wish other games had done them in the first place. The construction of spaceships is not the idle snapping of pieces into place to make your creation simply 'look good' and perform the same, every single piece you create has an effect on the ships performance. Every piece has a use, a function and often some kind of activation to give your ship everything it needs to do it's job. What is it's job? That depends on you. Get something into a stable orbit around the planet, make a crazy-looking land rover, land on the Mun (Moon) and even construct and launch a space-station to go anywhere you want, even distant planets. Each part of this game is fleshed out and feels complete, despite it being an early alpha. A fun game to mess around in if you can't quite get your head around the learning curve (which is pretty steep atm) but the payoff for achieving something you set out to do is fantastic and can take hours from your day.Recommendation: Play the demo, if you have fun, get the full thing. The demo has alot of content in there, so you can have an awesome time with just that if you don't want to shell out for the full version just yet. Still, definitely worth a look."
76561198078553423,Recommended,220200,11141852,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,I FREAKING LOVE SALAD,My kerbal got out of the spaceship and went around aimlessly around space11/10
76561198047232058,Recommended,220200,10120560,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Vincent Van Gogh,This game has endless possibilities. The Mods are awesome and the game is addictive. It's constantly being updated and it is rumored that multiplayer will be coming to KSP as well. I highly recommend this game. 10/10
,Recommended,220200,14803339,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,TatertotJohnson,I haz no wurds 2 describe.10/10
,Recommended,220200,9001580,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,L A N U,The goal of the game is to master the art of failure
,Recommended,220200,9698866,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,TrumpSavedMyLife,This game is simply great! I was so confused when starting and always found myself making rockets just to see how high it can go. But since there is a huge amount of mods and a large community I was able to costumize my game and play the way I want to! This game could use better tutorials.
76561198071794071,Recommended,220200,10503809,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Kindle Buck,you never get to the moon. Also they should call this game 9/11 simulator.
76561198066498393,Recommended,220200,26854048,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Astro-Knot,"This is soon-to-be my most played game on Steam. I don't just play any game I come across. I need to be able to plan and dedicate to it. I need to be able to get excited about when I do something seemingly small in game but huge in terms of achievement. Getting to the Mun for the first time is my fondest memory. It was hard-fought, but worth every second. Give the demo a try and, if it's for you, you'll come crawling back to this page."
,Recommended,220200,9732443,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Fishcake,Fun game
,Recommended,220200,11134944,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,OcDGamer98,"Great game with so much potential, if only I had a better computer to run this at 60 fps constantly(but I still get decent). Can't wait for future updates, keep it up Squad!"
,Recommended,220200,6908703,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,StalledData,"If your into space, aerodynamics, strategy, and a little bit of humor to it this game is right up your alley.➒.➄ Rating"
76561198027209521,Recommended,220200,9095749,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Bejito,I've played this game for 535 hours now ; it is great ! (yes that is five hundred thirty five ; its not a typo)If you like bulding games ; if you like space games ; if you like silly humor ; this game is the thing for youi own about 1000+ games ; most of them are what one would consider mainstream games ; so no indies or straight out crap games (allthough i have lots of indie games i truly love) and this one is BAR NONE the best you will get for your money if you are into the genre ; that being said it IS still in alpha ; so some things are not ready yet.I have introduced it to friends who were giving me a hard time when i was telling about howmuch fun it is and not one has gone back without being convinced.If you got money to spare and you like the genre buy it ; BUY IT NOW!!!!
76561198038320688,Recommended,220200,12113784,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Artinus,I failed for several hours straight to get my rockets to escape orbit.I decided to just put a few massive stacks of rockets onto the new design I made.I launched it.I watched as the stages went by and it kept escaping the orbit more and more with each second.I watched in horror.I launched my first Kerbal into space to drift endlessly with no way home.I then decided to do it again.I now have my own man-made asteroid belt full of spaceships.  10/10 game must buy
,Recommended,220200,10778358,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MasoGaming,"Awsome game, hard to get but worth your money :D"
,Recommended,220200,4312058,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,die_lahn,This game is the bee's knees
,Recommended,220200,12069654,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,ThePhil,You can kill innocent little green creatures with rockets.10/10
76561198007995521,Recommended,220200,11351794,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ZappBrannigan,"This game holds my personal record for most hours played. It keeps drawing you back in. Even in sandbox mode you feel what it was like in the real space program, learning to build a stable ship, learning how to orbit, learning to dock, and finally standing on another world. The new career path has made this even more noticable. The physics are outstanding and are what you would expect from a advanced flight sim. The freedom to build in sandbox mode, and spending hours trying to land on the Mun, then actually pulling it off is a great feeling, even for a video game.The only real feature missing is mission planning. There are addons and mods that help you plan your missions, but I feel that should be part of the game. You shoudl not have to speed up time and wait for Mars to be in the right position for landing. Nor should you have to create your manuevers on the fly. I think a real mission control woul be worth while. An ability to know when to launch, know when to manuever ahead of time, that would really make the sim come alive.Other than that 10/10 for me personally. One of my favorite games to have come out in the last few years, and one that keeps finding ways to bring me back."
,Recommended,220200,10595674,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Floppy Joints,10/10 really enjoyed sending my boys to the edges of space because i have no idea how to get to the moonmiss u jebediah :(
76561198131951952,Recommended,220200,10958127,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Yendoray,Wow.
,Recommended,220200,8896452,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Llewell Mirkily,"KSP is one of the most fun educational games out there. It is educational because it doesn't set out to teach you anything, yet will make you want to study orbital mechanics, delta-v calculations and more. After a few days playing this you'll sound like an astro-physist because you'll actually be reading books by astro-physists."
12345678901234567,Recommended,220200,10770297,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,br54jr,The most fun you'll have in a space simulator. :)
,Recommended,220200,11350748,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,fapasaures rex,10/3 would ♥♥♥♥ again
,Recommended,220200,9542367,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,>Fu//5p3ctrumSp4gh3tti<,"KSP is fun right from the beginning. Whether you are testing a new model of fighter jet, planning your very own ISS, or exploding violently. As long as you have some understanding of the scentific method and basic Newtonian physics, your mistakes will be the stepping stones to other worlds."
,Recommended,220200,10530852,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,wucebillis,"Most games have a learning curve based around mastery of gameplay mechanics, improving reflexes and situational awareness, or problem solving. KSP is an altogether different beast: you'll need to learn orbital mechanics and some basic rocket science to succeed, but unlike most games, this knowledge is directly applicable to (and derived from) real life situations.Building rockets is hard. Getting rockets into space is harder. Landing your Kerbals on the Mun, visiting different planets, and bringing them back alive is a singular achievment. Yet KSP never makes the learning process tedious; miserable failures - usually explosive in nature - often elicit laughter and joy, and every mistake is an opportunity to learn something new.Despite being early access, KSP is remarkably polished, and each update adds meaningful, useful content. The developers are engaged with the community to a terrific extent and the community itself is among the best around. There are mods for just about everything, in case the core game ever starts to get stale.You can't go wrong with Kerbal Space Program. It's a wonderful, gorgeous game."
,Recommended,220200,10988413,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Net.Troll [UA],"This game is awesome. But full expirience can only be acheived with mods, which, however, most of the time don't work together nicely."
,Recommended,220200,11007475,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,OverclockedBacon,very fun
,Recommended,220200,6127106,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Marshone,Yeehaw fahr up dose nuclar engihns Jebediah
,Recommended,220200,10621606,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Packer04,Its a Good Game.
,Recommended,220200,9414180,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Fireking883,"This game is amazing. From my humble little beginning at throwing kerbals in space, to where I currently am (going to Duna to save jeb) i have always loved this game. Wether you want to go to Eoloo or the Mun, it is always fun! The graphics of this game is also buetiful, though I would like it if there were clouds. I just made my first space station not long ago and the feeling of finishing it after hours working on it is an amazing feeling, I'll tell you that. This game is worth the 26$ you pay for it in every aspect. I hope this game goes on to become a bigger and better game then it is now!"
,Recommended,220200,10881370,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,killa cam,(accidently) killing little green men in the name science!
76561198093710349,Recommended,220200,10881523,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lemoneylimeslimes,"This game has changed me from a solid console gamer into a PC gamer. I have spend 300+ hours thus far in the game and it has been frustrating, rewarding and educational all at the same time. Launching a probe to the Gas Giant Jool and regreting not putting more science modules on board later when you have better building practices. So you do it all over agian. With the easy ability to mod, and the abundance of mods out for the game you are creating your own game, and it is a blast doing it!"
,Recommended,220200,10882368,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Puppyisms,"Kerbal Space Program is the epitome of learning to fall with style. It is continuously amazing, continuously drawing my creative side, and it is continuously driving me to create bigger, better, and more likely to fail monsters of Aerospace. Career mode? That's a win but sandbox, the sandbox is where my own bread and butter is. It never gets old to push the limits of things and see how perfectly you can get something to fail.Yes, you will have a lot of failures but it contain the funnest amount of failing you've ever experienced. On top of that there is no greater pride than successfully launching something and taking it around the planet, to the Mun, and beyond.Fly forth little Kerbalnauts and here, you better read this apology for my ineptitude before you launch."
76561198051301337,Recommended,220200,10782638,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,bjjsedgewick,i love this have almost 300 hours in it
76561198035702394,Recommended,220200,9985416,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Hobbs/Lancelot,WARNING! ADDICTIVE! DO NOT GET IF YOU WANT TO MAINTAIN A SOCIAL LIFE!
,Recommended,220200,10740991,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Brick,"One of the most satisfying games I've played in years. It's fun, interesting, definately educational, and it can be as difficult as you want/need. Good clean fun, this is a game my children will be encouraged to play."
,Recommended,220200,10589686,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Neoheevoc,Just Epic!
,Recommended,220200,12407369,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Douger,Built a spaceship and crashed it into the mun only to spend the next 5 years of my life trying to get it back.11/10
,Recommended,220200,12404551,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Bluster Monkey,"This is a fabolous game but is not ""minecraft in space"". Stupid Guardian idiots. I can thouroly (not a clue how to spel)  recommend this game to waste hours of your life in pure hysterical happiness. There is included an amazing modding community and a lot of lovely people trying to help you not kill so many Kerbals.Thank you very much."
76561198122763711,Recommended,220200,9623469,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,MasterPtato,Best game in physics. Very good graphics and very fun. I very highly recomend it to those few geeks in the world.
,Recommended,220200,12411249,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Sandman,
,Recommended,220200,11412394,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Adolf Frank,This game is all about sending little green men called Kerbals all across the planetary system in an attempt to please their exploration needs.The GoodsWhether you are getting your first rocket in to orbit or landing on the Mars equivalent named Duna it is always exciting and fun and is always keeping you interested with the multiple goals you can achieve. With the recent addition of contracts new users now have a way to know what do next with their program based on how well they do with the contracts they are given.The BadsThis game makes the monetary system not very tense in the sense that it is very difficult to go bankrupt. Also with common failures headed your way be aware that hours upon hours of anger and stress are headed your way.Rating: 8.5/10Overall I reccomend this game as it is very fun to do new and exciting things
76561198041837530,Recommended,220200,10533417,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,FalafelKart,"""It's not rocket science"" jokes aside, this game is extremely creative, humorous, challenging, and absolute fun.  Anyone who's a fan of NASA will be able to relate to a game that makes a player feel like they are discovering the solar system on their own.  As the player becomes more skilled, they can explore more distant worlds.  Learning is part of the fun too, but it's kept lighthearted enough to be consistently engaging.  Nice to play a game that's unlike any other."
,Recommended,220200,12414342,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,modboy84,"Where do I start with this game? I love it, everything about it. Kerbal has so much about it to like. It's robust, expansive, has great mod support and on top of that the vanilla game is fun and challenging. At first I played this and was a little put off of the learning curve, while not being difficult it was tricky to learn as the tutorials were not very well developed in the beginning. Now further in to development there is a nice tutorial video and career mode.For a simulator/builder game Squad may have inevitably shown people how to build and pilot space shuttles. While I'm still learning I'd like to think I may comfortably pilot a plane (not really though).As of the last patch (economy boom) this has attained one of my preferred games to play for high replayability. It's even great for all ages. What else could you ask for? I'm going to push this review in to the future a bit as I'm still learning a lot of the quirks functions of the game. At the initial asking price ($32.99C$), I don't have a hard time recommending this game to people who don't already own it."
,Recommended,220200,10294843,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ThePhillyCheesequake,First time I've wished I paid more attention in math class. 10/10
,Recommended,220200,11767638,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,metalbeard,This game makes you feel like rocket scientist.
,Recommended,220200,11825018,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,mrfishsticks,"This is the most unlikely game I have ever loved.I blow up way to many rockets for my own good. But now my son has recent contructed a lovely construction ""Kerbal Space program"" Rocket (in appropriate orange color) with a bonus EVA hatch.And now my 5 year old Daughter knows what EVA means... so yay?"
,Recommended,220200,10554126,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,nibbles,"This game can easily consume your life! Its so damn addictive! Quiet often my and my mates have a ""space race"" where we must make it to a moon or another planet land plant a flag then make it back to Kerbin. First to do so, is victorious *also no mechjeb is allowed ;)"
76561197983713023,Recommended,220200,22827661,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Magic Mutton,"This game should be a school subject for every kid in the world.You learn how to send things into space, gravity and loads, orbits and much more."
76561198052630549,Recommended,220200,13651385,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ht7770,"What I have learnt from this game in the last few hours is more than I learned in my astronomy GCSE, interesting but fun enough that shooting a kerbal towards the sun on a rocket propelled asteroid makes you fall on the floor crippled with demonic laughter.10/10"
,Recommended,220200,8430112,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,J3ST3R-M4A3,Best spaceship sandbox game ever created.  Highly addictive!!!  Fantastic bang for your buck!
,Recommended,220200,14457333,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,cunt,"This isn't a nerdy, scientific, boring space simulator! It's a game where you can send little green men into space and send them flying back down to Kerbin (Earth) into their inevitable death resulting in aa satisfying explosion :)"
76561198083881716,Recommended,220200,22549194,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Bruno Grimaldi,"One of the best gaming expiriences i've had (and still have), and i had quite alot.This game, IMHO, have two ways of playing:1. Expansive arcade style - you just build bigger and care little about efficiency, enjoying the ride and having fun.2. Almost space-sim style - you actually read Wiki about orbiting, about roket science, about planes, learn theory and then apply it to practice, fail, relearn, apply, aaaaand... SUCCESS!Personally, im enjoying the second approach. It is so relaxing and calming, that even in most dire circumstances you could calm your mind watching your rocket orbiting, or building new spacecraft, or flying planes (this could be frustrating due to bad design, though), and since this game has no PvP content you dont even have to think about being competitive with someone besides yourself. Also it gives solid understanding of Newtons and Cophernicus laws, basic math, basic efficiency management (bigger dowsnt always mean better) and general aerodynamcs, so its a nice game for children, as well for their parents.And its a musthave for any fan of space, spaceships and flying :)10 crashed Mun landers out of 10 :)"
,Recommended,220200,10945623,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MasterQ,A fun engineering game with many posibilities and lots of mod support!
76561198028048195,Recommended,220200,8033675,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,chaosengine16,Has a lot of potential for addiction :)
76561198111961253,Recommended,220200,15795143,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,[HC]Crullertripod8,"Great Game, love it!!!"
,Recommended,220200,17812530,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,BinaryMuppet,"With 23000+ reviews, this game has created alot of interest amongst gamers, students, teachers, or space hobbyists. Kudos to SQUAD! What a great game, it's one for the record books!"
,Recommended,220200,8470741,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Chaos Corrupted,"This game is really amazing, if you love building spaceships and airplanes, watching them crash and burn, throw your keyboard into your monitor, then realized you didn't have any fins on your aircraft, then this game is for you. 10/10 would have to buy a new monitor again."
76561198086347366,Recommended,220200,19810669,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,aa-457,Your inner Jihadist will be most pleased by all the explosions occurring in this game
,Recommended,220200,18327582,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Matt_Smith_Official,This game can not be expressed in words only numbers 1000/10
76561198041504495,Recommended,220200,13040438,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Colorless_Panther,"If you love science, space, and explosions then you'll probably like this game. This game right here pretty about sending rockets into space; sounds simple, right. I personally spent close to 130 hours in this game (with mods) and have been enthralled, enraged, and suprised by how much precision is needed in this game when landing or even trying to just to orbit a planet. This game gives me a challenge and I do love challenges. Also, spaceplanes."
76561198124944045,Recommended,220200,15873218,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,i2raybs,"I really love this game but, now when every I open it, it finishes loading then it just crashes :(but this is only on MY PC so don't worry"
,Recommended,220200,3999997,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,JSadones,"Very fun game but VERY hard to learn, so buy it if you like a challenge"
76561197967223942,Recommended,220200,8425025,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MVBlake,"Thank god for my understanding girlfriend.  This has to be one of the most played games in my collection.  Challenging and rewarding in equal measures, the game encourages creativity whilst punishing the rushed idea.  On a basic level it's fun, on the more advanced level you finally get to feel, albeit slighly untruthfully, that you were always capable of being a physicist, if only you had paid more attention in school.  I just learned how to get to Minmus.  It was the next obvious step in my learning mountain.  I felt like celebrating as my short green man took his first long slow motion bounds on the surface of a mint icecream-like moon.  My girlfriend just smiled and rolled her eyes.  Go on, reward your inner nerd.  Buy the game.  It's only going to get better.After all, it's hardly rocket science.  Oh wait, it is."
,Recommended,220200,21689933,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,HakkerMaster,"One of the most complex games I've been ever played in my life, deserves all the money."
,Recommended,220200,22046044,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Soviet Sparrow,Awesome game!
76561198275752372,Recommended,220200,22103776,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,mccubbin291,An amazing game for the whole family. quite confusing at first and takes some practice(although exploding kerbals is fun) RECOMMENDED!
76561198151395709,Recommended,220200,22152410,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,HadesRex,Love the game. Ten out of ten play it EVERY DAY WOO!
,Recommended,220200,13463839,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Insanitoid,"One of my all time favorites. You can't just strap a kerbal to a rocket and win. You need to think,  plan and articulate your structures to achieve your goals in game. It also has comic relief to ease your frustration when you can't figure out to burn retrograde or prograde."
76561198061518393,Recommended,220200,11992312,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,SaberShip,"This game is an amazing Sandbox style game, perhaps one of the best parts about it is that it has an active community with active development.  The game has many mods and constant (~bimonthly) Game updates in addition to the endless possibilities of a sandbox game that takes place on the surface of planets as well as in space. The game allows you to play seriously as well as the freedom to goof off. These things said, it makes this one of the best simulator games out there!"
,Recommended,220200,3217543,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Alright,"A fantastic physics-based space simulation. New updates are coming all the time, and I fully expect to be playing it well past the 500 hour mark."
76561198056003399,Recommended,220200,13701067,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Panzerspartan,"KSP is both my most played and favorite steam game, with the biggest reason being the fact that you aren't required to do anything really. Even in career mode you get to pick your contracts and most contracts are fairly open and only care about you achieving the end result, they don't care how you do it. As long as you accept the fact that you will likely fail at least a few times, and have no qualms about sending off little green men to their grim demise, then this is the game for you."
76561198057885354,Recommended,220200,13584110,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Legostian,"In high orbit Jeb fell off the ship while the engines were still on. After a dramatic 5 minutes and armed only with his jetpack, he managed to get back to the command pod and finish the mission. It was better than the movie Gravity.10/10Also the Kerbals remind me of minions from despicable me."
,Recommended,220200,10953367,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Litizia,"How to reach the moon? It isn't rocket science... well, it is rocket science and it's pure fun!"
76561198035414163,Recommended,220200,11773360,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Acetate,"Yea its pretty fun tbh, good to spend a few hours on"
76561198024089347,Recommended,220200,11178012,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Mogie,"Kerbal Space Program is a great game. I am having a lot of fun with this, and I just got the game. The tutorials are very helpful and fun, Free mode gives you the most room though, but the campaign is another great thing to have, though it is a little more difficult because you need to follow your objectives. I named my first shuttle Meal Ticket thinking it was going to bring me some cash on kerbal (I don't know why) but it's a lot of fun. I suggest anyone who has a curiosity about space to buy this, you'll simulate a whole space program, building the shuttle, launching, and etc. A lot of fun to come from this game, and I hope they come out with some dlc too!"
,Recommended,220200,10224909,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Woodythehobo,"Pump out insane looking rockets that explode on the launch pad.Eventually get into orbit at a horrendously elliptical orbit, stranding Jeb.Strap on extra boosters and get to the Mun, then crash, killing Bill.Add comically colossal duct taped together top heavy lander and aim for Minmus, then accidentally hit escape velocity, stranding Bob.Build a space station (so much fun) and break it with debris.Smooth and realistic lighting in space makes everything look awesome.A few quirks, skips, lag and jolts and messy orbit marker things.This game is highly playable as an early access.Expect slow, several month updates.Extreme fun for any fan of space, orbital mechanics, sandbox games, Spore, etc.£19.99 is a fair price for this, though I waited for a steam sale.9.7/10Would like to see:Official Multiplayer with private, lan, dedicated options.Better performance.More parts.Higher resolution texturing.More frequent updates.Would then achieve and surpass 10/10"
,Recommended,220200,12407683,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ItsYahBoiYin,i recommend this game for creative builders who have ideas out of this worl
,Recommended,220200,13139074,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,MrLeafZONE,"Really Good game, cartoony fun to play and if you have a lot of imagination even better. Great game for people who want to be astronauts"
76561198086725401,Recommended,220200,22519003,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Jaggster (Dimension C-132),One of the best games ever
76561198024989988,Recommended,220200,22522054,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Piper,Lost a man on the moon. Rescued him.
,Recommended,220200,19038824,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Commandelicious,"This is THE space program simulation. Period.And yeah, even if the kerbals are green this is the most realistic space simulation there is. There are also tons of mods which increase the experience even further."
76561198275965742,Recommended,220200,28022087,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,anonymoustallguy,"It's the only sandbox game I've never grown tired of. It's a ton of fun. (It's not quite $40.00 worth of fun, though. It's a good idea to wait for a sale, but the only one I've seen over the past few months was on cyber Monday.)"
76561198128830598,Recommended,220200,15197139,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Kinda Gayyyyyyy,The best thing is about this game is probably killing kerbals
76561198055548293,Recommended,220200,22475522,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TheVoiceOfFear,BEST SPACE GAME EVAAAR!
76561198271419579,Recommended,220200,22490006,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Cade,This is like the best game evver :D
76561198191198390,Recommended,220200,18775932,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ronzi,Learning curve so steep might as well call it a learning wall
,Recommended,220200,12689589,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,anobscurecharacterfromkirby,"one of the few alphas that delivered what it promised and so much more. This is more of a learning tool than a game if one aspires to reach the further planets, but increidbly well done."
,Recommended,220200,403633,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,IainMcC,"Behind the cartoony presentation, there's a deep and sophisticated simulation and sandbox here that's not just surprisingly realistic, but also utterly compelling. Like space itself, it's big, complicated and brutally unforgiving of mistakes, but it's also full of wonder and potential adventure. An absolute delight."
,Recommended,220200,22542537,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,EMBLUM,I've learned so much from this game! I have a new found appreciation for space travel and the frailty of life. I can't recommend this game enough. There is no other game like it!
76561198074763789,Recommended,220200,22542974,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Da Fancy Antelope,"One of the best if not the best game made this decade. I have been with KSP since the very start, when the first prototype was released. The physics, both in space and out, are incredible, trulyincredible. Orbital slingshots, reentry, it has it all. The $40 price tag may seem a lot, but trust me, its worth every dollar. They are still adding new and awesome content, so buy it rightnow.10/10"
,Recommended,220200,22543904,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,MottSpott,What everyone else here has already said. This game is fantastic.
,Recommended,220200,11077917,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,{RiP}Biggs,"Do you like building♥♥♥♥♥♥in physics games?What about♥♥♥♥♥♥with Rockets?What about♥♥♥♥♥♥with 152+ rockets that blasts off into orbit, or blows up trying?By far the best physics sim for spaceships I've used to date. Get it!"
,Recommended,220200,17874978,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Jym,One of the most fun and engaging games I have played.Hours and hours of time spent failing and tweaking and failing again just to at the end of 100 hours have a better theoretical knowledge of orbital mechanics.
76561198170673179,Recommended,220200,22522461,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,DSA_Majors,Fun! It is hard but i really like it!
76561198060859626,Recommended,220200,22525506,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,[Based]Shazaming,"Figured i would hop on the bandwagon, 29000 positive reviews because this is a fantastic game and the developers did exactly what they said they would since alpha."
,Recommended,220200,22496266,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Badgerspin,Space Tragedy Simulator 201610/10
,Recommended,220200,9554602,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Spammy V,"DO YOU WANT TO LEARN HOW TO ROCKET SCIENCE? DO YOU WANT TO KNOW ORBITAL MECHANICS, BUDGET YOUR DELTA-V, PLAN RENDEZVOUS, AND SEND SPACEMEN INTO SPACE?Well this is the best game for it."
76561198021960460,Recommended,220200,13963229,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Archon Toten,250+ hours on a game that isn't finished. Sim nasa
,Recommended,220200,8050601,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,赛钱箱,Explore the universe in your backyard.
,Recommended,220200,9088071,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Nuew,"This game is fantastic. There is so many parts, with insane amounts with mods added. The only reason this is still in early access is the lack of a finished career mode and multiplayer (Which is planned for late in development). This is a really good game - recommended!"
76561198079546311,Recommended,220200,11042769,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Sexually Active Honda Civic (Ia),"I will start this review off by saying this game is Amazing, I dont think i can express how AMAZING this game actullay is. I would rate it 10/10. Miniscule bugs which is fantastic for very few updates. You can spend countless hours building and launching your creations. Not only can the spaceship fly to space, but it can do so in a  ery realistic manner.Being able to build and control your flight makes it very fun. Even if you crash your first design, there is still possibility with the next flight to correst this flaw.  Although i only have 70 hours, i really can say this is worth the buy. Its one of those games you can crank up after some down-time and really enjoy.The atmosphere of the game is quite vivid and imaginitive. The only thing that detured me was the price of it. Once i bought it i didn't care about the price. It was worth every single penny, it is such a creative idea.This game is also very easy to install addons. If you install the right addons you can make the game even better.Props to the Developers for such a great game. Now im off to send a ship to Minimus. Good luck to all, and have a great time with this game. :)"
,Recommended,220200,12184526,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,1992 Daihatsu Mira L200,"Great game, nice physics"
76561197994712579,Recommended,220200,8413316,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Can you actually just not feed,Yes.
,Recommended,220200,10734545,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Monofraps,"Kerbal Space Program is all about, well, your own space program.It is an increadibly fun game. If building impossible space crafts, shooting them into space and killing innocent Kerbals is your thing, I can definitely recommend this game.The base game lacks some performance here and some features there. However, the latter can easily be fixed by installing mods which add a lot to the game - not only parts but also actual game play mechanics.The graphics are *fine* for this sort of game. Don't expect AAA-like super realistic textures, though.As mentioned before, KSP does have some slight performance issues. Don't get me wrong here, the frame rate is definitely at an acceptable level. However, the more crafts you have near you in space the longer physics calculations seem to take which will lead to some degree of lag eventually. Talking about physics, *do not expect super-realistic physics*. KSP is based on Unity which is a great engine for casual-ish games but its physics simulation sucks. I think I read an article stating that Squad had to heavily modify Unity's physics engine in order to make KSP possible. - From my observations: orbital physics seem totally fine but your creation tends to start wobbling without reason from time to time."
,Recommended,220200,8200636,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mark,"So, so, sexy. Like space? Exploration? Build and destroy? The game does it best and always improving! ;)"
,Recommended,220200,11679011,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Rik,HULLO ITS SCOTT MANLEY
,Recommended,220200,10617772,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Atonite,Very good game for free time!
76561198035961130,Recommended,220200,9725747,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Cornballshark44,this game is sper fun a must buy this is fun for all ages i play it all the time
,Recommended,220200,17746376,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Kyrocon,"Very good game, for a game like this it's relaistic and its even fun for stupid people like me, you build big rockets and smash them into each other, or make kerbals jump from orbit and explode."
,Recommended,220200,8171123,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,MasterChief,Totally worth the money if you enjoy building spaceships and watching them explode over and over and over and... :)
76561198230911588,Recommended,220200,18335935,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,thomaswinton1,"Super fun in sandbox, science and career. If you just want to create a big bulky plane or spaceship to crash or fly creative is for you. if you want to fly and build planes by earning the science but dont want the pressure of money running out science mode is for you. If you want to earn everything the classic hard way and get to a different planet, career mode is for you."
,Recommended,220200,8201333,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Kaymes,Send little green men to the moon.Try not to explode.
76561198031706732,Recommended,220200,12307751,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,FerrusPugnum,"A very good and detailed sim world where you try and try again to design, build and launch hapless, fun loving Kerbals into space. Lots of humour and definitely as detailed as you could want in both the open sandbox or starting from scratch learning as you go to build the ship.If you love space and space ships this is a great one."
76561198031353376,Recommended,220200,11579681,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,"The ""Geriatric Giraffe"" B-Man","Whether you play it as an in-depth space exploration sim, complete with amazingly complex mods, or just fancy building a rocket powered motorcycle and jumping it from atop a Munar mountain range, this game is delightfully complex and potentially only limited by what you can imagine putting into orbit.I will just say that you will soon associate the music played in the Vehicle Assembly Bay with despair."
76561198087107884,Recommended,220200,9252987,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,benitoaustria,Neat.
,Recommended,220200,10122766,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Blorby,I have always dreamt of going to space.....Then I found out it was more fun failing to get out of the atmosphere.11/10
76561198053571214,Recommended,220200,8802621,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,NANDálf,"A really good game by indie developer Squad. As I'm typing this, the game is still in alpha, yet it is already capable of hours of time consumption. With a healthy modding community, unique challenges, amusing part descriptions, and a vast solar system to explore, this sandbox space sim is a great way to kill a few hours. And Kerbals. Inadvertently. For the most part.A word of warning, however: this game is not for the impatient. It is very time consuming (but rewarding), and can be very challenging, especially early on. For anyone new to the game, I'd recommend going on YouTube and watching a few of Scott Manley's video tutorials, and a few of his regular videos (especially for some good mods). There's nothing more frustrating than when you crash into that space station you were building in low Kerbin orbit because you didn't realise that in order to perform a safe docking, you must completely match orbits and velocity."
76561198018095369,Recommended,220200,10794814,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,socerscrub,I love this game! Makes Exploring space easy and fun!
,Recommended,220200,7626896,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Ego Mutatio,"I love this program.  While there are definitely shortcuts taken in the calculations, it is a good approximation of the real deal."
,Recommended,220200,19116916,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,JTorgo,"Definitely recommend. It may have taken up huge amounts of my time, but it was worth every minute."
76561198154063335,Recommended,220200,18831155,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,its great but just make a workshop it would be easier than doing all those tasks to put on just one mod. Please put a workshop.
,Recommended,220200,18376171,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,FREDUS DRIVERUS (M.Segeants),You know that Model rocket you built when you were a kid. this is nothing like it this is when NASA ran out of ideas. and hired you to make rockets. or something like that
,Recommended,220200,17651210,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Thermospore,This game is my life
76561197993594407,Recommended,220200,23497057,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,morphops,"3rd time restarting career mode, after killing all the kerbals and running out of money building rockets that cost more then the contract paid! I've watched too many Scott Manley videos on youtube, and have had kerbals on EVA escape the earths gravity (gotta keep the area around the hatch clear!!!)Just setup a space station on the moon but forgot the darn antenna to get the contract to pay out.. silly me, thankfully could still restart from the VAB and spend 30 minutes doing it all over again.More fun then actually walking outside"
,Recommended,220200,26830331,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Olaroll,"Probably the best and maybe only space exploration game that is realistic enough to get a grasp on space travel while remaining very accessible to nearly anyone. As a bonus, the modding support for this game is phenomenal. Nearly anything you might want out of this game is accessible through the huge library of mods that Kerbal Space Program supports."
,Recommended,220200,10313912,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Tagathan,ADD MORE BOOSTERS!!!!!!!! WE MUST FLY HIGHER!!!!!
76561198009005348,Recommended,220200,13658685,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Vashta_Nerada,"3...2...1... BLAST OFF!!!! MASSIVE EXPLOSION!!! Kerbals dying, children crying, and tons of fun."
,Recommended,220200,22573540,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Messier_,"It's space, it's rockets, it's explosions, what's nto to like?"
,Recommended,220200,14010819,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,SynthWeaver,best game euw
,Recommended,220200,13453758,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,estxcrew,I have yet to land after launch. Still totally worth it though!
,Recommended,220200,22534806,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Mιgнту,"Absolutely amazing, the modding community is insane! Well worth the money!"
76561198134806768,Recommended,220200,13661556,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Clap the Trap,"Great game, inspired my love for space (even more). This is one of those great games that can teach you stuff, but doesn't shove it in your face. You don't even have to learn the stuf it teaches for it to be fun. A great game for anybody, especially people who love space and want to be an astronaut."
76561198038486700,Recommended,220200,12060286,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Hans the Aryan,"Kerbal Space Program is an amazing game, the challenge of launching a rocket into orbit, let alone other planets makes this game a very fun challenge! When you land on the Mun for the first time, it is one of the greatest achievements that you will get in Gaming!"
76561198095588838,Recommended,220200,18394075,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Double-Cheese,Probably the most influential game in my life. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,220200,15588260,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Randomizer,Man this game has everything for lunar flight to making aiplanes and crap. i recommend this game and it just gets better
76561198030510889,Recommended,220200,4001255,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,[LINUX] Seven,best early access game at the moment
76561198068253170,Recommended,220200,10782349,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cubasa,"I've only played this game for a couple hours and thoroughly enjoy it. One of the best games ive played just because of how addicting this game gets. I played the demo and was  interested by what the rest of the game must be like so i bought it. At first it was hard to play but once you get the hang of it its crazy addicting. I had no problem putting in 100+ hours and this game with mods, i had to change my pants. I 10000% recommend this game to everyone, its incredible."
76561198046369282,Recommended,220200,8115177,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,[m!©e]Steely,love this game......lets me feel like im going to space
,Recommended,220200,8864115,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,tomcat955,I liked this game. You learn alot about guiding space ships and stuff and its pretty fun trying to get to the moon. I could never get anywhere past crash landing into the moon though.
,Recommended,220200,9502930,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,SexBad,you can send little green midgets on suicidel missions to bomb them selves to save obama bin laden
,Recommended,220200,8138516,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,TBBZ8X8,A bit difficult to understand at first but once you get the hang of it an amazing game.
,Recommended,220200,10025507,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Strulick,ksp is a open sandbox/career game where you built your oun ship and then fly it where ever you can/want you can allways expiriment with your recources and make fun of it when you with uyou can built it at evry size and in any shape this game has phisics and no you dont have to know phisics to play the game
,Recommended,220200,894617,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Sir Tom Collins,"Holy crap this is a fun game.  Build your rocket/ship/plane/jet/whatever and blast off to the sky and beyoned, fun times."
76561197983323833,Recommended,220200,970255,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,*COG* Salamander,"So far an amazingly deep game. I'm not doing very well yet, but loving it!It is a complex and involved game, I would recommend watching Scott Manley's videos to understand some of the more detailed aspects of building, launching, and controlling your various spacecraft. There's a lot you can do here and it really let's you explore your creativity."
,Recommended,220200,15594810,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,NeonPunk,Mom: You are playing games while having tough physics exam tomorrow?Me: THIS IS SCIENCE!and yes i passed physics exam. Now i just wait for quantum physics in this game :)
,Recommended,220200,17818751,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Arrias,My favorite game. Great space sim. 10/10 would recomend.
,Recommended,220200,6476831,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,handygaber,"Kerbal is flooded with my pods, drones and satellites in orbit. And i loved putting the into it. This game is all about building your spacecraft and flying it into the vast nothingness. Planning your flight is recommended. An entire galaxy consisting of several planets and their moons is available. Building, flying and getting your craft into orbit is incredibly satisfying and all your crafts can be easily monitored by the space center.A great experience awaits!"
,Recommended,220200,19138632,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Wabawooo,"Stop looking at reviews and buy the game, Its good."
76561198078863713,Recommended,220200,7931148,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,BIG MOOSE,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,220200,32605701,Posted: 20 June,all,Cptlife,Great game so far. Can't wait to see what Take 2 does with it. Hopefully only gets better!
,Recommended,220200,22357288,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Plentin,How to play KSP:1. Add cockpit2. Add fuel tanks3. Add engines4. Add boosters5. Add parachute6. Launch rocket7. Forget heatshield10/10 would watch my Kerbal burn to death again.
,Recommended,220200,20375570,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,The Mongoose,So many other unplayed Steam games.
76561197981159641,Recommended,220200,10520176,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,SOGKNIGHT,Great game.. more for the advanced gamer.. a must for kids to learn science and yet super advanced for the comen adult.
76561198119588170,Recommended,220200,8584738,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,sektrum,this game is very fun and it has great graphics! its the most addicting game i have ever played :D
,Recommended,220200,30993319,Posted: 7 April,all,Almeister,LEGENDARY GAME
,Recommended,220200,10750655,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Djeeta,woah
76561198077261085,Recommended,220200,33207228,Posted: 3 July,all,teenymillipede,Best game of its kind. Unparalleled
,Recommended,220200,7189071,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Dude,"This is an update to the rewievNow i play this game for a long time.It was fun and all but only if you arenintonitA tip if you want to buy it look at the demo version.And if youre done with that, may look on youtube.You can have a lot of fun and if you get bored try out the mods for this game.You finde the mods manly on the website curse. But there are other great mods that are not on this siteJust google a bit and you find them.7.89/10 I was there an saw the game growingIt was a good development. Give it a try."
,Recommended,220200,33222958,Posted: 4 July,all,Mat,The best game available on steam.
,Recommended,220200,16003693,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Lord Corn,"Very fun game. Enjoyed every hour played so far, and all of the hours that will come."
,Recommended,220200,33192428,Posted: 3 July,all,MidnightSpecial,"This has to be one of my all time favorite games ever made.   I started stalling out on the game because I just wasn't very good at giving myself challenges so I decided to use the custom difficulty settings to make my own game mode.  Give yourself a ton of starting funds and science, jack up the science rewards, and basically just get to play Sandbox mode, but still have access to the contracts that constantly give you specific tasks to shoot for.  Also, the modding community around this game is second to none.  Everything from life support mods (awesome) to quality of life tweaks are readily available and are usually very well maintained.  I can't wait to see where this game goes from here, but I've got plans to spend hundreds more hours in KSP."
